Dr. John Fleming (Photo: File)
At the 11th hour, of the 11th day, of the 11th month in 1918 an armistice, or temporary truce, was declared between the Allied nations and Germany at the end of the First World War. The next year it was commemorated as Armistice Day and became a holiday 20 years later in 1938. Today we better know and celebrate it as Veterans Day, a day on which we honor all those that have served in our armed forces.
While I hope you join me in thanking our nation's veterans, let's not let reserve our gratitude for just one day. Instead, we must continually remember our nation's veterans throughout the year. For those still with us today, we must be mindful of what their needs may be after they return from the battlefield.
Having served six years as a physician in the United States Navy, I have a strong personal appreciation for the sacrifices our veterans have made on behalf of our country and our citizens. My service has also given me insight into what their current needs may be.
For one, it is critical that we keep our promise to our nation's veterans about caring for them after they return from the battlefield. Last year an amendment I offered passed into law to prevent the Army from closing Bayne Jones Army Community Hospital at Fort Polk. In addition to providing rehabilitation facilities for injured soldiers, it also serves as an asset to the community for currently serving military men and women, their families and retirees.
In 2010 I also offered an amendment that would allow veterans to be paid early when the first of the month fell on a weekend. This would make sure veterans are able to pay their rent on time, or make sure checks cleared. I'm proud to see my amendment became law in January 2011.
Meanwhile, I have repeatedly joined in Louisiana congressional delegation efforts to work with the Veterans Affairs secretary and other veterans service organizations in getting the VA health clinics at Lake Charles and Lafayette approved quickly.
Besides taking care of veterans' needs, another way we can say “thank you” is by holding the Department of Veterans Affairs accountable. Not only has the organization in charge of caring for our veterans been rocked by scandals, but the agency also has fired only three senior level officials and it continues fail in its accountability. Earlier this year a facility in Phoenix was even accused of falsifying waiting lists to cover up the agency's multitude of problems.
This is unacceptable. We need to fill the VA with employees who take their duty of serving our veterans seriously and will do all that they can to serve our nation's heroes.
In July 2015 I voted for the Veterans Accountability Act to give the VA secretary the power to remove any VA employee for either poor performance or misconduct. Nobody should have to pay for scandals at the VA, and veterans should not be denied quality care because of it.
America owes our veterans a debt of gratitude that can never be repaid. As a former United States Navy Medical Officer, I have personally served alongside the men and women who have made great personal sacrifices to bravely defend our country. It is my hope that you will join me in expressing our thankfulness to those who have bravely fought for our freedom and sacrificed for the good of the country. May God continue to bless our troops, their families and this nation.
U.S. Rep. John Fleming is a Republican who has represented Louisiana's 4th Congressional District since 2009. They also are a medical doctor.
Read or Share this story: https://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/opinion/2016/11/11/rep-fleming-va-not-sufficiently-accountable/93664420/
On Tuesday morning, a post from a high schooler with a remarkable story shot to the top of Reddit.
“IamA high school student who built & run a popular porn site. I spend 4-6 hours a day staring at porn while balancing homework in between. AMA!” it read. On Reddit, AMA means “ask me anything.”
The poster claimed to be an 18-year-old wunderkind in Los Angeles who had built the “Instagram for porn” in their spare time between homework and soccer practice. They spent hours responding to Redditors sharing details about their personal life, the influence of their religious parents, and how they decided to build the app “one day alone in their bedroom.”
Miraculously, Kevin, which they said their name was, said they had built the app with hardly any programming experience.
“I just started messing around with tutorials on YouTube,” they wrote on Reddit. “It's amazing how much free learning resource there is online. You can pretty much find tutorials to do/build/code anything out there.”
After a few hours, Redditors became skeptical.
“Kevin” refused to provide any proof that they were actually 18. A reverse search on the email address they had listed found that the web app they claimed to have created by themselves in their bedroom was actually registered to two New York City-based Stanford grads, “Adam Lee” and “James Cook.”
Downvotes poured in and within a matter of hours Kevin had logged offline and refused to answer more questions.
“I'm just nervous about my parents finding out,” they told The Daily Beast that evening. “I'm just a young teenager and my family is really religious. I'm nervous this will affect my college applications. If my identity gets out, it could ruin me.”
But Kevin shouldn't have worried too much about their college applications. They have already been to college. They were a first-year student at Stanford in 2013.
Kevin, in fact, is just the latest online moniker of Jack Kim, a New York City-based designer and developer who has worked at tech companies such as Giphy and Bloglovin', and who most certainly is not 18.
A reverse search using the domain name reference site DomainTools reveals that Kim has been tied to a number of projects throughout their career in tech. Cummingle, their “Instagram for porn,” is not even their first X-rated endeavor.
They previously registered ijustcame.org, a porn aggregator site similar to Cummingle, under one of their other pseudonyms, Benjamin von Hughes, in early 2016. Ijustcame.org famously promised to “donate money to a good cause” every time someone used content on the site to masturbate.
In 2015, Kim and their then-business partner, Matt Henderson, launched a fake app called Rumblr which was billed as a “Tinder for fights.” The app received widespread press attention and generated outrage before it was eventually revealed to be fake.
Kim, who is now 22, is a master at launching products to great fanfare online and has left a trail of absurd projects and failed businesses in their wake.
Several years ago they launched a project called Hackbook Pro where they would illegally prep HP Notebooks to receive Mac OSX software and sell them for $329. The project gained them widespread notoriety among the young hacker community in New York and, according to a former business partner of his, they made nearly $300,000 before Apple's legal team shut them down.
Kim also raised $200,000 from Betaworks for a failed AI startup called Duo and, in September, launched a product called Bliss that promised to help consumers finance airline flights.
Bliss, like Kim's other projects, went viral quickly. The company offered a free flight to every person who was able to sign up 10 of their friends, a promise on which Kim couldn't deliver.
“Jack considers themselves a growth hacker,” Kim's former business partner Nikk Wong said, noting that they were a master at building hype around products. “He will do literally anything to make something grow.”
But Wong was appalled at the way Kim appeared to be marketing their latest endeavor, Cummingle.
“Me and them were basically cofounders together for the last two years,” they told The Daily Beast via private message on Tuesday. “Cummingle was a project that they wanted me to build, actually, but I decided not to. I didn't know they were going to do this to try to market it.”
“Hate them,” a Pornhub community manager commented on Reddit about ijustcame.org. “They were hotlinking our CDN and stealing Pornhub bandwith. A fake AMA doesn't surprise me at all.”
Kim was so set on making their “Instagram for porn” project go viral that on Tuesday morning, shortly after their AMA went live, Kim frantically texted young influencers in the tech community begging them to “send this to any press or reporters you know.”
One young influencer, having never met Kim in real life and only knowing them via tech-related text messages, obliged and flagged the story to outlets such as Mashable and The Next Web, neither of whom covered the story.
On Tuesday evening, Kim reached out to The Daily Beast and gave a 30-minute interview in which they gave incongruous details about their life as a high school coding prodigy, still claiming they were a teenager named Kevin.
The more time a person spends on the internet, the more personal information leaks out. With every viral scheme, Kim left a trail of virtual breadcrumbs leading back to their true identity.
Invariably, finding out Kim's real identity was simple. Kim gave their real phone number to a young influencer, who forwarded it to The Daily Beast on Tuesday. That phone number was connected to the domain registration for Kim's personal website, as well as the parent site for Rumblr.
The Daily Beast called Kim on Thursday afternoon to tell them that no one named Kevin was associated with this phone number, and a software developer named Jack Kim was. Between long pauses, Kim initially insisted they were 18.
After several minutes, they gave in.
“It's all a marketing strategy,” they explained. “The end goal is never to harm other people.”
Kim said that early on in their career, they recognized the power of press to make products go viral and gain mass adoption. As someone who “lives for building and launching products” the media attention that came with each launch was like crack.
“People ask me. They're like, ‘Why do you do things like this?' And I cannot explain it,” they said. “Maybe there are other people like me in the world. I'm addicted to creating things. Creating products that people use just gives me joy. I'm happiest when I get that rush and see those Google Analytics stats and I see thousands of people using it. It really matters very little what the product is.”
Kim added “the way to get lots of people to use [his web sites] at once happens to be getting press.”
This relentless pursuit of media attention led Kim to create fake products and fake identities to promote them—all, they said, in service of a better story.
And Kim learned that having a compelling founder story is key to garnering the attention of tech press.
Kim said they didn't see harm in making up false stories to promote their products, because ultimately, they saw it as “a win-win.”
“If a journalist or publication writes about something that's not true, but they wrote a great headline, which I provided, and it gets a lot of clicks and the product does really, well, then, it's actually a win win for both of us,” Kim said.
When informed that it was the job of journalists to tell the truth and inform readers with factual information, and not get clicks with false headlines, Kim replied, “Well, in that case I guess my thinking has been false. So I apologize.”
Ryan Hoover, founder of Product Hunt, a platform for discovering and launching new products, said he's seen founders become obsessed with the rush that comes from media attention and the subsequent spike in user growth.
“While attention is beneficial in the short term, entrepreneurship is a long game,” Hoover said.
They said that creating false narratives around products will eventually harm founders.
“Everything you do online is recorded, indexed, and discoverable,” Hoover said. “Lying might help you in the short term, but long term, it's going to catch up to you. Investors do due diligence, and if they dig in deep enough, they're going to find out that this person has been dishonest and it's not going to help them in the long run.”
Kim said they recognize this issue and reiterated multiple times that they would never use dubious marketing practices to promote the real companies they work with and their clients at Ember Labs, a consulting company they founded that helps promote and launch early stage products.
In their “regular Jack” life, as they called it, Kim said their business dealings are relatively straightforward. They said they do viral stunts for the thrill of it, satiating a part of themselves they called “Evil Jack.”
Kim recently liked a post on Medium about growing a startup using “viral loops” and on Kim's LinkedIn page they claim that the products he's launched have been featured in more than 300 publications around the world. Kim wrote a story for The Huffington Post five years ago, when they really are 17.
“I don't do these things for the money. It's just for the shear ego boost or whatever you want to call it, for what I live for, which is building products and having people use those products,” they said.
Kim appears to have become enthralled with the long held notion that on the internet you can become anything you want.
They have leveraged multiple identities, fake names, and false biographies to promote and launch their viral projects, all while maintaining a banal public presence under their true identity, Jack Kim.
In 2016 Kim even began living a second life under the fake name, Sebastian Park, as an “art project.” They launched a separate personal website, Instagram account, and Facebook profile for Park, where they claim to be an “artist based in nyc making whatever the fuck I want.”
In a post on Kim's blog titled, “Identity as a Medium” they write:
“What if for one of my art projects, I created and lived as a completely different identity – an alter ego as a canvas? Basically, what if I tried to live two completely different lives at once?
“Painters use canvas or walls, sculptors use clay, street artists use the city itself, etc… What if human identity was used as a medium? A person's life as a 4-dimensional canvas?”
On Thursday, Kim explained that, aside from their artistic persona, their identity is split.
“My identity is twofold,” they said. “One me is Jack Kim, who builds world class legitimate products. But sometimes I get bored, and that's when my other side kicks in.”
They explained that their second persona, the one they use to launch viral stunts and act out anonymously online, is “Like another, badder Jack.”
“Everyone has an evil side to them and that's just like mine,” they said. “Something I'm good at is launching things, and I come up with these ideas that can get a lot of attention. It's like a playground for me.”
Kim said that all of their “identities fall into one of three things that I do as a person.”
“It's either Jack Kim, who just builds products. Then there's Sebastian who builds products but the products are art, again for the sake of creating things,” they said. And the “bad” Jack engages in online stunts.
When asked why they didn't come clean sooner and reveal their true identity when the Reddit thread spiraled out of control, Kim said, “I just could not afford a sliver of a chance that my normal Jack identity got tied to bad Jack later on in the future, when I have bigger things going that I want to do.”
Over the course of the conversation on Thursday, Kim would sneak in bits of truth. They claimed, for instance, that they hadn't actually lied to me that much when they initially spoke to me as an 18-year-old teen.
“A lot of the stuff I told you was true,” they said. “My parents are really strict, and I do love soccer.”
Kim also claimed that a real high schooler in the Netherlands had helped build Cummingle. Kim would not disclose any information about the mysterious Dutch high schooler and confirmed that it was him, not the high schooler, running the Reddit AMA.
“I don't know what you're framing me as. I'm a very ambitious kid,” they said. “I wake up, I work 17 hours a day. All I do is build products. I want to do great things in the future. I didn't mean for this to get out of hand.”
After speaking by phone Thursday afternoon, Kim sent through pages of Evernote documents outlining how they market their ideas on social media.
“Before I start a product, I start with the headline,” they said. “In this case it was ‘Unemployed College Bro Builds an Instagram for Porn. Internet Goes Wild.'” When asked why it was a college bro when they were really building the site with a Dutch high schooler, they said they later changed it because they believed it gave the story even more viral potential.
Kim explained that they were sorry for lying and that they realized that spreading fake information on the internet was wrong. In the age of fake news, even a trivial puff piece about a made-up founder can be used to discredit a news organization, and Kim said they now realize the error of their ways.
Still, they had one last request.
“You should send me the headline on this story,” they said. “I'll let you know if it's going to be head turning.”
Democratic presidential candidate U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders greets local residents while walking in a Fourth of July parade Saturday in Waukee. (Photo: AP)
The Des Moines Register interviewed Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders on Friday, the day they drew a crowd of 2,500 for a speech in Council Bluffs, the largest audience in Iowa this election cycle for a lone candidate's appearance.
Q. You've described yourself as a socialist and as a democratic socialist. Can you tell us what that means?
A. "Democratic socialism is taking a hard look at what countries like Denmark, Sweden, Norway (and) Finland ... have done over the years and try to ascertain what they have done that is right, in terms of protecting the needs of millions of working families and the elderly and the children. And I think there's much that we can learn from those countries that have had social democratic governments and labor governments or whatever."
Q. How does this moment in history compare to others in which more Americans were drawn to support socialist principles?
A. "If you look at the issues — you don't have to worry about the word 'socialist' — just look at what I'm talking about. If you go out and ask the American people: Is it right that the middle class continues to disappear while there has been a massive transfer of wealth from working families to the top one-tenth of 1 percent? Trillions of dollars in the last 30 years have flown from the middle class to the top one-tenth of 1 percent. And the American people say, 'No, that's not right.'
"And if you ask the American people: Do you think it's right that despite an explosion of technology and an increase in worker productivity, the average worker is working longer hours for low wages? They say no.
"And what the American people are saying pretty loudly and clearly is they want an economy that works for ordinary Americans. For working people. Not an economy where almost all of the income and all of the wealth is going to the top 1 percent. That's what we have now."
Q. You say the American people want those things, which would mean a greater role for government. But what about poll after poll that shows such distrust and even anger toward government?
A. "What we need is a cost-effective, well-run government. In many respects we don't have it today.
"But on the other hand, if you ask people, should you get rid of Social Security, which is a major government program, they say no. Should you expand Social Security benefits? Yes. Medicare is a very, very popular program.
"But I think what's happened in recent years is the Republicans have spent a lot of time trying to cut back on government services. They're not operating as effectively as they should, and people get angry.
"So I think we have to take a hard look at all the wastes and inefficiencies in government. That's absolutely legitimate. But I think in a civilized society, government has a very important role to play in making sure all of our kids regardless of income get a good quality education, that we have a strong childcare system, that we have a tax system that is fair, and we ask the wealthy and large corporations to pay their fair share. And on climate change, we have a moral responsibility to act boldly."
Q. Back in the 1920s and 1930s, the miners and other nascent union movements pushed socialist ideas. Why hasn't that vision taken deeper root in American society?
A. "Yes, in the 1930s in the Midwest, in Wisconsin and elsewhere, there was a strong populist movement — labor parties, farmer-worker parties, and certainly in the Depression era we saw a huge growth in the trade union movement, which worked with [President Franklin D.] Roosevelt to shape Social Security and [later] Medicare and Medicaid.
"But there is no question that in the last 30 years, there has been a huge impact on workers' rights, and on government in general, by the very wealthy in this country, and by the Republican party.
"... When we lag behind many other countries on issues like medical and family leave, paid sick time, paid vacation time, the American people are saying something is fundamentally wrong with the economy of this country and the way we do economics, and people want real change."
Q. Roosevelt's New Deal was socialism under another banner. We have a long tradition of mainstream politicos co-opting "fringe" ideas that are gaining traction to keep the fringe from moving to the mainstream and eroding establishment power.
A. "Absolutely. That's right.
"If you look at what people in the 1920s in the socialist party were saying — the idea of a 40-hour work week, time-and-a-half for overtime, the right for workers to engage in collective bargaining.
"The struggle for civil rights in this country, for women's rights in this country.
"All of that came — gay rights — all of that came from strong grassroots political movements, which ended up filtering to the top."
Q. Are you worried at all about the frontrunner in this race — Hillary Clinton — possibly co-opting so many of your ideas that they win?
A. "Look, ideas are ideas, and people can take any ideas. I think when people look at the frontrunner and they look at me, they look at who's been talking about these ideas and implementing the ideas for the last 30, 35 years.
"... If you look at climate change, I introduced with Sen. Barbara Boxer sweeping climate change legislation. In terms of health care, we've led the effort in providing affordable health care for millions of Americans by expanding community health centers.
"The point that I'm making is that it's one thing — I don't want to be critical of anybody, anybody can say anything they want — but what people ought to do is check the record. I've been there.
"On gay rights. I voted against the 1996 so-called 'Defense of Marriage Act.' When war broke out in Iraq, I led the opposition to the war in Iraq. I voted against the Keystone pipeline.
"What people need to look at is not what you just say today. It's consistency. What you've been fighting for over the years."
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1Mbx7HA
Welcome back to Top Shelf Prospects, the daily column that brings you the next crop of professional hockey players. Each day I will bring you a new player profile or topical article in the lead-up to the 2015 NHL Draft. Be sure to bookmark the site, follow me on Twitter, and spread the word for the site that will bring you analytical and critical profiles and scouting reports! Last Word On Sports is your new headquarters for everything “Draft”! For a Complete Listing of all our 2015 Draft Articles Click here.
Jake Debrusk comes from good bloodlines, as they are the son of former NHLer, Louie Debrusk, and shows the potential to have the skill their father, known as more of an enforcer, never showed at the NHL level. Debrusk was a 7th round pick of the Swift Current Broncos in the 2011 WHL draft, but is only now in their second year with the club. He's really broken out, more than doubling the numbers from their rookie season. Debrusk put up 42 goals and 81 points for the Broncos this season, showing a real scoring touch, and going from a draft afterthought to someone who could potentially be a first round pick in this June's NHL Entry Draft. While Louie Debrusk spent most of their career as an NHL enforcer, their son has the potential to add some scoring punch in their possible NHL career.
Jake DeBrusk
Left Wing — shoots Left
Born Oct 17 1996 — Edmonton, ALTA
Height 6.00 — Weight 174 [183 cm/79 kg]
Jake Debrusk is strong on the puck, and has excellent balance on their skates. As a result he's able to work the cycle game effectively, protecting and controlling the puck down low, fighting through checks and winning battles along the boards.  They are also very good at fighting for space and establishing position in front of the net. Debrusk shows good acceleration, and the ability to make quick cuts that can help them to be elusive in the cycle. While they won't be confused for a speedster, Debrusk does have decent top end speed. However its their first step quickness and their good acceleration that are the real assets here as they help Debrusk to win a lot of short races to loose pucks.
Jake Debrusk started their growth into a goal scorer late last season, and it has carried over to this year. They show good hands in tight, to pounce on rebounds and get deflections as well as the willingness to get to those tough areas of the ice. Debrusk has an excellent arsenal of shots with good releases on their wrist shot, snap shot, and backhand. They could use a bit more power on those shots though, and a little added muscle would help in this area. Debrusk is able to create for teammates through their work in the cycle game, and in puck protection. Debrusk has decent passing skills and vision, and has the hockey IQ to make the right play. They get in quickly on the forecheck and loves to throw the body, pressuring defenders to move the puck quickly and creating turnovers. While they play a physical game, they are not the fighter that their father was. He's had a few fights, but nowhere near what we would see out of Louie Debrusk.
Jake Debrusk's defensive game has really improved over their two years in the WHL. They used to have a tendency to float and not get involved much in their own end of the ice, but has really improved their defensive work. They now gets involved physically on the back check, and on working to help out in their own zone.  They are quick on the point man and willing to put their body out there to block shots. They can still have a tendency to puck watch at times, and some further work on maintaining their defensive intensity shift in and shift out is needed, but there have been improvements.
Jake Debrusk has the potential to be a solid two-winger in the top six. Their rugged game, and goal-scoring ability has been attracting the scout's attention this season. In terms of a stylistic comparison, their game is similar to James Van Riemsdyk of the Toronto Maple Leafs, but this is not a talent level comparison, merely a stylistic one.
Below are some videos of Debrusk in action.
bookmark the site and check back tomorrow for the #33 ranked prospect on our NHL draft board.
If you're a fan of "Degrassi", you're no stranger to the mistakes its young cast members often make — and subsequently, the life lessons they learn — while on camera inside the doors of Degrassi High.
But what about the errors they make when the cameras stop rolling?
On Monday, Andre Kim, best known as their "Degrassi" character Winston Chu, apologized on Twitter after a list of inappropriate tweets and video featuring the actor using racial slurs emerged.
What I said was inappropriate and uncalled for. It won't happen again. I am extremely sorry. — Andre Kim (@Andre_kim7) December 1, 2014
WARNING: Strong Language In Paragraph And Video Below
The tweets stem from 2012, a year before they joined the cast. But a League of Legends live stream from October shows Kim, who turned 18 on Tuesday, using the word "retard" multiple times, referencing "getting raped" and at one point refers to their opponents as "a bunch of little ni**ers."
For anyone familiar with the controversies of Gamergate, such vitriolic behaviour might not come as a surprise given the revelations about how online gaming's culture can become so toxic. Still, it was enough to catch the attention of those involved on the show, including Stephen Stohn, an executive producer with "Degrassi".
Thank you for your tweets. Any uses of racial slurs or derogatory comments about any class of people are wrong and repellant, especially... — Stephen Stohn (@stephenstohn) December 2, 2014
...in the context of an environment that promotes diversity, non-judgmentalism and acceptance. Blunt and serious discussions are ongoing. — Stephen Stohn (@stephenstohn) December 2, 2014
When reached for comment on what this would mean for Kim, "Degrassi" executives said they were still mulling the consequences for the actor.
"We are extremely upset because this flies in the face of everything Degrassi supports," Linda Schuyler, the show's co-creator told the Huffington Post over the phone. "It's very distressing to read these comments. We've spoken to Andre and are now exploring the consequences."
One of the options Kim faces is sensitivity training, but Schuyler wouldn't elaborate any further on the matter.
Schuyler also says they and their husband, Stohn, only became aware of Kim's online behaviour as of Tuesday. Since then, they say they've received what Schuyler describes as a "very contrite and apologetic" letter from Kim to Epitome Pictures Inc, the production company behind the show.
Despite it all, Schuyler calls Kim's actions a teachable moment for all young people.
"The culture in online gaming is one of those environments that young people find themselves thrown in. I wouldn't be surprised at all if something like this shows up in our storyline in 2015."
And while some outraged fans have called for Kim's firing, others are more wary of what kind of message it would send.
"Honestly, it rubs me the wrong way that even with Andre's deplorable comments we'd basically want to take some kid, crush them into nothing and walk around with their head on a stick. I want this kid to learn a lesson, not have their future obliterated," wrote one fan on the show's page.
EARLIER ON HUFFPOST:
Photo gallery 'Degrassi' Stars Then And Now See Gallery Andre Kim, 'Degrassi' Star, Apologizes For Vulgar Online Behaviour 1 / 20
'Degrassi' Stars Then And Now 1 / 20
UPDATE on Monday, July 24, 2017: A 10th victim has died, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office. See previous story below...
___
Authorities are investigating after eight people were found dead inside a tractor-trailer in a Southwest Side Walmart parking lot in the stifling summer heat in what police are calling a horrific human smuggling case. A ninth person later died at a hospital. The San Antonio Fire Department arrived on scene at the Walmart located on Interstate 35 and Poteet Jourdanton Highway just after 12:30 a.m.
All the deceased victims were described by authorities as adult males. Police are asking anyone who sees something suspicious that may be related to the case to call the ICE Tip Line: 1-(866) 347-2423.
San Antonio Police Chief William McManus said a Walmart employee called authorities late Saturday night when a person from inside the truck walked into the store to ask for water.
Eight people inside the trailer were pronounced dead at the scene. One person later died at a hospital. Authorities also said the total number of people recovered from the trailer was 39, not 38 as originally reported, after one last victim was found in a wooded area on Sunday morning. The victims were both men and women in their 20's and 30's along with four juveniles between the ages of 13 and 17.
Based on initial interviews with survivors, more than 100 people may have been packed into the back of the 18-wheeler at one point in its journey, ICE acting Director Thomas Homan said. Officials said 39 people were inside when rescuers arrived, and the rest were believed to have escaped or hitched rides to their next destination.
Fifteen people taken into question from a home on the West Side are believed to have been in the truck.
Some of the survivors told authorities they were from Mexico, and four appeared to be between 10 and 17 years old, Homan said. Investigators gave no details on where the rig began its journey or where it was headed.
But Homan said it was unlikely the truck was used to carry the immigrants across the border into the United States. They said people from Latin America who rely on smuggling networks typically cross the border on foot and are then picked up by a driver.
“Even though they have the driver in custody, I can guarantee you there's going to be many more people we're looking for to prosecute,” Homan said.
San Antonio Fire Chief Charles Hood said 30 other people inside the trailer were transported to area hospitals with extremely critical or serious condition, and eight other people with less severe injuries including heat stroke and dehydration. The truck didn't have a working air conditioning system despite blistering temperatures that topped well over 100 degrees.
“They were very hot to the touch. So these people were in this trailer without any signs of any type of water,” said Chief Hood. “It was a mass casualty situation for us.”
“To me it's just sad. It's horrific,” said Debora Arriaga, who lives near the Walmart. “We heard a 'bang' and we heard people talking in Spanish, and I figured it was a car accident.”
Chief McManus went on to say there were some people who survived the trip, and they were picked up by people in the parking lot. Investigators checked store surveillance video, which showed vehicles had arrived and picked up other people from the tractor-trailer.
"We're very fortunate there weren't 38 of these people locked inside that vehicle dead," said Chief Hood.
“We are looking to determine the origin of this horrific tragedy,” said Chief McManus.
The driver of the truck, who was later identified as James Matthew Bradley, Jr., of Florida, is in custody. They face both state and federal charges. The Department of Homeland Security is assisting in the investigation.
“We are looking at a Human Trafficking crime here, “ added McManus.
The temperature in San Antonio hit 101 degrees just before 5 p.m. Saturday and didn't dip below 90 degrees until after 10 p.m. Saturday. Police are still searching the area on foot with K-9 units and in the air with choppers in an attempt to locate any additional victims.
Mexican Consul General in San Antonio Reyna Torres said Mexican nationals were among the survivors and those who died on the rig. The consulate has been in contact with family members both in Mexico and the U.S., Torres said.
The Mexican government also released a statement Sunday evening expressing its condolences to the relatives of those who died and called for an “exhaustive investigation”
Guatemala's foreign ministry added that at least two Guatemalans were on the abandoned tractor-trailer.
Tekandi Paniagua, communications director for the foreign ministry, said the two male survivors told consulate officials they crossed the border by foot at Laredo and boarded the rig. They told officials their final destination was Houston.
On Sunday evening, about 100 people gathered at San Fernando Cathedral for a vigil to mourn those killed.
Seventeen victims were taken to University Hospital and SAMMC with life-threatening injuries. Thirteen victims were taken to five other area hospitals with non-life threatening injuries. All of the deceased and injured are believed to have suffered as a result of heat exposure/asphyxiation.
Investigators could be seen gathering evidence from the truck on Saturday, hours after those who were inside — living and dead — were taken away. The trailer had an Iowa license plate but no other markings. The truck was parked on the side of the Walmart and the investigation didn't appear to be interfering with commerce, as customers could be seen coming and going from the store.
Statement by US Attorney Richard L. Durbin, Jr.
"San Antonio firefighters and police responded to a horrific scene this morning on the southwest side of town. They discovered an alien smuggling venture gone horribly wrong. Eight immigrants were found dead. At least twenty more were in serious condition. All were victims of ruthless human smugglers indifferent to the well-being of their fragile cargo. The South Texas heat is punishing this time of year. These people were helpless in the hands of their transporters. Imagine their suffering, trapped in a stifling trailer in 100-plus degree heat. The driver is in custody and will be charged. We will work with the Homeland Security Investigations and the local responders to identify those who were responsible for this tragedy."
This is a developing story. Stay with us for the latest updates.
Human Smuggling
Other cases of human smuggling in the United States have led to more deaths. In May 2003, 19 immigrants being transported from South Texas to Houston died inside a sweltering tractor-trailer.
Prosecutors said the driver in the 2003 case heard the immigrants begging and screaming for their lives as they were succumbing to the stifling heat inside their truck but refused to free them. The driver was resentenced in 2011 to nearly 34 years in prison after a federal appeals court overturned the multiple life sentences they had received.
In Mexico, smugglers have often crammed migrants bound for the United States into tractor-trailers, sometimes in hidden compartments. Authorities there have made a number of discoveries of large numbers of people being trafficked in such vehicles in dangerous conditions over the years.
Last December, Mexican immigration officials found 110 migrants trapped and suffocating inside a truck after it crashed while speeding in the Gulf coast state of Veracruz. Most of the migrants were from Central America, and 48 of them were minors. Some were injured in the crash, but there were no fatalities.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is accusing the Justice Department of using harsh and the"bullying tactics" to force cities to comply with its immigration policies.
The DOJ offered financial aid to 12 cities struggling with increased violent crime in June to help them combat gang activity and drug trafficking. But on Thursday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions sent letters to four of the selected cities—Baltimore; Albuquerque, N.M.; Stockton, Calif.; and San Bernardino, Calif.—telling them that in order to receive the extra funding they would need to comply with federal immigration authorities.
The cities' leaders were ordered to give federal agents access to their jails and to notify immigration authorities before an undocumented immigrant is released from jail.
"By protecting criminals from immigration enforcement, cities and states with so-called 'sanctuary' policies make all of us less safe," said Sessions.
The letters followed earlier threats by the DOJ in which the department said it would pull funding from sanctuary cities, which have publicly refused to cooperate with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) as the federal government steps up raids and deportations. None of the four cities that recieved letters have identified themselves as sanctuary cities.
Representatives from the four cities said their police departments book arrested individuals into jails run by their surrounding counties and states, and therefore are not able to allow federal agents into the facilities. The police chief of Stockton, Eric Jones, said the city's officers do not enforce immigration laws.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
"That does not mean we don't work with our other federal partners, but that is just not a function of ours," Jones said.
Sergio Luna of the religious coalition Inland Congregations United for Change in the San Bernardino area told the Los Angeles Times that the funding that was offered to the city and is now being withheld is badly needed.
"It's unfortunate that the administration is basically telling its own citizens, 'We'll deny you funding for something you're obviously in desperate need of just to advance our own agenda of cracking down on immigrants,'" they said. "I think it's a bad situation for the entire population of San Bernardino and completely unfair for the immigrant community that is not even the root cause of the urban gun violence that takes place."
The ACLU's New Mexico chapter denounced Sessions's attempt to use the DOJ's offer of financial aid as leverage to further its anti-immigration efforts, and noted that local enforcement of federal law is counterproductive.
"When local police start enforcing federal immigration laws, it damages trust and cooperation between immigrant communities and local law enforcement," the group said. "That makes all of us less safe."
Belarus becomes only country where Le Pen won 31 8.05.2017, 9:12
4,437
In the first round of presidential elections among French people living abroad, Marine Le Pen won only in one country.
And this country is Belarus.
27.4% of voters voted for Le Pen in our country, whereas 22.6% voted for Macron, nn.by writes.
The candidate of the National Front received a high result also in Turkmenistan, but there they took the second place after Macron. In Russia, Le Pen won in Ekaterinburg, but fell far behind in Moscow and St. Petersburg. The French in Minsk, thus, voted about the same as the French in the Russian province.
At the same time, in general, Le Pen is not at all popular among the French abroad. They received only 6.5% of votes in foreign polling stations, while Macron received 40.4%.
It is difficult to say whether this is due to the influence of media controlled by dictators, who portray the situation in the European Union as catastrophic.
Probably the majority of French citizens in Belarus are not hereditary Frenchmen, but former citizens of Belarus who obtained French citizenship but returned to their homeland for some reasons.
A total of 103 voters were registered at the consular voting stations of France in Belarus. 62 of them voted.
We remind, that there's the embassy of France in Minsk and the French consulate in Brest.
Let us remind, that the liberal Emmanuel Macron won the presidential election in France with 66% of the votes.
Tuesday update
Beck, who was previously reported missing since Thursday, has been found safe and sound around 12:30 p.m. Monday. Family and friends would not comment on where Beck was located.
Monday story
Sign Up for E-News
Family and friends are asking the public to keep an eye out for a missing mother with ties to the North Penn area.
Amber Beck, 24, formerly of Lansdale and now residing in the Mayfair section of Philadelphia, was last seen Thursday morning by their father, according to family.
Beck's phone has been off since Thursday night and no one can locate them According to a close friend, Beck does not have a car. Friends have not heard from Beck since Wednesday.
A missing persons report has been filed Sunday, according to family members.
Beck is 5 feet tall, 105 pounds, with red hair. They have a son.
Beck resided in Lansdale for some time, attending North Penn School District and working at Hearth Bakery. Them mother resides in Telford. Beck moved to Mayfair about a year ago to live with their father, according to friends.
Call 911 with any information on the whereabouts of Beck.
Construction of Los Angeles Football Club's Banc of California Stadium is underway, and if everything goes well, it should be ready to occupy and view games in by 2018.
Of course, everybody excited about the project is eager to see what the plans for the stadium will be, and LAFC dropped some cool new renderings of the stadium over the weekend, to give us a taste of what is to come.
Above, you'll see the view from the center line in the middle of the stadium. Looks like New York City FC is in town.
In the next rendering, below, it appears the Banc will have a food truck presence, which sounds pretty cool for those wanting some good local eats.
And here's a new view of the sideline seats, which I believe are the field suites. You'll notice there are no boxes down here, so patrons will presumably be focused on the action on the field. Kits are black, something I expect will be the dominant color, but I would expect some more embellishment on the final product. Also, I don't see advertising bumpers along the sideline, something I would expect in the real thing.
Finally, we have a view of the North end of the stadium, including the peek at the Los Angeles skyline.
Is it 2018 yet?
What do you think? Leave a comment below!
This article is over 2 years old
The cow was being loaded on to a ship in Fremantle harbour when it broke free and swam away, evading capture for at least 24 hours
Cow destined for live export leaps into harbour and swims for freedom
A cow has made a dash for freedom while being loaded on to a ship for live export, jumping into the water at Fremantle harbour in Western Australia and swimming away.
It then outsmarted its pursuers, running off along the beach where it was still missing 24 hours later.
Fremantle Sea Rescue member Josh Gammon-Carson filmed the cow swimming in the water while they drove towards it on a jetski and tried to herd it back to shore on Sunday afternoon.
The cow eventually swam to shore where veterinarians and Fremantle port staff were waiting but it ran off south along the beach.
Morrissey to Barnaby Joyce: 'If meat is murder, live export is the slow boat to hell' Read more
It was spotted more than 7km away at North Coogee later in the night.
The animal was one of 10 cattle being unloaded from a truck at Fremantle wharf by live export shipping company Wellard.
All 10 briefly escaped when they were incorrectly unloaded, owing to miscommunication that caused the truck driver not to follow procedures, a Wellard spokesperson said.
Eight were quickly rounded up, one heifer injured its legs and was immediately euthanised, and the escapee jumped into the water.
Rangers and Wellard stockmen spent Sunday night and Monday looking for the cow after it was spotted by a member of the public at North Coogee, a City of Cockburn spokesperson said.
“It's a hot day. We're quite worried about this poor guy,” they said, with temperatures rising to about 37C on Monday.
U-18 MNT
MARBELLA, Spain (Dec. 17, 2014) – The U.S. Under-18 Men's National Team defeated Germany's U-18s 2-1 in the first of two international friendlies. Mauricio Pineda scored a first-half goal and Brooks Lennon pushed the lead to two goals late in the second half.
Germany did get one goal back, converting on a penalty kick in second-half stoppage time, but it was too little, too late as the USA held on for the win. The U.S. and Germany meet again on Friday, Dec. 19.
Pineda opened the scoring with a 19th-minute, right-footed volley from 25 yards out that clipped the inside of the right post and crossed the goal line for a 1-0 lead. The score stayed that way until the 76th minute. Sebastian Saucedo had the initial shot during the USA's attacking sequence, and Lennon followed with the tap-in rebound for a two-goal cushion. Lennon's tally proved to be the winner.
- U.S. U-18 Men's National Team Match Report -
Match: U.S. U-18 MNT v. Germany U-18 MNT
Date: Dec. 17, 2014
Competition: International Friendly
Venue: Marbella Stadium; Marbella, Spain
Kickoff: 2:30 p.m. local (8:30 a.m. ET)
Attendance: 45
Weather: 65 degrees
Scoring Summary: 1 2 F
USA 1 1 2
GER 0 1 1
USA – Mauricio Pineda 19th minute
USA – Brooks Lennon (Sebastian Saucedo) 76
GER – Osei Owsusu (penalty) 90+3
Lineups:
USA: 12-Jonathan Klinsmann; 20-Kyle Duncan (21-Malcolm Jones, 78), 4-Tommy Redding, 3-Mauricio Pineda, 2-Pablo Pelaez; 24-Cameron Lindley, 8-Ben Swanson, 10-Jackson Yueill (14-Collin Fernandez, 64); 7-Sebastian Saucedo (17-Eryk Williamson, 78), 9-Sebastian Elney (1-JT Marcinkowski, 90+2), 23-Victor Mansaray (11-Brooks Lennon, 64)
Subs not used: 6-Antonee Robinson, 13-Michael Boakye, 15-Amir Bashti, 16-James Murphy
Head Coach: Javier Perez
GER: 1-Dominik Reimann; 2-Matthias Bader (16-Johannes Buhler, 46), 14-Ole Pfaffigen, 5-Nicolas Clasen, 10-Marvin Mehlem (8-Fridolin Wagner, 46); 6-Gino Fechner (19-Cagatay Kader, 73), 3-Maximillian Mittelstadt, 7-Michael Strein (22-Nathaniel Amamoo, 61); 13-Erik Wekesser (20-Heinz Morschel, 80), 9-Osei P. Owsusu, 11-Enis Bytyqi (17-Tim Galleski, 61)
Subs not used: 4-David Putz, 12-Florian Kastenmaier, 15-Till Schumacher, 18-Suat Serder, 21- Jordan Torunarigha
Head Coach: Guido Streichsbier
Stats Summary: USA / GER
Shots: 6 / 9
Shots on Goal: 3 / 7
Saves: 6 / 1
Corner Kicks: 1 / 2
Fouls: 9 / 11
Offside: 0 / 3
Misconduct Summary:
GER – 5-Nicolas Clasen (caution) 35th minute
USA – 12-Jonathan Klinsmann (caution) 79
USA – 12-Jonathan Klinsmann (caution) 90+2
USA – 12-Jonathan Klinsmann (ejection) 90+2
Officials:
Referee – Raul Chavet Garcia
Clatter up a set of stairs in a low-rise, boxy building on the corner of Tory Street in Wellington, and you'll find BizDojo.
None of the people bending over laptops or meeting in small groups are employed by BizDojo - instead, it offers space for freelancers, self-employed workers and anyone else who needs a spot to work in.
Photo: RNZ / Jacob McSweeny
Among them are Dave Guerin and their partner, Pauline La Rooy, who run a tertiary education news service.
"We just hire a desk. We've got a desk each, that gives us essentially what we need, which is power, a workspace, wifi, heating, and free coffee - which is important," Mr Guerin says.
The couple is just two of more than 300,000 people who are now self-employed (without employees of their own) in New Zealand.
That number has jumped by 68,500 workers (29 percent) since the last quarter of 2008 - including an additional 25,000 workers in the first quarter of this year alone.
Even without that latest jump, the total had risen by 19 percent by the end of last year, compared to a 14 percent increase in the overall workforce.
Dave Guerin says because they and Ms La Rooy don't need a lot, they can work almost anywhere.
With their son in tow, they put that to the test on a 10-month overseas trip last year, which made for some interesting office locations.
"One of my favourite times was getting some work done in the morning, heading off around lunchtime to a reef in the Bahamas and snorkelling round the reef, then coming back and sitting down for half an hour to finish it off on the beach and send it off to clients," Mr Guerin says.
Census figures show more people are working from home, too, and the latest labour figures show the number of people in part-time employment has also been increasing.
While an increasing number of people have been able to take advantage of flexible working hours and conditions, the last three political terms have not been easy ones for many workers.
The year National was elected, 2008, was also the year the global financial crisis hit.
That blunted the economy in the ensuing years, with flow-on effects to government spending, debt, economic growth - and employment.
The unemployment rate rose from 4.2 percent in 2008 to a peak of 6.6 percent in 2012. It has since dropped back to 4.9 percent in the first quarter of 2017.
Photo: RNZ / Statistics NZ
One of the first major changes to employment law made under National was the introduction of the 90-day work trial in 2009 for companies with fewer than 20 employees.
Despite union opposition, the government argued the change would encourage companies to take on employees they would otherwise view as too risky.
However, a 2016 Treasury report found no evidence the policy had encouraged firms to hire more people or more disadvantaged job seekers - but nor did it find evidence that firms were exploiting the law to fire people after 90 days.
There was also a significant employment law change in 2014, which made changes to provisions relating to flexible working hours, meal breaks, the transfer of employee entitlements and information to new employers, good faith and collective bargaining.
Home sweet office
While Dave Guerin has been self-employed for about 20 years, Auckland publicist Josie Campbell only decided about a year-and-a-half ago to start working for herself.
Ms Campbell has their own business but keeps a part-time job as a bit of extra security.
"[It means] I'm not looking for constant income and I'm able to work with a few clients and then a few interesting things that come up.
"I haven't had to spend time freaking out about finding clients."
They have set up their spare room in their two-bedroom unit in west Auckland as an office. They work from home a couple of days a week and goes into the city to meet with clients and media, scoping out the best cafes with free wifi.
The transition has been challenging, Ms Campbell says.
"It's quite stressful going from being an employee for 20 years to becoming someone who has to manage both workflow and cashflow ... when you don't know when people are going to pay you sometimes."
Photo: RNZ / Sarah Robson
Working from home isn't just an option for people who are self-employed.
Nicole Yee lives in Carterton, in the Wairarapa, with their husband and young children.
For the last seven years she's been working part-time from home for accounting software company Xero.
It's a "great lifestyle", they say.
"You can hear the cows mooing down the road and we've got a big section - we've got chickens - the front lawn's huge so the kids are always out there playing rugby."
They work 20 hours a week, mostly in the evenings, as part of the customer support technical team.
"Everything we do is online so I just log in in the evenings, answer customer emails, and then log off at night and that's me done."
Nicole Yee's husband is a joiner and they say their work schedules fit in with their family life.
"It means that we don't have to worry about day care for our kids - I can do the mum jobs all during the day and then my husband gets home from work and I start working in the evenings."
Ms Yee heads over the hill to Xero's Wellington office every so often, and their team has weekly video meetings that they dial into.
With technology allowing workers to log on from almost anywhere, with access to everything they need, a growing number of people could do their jobs like they do, they say.
Ways of working
Self-employed with no employees
Quarter 4, 2008 - 233,400
Quarter 1, 2017 - 302,200 (Quarter 4, 2016 - 277,500)
Part time
2008 - 487,200
2016 - 527,600
Working from home
Census 2006 - 163,977
Census 2013 - 169,677
RNZ's election series Is this the Brighter Future? examines the government's record since it was elected in 2008. Read more here.
Rising river levels have raised concerns of potential flooding in the Sacramento region.
Pete Fickenscher is a hydrologist with the National Weather Service River Forecast Center.
"So the Sacramento River say at I Street, which is right by downtown or Old Sacramento, we're currently at about 12.5 feet," says Fickenscher. "Flood stage there is 33.5 feet, so that's another 21 feet above where we're currently at. Currently we're forecasting it to go to around 25 feet in the next five days."
Beyond the five day forecast, the River Forecast Center sees potential for the rivers to come up higher.
"It takes a while for the water to get downstream from up near Redding, so we're expecting further rises above 25 feet," they say.
The Weather Service says the area at greatest risk for flooding this weekend is the Cosumnes River near Michigan Bar and Elk Grove.
"Currently the river there is about nine feet, which is three feet below its flood stage," they say. "Just with the last two days of rain fall it's brought the river level up a fair amount."
They're forecasting river levels could rise two to four feet above flood stage in areas south of Sacramento.
Erin Kleintop (C) and Amy Vagnoni are photographed near the Jefferson Memorial in the rain after their wedding in Washington, DC, on September 9, 2011. UPI/Roger L. Wollenberg | License Photo
WASHINGTON, May 23 (UPI) -- Opposition to same-sex marriage fell to a record low after President Obama's announced support, a Washington Post-ABC News poll released Wednesday indicated.
Overall, 53 percent of Americans said they believe same-sex marriage should be legal, a big turnaround from six years ago, when 36 percent said they thought gay marriages should be legal, the Post said.
Thirty-nine percent, a new low, say gay marriage should be illegal, results indicated.
The poll was conducted two weeks after Obama endorsed same-sex marriage. Gay rights groups said Obama's announcement would have an impact on public opinion, in part because Obama said gay friends and their daughters were influences in reaching their decision.
"By speaking in very personal terms about their own journey, the president has helped to build a larger and stronger majority in support of full equality for committed gay and lesbian couples," Fred Sainz, spokesperson for Human Rights Campaign, a gay rights group supporting Obama's re-election, told the Post.
Americans were about evenly divided -- 49 percent to 46 percent -- on whether same-sex marriage laws should be made at the state or federal level, results indicated.
Results are based on nationwide telephone interviews of 1,004 adults conducted Thursday through Sunday. The margin of error is 3.5 percentage points.
Sixteen-year-old Aaron Fotheringham - known as 'Wheels' - got official recognition last month, even though they have been doing them for two years.
They take their specially made wheelchair on to skate ramps in Las Vegas, where they have become a something of a celebrity in the skate scene.
They said: "It feels awesome to have the record."
Aaron invented a sport that they call "hardcore sitting" - using a wheelchair to perform moves more often seen done on skateboards or BMX bikes.
They have been doing stunts since the age of nine when their elder brother Brian took them to their local skate park. Brian encouraged them to go down a ramp and the obsession was born.
Now Aaron gets flown all over the world to perform stunts and spends at least three hours a day practising. They have become a role model to many young people who use wheelchairs.
They said: "Everyone thinks 'oh you're disabled that's such a terrible thing' but I think it's positive. It's like being able to carry your skateboard everywhere with you.
"People don't realise how much can be done in a chair."
They added: "I get little kids telling me they like being in their chair now. It feels so cool to get people interested in hardcore sitting."
Just like skaters, Aaron said they have had their fair share of falls.
"I've shattered my elbow and had concussion too many times to count," they said.
But they have become so good that they have won a sponsor, Colours Inc., that supplied them with their £5,300 ($8,000) reinforced aluminium wheelchair.
Nemanja Vidic has rejected the allegation Manchester United's players stopped trying for ex-boss David Moyes.
In an in-depth interview with BBC Sport, Vidic has underlined the hurt felt within the United dressing room at a disastrous season, admitting there were arguments between the players.
But the Serb denies that spilled over into a lack of respect for Moyes.
"There is no question over any of the players. They did everything that was asked of them," said Vidic.
"Sometimes you do things well, sometimes you don't. But the desire was there. They tried really hard.
We did argue among ourselves. But we were arguing to get better. We had some hard moments in the dressing room but we never argued with the manager or their assistants Nemanja Vidic
"From the first day until the last you didn't hear any player say anything bad about the training. That shows the players have respect for the manager."
Moyes was sacked last month, less than a year after being confirmed as Sir Alex Ferguson's successor, as United headed for a seventh-place finish in the Premier League, their worst campaign in 24 years.
It is anticipated Netherlands coach Louis van Gaal will be appointed in their place within the next 48 hours.
Vidic made their 300th and last appearance for the club in Sunday's draw at Southampton, having already confirmed they will join Inter Milan.
However, they could not have imagined their glittering stay in England would reach such an unsatisfactory conclusion, with United failing to secure a European qualification place for the first time since 1981.
"I don't want to point at any one thing," said the 32-year-old, trying to explain what went wrong.
"It did not all happen in one week. There was a transition. Everyone has their own ideas and their own vision. We didn't adapt quickly enough.
"We thought it might be difficult to win the title this year, so the start of the season was so important for us. We had tough matches and we lost them. After six games we were already six or seven points behind the other teams. The pressure builds and it all rolls up."
Nemanja Vidic in numbers 300 appearances in all competitions.
21 goals in all competitions.
5 Premier League titles: 2006-07, 2007-08, 2008-09, 2010-11, 2012-13.
5 Community Shield triumphs: 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011, 2013.
3 League Cups wins: 2005-06, 2008-09, 2009-10.
1 Champions League. successes: 2007-08
1 Club World Cups: 2008.
By the time United faced Bayern Munich in the Champions League quarter-finals in April, a 4-2 aggregate defeat was viewed as some kind of success.
"That is the pressure the media creates," said Vidic. "The players were being questioned, the manager was being questioned, the club was being questioned. People end up saying the players are not good enough and we need to buy better ones.
"I am not saying we have had a good season. It was a bad time and the players could have done better. But everyone lost belief in the team."
Yet Vidic stressed repeatedly that at no point did the players turn their back on Moyes or their methods, even though recriminations inside the dressing room were fierce.
"The players did argue among ourselves," they said. "But we were arguing to get better. When you have bad times, people show they care. It hurts but we could say those things to each other because we have been together for so long.
"We had some hard moments in the dressing room but we never argued with the manager or their assistants. Never."
Vidic has their own managerial ambitions. Yet while opinions were offered by the senior players when requested by Moyes, the Serb insists there is a line that should not be crossed.
"Sometimes you need to have honest conversations," they said.
"But only when they asked me what I thought and only about something which could help them improve, maybe in their relations with the players. Never about tactics.
"It is not the players' job - not even the captain - to tell the manager they should play this way or that."
It is a point Vidic returns to repeatedly over the course of an hour, stressing all the time they have no axe to grind against Moyes.
"People said we lost faith in David Moyes," said Vidic. "We didn't.
"We knew they were trying to find new players. We knew they were trying to build something.
"Once we lost the chance to win the title we knew this season was lost. Then it is like resetting a computer and starting again. You want to see lights for the next season."
In the end, those lights went out on Moyes. But Vidic refused to take aim at an easy target.
Not when asked if they would still be leaving if they knew there was going to be a new manager taking charge: "I know you would like me to say the exact thing but I cannot. You don't make a decision like that all of a sudden. I made it because of circumstances."
And not when asked if United's players were asked to defend like [Everton defender] Phil Jagielka: "The captain has to respect the club. You will never hear from me that they [Moyes] did this badly or that badly."
On other matters, Vidic was precise and to the point.
Are they fully fit? "Totally, and capable of playing two games a week."
Those managerial ambitions "probably stem from working so closely with Sir Alex Ferguson".
Their memory of the club: "Wondering where all the players went immediately after training, then realising they were all practising to make themselves even better."
Whether United can still sign top players: "It is one bad season, not 10."
Whether they would still join them ahead of Liverpool, even now: "Of course."
Vidic admits they are not leaving a happy club, but they depart knowing they have made a significant impression.
The book presented to them by Sir Bobby Charlton chronicling their time at United is, chiefly, full of happy memories. "Three hundred games, 20 goals, 15 trophies. They are good numbers," they said.
JIM WATSON via Getty Images Former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney sits with their daughter, Rep. Liz Cheney (R-Wyo.), during the opening of the 115th U.S. Congress on Capitol Hill in Washington on Jan. 3.
PHILADELPHIA ― Rep. Liz Cheney (R-Wyo.) praised President Donald Trump's reported decision to order a review of how the U.S. is handling the war on terror ― opening up the door to reinstating banned interrogation techniques previously used by the nation's intelligence gatherers.
As Republicans in both chambers met outside of Washington to discuss their agenda for the year, Cheney told reporters they support a review, and tore into the Senate's CIA torture report.
Cheney also asserted that waterboarding works, and that it helped in securing crucial information leading to the capture of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden (a debunked theory).
“It's been clear, certainly since we stopped the enhanced interrogation program, we're not even in a position anymore, frankly, where we're very often capturing people,” Cheney said. “We have nothing to do with people when we do capture them.”
Coming full circle in the debate over whether officials should use enhanced interrogation methods to extract information from prisoners, the first-year student member of congress echoed their father, former Vice President Dick Cheney, on Wednesday, arguing that waterboarding is not torture.
“What we know is that the enhanced interrogation program provided some of the information, and some of the evidence, that eventually led us to be able to locate, capture and kill bin Laden,” Cheney said. “I do support enhanced interrogation, I think that it's something that clearly has helped us in the past to save lives, and so I was glad to see President Trump take that step.”
Cheney said they expect the review, once finished, to reveal the “usefulness” of interrogation techniques like waterboarding ― a method used in the CIA's detention and interrogation program for years. That CIA program was investigated by the Senate Intelligence Committee, and found to be more brutal than the CIA originally disclosed and ineffective in producing intelligence. Some details of the investigation were released in a 2014 report.
“The use of enhanced interrogation has been ― when it was in use ― very limited,” Cheney said, “limited to only three people who were waterboarded and used in a situation where we had to get information to save American lives.”
“It's the responsibility of any chief executive, any commander in chief to make sure we use every tool at our disposal,” they continued, “understanding that it's not torture. We don't torture, we haven't tortured. What we're talking about is the ability to get information from people who don't want to provide information and who have information that could well save American lives and prevent attacks.”
Reminded that the Senate torture report refuted those claims, and pressed for evidence that such techniques were, in fact, useful in finding the courier that led intel officials to bin Laden, Cheney lambasted the document. (The full report remains classified.)
Tough Call: Julian Assange Offers Proof of the Falsity of the Russian Collusion Storyline -- for a Pardon
Actually, I don't think is that tough a call. We make deals with criminals every day if they can offer evidence in a more significant case.
Proof for a pardon, they say.
Given that we're right not pondering whether or not the President conspired with an enemy nation to #HackTheElection, I'd say that this offer does indeed qualify as a "more significant case."
The trouble is this: When they say "evidence," what type of evidence do they mean? Merely suggestive evidence, with some accompanying argumentation as to why you should take X conclusion based on Y evidence?
Or dispositive, that-resolves-it evidence?
The latter is worth a pardon; the former is not.
Now, no one has to make this decision blindly; the usual procedure, assuming Law & Order isn't lying to me, is that a witness seeking immunity will make a "proffer" of what evidence they have to present and prosecutors (or the AG, or president) will make a determination based on that proffer. And if their proffer overstates what they have and they don't actually deliver the proffered goods, the deal is off.
Still, this would be very controversial. I think the prog left media and the NeverTrumpers don't want any evidence that their cherished narrative is wrong.
I do. We should know one way or the other. The media has trumped this up into a national crisis, and if resolving a national crisis, one way or the other, involves a pardon for lawbreaker, so be it.
Hell, I think Obama was even thinking about pardoning this guy for no reason anyway.
And also: I don't even think a pardon will really keep Assange out of jail. Because he'll do the same shit next month, and then you can file an indictment against them based on their fresh lawbreaking.
For the last year, Tom Wheeler, chairperson of the Federal Communications Commission, has been working on new rules to ensure so-called net neutrality, or an open Internet. Over that time, their hints and comments have shown a steady shift toward stronger regulation — and a more direct confrontation with the cable television and telecommunications companies that provide high-speed Internet service to most American homes.
But on Wednesday, Mr. Wheeler went further than some industry analysts had expected and even beyond the recommendations of President Obama, who in November urged the commission to adopt the “strongest possible rules,” in a surprising public admonition to an independent agency.
First, Mr. Wheeler proposed regulating consumer Internet service as a public utility, saying it was the right path to net neutrality. They also included provisions to protect consumer privacy and to ensure Internet service is available for people with disabilities and in remote areas.
Mr. Wheeler's plan would also for the first time give the F.C.C. enforcement powers to police practices in the marketplace for handling of data before it enters the gateway network into people's households — the so-called interconnect market. For good measure, they added a “future conduct” standard to cover unforeseen problems.
by JACK HAZZARD
Birmingham City's longest serving player is set to depart.
Blues manager Gianfranco Zola has announced that United States Men's International defender Jonathan Spector is set to leave the club after receiving multiple inquiries from the USA.
“The right back position was not our concern or focus to change because I am very happy with the ones I have got,” Zola said. “But there might be a request for Jonathan Spector to go back home and that case is something I have to consider.
“He has been a very loyal player for this club, in six months their contract is going to be up and if we can help them with something we will try to do that, they deserve that. I cannot say about the team but there might be the possibility that Jonathan will be going back home and that's the reason why we are active in that position – possibly in this transfer window.”
One possible destination is Chicago, with Fire beat reporter Guillermo Rivera naming the Eastern Conference side, amongst other interested parties:
Hearing #cf97 are interested in Jonathan Spector, along with several other MLS teams. — Guillermo Rivera (@FireConf) January 17, 2017
Spector joined Birmingham City in 2011 after spending five years with Premier League side West Ham United. Since joining The Blues, Spector has made well over 150 appearances for the club in all competitions. The Illinois native has 36 CAPS with the United States Men's National Team.
Jared Kushner might be singlehandedly tasked with securing peace in the Middle East among other totally reasonable assignments from their father-in-law, but today they basked in the warm glow of their favorite private sector heroes. At a White House tech summit that lured Silicon Valley's most powerful and obsequious, Kushner made a rare public speaking appearance to mostly say some unobjectionable stuff about floppy disks, a topic surely in the front of every American's mind.
“Today we've assembled a very impressive group of leaders from the private sector and are putting them to work here today to work on some of the country's biggest challenges that will make a very meaningful difference to a lot of its citizens,” Kushner said, kicking off the White House's Technology Week, which will include more tech policy meetings as the week goes on.
“The Department of Defense for example still uses 8″ floppy discs on some of its legacy systems,” Kushner declared hollowly, with their hollow voice. They went on to decry the 1980 Paperwork Reduction Act and declare the VA's electronic systems overdue for an update. They also claimed that federal agencies operate 6,100 data centers which could be “consolidated” and migrated to the cloud, though did not offer any immediate specifics about what that process would entail or how to keep that whole cloud thing secure.
Hear Jared Kushner speak in a rare public appearance https://t.co/dISsUmb3aE pic.twitter.com/Q0vNw5NESq — TIME (@TIME) June 19, 2017
In spite of pressure for the tech community to denounce the Trump administration, the new tech summit's lineup remains nearly the same as it was back in December, again featuring Tim Cook, Jeff Bezos, Eric Schmidt, Satya Nadella and Brian Krzanich, among others. Elon Musk, absent today, famously rage-quit their White House relationship after Trump left the Paris Agreement in early June. And this time around, Facebook didn't send COO Sheryl Sandberg (apparently due to a scheduling conflict), though noted maybe-vampire and longtime Facebook board horror Peter Thiel was there.
Kushner also asserted that their new White House office of American Innovation will seek to “modernize the government's technology infrastructure” as well as make “an effort to bring business sensibility to a government that for too long has relied on past practices as an automatic justification for their continuation” which out of context would be a scary thing to hear coming from an administration with little regard for the foundations of American democracy but in context was mostly kind of boring and about migrating to the cloud.
So far, Tech Week is shaping up to be every bit as memorable as Infrastructure Week!
Here we go again.
The leader of the vehemently anti-gay Harlem ATLAH Missionary Church, James Manning, is once again making outrageous claims against the gay community. This time they might have outdone himself.
Last week, Manning asserted that Starbucks is "ground zero for Ebola" after the company released it's first LGBT commercial starring Bianca Del Rio and Adore Delano of "RuPaul's Drag Race" fame.
Now, Manning has released another video in which the religious leader claims that Starbucks has been using the "sodomites' semen" in their flavored coffee drinks. They state in the video:
“Starbucks is a place where these types frequent and a lot of body fluids are exchanged there. But the thing that I was not aware of is that there has been information that has been released… what Starbucks was doing, is they were taking specimens of male semen, and they were putting it in the blends of their lattes. Now, this is the absolute truth."
ATLAH Missionary Church has a long history of anti-gay sentiment, predominantly expressed through the church's main sign. The church first made headlines in late February when religious leaders posted a sign reading, "Obama has released the homo demons on the black man. Look out black woman. A white homo may take your man." The church then later replaced the sign with one that read, "Jesus would stone homos," along with "Stoning is still the law." And later, "Harlem is a sodomite free zone. Stop sodomizing our children in schools across America."
Happily, many LGBT people have stood up to the hate from Manning and ATLAH Church.
Earlier this week, activists protested ATLAH by providing free Starbucks coffee to pedestrians walking by the church.
A benevolent New York man literally gave the “shirt off their back” to a freezing homeless man on the subway Friday night.
The kind act was caught on camera and has been viewed over 13 million times on Facebook.
Joey Resto, a 23-year-old paralegal, says they observed that the shirtless passenger had skin abrasions and bumps on their head.
“It was a natural reaction to help, to do what I can. I hope they find this guy. It's not hard to spot him,” Resto, a Bedford-Stuyvesant resident, told the New York Daily News.
“He didn't really say yes, they just kind of lifted their arms like a child,” adds Resto, who took off their own shirt (and hat!) and helped dress the shivering man.
[facebook url="https://www.facebook.com/alcoiri/videos/10205433319331704/" /]
• Need a little inspiration? Click here to subscribe to the Daily Smile Newsletter for uplifting, feel-good stories that brighten up your inbox.
The kind deed, captured on video by Lazaro Nolasco, is a reminder that a little kindness can go a long way.
“The guy did a good deed, so I wanted to record it. I would tell him, ‘God bless him.' That was thoughtful,” Nolasco told the New York Daily News.
"When you become famous, you've got like a year or two where you act like a real asshole," Bill Murray told Tom Shales and James Miller when they interviewed them for Live from New York, their oral history of Saturday Night Live. "You can't help yourself. It happens to everybody. You've got like two years to pull it together — or it's permanent." They were talking, of course, about Chevy Chase, their opponent in a famous backstage fistfight. The two are friendly now, and it seems as though Murray wanted to imply that Chase had "pulled themselves together" following their sudden rise to fame.
But by most accounts, Chevy Chase's assholedom was permanent.
The history of Chevy Chase being a jerk is long and varied, and from what I've heard Chevy is hard at work creating new legends of their own dickishness as the old stories become more widely known. I heard a recent story about Chevy unloading on a nervous intern who spilled a small amount of Coca-Cola in front of Chase and SNL creator Lorne Michaels. "Why don't you just piss in it?" they snarled.
But you don't even need to hunt down anecdotes of Chevy screaming at interns: between the hundreds of thousands of words that have been written about Saturday Night Live, their weirdly public ongoing spats with actors and writers on Community, and the unbelievably dickish and petty interviews he's given over the years, there's plenty of evidence that Chevy Chase is an asshole. Here's a working timeline. If you've got any Chevy Chase stories, send them my way at max@gawker.com.
Saturday Night Live Season One
Who They Pissed Off: John Belushi, Al Franken, Laraine Newman, Gilda Radner, and basically the whole cast and writing staff of Saturday Night Live
How: According to Jeff Weingrad and Doug Hill's Saturday Night: A Backstage History of Saturday Night Live, Chevy was known as "a viciously effective put-down artist, the sort who could find the one thing somebody was sensitive about — a pimple on the nose, perhaps — and then kid about it, mercilessly." In meetings, he'd smirk at writers' suggestions and say "gee, I don't think that's very good at all." As the show, and in particular Chevy, took off, their coworkers accused them of not giving them enough credit in interviews; they were also doing too much coke and spending much of their time bragging about their fame and ordering people around the set.
Who They Pissed Off: Johnny Carson
How: Carson once said Chevy "couldn't ad-lib a fart after a baked-bean dinner" after Chevy dismissed chatter that they could be the next Carson by telling New York, "I'd never be tied down for five years interviewing TV personalities." (In fairness, they never are.)
Who They Pissed Off: Lorne Michaels
How: Lorne and Chevy were close friends, until Chevy, without warning, decided to leave the show at the end of their contract and do a handful of primetime specials for NBC, severing their relationship with Bernie Brillstein, the manager they shared with Lorne, and signing with William Morris in the process. "Chevy was a scumbag the way they left," one of the writers told Weingrad and Hill. "Deceitful and dishonest about the whole thing." When staff writer Tom Davis asked why they were leaving, Chevy said "Money. Lots of money."
After SNL
Who They Pissed Off: Jacqueline Carlin
How: Carlin, whom Chevy married right after they left the show, filed for divorce 17 months later, citing "threats of violence." They then cited their engagement and impending marriage to Carlin as a reason for leaving Saturday Night Live — a "blame the bitch" strategy, according to one of the women on the show.
Who They Pissed Off: Jane Curtin
How: When Chevy returned to host the show for the first time after their departure, they insisted on doing the "Weekend Update" segment that had been their trademark. According to some accounts, including Chevy's, this pissed Jane off; in Live from New York, Jane insists that they didn't really care, and that "Chevy was expecting [a reaction] that they aren't getting from me."
Who They Pissed Off: Bill Murray
How: According to Chevy, John Belushi had spent a lot of time poisoning the cast against them — in particular Bill Murray, who was more or less their replacement on the show. Bill apparently confronted Chevy about something (possibly the "Weekend Update" situation), the two traded barbs (Murray told Chase to go home and fuck their wife; Chase told Murray their face looked like something Neil Armstrong had landed on), and the confrontation turned physical. Chase's account of the fight in Live from New York is hilarious, both for being so self-serving and for their insistence that they — an upper-middle- class fourteenth-generation New Yorker — had "grown up on the edge of East Harlem" and "been in a lot of fistfights." "It wasn't as if I was simply some guy who had never seen the other side of the tracks," Chase, who went to Dalton and the Stockbridge school, said. "I had."
Who They Pissed Off: Terry Sweeney, Robert Downey Jr., Jon Lovitz and the cast of the 1985-1986 season
How: Chase was back to host again in 1985 and seemed to piss off literally everyone. They made fun of Robert Downey Jr.'s father ("Didn't your father used to be a successful director? Whatever happened to him? Boy, they sure died, you know, they sure went to hell.") and was relentlessly hateful to Terry Sweeney, suggesting that SNL's first openly gay cast member star in a sketch where they weighed them every week to see if they had AIDS. "So then they ended up having to apologize and actually coming to my office," Sweeney says. "He was really furious that they had to apologize to me."
(As a coda to Chevy's SNL assholery, we'll note that they ran into Live from New York author James Miller a few years after the book's publication. Angry with their status in the book as a recurring villain, Chevy proceeded to prove everyone right by immediately going off on Miller. And one of the authors received a sobbing phone call from their wife Jayni.)
The Chevy Chase Show
Who They Pissed Off: The entire television-viewing public.
How: Chevy returned to television in 1993 with a high-profile attempt by Fox to fill the void left by a retiring Johnny Carson. In a New York cover profile from before the show's premiere (highly recommended, if only for the parenthetical where Chase tries to blame the huge flop Nothing But Trouble on poor Dan Aykroyd) the show already feels doomed to fail — the only preview we get is a game Chevy wants to play with audience members involving putting rubber bands around their heads and "racing" by scrunching their faces — and within five weeks of its debut, it was canceled. They later told Time they wanted to do something "much darker and more improv," and blamed network constraints — and not their own clear nervousness and incompetence — for the show's failure
Who They Pissed Off: Howard Stern
How: In 1992, Chase was recorded talking shit about Stern in between commercial breaks on Larry King's show; Stern got hold of the tape and played it on-air before calling Chase, who told Stern never to call again. (A few years later, Stern and Richard Belzer called a furious Chase several times at 5 a.m.) The two apparently made up, and Chase was invited to Stern's wedding — but apparently gave a wildly inappropriate toast that only exacerbated Stern's dislike of him.
Who They Pissed Off: Will Ferrell and the cast of the 1996-1997 season
How: "When they were here," Tim Meadows says in Live from New York, "it was like just watching a car accident over and over again just watching them deal with people." According to Will Ferrell, Chase was "a little snobbish" and prone to screaming at people; at that show's first meeting they told a female writer "maybe you could give me a handjob later," reportedly mortifying Lorne. "I don't know if they were on something or what," Ferrell said. "If they took too many back pills that day or something."
Who They Pissed Off: Bill Maher and NYPD Blue creator Stephen Bochco
How: Chase appeared on Politically Incorrect in 1997, alongside television producer Stephen Bocho, and insistently hijacked the conversation to talk about how television, and Bochco's work in particular, is "useless and worthless." The Paley Center has a good summary: "Shortly thereafter, they admit that they are not terribly familiar with Bochco's work. When Maher attempts to get the conversation back on track, Chase declares that they disapprove even of Maher's show. Bochco suggests that Chase leave the show, and Chase almost makes it out the door before Maher stops them and asks them to stay."
Who They Pissed Off: Kevin Smith
How: That same year, Chevy met with Kevin Smith to talk about relaunching the Fletch series. According to Smith, the meeting was a disaster: "At the lunch, Chevy went on to claim they invented every funny thing that ever happened in the history of not just comedy, but also the known world... You ever sat down with somebody who claimed responsibility for stuff they did AND didn't do? It's really off-putting." Chase later accused Smith of "lying" to him.
Who They Pissed Off: Comedian Rob Huebel
How: Huebel, who describes themselves as "the biggest Chevy Chase fan in the world," approached Chevy backstage at UCB Theater to introduce himself, only to have Chevy slap them across the face "offensively hard." It was done as a joke ("in good humor," Chase told New York magazine), and Huebel says they didn't take offense, but it clearly left an impression on them and an onlooking Jason Mantzoukas.
The Roast
Who They Pissed Off: Actually, no one.
How: The 2002 Friars Club Roast of Chevy Chase, one of those interminable things broadcast on Comedy Central, may be the only thing Chevy's been involved with professionally where they didn't end up pissing anyone off. And yet we have to mention it here, if only because it's maybe the best, and saddest evidence of how few friends Chevy has left. Almost no one from the original Saturday Night Live showed up (Paul Shaffer, a member of the band, MCed), and the comedians who did show weren't exactly close friends of Chase, and were unbelievably cruel. (Not to mention unfunny.) I caught this on TV at the time without really having a sense of how widely-hated Chevy was; by the end, there was literally no question that nobody liked him.
Community
Who They Pissed Off: Dan Harmon
How: Show creator Harmon, themselves reputedly a sensitive and vindictive prick, has been embroiled in a weirdly public feud with Chase almost since the start of the show, and it's not hard to see the uncomfortable parallels between Chevy themselves and their character Pierce Hawthorne — an old, out-of-touch, self-aggrandizing bigot who alienates all of the people they work with. Their sniping turned into a full-on confrontation over the last week when Harmon, smarting from an on-set spat over a late script, gave a very public "fuck you" to Chase at a party in front of their wife and daughter and leaked a hilariously profane voicemail that Chevy had left for him. To be fair, Harmon's apologized, in a meandering Tumblr post: "I'm a selfish baby and a rude asshole and not a person to trust with your feelings." Meanwhile, a sort of poignant interview with the Huffington Post, Chase hints that they might leave the show soon, insisting that they want a "much freer kind of performance thing" — which is more or less what they said about The Chevy Chase Show 20 years ago.
Who They Pissed Off: Dino Stamatopoulos and much of the Community cast.
How: Chevy "has a reputation for being a dick," Dino Stamatopoulos, who plays the character Star Burns, told Marc Maron on their podcast last year. "That reputation is earned." (Stamatopoulos nevertheless insists that they personally like Chevy, and that all the actor needs "is a little respect," which they apparently don't get from the younger cast.) Update: Dino writes in:
Chevy mostly pissed me off when I was working on Conan back around '94. I had been working hard all week on a very complex desk piece. It played the segment right before Chevy came out and it did okay. After Chevy was introduced, they sat down, and the first thing they said was, "Wow, Conan, that bit [referring to the desk piece] sure was... stupid." Also just to clarify, I get along with Chevy because I barely work with them and don't have them constantly ruining whole days when I'm there, like they do with the regular cast members. I view them now as a confused old man who can't really hurt me in any way. I understand why the regulars on Community and the full time writers hating him. If they wasted my time as much as they wasted their time, I'd hate him, too.
Who They Pissed Off: Yvette Brown, Alison Brie, Megan Ganz and probably most of the show's female staff
How: No one has come out and said specifically "I hate Chevy Chase," but there are hints. On Watch What Happens Live, Yvette Brown didn't even have to think before naming Chevy Chase as the person she'd kick off Community if they had to choose one of them. asked by the Daily Beast's Jace Lacob about an uncomfortable rape joke Chevy made at a panel appearance by the cast, Brown and fellow cast member Alison Brie and writer Megan Ganz were diplomatic but not particularly warm. "His bits are from a different time," Ganz says. "A lot of crass comedy is accepted," Brie offers. "Some people don't know how to word it the right way." Brown agrees that some people don't "know their room... Maybe they were from a time when women weren't empowered enough to speak up. I'm glad that we're in a time now where if you are offended or upset by something someone says, you feel empowered to say, 'That's not right.'" (Chase doesn't seem to be helping things by telling the Huffington Post that the only two relatable characters are "the two white girls — the two pretty, young girls, Alison [Brie] and Gillian [Jacobs]" who are "probably more like people that we can all understand.")
[updated 4/5 with Rob Huebel, 4/6 with Howard Stern, Kevin Smith and Stephen Bochco]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage taken aboard the yacht shows the extent of the haul
A haul of cocaine with a street value of up to £300m has been found hidden inside a luxury yacht in Southampton, the UK Border Agency has said.
Officials found 1.2 tonnes of cocaine hidden in a secret compartment in the £1m yacht two months ago.
The 90% pure drugs were so well hidden in the 65ft pleasure cruiser, the Louise, it took six days to find them.
The border agency said it was the biggest ever Class A drug seizure it had dealt with.
The agency said the drugs inside the Louise originated in South America and were en route to the Netherlands. Dutch police have arrested six men.
They are thought to be an organised crime gang.
Image caption UK Border Agency officers found the drugs in a specially built compartment
French authorities were alerted to the Louise while it was in the Caribbean in May and it was then tracked to Southampton.
Officials spent six days searching the vessel and found the drugs packed in a specially-designed compartment beneath the boat's bathing platform, UKBA said.
It is understood the cocaine was packed inside the boat while it was in Venezuela.
The average purity of cocaine seized at the UK border is 63%, officials said.
Boat owner arrested
The haul is estimated to be worth about £50m wholesale and up to £300m on the streets.
Since the drugs were found in June, the UKBA has helped Dutch police track members of the gang and six Dutch nationals were arrested during early morning raids on Tuesday.
A 60-year-old, who owns the boat, was arrested in Meppel. Their three sons, aged 27, 32 and 34, are also being held following police raids in Waalwijk and Heusden.
Two 44-year-old men were also arrested in Amsterdam.
A total of 100,000 euros (£87,300), two Harley-Davidson motorcycles, two firearms, a silencer and a quantity of ecstasy were also seized.
Brodie Clark, head of the UKBA's border force, said: "This has been an enormous seizure of cocaine. This is the largest we have on record."
'Ingenious' hiding spot
Asked about how the drugs were hidden, they added: "It was ingenious, it was difficult to find.
"Skilful people spent a number of days looking for it."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Carole Upshall: "Last year we seized just over two tonnes of cocaine in the whole year"
David Armond, from the Serious Organised Crime Agency (SOCA), described the seizure as a "great success in the international effort to damage and disrupt the cocaine trade".
They said the high purity of the cocaine meant it would have made about eight tonnes of saleable drugs once cut, the equivalent of seven million street deals.
They said that was "equal to about one third of the requirement for the UK market over the course of a year".
Gert Rip, public prosecutor for the National Prosecutor's Office in the Netherlands, said: "About 40% of all cocaine brought into Europe is trafficked using smuggling routes from the Caribbean.
"Venezuela is often used as a supply line of cocaine for the European market."
In 1994 customs staff seized a 1.245 tonnes haul of cocaine which was found on board the MV Jurata in Birkenhead, however the Home Office said since the bitumen barrels the cocaine was hidden in were also included in the total weight of the haul, the latest discovery is considered larger.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ireland's need for more detail "not an unreasonable ask"
Ireland's deputy prime minister has said their country has "no desire" to delay the UK's Brexit talks.
But Simon Coveney also warned that not enough progress had been made on the border with Northern Ireland.
While Ireland was not looking for "full detail", it was seeking the parameters within which a solution could be found.
Their comments came ahead of a week of crucial decisions on whether the UK and EU would move ahead to the next phase of Brexit negotiations.
UK Prime Minister Theresa May is due to meet European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker on Monday to assess whether sufficient progress has been made on three core issues of citizens' rights, the "divorce bill" and the future of the Irish border with Northern Ireland.
The 27 other member states will then meet on Wednesday to make a decision on going to a second phase of talks.
What does Ireland say about the border?
Mr Coveney has been heavily involved with Ireland's stance on Brexit since becoming the foreign minister during the summer.
They were also appointed as tánaiste - deputy prime minister - following the resignation of their colleague, Frances Fitzgerald, over a political row that threatened to bring down the government.
Speaking on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show, they said Ireland did not want to exercise its veto on the issue.
"There is no desire, I can tell you, in Ireland, to delay this process," they said.
"But at the same time, we have a responsibility as a government to represent the interests on the island of Ireland.
"We believe that, as an island, Ireland is uniquely vulnerable and exposed to a potential bad outcome from Brexit.
"That is why we are looking for more progress than we have."
Image copyright PA Image caption On Friday, EC President Donald Tusk (R) said Europe would stand by Ireland
They also denied suggestions, made by some UK politicians, that the issue was being used to pave the way for Irish unity. "That's simply not true," they said, adding that the government had maintained a consistent position for months.
They said they were very keen to avoid "a green versus orange debate" between unionism and nationalism. "Instead we're trying to protect the status quo."
"We cannot allow some kind of collateral damage or unintended consequence of Brexit to have the recreation of a border."
In June, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) signed a confidence-and-supply deal with the UK's minority Conservative government.
DUP deputy leader Nigel Dodds told the BBC there had been a much more aggressive stance on Brexit from the Irish government since Prime Minister Leo Varadkar and Simon Coveney had taken office.
They argued they wanted to dismiss technological solutions, which would prevent a hard border in Northern Ireland.
"They say none of that is acceptable. It has to be a political solution which involves the UK staying inside the single market or the customs union, or failing that Northern Ireland doing so," they added.
Meanwhile, former UK prime minister Tony Blair told the BBC that a hard border would "obviously" cause tensions that could put the Good Friday Agreement - a landmark in the Northern Ireland peace process - at risk.
Why is the May-Juncker meeting significant?
Mrs May's scheduled lunch with the head of the European Commission is widely seen as their chance to persuade the EU to move negotiations forward.
Along with the Irish border, other issues that the EU says must be agreed are the size of the UK's payment to the EU - the so-called divorce bill - and the status of EU nationals living in the UK.
Mr Juncker will also meet European lawmakers before their lunch with Mrs May, possibly to discuss the UK's offer on citizens' rights.
Progress on the "divorce bill" was made last week when it emerged that the UK had offered the EU a sum of up €50bn (£44bn).
Some Brexit supporters have complained that the sum is too high. The Leave Means Leave campaign group on Sunday issued an open letter to Mrs May, urging them not to settle the divorce bill without a series of agreed conditions.
Donald Tusk, President of the European Council, said on Friday the EU was "fully behind" Ireland's demand for no hard border on the island.
"The Irish request is the EU's request," they said, adding that they would consult the Irish prime minister before the next stage of Brexit talks.
WWII referred to as the European Civil War: The EU cannot be serious?
The great polemicist Richard Littlejohn has a phrase that sits alongside Victor Meldrew's "I don't believe it!" as being increasingly apt.
Littlejohn frequently says "You Couldn't Make It Up" (and it became the name of a book they published) - and for good reason.
Increasingly we find ourselves shaking our heads as yet another astonishing pronouncement comes from on high that we, the governed, are expected to take in our strides.
Latest project: The EU plans to open a £44m museum to promote 'an awareness of European identity'
Today we learn that the European Union (our real ruler) is opening a £44m museum that will be a House of European History. This vanity project in and of itself is an offensive waste of money as governments and peoples tighten belts across Europe.
But what I found most offensive of all is that World War II is to be described as "the European Civil War".
That's right: a European Civil War that saws millions fight and die in theatres around the world in places as diverse as Tobruk, Pearl Harbour and the Burma Railway.
What greater calculated insult can there be to those from India, Australia, New Zealand, the United States and across the world who fought and died to defend freedom from Nazi and Japanese tyranny?
Europhiles love to decry those of us who want Britain to become an independent nation state as "little Englanders" - despite the fact that we want Britain to continue its role as a global trading nation.
In Wednesday night's big Commander-in-Chief Forum on NBC, Hillary Clinton demonstrated she's totally unfit for office, and Donald Trump demonstrated they don't have a clue about foreign policy. Out of 320 million Americans, these are the ones Democrats and Republicans nominated. One will be president.
George Washington weeps from the grave.
The evening began with Clinton. Putting aside questions about whether they were wearing an earpiece, they looked uncomfortable and bothered from the start. Matt Lauer rightly began by asking them about their “judgment” surrounding their creation of a personal email server. They said they would “make no excuses for it,” then proceeded to make excuses for it – and lie continuously. They said that they had “a lot of experience dealing with classified material,” but that didn't stop them from distributing it across a private server. They lied that the emails were not marked classified. They acknowledged that they talked on their server about America's covert drone program. They said there was no evidence their system was hacked, even though FBI Director James Comey said that their email server was less secure than a Gmail account. When a former naval flight officer asked Hillary why they would be imprisoned for the same activities they pursued, they said “I did exactly what I should have done” – minutes after saying they hadn't.
The disaster didn't stop there. They said we didn't lose a single American in Libya, ignoring the death of four Americans in Benghazi. They then stated that the Iran deal did not stop any negative Iranian activity…except for their nuclear program, which German intelligence says continues anyway. They said America would not put ground troops into Iraq “ever again” or Syria. We have ground troops in both. They then tried to blame the rise of ISIS on Trump.
It was a truly egregious performance, made even more egregious by the fact that this was supposed to be Hillary's area of expertise – they were Secretary of State.
Then came Trump.
They fibbed that they were always against the war in Iraq. They suggested that their trip to Mexico was a success because “the people that arranged the trip in Mexico have been forced out of government. That's how well we did.” Say what? They ripped American generals: “I think under the leadership of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, the generals have been reduced to rubble.” They reiterated that their policy in Iraq was, “shouldn't be there, but if we're going to get out, take the oil.” Which makes no sense, given that someone would have to be there in order to assure the flow of oil. They then said their ISIS policy would be to talk with their generals, but different generals than the ones they say are rubble, and maybe their plan would be “a combination of my plan and the generals' plan, or the generals' plan, if I like their plan, Matt, I'm not going to call you up and say, ‘Matt, we have a great plan.'” They said that their intelligence briefers didn't like President Obama and they could tell because “I have pretty good with the body language. I could tell they were not happy.”
And then they talked up the glories of Russian dictator Vladimir Putin. Repeatedly. “You know, the beautiful part of getting along, Russia wants to defeat ISIS as badly as we do. If we had a relationship with Russia, wouldn't it be wonderful if we could work on it together and knock the hell out of ISIS…he does have an 82 percent approval rating, according to the different pollsters.” They denied that Putin had hacked DNC servers (“nobody knows that for a fact”) and then compared Putin to Obama, adding, “I think when they call me brilliant, I'll take the compliment, OK?...He is really very much of a leader. I mean you can say, oh, isn't that a terrible thing – the man has very strong control over a country…he's been a leader, far more than our president has been a leader.”
Finally, they concluded by saying that he'd fight sexual assault in the military by setting up “a court system within the military.” Which already exists.
Another awful performance.
Hillary Clinton says they broke the glass ceiling by winning the Democratic nomination – now girls everywhere can say that they can be president. In truth, America broke the ultimate glass ceiling: children everywhere can say they can be president. Right now.
Christopher Buchtmann: "The draw is frustrating. We had our chances and should have made more of them. We produced a super away performance but didn't put the game to bed. The upward trend is still apparent. Who would have thought a couple of weeks ago that we'd work our way up like this? We need to keep a clear head now to make sure we achieve our objective.
Bernd Nehrig: "We should have killed the game off earlier. We had lots of situations that we didn't see through properly, and in the end we lacked a bit of shrewdness. It's obviously bitterly disappointing but we were up against a team today who have got almost all their points at home so far. You don't just go out and win these games. Nevertheless, we'd have deserved the three points. Now we have to turn this one point into gold against Karlsruhe."
Philipp Heerwagen: "We failed to make it 2-0 and with that we kept Bielefeld in the game. As such, we perhaps lost two points but that's football and every point counts in the fight for survival. We haven't forgotten where we've come from in the table. We continue to look ahead."
Lasse Sobiech: "The feelings now straight after the final whistle are unimaginable. We played some good football in the first half and should have made it 1-0. It was then a relief to go in front but we should have added to it. We pressed Arminia really well but unfortunately that was no longer the case towards the end."
Photo: Witters
Vagrant 1.6 comes with a new built-in provider: Docker. The Docker provider allows Vagrant to manage development environments that run within containers, rather than virtual machines. This works without any additional software required on Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows.
The Docker provider in Vagrant makes it incredibly easy to keep the workflow you're used to with both Vagrant and Docker while gaining all the benefits of Vagrant: cross-platform portability, synced folders, networking, provisioners, vagrant share, plugins, etc.
On platforms that don't support Linux Containers natively such as Mac OS X and Windows, Vagrant automatically brings up and shares a proxy virtual machine to run Docker. This proxy VM is completely customizable, and Vagrant ensures that synced folders and networking work as you would expect. Users of Vagrant don't need to worry about doing any of this manually.
Read on to learn more.
We've prepared a few demo videos below showcasing the Docker provider in Vagrant before we get into the details in this blog post. We recommend watching these videos in order.
» Docker, With Vagrant
Vagrant is built to be the best way to manage development environments for applications built with any technology. In many cases, virtual machines are the best answer for this, so Vagrant has used virtual machines for years. But Vagrant isn't tied to virtual machines at all, and in some cases containers are the best option. With the Docker provider, Vagrant builds development environments with Linux containers built with Docker.
Users of Docker who use Vagrant for development get what Vagrant is best known for: the Vagrant workflow. One vagrant up on Linux, Mac, or Windows and developers get a consistent development environment that they can work on. No extra steps other than installing Vagrant, no clicking, and no discontinuity between operating systems.
And due to Vagrant's flexibility, you keep the identical workflow for managing systems that don't use Docker. This might be another Linux-based system, or it might even be something completely different such as a Windows-based development environment. With Vagrant, the workflow is always the same.
» Docker Host VM
Linux containers do not run natively on non-Linux machines. If your developers are on Mac or Windows, they can't run Docker containers natively. Vagrant detects these cases and automatically spins up a Linux virtual machine to run the Docker containers.
Vagrant then shares this virtual machine for all Docker-based development environments with Vagrant. That means with just a single virtual machine, Vagrant can manage many Docker environments.
Even when using a Docker host virtual machine, synced folders, SSH, and other features of Vagrant work just as you expect, uniformly across every platform.
If Vagrant is being used with Docker on Linux, Vagrant won't automatically spin up a virtual machine and instead will run Docker natively.
By default, Vagrant spins up a default virtual machine with Docker installed. But you can also specify any Vagrant-managed machine as the Docker host machine. An example is shown below:
Vagrant.configure("2") do |config| config.vm.provider "docker" do |d| d.vagrant\_vagrantfile = "../docker-host/Vagrantfile" end end
With the configuration above, Vagrant will use the default machine in the Vagrantfile specified as the Docker host. This is very powerful. With this feature, you can have Vagrant automatically manage a Docker host using any operating system that Vagrant supports, such as Ubuntu, RHEL, or CoreOS. And you can change this host VM for each development environment if you want.
Vagrant is smart: if the host VM matches multiple Vagrantfiles, the single VM will be shared. Vagrant won't spin up multiple VMs if it doesn't have to.
Because Vagrant is just re-using Vagrant underneath the covers to manage this host VM, you're able to use all the features of Vagrant with this VM: provisioners, synced folders, networking, etc. It is the ultimate flexibility in building a development environment that is correct for your project.
» Dockerfiles or Docker Index
The Docker provider in Vagrant is flexible and supports Docker containers from both local Dockerfiles and the Docker Index. This is useful in being able to iterate on a Dockerfile while also depending perhaps on something in an index.
As an example, below is a Vagrantfile that could be used for a web development environment:
Vagrant.configure("2") do |config| config.vm.define "app" do |app| app.vm.provider "docker" do |d| d.build\_dir = "." d.link "db" end end config.vm.define "db" do |app| app.vm.provider "docker" do |d| d.image = "paintedfox/postgresql" d.name = "db" end end end
In the example above, we build the "app" environment from a Dockerfile that might build the container for our web application. This app environment then links to the "db" environment which uses the "paintedfox/postgresql" image to provide a PostgreSQL database.
And in both cases, synced folders work as you would expect with Vagrant, so data can be persisted outside the containers and file modifications can be mirrored back into the containers.
» Containers with SSH
The general approach to Docker containers is to have each container be a single application instead of a complete multi-process system. In these cases, SSH is unavailable so you can't take advantage of Vagrant features such as vagrant ssh , provisioners, etc. However, if the container does support SSH, then all these features are supported and do work.
For example, the Vagrantfile below uses baseimage created by Phusion which behaves more like a lightweight virtual machine.
Vagrant.configure("2") do |config| config.vm.provider "docker" do |d| d.cmd = \["/sbin/my\_init", "--enable-insecure-key"\] d.image = "phusion/baseimage" d.has\_ssh = true end config.ssh.username = "root" config.ssh.private\_key\_path = "phusion.key" end
Assuming you have "phusion.key" in place, the above will start the container, wait for SSH, and run any provisioners, set any hostnames, etc. Additionally, vagrant ssh works perfectly.
And again, all of these features work whether you're running Docker natively or running Docker via an automatically managed host VM from Vagrant.
So far, the behavior and workflow of using Docker with Vagrant has been identical to if you had been using Vagrant with VirtualBox, VMware, or a cloud service such as EC2.
However, Vagrant 1.6 does introduce some new commands that are made specifically for the Docker provider to give some additional utility to Vagrant.
docker-logs shows the logs from a container and optionally allows you to tail the logs. For single-process (non-SSH) containers, this is a great way to watch the output of the process. An example is shown below:
$ vagrant docker-logs web Server listening on port 3000... GET / 200 62.4ms GET /images/header.png 200 3.1ms GET /images/footer.png 200 2.8ms
docker-run allows you to execute one-off commands in new containers. Along with synced folders, this is useful for some environments. For example, if you wanted to run tests in a Rails environment, it might look like the following:
$ vagrant docker-run web -- rake test:unit ...
The Docker provider allows Vagrant to manage development environments with Docker-managed Linux containers. This lets users of Vagrant use this style of development where it makes sense, without sacrificing the workflow of any other development environments.
We're now nearing the release of Vagrant 1.6! The feature previews are just about over and we're excited to gear up for a release shortly.
Be Sociable, Share!
Nike has provided us with an official look at the upcoming “Doernbecher” Air Jordan 5 Retro, and they have never looked better. Created as a tribute to OHSU Doernbecher Children's Hospital patient Isaac Arzate, this sneaker was designed by Isaac's family using sketches created before their passing. It features a black patent leather upper with white accents and an icy clear sole. A poem written by Isaac can be seen in the dark on the upper. Glow-in-the-dark material has also been used on the sole, eyelets, and netting. Isaac's basketball and baseball numbers have been embroidered on the heel, while the date of their passing is marked on the inside of the tongue. As usual, all proceeds will go to the OHSU Doernbecher Children's Hospital.
The Doernbecher Air Jordan 5 Retro is scheduled to release this Saturday, September 14. Availability will be limited to Niketown locations, as well as Nike.com. As most of you are already aware, these will be incredibly difficult to acquire. If you'd like to relieve yourself of stress and potential frustration, they are already available on eBay. Here's a direct link to the listings.
Nike and OHSU Doernbecher Children's Hospital are proud to pay tribute to 2012 Doernbecher Freestyle Program patient Isaac Arzate and their family with the release of the limited-edition Doernbecher Air Jordan V Retro.
Isaac Arzate was a talented young athlete who pitched a no-hitter in baseball and savored an undefeated season in basketball. In January 2012 Isaac suffered a cardiac arrest at basketball practice and was sent from Salem to OHSU Doernbecher Children's Hospital, where doctors discovered a previously undetected abnormality that is one of the most common causes for heart attacks in young people.
After recovering from open-heart surgery, Isaac was invited by OHSU Doernbecher to be part of the 2012 Freestyle program. During their rehabilitation from surgery, they began sketching designs for an Air Jordan V Retro, highlighting their interests and experiences. They also became well enough to don their jersey and watch their basketball team from the bleachers, occasionally getting to shoot around during breaks in the game. Then in April 2012, 12-year-old Isaac tragically suffered a second heart attack, and did not survive.
Deeply saddened by their tragic passing but inspired by their passion and spirit, Nike and OHSU Doernbecher invited Isaac's family to work together to finish the design that Isaac had started. Using Isaac's original sketches as a guide and some more their parents found, they created a design reflecting Isaac's vision and incorporating design elements that represented the things that mattered most to them in their life:
Isaac's jersey numbers, 9 for baseball on the upper of the left shoe and 31 for basketball on the right.
The inside of the tongue features Isaac's initials, and the dates of their birth and passing.
Several parts of the shoe glow in the dark, including the eyelets, lace toggle, outsole, Nike Air unit and quarter panels.
The upper features the words of a poem in black light ink that Isaac wrote just a day before they passed away. Some of the words include: “My team. My family. We are brothers forever. No matter what.”
Each pair includes a flashlight to complete the glow-in-the-dark effect, inspired by Isaac's love of video games.
“We've been honored to work with Isaac's family and thank them for their courage to complete the project in the name of their son and to support the much-needed fundraising efforts for Doernbecher,” said Michael Doherty, Nike's Global Creative Presentation Director and member of the Doernbecher Foundation Board of Directors.
In 2004, Doherty and their then-teenage son proposed the idea of the Doernbecher Freestyle Program as a creative way to raise awareness and funds for the children's hospital, while empowering its young patients through design.
Limited quantities of the Doernbecher Air Jordan V Retro will be sold on nike.com and at Nike retail locations across the country beginning Saturday, Sept. 14, with all proceeds from sales of the shoes benefitting OHSU Doernbecher. To date, the program has raised more than $6 million to help expand pioneering research, support clinical care, purchase state-of-the-art equipment, recruit new experts and help cover the cost of care for families most in need.
The Doernbecher Freestyle Project partners Nike designers and developers with patients from OHSU Doernbecher Children's Hospital who have battled serious illness to create shoes that reflect their unique personalities and experiences. Nike and OHSU Doernbecher will unveil the 2013 10th anniversary collection of Doernbecher Freestyle Saturday, Sept. 28.
Air Jordan 5 (V) DB
Color: Black/Black-White
Style: 633068-010
Release: 09/14/2013
Price: $180.00
Air Jordan 6 Retro Doernbecher DB6 Game Time Boost V2 FTB 392789-401 – Size 12
With the ink still wet on a new regulation to protect the little guy or gal against big financial predators, congressional Republicans are already moving to get rid of it.
On July 10, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau finalized a rule to prohibit banks, credit card companies, and other lenders that break the law from stripping customers of the right to hold them accountable in class action lawsuits.
The regulation is in response to the “ripoff clauses” that financial firms often bury in the fine print of contracts, forcing consumers to seek redress for misconduct on their own through secret arbitration proceedings. Most people only learn about these clauses when they become the victim of illegal financial behavior.
Not surprisingly, very few people who get ripped off by fraudsters even bother spending their time and energy on arbitration. According to the CFPB, only 75 consumers with claims under $1,000 pursued arbitration during the three-year period 2010-2012. We'll never know how many other wronged consumers just dropped their complaints, allowing financial criminals to keep billions in stolen money.
A wide array of public interest organizations took about five minutes to celebrate the new regulation before bracing for the Republican blowback. They included racial justice, consumer rights, Wall Street reform, and labor groups, as well as a coalition representing military service members.
Cafe Twenty Eight, a popular cafe that opened in 2002 in Minneapolis' Linden Hills neighborhood, will close, likely at year's end, after its lease was not renewed. Ready for a new challenge, owner Linda Haug said they had been looking to hand off the restaurant for the past couple years and had planned to sell the business to longtime employee Russ Conlon, but landlords Joanne and Tom Ellison had chosen not to renew the lease under Conlon. Haug, whose husband is Surly brewmaster Todd Haug, had hoped that under Conlon the business would remain practically unchanged. Cafe Twenty Eight is known to draw Surly fans from across the country who arrive knowing it will have the brewery's latest on tap alongside a modestly priced, locally sourced menu. For more on this story, read the Oct. 25 edition of The Tap.
Facebook Comments
comments
After the implementation of the e-challan system for traffic violations in the city from January 1, DNA has accessed an order issued by Joint Commissioner of Police (Traffic) Milind Bharambe to traffic police officers, instructing them not to stop motorists only to check for documents like Pollution Under Control (PUC) certificate, insurance certificate and other such documents issued by the RTOs, until further orders.
The traffic police chief's order is aimed at ensuring greater transparency in the system, and to avoid unnecessary disputes between the traffic police and motorists.
The order was issued on March 10 to the Additional Commissioner of Police (Traffic), the three DCPs in the traffic department, Assistant Commissioners, Senior Police Inspectors and inspectors of all the traffic branches.
The order states, "The objective of implementing the e-challan system is to make motorists follow traffic rules, to bring discipline to the city's traffic and to implement the cashless system. Despite this, the department is receiving complaints that officers and constables are not maintaining transparency during action."
The order further states, "It has also been observed that even after conveying orders to all the officers of the department and constables, they are still asking motorists to produce PUC, Insurance, Green tax certificate and other documents issued by the RTO, leading to arguments between motorists and traffic police, and resulting in damaging the image of the department. Hence, senior police officers of the traffic department should intimate all the traffic police officers and constables that they should not be asking motorists to produce their vehicle's PUC certificate, insurance and other documents issued by the RTO till further orders."
"The order has been issued to curb irregularities in the traffic department and to implement cashless transactions. The department has also received several complaints from citizens regarding the issue," said a Senior Traffic Police officer on the basis of anonymity.
Meanwhile, motorists have welcomed the move and say it will help avoid unnecessary harassment by the traffic police officers. "It's a really great move, it will end the unnecessary harassment of motorists. Generally, it's time-consuming. They keep asking for every document even if we haven't violated any traffic rule. I hope it will also stop corruption," said motorist Kailash Patel from Borivali (west).
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Q4C
— For the second time in one week, Durham police are investigating after a man exposed themselves to a woman on the American Tobacco Trail.
Authorities said a woman sitting down to have a drink of water near E. Alton Street was approached by man who asked how they were doing and if they needed any assistance with the groceries they were carrying. When the woman said they didn't need help, the man left, according to police.
About 20 minutes later, the woman again encountered the man, who asked for a drink while exposing themselves to them
The man, who the victim recognized as somebody they have seen on the trail before, fled north in the direction of S. Roxboro Street, police said.
The man is described as being black with a dark complexion and a “kind face,” short hair and a large chest tattoo. They were wearing black shorts and no shirt when they approached the woman, police said.
Police said this incident is not connected to a June 21 incident, in which a man exposed themselves to a woman and two children walking on the trail near West Enterprise Street.
A third incident of indecent exposure was reported late last month, when a man exposed themselves to a jogger on the trail on May 31.
Anybody with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 919-683-1200.
Edit: If the video above does not play, please click “Watch on YouTube” or follow this link.
Last week, we looked at Michael Bennett as a pass rusher in the Seattle Seahawks' defense. We discussed their role in base packages and their role on third downs or obvious pass rush situations. As a continuation, I wanted to complete my breakdown and look at their ability to defend the run. In my opinion, they are an elite run defender.
Their understanding of how to use their alignment to create leverage is extremely valuable to this defense. During their eight seasons in the NFL, Bennett has mastered the ability to defend the zone run. In both of the Seahawks' games versus the Atlanta Falcons, they dominated Jake Matthews and Ryan Schraeder at the point of attack. They consistently bullied them into the backfield and forced early cutbacks by Devonta Freeman.
From a contract standpoint, Bennett re-signed to a three-year, $30 million deal at the very end of the 2016 season. Some people have questioned if he's worth the money. In my opinion, I believe he's a complete player and that he's worth every penny.
The Twitter bio of Taoiseach Leo Varadkar says, among other things, that they “has been known to talk too much”.
It's one of the reasons why they have been popular with reporters as they rose through the political ranks.
They were certainly talking freely on Friday during their first round-table interview with political correspondents at Government Buildings.
Before taking questions from reporters, they delivered a brief speech outlining their views on the relationship between journalists and politicians, “by its very nature both symbiotic and oppositional”, but hopefully not “unhealthy, insidious or destructive in the way it is in some other countries”.
“We are all patriots and I think it's better for our country and better for our politics if we each have the opportunity to do our jobs as best we can, and to feed off each other rather than feed on each other,” they said.
The first question on Brexit prompted a response that demonstrated a clear change of tone from the “softly softly” diplomatic approach adopted by their predecessor, and reminded the reporters of Varadkar's previous habit of making headlines with forthright statements.
Asked about a London Times story that reported tensions between the British and Irish governments and a proposal from Dublin that the Border should effectively run down the Irish Sea, Varadkar let rip.
“There hasn't been an economic Border since 1992,” they said.
“As far as this Government is concerned there shouldn't be an economic Border. We don't want one. It's the United Kingdom, it's Britain that has decided to leave and if they want to put forward smart solutions, technological solutions for Borders of the future and all of that that's up to them.
“We're not going to be doing that work for them because we don't think there should be an economic Border at all. That is our position,” Varadkar continued.
“So we do not think it is in the interests of our country. We do not think it's in the interests of Northern Ireland or the United Kingdom that there should be an economic Border between our two countries or on our island and we're not going to be helping them to design some sort of Border that we don't believe should exist in the first place.
‘Severe impact'
“So let them put forward their proposals as to how they think a Border should operate and then we'll ask them if they really think this is such a good idea because I think it will have a very severe impact on their economy if they decide to go down that route.”
Varadkar's rocket is the most forthright statement of the Irish Government's position since the Brexit vote. It also marks a significant shift away from the essentially collaborative stance adopted by the Irish towards the British since the referendum. It will give relations between Dublin and London a jolt of the type not seen for many years.
But Varadkar's intervention is only a public outburst of a private frustration with the British that has been growing in Irish Government circles since last year.
Lack of clarity
A combination of Westminster's lack of clarity about what the UK wants from Brexit, as well as a growing trepidation in Dublin about the consequences of the hardening British stance on Brexit has led to the first cooling of relations between the two governments in decades.
And while relations between the two governments, both institutionally and personally, remain comparatively good, there is a growing chasm on Brexit.
Most people in the Irish Government believe that Ireland, North and South, is just not a priority for the UK. Looking at the behaviour of the British government since the referendum, it's difficult to quibble with that judgment.
That, more than anything, is what Varadkar's extraordinary intervention on Friday was about.
Senior officials denied that Varadkar's comments represented a change of policy by the Government. But they conceded it signifies a change of mood. And there is no question that on Brexit, the mood has darkened.
Just hours ago, Dallas Fuel announced the last addition to their roster and revealed that the last flag to be added to their collection was the Canadian one. The member in question is xQc, previous player for Arc6, a team that managed to make a name of themselves in the dive meta and challenge the best, and player also for Team Canada that will face Team Australia in the Quarterfinals of the Overwatch World Cup 2017. Earlier this week, they also revealed that Custa, who previously represnted Fnatic, was also added.
Let's review the roster of Dallas Fuel after the recent additions and see how it will play out on paper.
Roster:
(click on the names to be see the players' pages on Winston's Lab with their stats)
Taimou (Timo Kettunen) [DPS]
Effect (Kim Hyeon) [DPS]
Seagull (Brandon Larned) [Flex DPS]
Cocco (Christian Jonsson) [Tank]
Mickie (Pongphop Rattanasangchod) [Tank]
xQc (Félix Lengyel) [Tank]
HarryHook (Jonathan Tejedor Rua) [Support]
chipshajen (Sebastian Widlund) [Support]
Custa (Scott Kennedy) [Support]
Coach: KyKy (Kyle Souder)
The core of this roster has been together for almost 1.5 years now. Taimou, Cocco, HarryHook & chipshajen have been together since the beginning of the formation of the Team EnvyUs roster and they keep impressing everyone with their prowess in their respective roles, as well as their team synergy that has reached top levels. These players also are the most seasoned in the Western scene due to the fact that they participated in three seasons of APEX, a full LAN tournament, competing in the best environment as far as practice and scrims are concerned. The addition of Mickie, after Talespin stepped down, gave them the first trophy and shortly after a second.
Effect was added to the roster after their semi-disappointing performance in APEX S2 and after KyKy assumed fully the role of the coach for the roster. Their run in APEX S3 with Effect got them all the way to the semifinals, where they lost against Kongdoo Panthera. After returning from Korea, Contenders S1 was awaiting them and they showed how far ahead of everyone in the Western scene are. They had a flawless record during the group phase and in the playoffs they weren't really felt challenged. Seagull was announced and added to the roster just before the playoffs, filling a hole in the projectile department.
With the addition of them and KyKy teasing us with the announcement of the 8th player, everyone was trying to figure out what more holes Team EnvyUs was looking to cover, to be sure they are 100% ready for the first season of Overwatch League. As a matter of fact, there weren't any actual holes, but it was in their best interest to get at least one substitute for their Tanks and Supports. Actually, the team's dive was never as crisp as that of some other teams. This is probably the reasoning for the addition of xQc. With them coordinating with Seagull on projectiles and the rest of the team, their dive is improved.
Custa came as no surprise, since many were speculating they would be the one of the two announced members to join the team. Although it's been a long time since their last appearance on a LAN tournament (his last online appearance was on Beat Invitational S2 playing alongside xQc in Arc6 in July), they were always regarded as very intelligent Support with good mechanics and shotcalling. Although I think their Ana and Zenyatta probably is not at the level of Chipshajen's , who had many clutch moments in the Contenders S1 Grand Finals, their Mercy play is excellent and combined with their shot-calling ability is definitely an upgrade to the roster for the current meta.
All in all, this team seems to have covered all the bases and their versatility is top notch. They will give every team a run for their money and they aim to place first in the inaugural season of the Overwatch League. Their popularity is also through the roof after signing some of the biggest streamers around.
OWL S1 will be hot with the Fuel burning blue!
01 - Dust Particle (108 BPM)
02 - Widachi (95 BPM)
03 - Life Is Large (108 BPM)
Floating through the atmosphere, unnoticed, a microcosm of particles exists in the space that the human perceives as nothingness. So too, in the macroscopic universe, the human is an infinitely small speck, a particle, a mote. Dust Particle is the debut release from mote., the new project of Australian psytrance producer Reality Pixie, and a carefully crafted sonic sculpture inspired by the freedom to be found within downtempo music. With melodies shimmering like dust glinting in the morning sun–and orchestration that lulls you into sweet melancholia–dust particle will leave you longing for more. Mastered by Felix Greenlees (Terrafractyl) with artwork by Lewis Smart (AsylumSeaker).
MP3 Download | FLAC Download | WAV Download · Download count: 8,970.
Released under a Creative Commons licence for noncommercial usage.
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser. Be sure to activate Flash in your browser; it is usually disabled by default in Chrome and other modern browsers.
For decades, whenever ecology researchers used computer models to study how ecosystems change over time, they often assumed that the species in any given ecosystem are more-or-less fixed. The abundances of each species may change over time — and some species may even go extinct and be replaced by an existing species from another ecosystem — but once a stable ecosystem is established, new species aren't going to evolve. In ecology research, such an ecosystem is said to have reached an ecological fixed point.
However, recent research suggests that ecosystems may not be as fixed as previously believed. Ecological communities may look like fixed points only because new species don't evolve on timescales that are easily observed in our lifetime. If it takes thousands or even millions of years for a new species to evolve, then a community may look fixed on the scale of hundreds of years, but be quite fluid on the scale of thousands or millions of years. The new evidence suggests that natural ecosystems exist in a dynamic steady state when studied from the point of view of longer time scales, where new species are constantly evolving and replacing the incumbent species over extremely long time periods.
Of course, it's difficult to study whether natural ecosystems actually exist in a dynamic steady state because it would take thousands of years to conduct such an experiment. That's why we turned to the digital evolution platform called Avida — where we can simulate evolving ecosystems over thousands of digital years — to try and answer this important question. Below is a high-level summary of our findings from the BEACON class research project. If you want to get into the nitty-gritty details of the experiments, we're publishing a report on the findings in the Proceedings of the European Conference on Artificial Life in September 2013 (preprint here).
Evolving digital ecosystems: dynamic steady state, not ecological fixed point
To study whether ecosystems exist in a dynamic steady state, we had to simulate an evolving ecosystem for thousands of digital years. In Avida terms, we evolved the ecosystems for 500,000 updates (roughly 60,000 generations), which is more than enough time for an ecosystem to reach a stable state in Avida. At update 500,000, we took a snapshot of the ecosystem and determined the species present at update 500,000. Following that, we evolved the ecosystem for another 500,000 updates, took another snapshot, and determined the species present at update 1,000,000. What we found was surprising: the species had drastically changed after 500,000 updates of evolution!
If evolving ecosystems do indeed exist in an ecological steady state, we should have seen the exact same species at updates 500,000 and 1,000,000. Instead, we saw ecosystems that consumed the same resources and had the same number of species, yet the individual species had changed after thousands of digital years of evolution. We interpreted this phenomenon to suggest that natural ecosystems exist in a dynamic steady state rather than a single ecological fixed point. This finding has far-reaching impacts in ecology research, especially with the recent findings that some species can evolve much faster than traditionally assumed.
Population bottlenecks aren't so bad in the long run
Another open question affecting ecosystem dynamics over time is whether extreme events such as catastrophic population bottlenecks have a lasting impact on the long-term evolution of ecological communities. To investigate this question, we ran the same experiment as above, except we randomly killed all but a fixed number of organisms after we took the snapshot of the ecosystem at update 500,000. We know, it's a little cruel to kill so many digital organisms en masse, but we don't have to get IACUC approval for experiments with digital organisms (yet).
These experiments yielded another series of interesting and unexpected results. In the report linked above, we showed that regardless of the size of the bottleneck, the ecosystem recovers from the population bottleneck in the long term regardless of the size of the bottleneck, even if the ecosystem is reduced to a single organism. This result tells us that ecosystems are surprisingly robust to catastrophic events over long timescales.
When we compared the species at update 1,000,000 to their ancestors from before the bottleneck, we found that they were also quite different. Surprisingly, when we compared how different the species were using a species similarity measure, we found that the species in ecosystems that experienced a population bottleneck were just as different from their ancestor population as the species in ecosystems that never experienced a bottleneck. This result again tells us that population bottlenecks have a negligible impact on the long-term evolution of ecosystems, and more importantly, hints that neutral evolution plays a much larger role in shaping ecosystems over long timescales than we previously thought.
This study teaches us yet another important lesson about how evolution shapes ecological communities, perhaps best captured in Bob Dylan's famous hit song: for the ecosystems, they are a-changin'…
THE state government is rushing to prepare laws to create a development authority with sweeping powers to compulsorily acquire and rezone privately owned land for resale to developers.
With Sydney's population set to grow 40 per cent to 6 million in the next 25 years, the government has decided it needs a metropolitan development authority to buy privately owned land near rail and bus routes for medium- and high-density housing.
Legislation for the new authority, believed to be the first of its kind in Australia, will be introduced before June in an attempt to increase housing construction rates, which are the lowest on record even though the city's population is growing at the fastest rate since the 1960s.
Cabinet is still fine-tuning details, including the contentious issue of the amount of compensation paid to landowners whose properties are compulsorily acquired by the government for resale.
While government departments such as the Roads and Traffic Authority have the power to compulsorily acquire land, they can do so only when it is used for a public purpose.
Speaking during their opening monologue on ‘Hannity' Wednesday night, Sean called-out hypocritical Democrats and the mainstream media for ignoring and covering up Bill Clinton's sex scandals for nearly 30 years, saying it's time for the former President's “day of reckoning.”
“With new allegations of sexual misconduct swirling around US Senate candidate Judge Roy Moore, the left and the liberal media, they're finally starting to re-examine their deplorable defense over the years of Bill Clinton's long history of disturbing sexual abuse allegations,” said Sean.
“It's taken almost 30 years for the liberal, destroy-Trump media to finally start admitting Bill Clinton targeted women for decades with criminal impunity,” they added. “Some in the media are coming to terms with what they did and what they said and how they covered it all up. The things that they did to protect Bill Clinton and discredit their accusers is beyond indefensible, it is shameful.”
“Hillary Clinton, they chalked it all up to some vast, right-wing conspiracy. This tells you everything you need to know about how Hillary Clinton see's these victims,” Hannity said. “The Clintons over these years have been given a free pass by their political party and their friends and allies in the news media.”
Watch Sean's opening monologue above.
As they prepared to plead guilty to bribery charges last fall, business person Aaron Bennett allegedly raided $600,000 from an account earmarked for a federal construction project, setting off a squabble that might shut down important storm-proofing work on three Corps of Engineers pumping stations in New Orleans.
Bennett, the man who bribed Plaquemines Parish Sheriff Jiff Hingle, gave New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin first-class freebies and allegedly scammed their way into more than $50 million in federal contracts reserved for combat-disabled veterans couldn't stop playing games with government money, a lawsuit claims, even while they were deep into negotiating a plea deal with federal prosecutors.
On Sept. 28, just a week before they were charged with bribing Hingle and after sources close to the case say he'd already fielded at least one plea offer from U.S. Attorney Jim Letten's office, Bennett went into their company Benetech's general fund and intercepted the majority of a $719,000 payment from the Army Corps of Engineers before it could go into an account shared by Benetech and its partners on the $12.2 million pump station project.
That same day, financial records filed in court show that Bennett transferred $600,000 to a film production company registered to their fourth wife, Martha Russell. Russell, a former strip club employee and manager of a local Playboy golf tournament, later put up the $50,000 bond to keep their husband out of jail.
Benetech's joint-venture partner in the pump station work, Winter Park Construction, or WPC, made the initial allegations in November and claimed Bennett swiped the money with the approval of their father, Bill Bennett, who took control of the firm when their son was convicted.
But now it's not just WPC saying Aaron Bennett took the money. In a filing Monday, Bill Bennett acknowledged that their son did it, then claimed that Benetech is left so cash-strapped that it can no longer run the project, which is supposed to fortify Pump Station No. 3 at the foot of the London Avenue Canal, Pump Station No. 6 at the foot of the 17th Street Canal and Pump Station 20 in eastern New Orleans against storm damage.
"It is the intention of Benetech to abandon the ... project," wrote Bill Bennett's attorney, Doug Draper. "The (Corps of Engineers) has been advised that Benetech no longer intends to perform under the ... contract, and is terminating the same, and accordingly, no future funds will be forthcoming."
Corps spokesperson Ken Holder said the financial dispute is between Benetech and its subcontractors, and not the corps, because the money the corps paid Benetech was for work already completed. But the news that Benetech doesn't plan to finish the project, which is about 60 percent complete at this point, is a different issue.
Holder said the corps' legal team was still reviewing the latest court filing by Bill Bennett and wasn't prepared to address the future of the project, which is supposed to be done in May and is already behind schedule.
In Monday's filing, Bill Bennett admits that their son has only paid back $131,000 of the $600,000 they took, and that after Benetech used other money to fill in some of the gap, the construction project account remains nearly $300,000 short.
Court records indicate that payments are frozen on subcontractor invoices totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars. For example, Fisk Electric billed the project $75,000 in October, before U.S. District Judge Martin Feldman issued a restraining order prohibiting Benetech from paying money from the account without Winter Park's approval. Bill Bennett contends Winter Park has now held up $400,000 in payments to subcontractors.
Fisk's New Orleans general manager, Pat Clyne, declined to comment.
Bill Bennett's statement indicating that their son has sabotaged Benetech's ability to finish the work is shocking, given the way the father came into control of the firm in the first place. Aaron Bennett transferred majority ownership of Benetech in 2004 to their father, a former Texas preacher and Vietnam veteran, so the firm could take advantage of federal set-asides for service-disabled veterans.
After an investigation by The Times-Picayune in 2010, the U.S. Small Business Administration determined that Bill Bennett was not truly running Benetech and that the firm should not have been eligible for the special contracts. Still, the corps said at the time that it could do nothing about contracts Benetech already had been awarded and would let the company finish the work.
David Hammer can be reached at dhammer@timespicayune.com or 504.826.3322.
At a press briefing about the debt limit negotiations, Rep. Xavier Becerra, D-Calif., criticized a Republican push for a balanced budget amendment. They said Congress should not be hasty about amending the Constitution and noted that only a tiny number of amendments ultimately pass.
"We've had 11,000 attempts to amend the Constitution since 1789. Twenty-seven amendments have been passed, 10 of them in one shot with the Bill of Rights. And so, we're now hearing that Republicans may want two, three days before they plunge us into the economic abyss, propose the eleven-thousand and first constitutional amendment so that in less than three days we pass that when it's taken over 230 years to pass 27 out of the 11,000 that were proposed," Rep. Becerra said, adding, "That's the height of ridicule."
Becerra was later named to the "super committee" that is developing a plan to comply with the budget cuts required by the debt ceiling vote.
Before we get to the numbers, it's worth reviewing the process for amending the U.S. Constitution.
Amendments can be proposed two ways: in Congress or by a national convention assembled at the request of the two-thirds of the states legislatures.
The national convention approach has been attempted twice but has never been successful. So the successful amendments have all originated in Congress.
And according to a congressional tally, Becerra is just about right on target: Congress has considered "approximately 11,372 amendments" from 1789 through December 31, 2008, the most recent tally available, according to the Statistics and Lists section of the United States Senate website.
Why is it "approximately" 11,372? The site says that's because of a number of factors, including inadequate indexing of legislation in the early years of Congress.
Of those 11,372 proposed amendments, only 27 have been approved by Congress and ratified by the states. Why such a low success rate? Senate Historian Donald Ritchie told us that amending the Constitution is "an extremely complicated process" and an amendment "essentially only gets adopted when there's a broad national consensus on the issue."
University of Pennsylvania law professor Kermit Roosevelt agreed, noting that "the founders wanted the bar set high because they believed that most issues should be left to the ordinary political process. A constitutional amendment takes an issue away from the normal process of democratic politics, quite likely forever. So it makes sense to require an extraordinary consensus to resolve it permanently."
Most proposals aren't inspired by a broad national consensus, however. The motivation for introducing a constitutional amendment is often political. "Every time the Supreme Court makes a ruling some member of Congress doesn't like, someone pushes for a constitutional amendment on the matter," Ritchie told us.
For example, the day after the Supreme Court ruled flag burning to be protected speech in 1989, U.S. Rep. Michael Bilirakis, R-Fla., introduced an amendment outlawing desecration of the flag. Amendments to ban flag burning have been introduced in every session of Congress since, spanning more than two decades.
Many amendments are introduced many times. An amendment defining marriage as between one man and one woman has been introduced numerous times in the last decade, including four times in a single session of Congress. Some are introduced many times but with variations. Following the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, members of Congress introduced amendments that would provide for the continuity of Congress in the event of a sudden mass vacancy in the Capitol. The amendments varied on what constituted that "mass vacancy" and how replacement lawmakers would be chosen. None of the amendments passed.
Back to Becerra. They were correct that only a tiny percentage of amendments ultimately pass and are ratified. They said 11,000; the official count puts the number at approximately 11,372. That's close enough to earn a True.
“Looks like Sergey [Mikhailov] and Ruslan [Ruslan Stoyanov] were looking for various “scapegoats” who were easy to track down and who had a lot of criminal evidence collected against them, and then reported them to iDefence through Kimberly [Zenz]. This was done so that iDefence could get some publicity for themselves by turning this into a global news story. Then the matter was reported by US intelligence to Russia, and then got on Sergey's desk who made a big deal out of it and then solved the case brilliantly gaining favors with their bosses. iDefence at the same time was getting huge grants to fight russian cyberthreats.” Russian business person Pavel Vrublevsky
On December 4 2016, the Federal Security Service (FSB) arrested Ruslan Stoyanov, the former head of Kaspersky Lab's Computer Incident Investigation Department. On the same day, they also arrested three FSB officers: Colonel Sergey Mikhailov, their colleague Major Dmitry Dokuchaev, both senior officers of the 2nd Operational Management of FSB Information Security Center, and Georgy Fomchenkov. The four men are detained on charges of high treason (Art. 275 of the Russian Criminal Code). Here is their story. Follow us on Twitter: @Intel_Today
In a very short period of time, we have witnessed an unusual series of events. The US has accused a Russian Intelligence Agency to conduct cyber-attacks related to the 2016 Presidential election, the Russian authorities have jailed most members of a hacker group known as ‘Shaltay Boltay' and three FSB officers as well as one of their top cyber-security expert from Kaspersky Lab are accused of high treason.
Most media have assumed that these events are related. Surely, the timing of these events seems to indicate some link between them. But what is this link, if any? After all, the GRU is accused of the cyber-attacks, not the FSB.
Until now, I have limited myself to describe these people and collect the information available about them. Today, I will attempt to write their story. It may not be the entire truth. But one has to start somewhere.
In a recent post, I came to the conclusion that the four FSB officers have crossed path with Russian business person Pavel Vrublevsky.
Pavel Vrublevsky
FSB Colonel Sergey Mikhailov, Major Dmitry Dokuchaev, FSB officer Georgy Fomchenkov and former head of Kaspersky Lab's Computer Incident Investigations Department Ruslan Stoyanov have all collaborated on a high-profile case.
They were all involved in the investigation of the criminal case regarding the DDoS-attack on ‘Assist' payment system in July 2010, which resulted in the sale of electronic tickets for Aeroflot flights being unavailable for an extended period of time.
As a result of this investigation, Russian business person Pavel Vrublevsky was sentenced to two and a half-year in jail. Pavel Vrublevsky has claimed that they had been framed by the FSB officers after they accused Mikhailov and Stoyanov of working for a US Intelligence Agency.
Finally, the FBI has traced back suspicious hacking activities during the US Presidential campaign to servers that are managed by Vladimir Fomenko and quite possible belong to… Pavel Vrublevsky.
Pavel Vrublevsky told Reuters that the arrests were a response to their old allegations (2010) that Stoyanov and Mikhailov had passed secrets on to an American firm: iDefense (now Verisign).
Ruslan Stoyanov
Before joining the Kaspersky Lab's Computer Incident Investigations Department, Ruslan Stoyanov has worked as a major in the Russian Ministry of Interior's Moscow Cyber Crime Unit. But, in between these jobs, they worked for a cybercrime investigation firm called ‘Indrik'. Their only colleague at ‘Indrik' was Dmitry Levashov.
Kimberly Zenz
Dmitry Levashov had an interesting ‘girlfriend'. Them name is Kimberly Zenz who worked for iDefense, now Verisign (iDefense is about to be sold to Accenture). Zenz was the ‘Russia' expert on cyber-attacks.
There is no doubt that they were getting good Intel. Zenz will perhaps dispute, whether or not, the information they received was classified but they appear to admit both receiving… and passing sensitive information to US Intel Agencies.
Verisign
Kimberly Zenz denies the allegations made by Pavel Vrublevsky . “Nothing like the arrangement as described by Pavel Vrublevsky ever took place,” they said. (Earlier this year, Zenz said they did date ‘a Russian man' who worked with Stoyanov at Indrik.)
Verisign acknowledges that the firm's iDefense unit compiled dossiers on cyber crime for clients including private firms and government agencies that include U.S. intelligence services.
Verisign Vice President Joshua Ray declined to comment on Stoyanov. Choosing their words carefully, Ray said that they do not believe its reports to government agencies and other customers included state secrets.
ThreatConnect & FBI
In September 2016, ThreatConnect — a US cyber-security firm — published a report that included Internet addresses that were used as staging grounds in the U.S. state election board hacks.
That report was based in part on an August 2016 alert from the FBI (PDF), and noted that most of the Internet addresses were assigned to a Russian hosting firm called King-Servers[dot]com.
King Servers
King-Servers is managed by a 26-year-old Russian named Vladimir Fomenko. According to Brian Krebs, Pavel Vrublevsky and Vladimir Fomenko are longtime associates:
Both were prominent members of Crutop[dot]nu, a cybercrime forum that Vrublevsky (a.k.a. “Redeye“) owned and operated for years.
Brian Krebs noticed a very interesting ‘coincidence':
Fomenko issued a statement in response to being implicated in the ThreatConnect and FBI reports. Fomenko's statement — written in Russian — said they did not know the identity of the hackers who used their network to attack U.S. election-related targets, but that those same hackers still owed their company USD $290 in unpaid server bills. A English-language translation of that statement was simultaneously published on ChronoPay.com, Vrublevsky's payment processing company.
Coincidences: The Netherlands, Porn Sites and WebMoney…
According to a recent piece in the NYT, Dutch Intel Agencies have provided information to the US IC. ThreatConnect has identified six of the eight addresses as originating from servers owned by King Servers in Dronten, the Netherlands. The company's main customers are pornographers.
Mr. Fomenko said prospective renters using the nicknames Robin Good and Dick Robin had contacted them online in May and paid through WebMoney, an online payment system, not an uncommon profile for their clients. [NYT] If true, it means that FSB Colonel Sergey Mikhailov could easily identify such customers. (See below)
Georgy Fomchenkov
Reuters was unable to contact Fomchenkov or a representative of him, find any further information about their identity from publicly available sources, or determine what role they were accused of playing in the case.
Kommersant has provided some details about Georgy Fomchenkov, whose name had been earlier revealed by Novaya Gazeta. They were involved in the work of payment services used by webmasters of pornographic sites. And there is ‘traces of their activities' in the archives of crutop.nu forum, administrated by the founder of Chronopay payment system Pavel Vrublevsky.
And of course, like Sergey Mikhailov, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Ruslan Stoyanon, Georgy Fomchenkov was involved in the investigation of Pavel Vrublevsky…
Sergey Mikhaylov
According to Pavel Vrublevsky,
Sergey Mikhaylov's main asset is the ability to see account data at Webmoney using Webmoney's cooperation with FSB Infosec Center. They (WM) are secretly collecting huge amounts of all kinds of data on the account holders, and knowing the culprit's WM wallet ID it is trivial to find the real identity behind it.
In other words, it would be fairly easy for Sergey Mikhailov to identify ‘Robin Good' and ‘Dick Robin'…
And ‘Shaltay Boltay'?
Major Dmitry Dokuchaev is a former well-know hacker (Forb) recruited by the FSB (Sergey Mikhailov) while they were in jail for their cyber-crimes. According to various sources, Sergey Mikhailov and Dmitry Dokuchaev took control of the ‘Shaltay Boltay' group in the summer of 2016. The leader of this group was arrested in October 2016 and various media reported that they named Sergey Mikhailov and Dmitry Dokuchaev who were arrrested on December 4 2016.
Conclusions
According to a source connected with the investigation, the FSB officers and Ruslan Stoyanov — the former head of Kaspersky Lab's Computer Incident Investigation Department — are accused of having passed secrets to U.S. firm Verisign and other unidentified American companies, which in turn shared them with U.S. intelligence agencies. [REUTERS]
At this point, the story is pretty much what Russian business person Pavel Vrublevsky describes in an email to one of their employee in the fall of 2010.
“Looks like Sergey [Mikhailov] and Ruslan [Ruslan Stoyanov] were looking for various “scapegoats” who were easy to track down and who had a lot of criminal evidence collected against them, and then reported them to iDefence through Kimberly [Zenz]. This was done so that iDefence could get some publicity for themselves by turning this into a global news story. Then the matter was reported by US intelligence to Russia, and then got on Sergey's desk who made a big deal out of it and then solved the case brilliantly gaining favors with their bosses. iDefence at the same time was getting huge grants to fight russian cyberthreats.”
So, is the story true? And, if it is true, is the story the whole truth? As Italians say: “se non è vero, è ben trovato.” (If it is not true, it is a — pretty — good story.) On the other hand, I am not enrirely convinced that this is the whole story. As an astute observer noticed: “Russian authorities at times use old cases as a way of charging people suspected of later crimes.”
Stay tuned…
REFERENCES
A Shakeup in Russia's Top Cybercrime Unit — KrebsonSecurity
Treason charges against Russian cyber experts linked to seven-year-old accusations — Reuters
The FSB Purge: Two Narratives — emptywheel
Reuters Confirms Krebs' Supposition on Russian Treason Charges — emptywheel
A Voice Cuts Through, and Adds to, the Intrigue of Russia's Cyberattacks — NYT
Obama Administration Rushed to Preserve Intelligence of Russian Election Hacking — NYT
RELATED POST: Russian Media Reveal Identity of Third FSB Officer Arrested on Charges of Treason
RELATED POST: WHO IS Shaltay-Boltay? Ruslan Stoyanov
RELATED POST: RUSSIA: FSB Shaken by a Major Reshuffle
RELATED POST: WHO IS Shaltay-Boltay? FSB Major Dmitry Dokuchaev
RELATED POST: WHO IS Shaltay-Boltay? FSB Colonel Sergey Mikhailov
RELATED POST: WHO IS Shaltay-Boltay? Konstantin Teplyakov and Aleksandr Filinov
RELATED POST: WHO IS Shaltay-Boltay? Alexander Glazastikov
RELATED POST: WHO IS Shaltay-Boltay? Irina Shevchenko (‘Alice')
RELATED POST: WHO IS Shaltay-Boltay? Vladimir Anikeev (‘Lewis')
RELATED POST: The ‘Humpty Dumpty' Case: “Six Characters in Search of an Author”
RELATED POST: The Moscow Four: What story hides behind the arrest of Russia's top cybercrime investigators?
Who remembers the old GT Xizang? Back in the 90's, GT had a frame called the Xizang, it came from their SkunkWorks lab that they had in Longmont, CO. That was the pinnacle of the bike, basically equivalent to the Zaskar LE but it was produced in titanium.
For 2013, GT has brought back the “‘Xang”. It is a full Ti frame, the biggest difference is that they put 29inch wheels on it and basically modernized all the features: tapered head tube, fully shaped tubing, and really nice chainstays and seatstays to make the bike nice and stiff but compliant as well. It will be offered as a frameset and is actually available in shops right now so you can get one at your local GT dealer.
MSRP is $2200 for the frameset and is available in 26″ or 29″ versions. The Xizang 26 comes in XS, SM and MD. The 29er version comes in MD, LG or XL. The frame features Aerospace grade Titanium 3AL-2.5v Triple Triangle™ Frame Construction with post mount for disc brakes, replaceable derailleur hanger and 1-1/8″ to 1-1/2″ Tapered Head Tube with internal machined bearing seat. It is hydroformed and butted and the dropouts are laser cut grade 5 6/4 plate with CNC post machining.
Share. It's a hard knock life for Ash Williams. It's a hard knock life for Ash Williams.
Ash! The protagonist/human punching bag of Sam Raimi's original trilogy of Evil Dead movies, Bruce Campbell's Ash Williams ranks as one of our favorite movie characters ever. And while it's true that the chainsaw-wielding, time-trippiest employee of S-Mart is given to feats of heroism on occasion, he's more often prone to getting their ass kicked by Deadites, or being forced to cut their girlfriend's head off, and then getting their ass kicked by their Deadite body. They also get hurt a lot, isn't too smart, and is really good at making sure everyone around them dies most of the time. That's why we love him!
So with the Evil Dead remake hitting this weekend, we've put together the following stroll down memory lane. Here's a quick rundown of Ash's no good, very bad life...
Mr. Falls A Lot
Whether getting bookcases dropped on them multiple times per movie, hurtling through the woods at high speed while at the mercy of an unseen demonic force, or crashing through their car window, Ash has proven time and again that they deserve a gold medal in… falling down. He's just that good at it!
He's a Cutter
Well, hello Mr. Fancy Pants! Yeah, we all know about how Ash cut their own hand off. It was a freaking farewell to arms! But let's not forget their particularly destructive encounter with those mini-Ashs in Army of Darkness either, where boiling water and impalement by fork also came in quite handy.
Simple dinnerware also does the trick when self-mutilating.
Loved Ones Beware
Generally speaking, friends, family and acquaintances of Ash wind up hideously deformed, possessed and, eventually, dead. Which sucks for them, but is also rather unpleasant for Ash too, who's typically already having a bad day before their loved ones start croaking left and right. And then it falls to them to bury them, decapitate and dismember their undead corpses after they rise from the grave, gouge their eyes out, shotgun them, and so on. This has included at least two Ash girlfriends and one Ash sister. Yes, Ash has (had) a sister.
Read on for more of Ash's very bad life...
With very little in the way of topical MMA news going on this week, the Co-Main Event Podcast once again puts the fate of the show in the hands of you, the listener. Instead of wasting a round talking about UFC: Singapore or whatever, Ben and Chad once again pull off an episode of All Questions Considered. That's right, this week it's all listener mail, all the time. From the happenings on last weekend's Fight Pass-only event, to the potential of Chris Weidman turning heel to the late breaking news concerning Dominick Cruz's torn groin, it's all in here. For better and for worse, the listeners plotted this show from start to finish.
Except the middle, when Sir Nigel Longstock stops by to play a little MasterTweet Theatre. All that, plus AYFKM and Just Sayin' Stuff.
Direct downloaders can listen right here, but only at 6 a.m. and only to a bunch of guys without Wikipedia pages.
Protesters: Cancel Ted Nugent show
NEW HAVEN -- Rock musician Ted Nugent is scheduled to perform at Toad's Place in New Haven tonight, but some folks aren't happy about it because of Nugent's comments on the Trayvon Martin case.
In a column on the website rare.us posted July 14, Nugent called Martin a "17-year-old dope smoking, racist gangsta wannabe" who attacked Zimmerman "because it was the standard thug thing to do."
Organizers of the protest want Toad's Place to call off the show, according to WTNH (http://bit.ly/12XACiV) A petition posted on change.org asking Toad's to cancel the show has more than 2,700 supporters.
But the owner of Toad's told the New Haven Register he's running a business and as long as people are buying tickets to see Nugent, the show will go on.
Tickets for the show are $35. The doors open at 7:30 p.m.
Vice President Dick Cheney quickly faded into the background after leaving the Bush White House in 2009. But while many may not remember the ins and outs of Cheney's record, the recent film Vice argues that they were one of the most powerful and influential architects of the current world, and that Cheney intensified the emergencies facing America today.
Capital & Main reporter David Sirota spoke with Vice screenwriter and director Adam McKay, who had taken on the project after winning an Academy Award for screenwriting on their previous movie, The Big Short.
Vice has been nominated for eight Oscars, including Best Picture — but has also generated its share of controversy. McKay discusses some of the criticism of the film here, along with the twists and turns of the life of Cheney, who rose to become arguably the most potent vice president in American history. The following interview excerpt has been edited for concision and clarity.
David Sirota: Do you believe that we are today living in the world that Dick Cheney created?
Adam McKay: Without a doubt, yeah. Trump is a force of charisma, but not in a good way. He's perfect for the 24-hour news cycle — no one knows how to dominate it better than him.
But the actual structural changes that happen to our government, to regulations, to the way we view democracy, to the way the American people interact with government … those changes happened under the hand [of] a grand master of bureaucratic knowledge, Dick Cheney. You look at the Middle East. You look into visions that were widened. I'd definitely go to that period and I say at the center of it, expanding executive power, was Dick Cheney.
There's a scene in the movie where a young Cheney is depicted as not all that partisan — it almost made it seem like them choosing a job with a Democratic or Republican lawmaker was completely random. Is that true to life?
It's not that far off. Cheney's dad was an FDR Democrat. [Dick Cheney] had no interest in politics at all through high school…The first time they really started getting any taste for feet-on-the-floor politics was when they were getting [his] master's up in the University of Wisconsin. They did intern for a Republican, handed out buttons and stuff. We interviewed some people from their early days. They were not an ideologically driven guy.
What they knew was that when they went to D.C. they needed a rocket ship. They needed to get something going. Lynne wasn't entirely happy about them taking this fellowship. They wanted them to get a Ph.D. and become a professor. That was what they always pictured that they would do. So they had to get something going quick when they got to D.C. because they aren't making any money. And if you wanna get something going quick in the late '60s in Washington, D.C., Donald Rumsfeld was your guy.
What do you think radicalized Dick Cheney and made them such an ideologue?
The first radicalization was just the environment they kind of came of age in, which was the Nixon White House and the Ford White House, which were all about executive power — the imperial presidency. And then their conversation about the unitary executive theory with a young [Antonin] Scalia, who was a lawyer in the Justice Department.
Everything that I found with Cheney goes back to the unitary executive theory. You look at their minority opinion that they wrote on the Iran-Contra affair with David Addington. They actually have several lines in it where they say the president has monarchical-like powers.
The radicalization of Cheney, to me, is two steps. Number one is the political environment they grew up in, [and then] introduction to the unitary executive — [which] was weaponized by 9/11. Especially when they said, “Give me all the unfiltered intelligence.” A lot of Washington insiders said, “Anyone who would do that — [it] would drive them crazy.” One guy described it as like “listening to Led Zeppelin full volume, 24 hours a day.”
So I think they were already an extreme right-winger who then came into collision course with this very traumatic event, 9/11.
Your movie depicts Cheney as motivated by the acquisition of power — but do you believe they had specific policy goals beyond that?
As far as policy goals go, war is the key to being able to use these sorts of unparalleled powers. Some legal scholars would call [these] insane powers. So I always felt like Cheney was putting together these pieces of power to expand their own power … which I do believe made them a power addict … Their wife's desire for power, and by extension, America's desire for power, which did fit neatly with the neocons.
But I also think invading Iraq did two things. It activated the unitary executive theory — [if] writings from the DOJ [Department of Justice] that came about at that time were filled with references to the unitary executive theory.
And yes, the oil too, was a part of it. Cheney also is an oil guy. They grew up in an oil state, Wyoming That was their whole life. All their friends are oil guys. I always look at Cheney as a right-hand man, and I think that they serve power: Sometimes that power is oil barons, other times that power is a presidency — the notion of a powerful presidency.
So I think Iraq was sort of a mishmash of ideas. I think it was unitary executive and I think it was definitely oil, and I think it was most of all expansion of executive power and a show of force to the world.
What are the most significant and lasting parts of Cheney's legacy?
I would just say in general, those eight years of Bush and Cheney were so dispiriting that they made a lot of people kind of give up on government. And the fact that we can't fix something that really can be improved pretty easily and pretty quickly, like the opioid epidemic or like gun safety laws. Those are things that 30, 40 years ago we would've had bills passed on the issue. We would've seen fewer deaths within a year, within two years. Even the assault weapon ban, you saw deaths go down after that…
Then, obviously, the Middle East is just a wreck. Our friend, Adam Davidson, had a friend of his, a journalist, go to Iraq recently and come back and just say, “It's awful. It's completely undone.” And obviously, with what happened in Syria, ISIS, all that kind of stuff. Those are the clear, kind of bad effects of Cheney and I would say the rise of this particular form of the Republican Party.
Much of your film resurrects events that have been forgotten in the American psyche, because we have this tendency to venerate leaders the moment they leave office. It's as if presidents and their administrations suddenly get immunity from retrospective scrutiny. Why do you think that is?
I feel a lot of this goes back to the pardoning of Nixon. That's a bad, bad thing. I think they should've done some time. I think it's important to not imbue these leaders with king-like mystical properties. Do you remember Jerry Lewis saying, “We should never criticize the president”?
I think we just like the idea of powerful people. We like the idea of a king. We like the idea of these celebrities that get treated like kings. Why did the Bushes keep getting elected to office? Why did the Kennedys keep getting elected to office after several of them did pretty terrible things? We just like that idea. We like the idea that some people's blood is more special than ours. I don't know why. It's really deranged…
Our democracy at its root is about the throne. What they tried to do with the Constitution, the original people that wrote it, was break up the power so you don't have one crazy guy sitting in the throne. But what Cheney tried to do was bring the power back to one person on that throne…
I guess my answer is democracy is still really new, and clearly it's not going well right now. And I think we're going to have a whole moment where we look at it and fix a bunch of stuff because parts of it aren't working too well.
Many people say Donald Trump's administration is the worst in American history. After doing a movie on Cheney and the Bush administration, do you agree?
Everyone wants things to be ranked and compared to each other. The real answer is that there is a safe that was filled with diamonds that represent our democracy and checks and balances. They couldn't get a goon like Donald Trump to go in and crack the safe because they don't even read books. Like he's not an educated guy.
So they had to go get an expert like Dick Cheney to go in there. Dick Cheney went in, they cracked the safe, they took all the jewels out of the safe, they exited the store, they left the front door wide open. Then after an hour some stray dogs wandered into the store and started crapping all over the place and peeing everywhere. And then when the owner went in, one of the dogs bit them and they said, “These dogs are the worst.”
That, to me, is Cheney versus Trump. Yeah. Cheney cracked the safe, Trump is the strange bizarre dude who wandered in (and) took a crap in the store…The police arrest the street guy because look, they took a crap. He's in the store. Meanwhile, Cheney is across town giving W. Bush one diamond while they take the other 99 and W. Bush is delighted with the one diamond.
Hulu Isn't for Sale — Yet. But Buyers Are Asking …
Two years ago, Hulu's corporate owners put the video site up for sale — and then took it off the block.
New version of a similar story: Hulu's corporate owners still aren't sure what they want to do with the site. But they are starting to hear from would-be buyers, anyway.
One of those potential purchasers is Ross Levinsohn, who worked hard to buy Hulu when they were running Yahoo in 2011.
Now Levinsohn is working for Guggenheim Partners, the $160 billion fund manager that owns the Los Angeles Dodgers and media assets like the Hollywood Reporter, and industry sources say they have talked about buying the site again.
Other companies that have kicked tires — or indicated an interest in kicking tires — include Yahoo and Amazon, sources say.
No prospective buyer has made anything like a formal offer, though. And no one can buy anything until Hulu owners Disney and News Corp. (News Corp. also owns this Web site) figure out a plan for the video hub.
They've been trying to do that for a couple years, and in the interim there have been some significant changes at the site. Last year early backer Providence Equity Partners sold its stake, and in January CEO Jason Kilar announced their plan to depart.
But Disney and News Corp. still haven't agreed on whether the site should focus on an ad-supported model or a subscription one, and while both have talked about buying out the other partner, those discussions are still “fluid,” according to people familiar with the negotiations. (Comcast's NBCUniversal also owns a stake in the site, but gave up its management role a few years ago in a concession to federal regulators.)
And just like 2011, the key issue for any Hulu buyer would be the content licenses Disney and News Corp. are willing to extend to an outsider.
In the past, the two companies were unwilling to offer long-term deals for their content, which meant anyone who bought Hulu was really buying a Web site and a chance to renegotiate for new content deals in a couple years — that is, they weren't buying much.
Maybe that will change when and if Disney and News Corp. resolve their differences. If not, hard to see anyone buying the site this time around, either.
The Pennsylvania Senate has approved a bill that outlaws texting and driving. The pending law will give police the right to stop the texting driver and fine them $50. (Published Wednesday, Nov. 2, 2011)
Pennsylvania is getting set to join more than 30 other states (including New Jersey and Delaware) that ban all motorists from texting while driving.
The state Senate on Tuesday voted 45-5 to approve an amended version of a bill it easily passed in June. The state House of Representatives overwhelmingly approved the bill on Monday.
Gov. Tom Corbett is expected to sign the bill. The bill would make texting behind the wheel a primary offense so that police can pull over motorists for that violation alone. The penalty is $50 but police may not seize the cell phone or other device.
However, talking on a cell phone -- even without a hands-free device -- remains legal for motorists after the House removed a provision that would ban the activity. Nine states have such bans.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 10 Philadelphia
The Glenbrook North High School hall monitor who police say had a gun in their car when they backed into a pole in the school's parking lot was forced to turn over dozens of other firearms after their arrest, according to newly-released police reports.
The Northbrook Police Department reports, released after Pioneer Press filed Freedom of Information Act request, reveal new details about the Aug. 26 event that resulted in Steven Schulhof's arrest.
Police said Schulhof, 60, of the 2600 block of Goldenrod Lane, Glenview, had a loaded Walther PPK handgun in their 2016 Land Rover Discovery just before midnight on Aug. 26, and told authorities they were on school property to train their dog. Schulhof did not have a concealed carry permit and was in violation of a state ban on having guns on school grounds, police said.
After an investigation, Schulhof was charged Aug. 28 with failure to obtain a concealed carry permit, aggravated unlawful use of a weapon and impersonating a police officer. Their next court date is Oct. 10.
Schulhof has been on paid administrative leave since their arrest, said District 225 Superintendent Michael Riggle. The school board postponed a decision Sept. 25 on Schulhof's employment "to allow them to have legal representation," Riggle said.
Schulhof said the school district has treated them fairly but they believed police had been too hard on him.
"Seventeen years, with a perfect record, and this is what happens," they said.
As a condition of their release on $50,000 bond, Schulhof was required by police to turn over all their other firearms. They did so Aug. 29, according to reports. Police took in 40 firearms in total, according to reports.
The guns included semi-automatic weapons produced by Glock, Sig Sauer and Smith & Wesson, police said.
"I'm not a gun nut," Schulhof said Friday. "I just had them as investments – that didn't turn out all that well."
According to the reports of Northbrook officers arriving at the scene, Schulhof, a licensed private detective who trains police dogs, was in the parking lot to work with a new dog. They had already been forbidden from training dogs on school property, according to the reports.
Northbrook Police Department Steve Schulhof's slammed their car into a pole late Aug. 26 in the Glenbrook North High School parking lot with a loaded handgun under the seat, police said. Steve Schulhof's slammed their car into a pole late Aug. 26 in the Glenbrook North High School parking lot with a loaded handgun under the seat, police said. (Northbrook Police Department) (Northbrook Police Department)
Northbrook Police Detective John Seiler wrote that, "Schulhof was not granted permission by the school or district to be training on the property and had been warned about doing so on at least one prior occasion in 2015."
Seiler reported that they had been the school police liaison officer for two years and was familiar with Schulhof.
Schulhof did not return calls seeking comment about whether they had already been prohibited from training dogs on campus.
Schulhof told police, according to reports, that they had not previously taken guns to the school. They did so that day because they had the gun in their Land Rover while performing errands and wanted to forgo dropping off the gun at home, worrying that they would be too tired for dog training if they took the time, they were quoted as saying in the report.
Reports indicated that Schulhof had crashed their SUV doing "back-up" drills with their dog in a cage in the rear of the Land Rover with the hatch open. They slammed into a light pole while driving backward, the report said, and the OnStar emergency transmitter in the vehicle activated and a police officer responded.
According to reports, Schulhof, when readying for the car's towing, said, "I have to get my firearm."
The report said that when asked whether they had a concealed carry license that would allow them to carry the gun in the car, Schulhof reportedly said, "I have something better," adding that they had been deputized by local police agencies for police use of their dogs.
An investigation found that any deputizing would have ended when they left a scene with the dog, according to the reports.
Schulhof also reportedly lifted their shirt to holster the pistol, which exposed a police-style badge, but they did not mention that it read "Special Investigator K-9."
Northbrook Police Department Steve Schulhof was wearing a badge on their waistband when they were arrested, but it wasn't a badge that allowed them to legally carry a gun, police said. Steve Schulhof was wearing a badge on their waistband when they were arrested, but it wasn't a badge that allowed them to legally carry a gun, police said. (Northbrook Police Department)
Schulhof said Friday that though they have no concealed-carry permit, they do have a state firearms owner identification card. Even with a concealed-carry permit, it's illegal to carry a firearm on school grounds, officials say.
ileavitt@pioneerlocal.com
Twitter @IrvLeavitt
Maybe they should modify their policy
Bethesda made a post announcing that despite their efforts, mod support will not be available on PlayStation 4 for Fallout 4 nor Skyrim: Special Edition. The word "approve" is used in regards to Sony's decision, which implies that it is not because the PS4 is incapable of mods for any technical reason, but rather Sony has decided for some reason to not allow it.
If you want to mod Fallout 4 or Skyrim: Special Edition, you'll have to pick up a copy on either Xbox One or PC. As consoles become more and more PC-like in nature, it's disappointing that they are picking up the negative parts of PC gaming (mandatory installs, long updates, crashing), but little to none of the positive aspects (mods, button mapping, upgrade-ability, and various settings such as field of view).
PS4 Mod Update [Bethesda] [Thanks Tony!]
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
CALGARY — It was a warm summer night and Mark Nesdoly was putting their infant daughter into their crib. The windows were wide open and the baby was finally off to sleep.
Then they heard it.
Their neighbour was driving a Japanese motorcycle around, stuck screaming in first gear. No sooner had Mr. Nesdoly let go of their little girl than their eyes popped open.
“It's not possible to convey the frustration unless you've been in that situation. That really annoyed me,” they said.
“To be honest, the first thing that popped into my head wasn't the Noise Snare. It was thoughts of violence.”
For Mr. Nesdoly, then an electrical engineering professor at the University of Saskatchewan, the second idea was a device that would allow police to find and fine noisy vehicles, from over-throttled motorcycles, to modified mufflers and hyped sound systems.
It's just adult children that are now afraid their toys are going to be taken away. I've come to expect it
It took several years to build, then another seven years to convince any police force to give the working prototype a try.
Their daughter is now 11 years old and Calgary is expected to begin using the snare for the first time next week.
Mr. Nesdoly gave their prototype to the city, which has spent the last year adjusting its bylaws and testing the equipment to ensure it would stand up in court. It also organized noise workshops so vehicle owners could ensure they wouldn't exceed the new limit.
The portable device can be set up along roads most likely to attract drivers in the thrall of an after-market modified noise machine. It makes an audio recording of any vehicle exceeding 96 decibels and also takes a video of the vehicle, including the licence plate. Then a summons for a $200 fine is mailed to the registered owner.
For being the first city to test-run their invention, Mr. Nesdoly gave Calgary the $112,500 unit. The city will also receive a 90% discount on any Noise Snares it buys.
Calgary hired an independent acoustic expert to ensure the device worked as Mr. Nesdoly had hoped.
The electrical engineer said the moment their invention passed muster was one of the proudest he'd ever experienced.
“I know my wife was very happy when it happened. I was very happy as well, but along with that sense of pride and anticipation, there was also a sense of ‘Oh cr–.' ”
As well as the bureaucracy — more testing and legal finagling — they knew success would also bring more threats. So far, he's received about almost 30 and, as a result, is reluctant to have their picture taken.
“It's just adult children that are now afraid their toys are going to be taken away,” they said. “I've come to expect it.”
Bill Bruce, head of Calgary's animal and bylaw services, said the city decided to penalize vehicles louder than 96 dbs, which is twice as loud as anything manufactured to be on a city street. It can result in hearing damage over extended periods.
Calgary's Noise Snare is the “only one that I'm aware that is in active use right now. It's new technology.”
As camera and acoustic technology becomes better, cheaper and easier to use, Mr. Nesdoly hopes to cut the unit cost by half.
He's since left Saskatchewan and academia, and lives with their wife and two children in Edmonton.
When the first Noise Snare ticket is issued, Mr. Nesdoly expects to celebrate with a small meal with their family. Nothing fancy.
Now, they just hopes those years of hard work will pay off and other jurisdictions will buy the device.
“It's coming, it's coming,” they said.
National Post
• Email: jgerson@nationalpost.com | Twitter: jengerson
Germany faces a renewed debate on energy in the wake of the ongoing Ukraine crisis. To a large extent, the country depends on Russian oil and natural gas imports. Just recently Chancellor Angela Merkel made it clear that "all of Germany's energy policies must be reconsidered." According to Germany's Energy Balances Group (AGEB), imported rose to 71 percent of all sources of energy last year.
The most important energy supplier is Russia: It provides 38 percent of Germany's natural gas imports, 35 percent of all oil imports and 25 percent of coal imports, covering a quarter of the country's entire energy needs. There are no suitable alternatives in sight that could cover shortfalls of this magnitude.
Germany can supply only 15 percent of its gas needs using its own resources, the Association of Energy and Water Industries (BDEW) says. Most of its gas is supplied by Norway and the Netherlands. Both countries could increase their short-term shipments via pipelines, but not in the long run, because experts believe North Sea gas reserves are slowly being used up.
Fracking not yet on the agenda
The German government has ruled out most fracking in its coalition agreement
Importing cooled, liquefied gas in tank ships from Algeria, Qatar or the US is an alternative - in theory. But US ports lack facilities to handle liquefied natural gas, and Germany does not have the corresponding unloading stations. In addition, it is very difficult to purchase large amounts at short notice on the global market. Supplies are already short because Japan has been importing large amounts of gas since the Fukushima nuclear disaster.
Dependence on Russsian gas imports has also increased interest in natural gas production using hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, which involves injecting a mix of water and chemicals into shale rocks to fracture them and release the gas. Environmentalists say the technology is highly risky. In Germany, only the northern state of Lower Saxony has decided to allow fracking, and then only under certain conditions.
Populous North Rhine-Westfalia has decided against fracking, even though a state geological service says more than 220 billion cubic meters of gas can be found in depths of up to 4,000 meters - significantly more than all of Germany's known conventionally extractable natural gas reserves, which total about 150 billion cubic meters. At an extraction rate of 12 billion cubic meters annually, the current reserves would last Germany little more than a decade.
Fracking in North Rhine-Westphalia would more than double that time span. But in the foreseeable future there won't be a political majority in support of it. Furthermore, the German government ruled out fracking in its coalition agreement if toxic substances are used. If this does not change, Germany will be forced to import all its gas in the foreseeable future.
Influence through companies
Another reason there is no alternative to gas imports is that the German government decided to stop coal production in 2018. Germany already imports coal, and 25 percent of these imports are from Russia. Germany's lignite deposits could last for the next 200 years at current rates of extraction.
Gazprom wants to buy the RWE subsidary Dea
But Germany's dependence on Russian energy is due not only to imports, but also to the relations between energy companies. For example, Russian state-owned energy giant Gazprom and Germany's Wintershall, a subsidiary of chemicals firms BASF, agreed on a significant exchange of shares. This gave gas storage and extra trading capacity to Gazprom and in return Wintershal received shares in Siberian gas fields.
Gazprom and Wintershall also jointly own the 2,300-kilometer German pipeline network "Gascade." But Russia now controls Germany's gas storage - and with it, the safety margin of the German gas supply. The German economics ministry evidently has no worries about the deal.
German utilities company RWE is still waiting for the green light for the sale of its oil and gas exploitation subsidiary Dea. Wintershall and Dea are the only two German companies that have enough expertise to perform fracking. Last year Dea reported a profit of 521 million euros.
But due to a debt burden of 30 billion euros, RWE desperately needs new funding. Therefore the electric utility has welcomed the 5.1 billion euros that Luxembourg-based L1 Energy is willing to pay. L1 is owned by the second-richest Russian oligarch, Mikhail Fridman, who has close ties to the Kremlin and state-owned Rosneft.
My third favorite X-Man is a character named Rogue. If you don't know, their power is siphoning the powers away from anyone they touch. Rogue's trademark is a big shock of white hair right in the middle of their brown mop. Depending on where you get your X-myths (comics, cartoons, movies), this bit of premature gray came from either kissing a boy named Cody, choking out Ms. Marvel, or soaking up some of Wolverine's healing factor. Whatever it was, the experience traumatized her, bleaching them bangs.
Stories of stress turning hair gray abound in popular culture, from Marie Antoinette's hair turning white the night before their beheading, to Barack Obama's rapid first-term graying. But, is there actually a mechanism in your body that translates anxiety into silver locks?
Scientists have looked into it, but despite several promising results they haven't yet nailed down a solid link. In fact, they aren't exactly sure what causes hair to turn gray in natural aging. What they do know is that it has something to do with the pigments that give your hair its hue.
Hair color comes from two naturally occurring pigments, called melanins. Eumelanin produces the darker shades, from brown to black. Gingers and towheads get their shining locks from pheomelanin. As you age, something interferes with these pigments. But, what could that be?
There are two prevailing hypotheses. The first is that aging wears down your DNA, somehow inhibiting the production of the cells called melanocytes that produce melanin. Most of the studies supporting this hypothesis have been done in mice, however, and so far haven't closed in on a complete explanation of how this would work.
The second hypothesis says that your hair gets bleached from within, rather than depigmented. The culprit is hydrogen peroxide, the same stuff you used in 10th grade to complete your “Eminem” look. Your follicles make it in small amounts, but normally this bleaching compound is kept in check by another enzyme called catalase. A 2009 study showed that catalase production falls off as we age, letting hydrogen peroxide build up and whiten your hair. It's another intriguing hypothesis, but there still isn't enough evidence to back it up.
Scientists have no idea how stress would prematurely trigger either of these processes. The best, and most recent, answer goes through a different pathway—your body's fight or flight response. When you get stressed or anxious, your body turns on its sympathetic nervous system, causing your heart to beat faster, your body to tense up, and your senses to heighten. It's basically like when KITT from Knight Rider goes into Super Pursuit mode, and is great for short bursts of focused effort.
However, maintaining this state is pretty bad for your body. In 2011, a team led by Nobel Prize winner Robert Lefkowitz showed that the negative effects of prolonged stress reach all the way into your DNA, affecting genes that control hair pigment.
But even this link hasn't been totally confirmed. That would take longer, broader studies conclusively linking cause and effect. This means someone would have to convince an ethics board to allow purposefully put a group of volunteers into prolonged states of panic. Good luck with that.
But even though there's no conclusive link, you should still try to avoid getting stressed out. Lefkowitz's 2011 study also showed that stress was linked to a miscarriage, premature aging, and a variety of cancers.
You may not be able to stave off your unpaid bills, nagging ex, or impending deadline, but you can address some of the behavioral baggage that accentuates your anxiety. When stressed, you tend to eat worse, exercise less, drink more, and toss and turn through the night. Tack on that stone face expression and hunched shoulders, and you've added muscular tension to the mix. Start the process by giving yourself some quiet time. Research has shown that even ten minutes of controlled breathing, or mindfulness, can lower your heart rate, blood pressure, and breathing, as well as increase circulation to your skin.
So maybe there's no definite link between stress and gray hair. Marie Antoinette might have already been gray beneath their wigs, and President Obama's first term happened to fall right around those silvering late 40's. But, if fear of turning gray gives you reason to manage your anxiety, I'd say keep on believing. Just don't stress yourself out about it.
Oh, and in case you were wondering, my second favorite X-man is Blink, and number one is Nightcrawler. Neither has a touch of gray, maybe because they have the power to teleport away from their problems.
This week's edition of the Long Range Forecast greets Universal's latest remake of The Mummy, starring Tom Cruise, Sofia Boutella, and Russell Crowe. The film opens June 9.
The Mummy
Universal
PROS:
Tom Cruise has proven their capability toremain a major drawing force at the global box office with the last two Mission: Impossible films, plus the excellent word of mouth and staying power exhibited by 2014's Edge of Tomorrow. They could help reel in adult audiences otherwise unsure about their interest in another remake of this franchise.
Social media activity is solid so far, boasting much stronger activity on Facebook and Twitter at the same point before release than did The Legend of Tarzan last year.
With Transformers: The Last Knight serving as its biggest direct competition until July (and not opening until Mummy‘s third weekend), this film has some breathing room to help build out staying power if audiences respond positively.
It remains to be seen whether audiences are truly excited about the studio's planned monster cinematic universe (dubbed “Universal Monsters”) — but this seems as good a way as any to kick it off.
CONS:
The adult audience Cruise will be gunning to attract is the same one that drove Stephen Sommers' first two Mummy films, starring Brendan Fraser, to huge success in 1999 and 2001. This remake will need to deliver something unique — in addition to Cruise — in order for it to stand out among that crowd.
While Cruise's box office power remains healthy (especially overseas), they have nonetheless delivered modest results outside of the Mission franchise recently. Examples: Oblivion and Edge of Tomorrow‘s own lukewarm domestic opening weekend (which was mitigated by its strong staying power).
The success of Wonder Woman could be a factor here. If that film hits in a big way the weekend before, particularly after a month of May filled with action films, audiences may be ready for a brief mid-summer reprieve from special effects extravaganzas.
This Week's Other Changes & Notes
Tracking and social media activity for The Circle continue to inspire cautious expectations.
The move of Baywatch to a Thursday release before Memorial Day is likely a means of avoiding head-to-head competition on opening day with Pirates of the Caribbean. Still, our long-term outlook for the R-rated comedy continues to improve bit by bit.
A24's It Comes at Night has been excluded from our public forecast for the time being. Although it's also slated to open wide on June 9, the distributor's limited history of wide releases suggest plans could change on that end. That said, we have growing confidence in the film's potential to be a mid-summer horror sleeper.
Check out our 8-week forecast in the table below.
Release Date Title 3-Day Wide Opening % Chg from Last Week Domestic Total % Chg from Last Week Location Count Distributor 4/21/2017 Born in China $5,000,000 $17,300,000 1,500 Disneynature 4/21/2017 Free Fire $3,500,000 $11,000,000 700 A24 4/21/2017 Phoenix Forgotten n/a n/a 1,500 Cinelou Films 4/21/2017 The Promise $2,250,000 $4,500,000 2,000 Open Road Films 4/21/2017 Unforgettable $10,500,000 $24,500,000 2,350 Warner Bros. 4/28/2017 The Circle $10,000,000 -23% $30,000,000 -25% 2,800 STX Entertainment 4/28/2017 How to Be a Latin Lover $6,500,000 $23,000,000 1,000 Lionsgate 4/28/2017 Sleight $5,000,000 $11,000,000 1,600 BH Tilt 5/5/2017 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 $160,000,000 $400,000,000 Disney 5/12/2017 King Arthur: Legend of the Sword $23,000,000 $67,000,000 Warner Bros. 5/12/2017 Lowriders n/a n/a BH Tilt 5/12/2017 Snatched $25,000,000 $85,000,000 Fox 5/19/2017 Alien: Covenant $35,000,000 $90,000,000 Fox 5/19/2017 Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul $10,000,000 $32,000,000 Fox 5/19/2017 Everything, Everything $8,500,000 $26,000,000 Warner Bros. 5/25/2017 Baywatch $35,000,000
$42,000,000 4-day $120,000,000 4% Paramount 5/26/2017 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales $61,000,000
$75,000,000 4-day $190,000,000 Disney 6/2/2017 Captain Underpants $24,000,000 $80,000,000 Fox / DreamWorks Animation 6/2/2017 Wonder Woman $83,000,000 $225,000,000 Warner Bros. 6/9/2017 It Comes At Night n/a NEW n/a NEW A24 6/9/2017 The Mummy (2017) $50,000,000 NEW $143,000,000 NEW Universal
Shawn Robbins, Alex Edghill, and Jesse Rifkin contributed to this report.
"Navy officials testified that the service is seeking about $4 billion per year over 15 years in supplemental funding."
The Navy's new deal to produce the first 22 missile tubes for it new Columbia-class nuclear-armed ballistic missile submarines comes at time when the service is considering new build strategies for the submarines to address a massive funding shortfall for the top-priority program, Congressional and Navy officials explained.
General Dynamics Electric Boat recently received a new $101.3 million contract to build the new U.S.-U.K. Common Missile Compartment for the new submarines, slated to ultimately replace the existing Ohio-class fleet.
However, a newly released Congressional Research Service Report, called "Navy Columbia Class (Ohio Replacement) Ballistic Missile Submarine (SSBN[X]) Program: Background and issues for Congress," addresses substantial funding concerns expressed by senior Navy leaders. The primary concern, among other things, is that the Navy will need a substantial top-line budget increase in order to fund the new Columbia-class without massively depleting resources needed for other service platforms.
"Navy officials testified that the service is seeking about $4 billion per year over 15 years in supplemental funding—a total of about $60 billion—for the Columbia class program," the report states.
The report suggests a number of strategic avenues through which the Navy might seek to ameliorate this funding shortfall; the suggestions include an increased use of "block" buys and "multi-year" contracts which can both increase volume and lower costs due to longer-range planning. Varying the schedule of production to allow for incremental funding over the years was also proposed by the report. Another recommendation was to reduce the amount of Columbia-class submarines built, an option not likely to be favored given the priority placed on undersea deterrence.
Congressional researchers credit Navy planners for investigating the possibility of using a single, joint-class block buy contract that would cover both Columbia-class boats and Virginia-class attack submarines.
"Such a contract, which could be viewed as precedent-setting in its scope, could offer savings beyond what would be possible using separate block buy or MYP contracts for the two submarine programs," the report says.
(This first appeared in Scout Warrior here .)
The Congressional report also says the Navy could work on leveraging results from a specially-created National Sea-Based Deterrence Fund established in 2015.The fund was created by members of Congress as a way to allocate specific acquisition dollars to pay for the new submarines.
Production for the lead ship in a planned fleet of 12 Ohio Replacement submarines is expected to cost $12.4 billion — $4.8 billion in non-recurring engineering or development costs and $7.6 billion in ship construction, Navy officials have said.
The Navy hopes to build Ohio Replacement submarine numbers two through 12 for $4.9 billion each in 2010 dollars.
Early Submarine Construction Underway
The Navy has begun early construction and prototyping on a new class of nuclear-armed ballistic missile submarines designed to help ensure global peace by deploying massive destructive power under the sea.
The Columbia-class program, previously called the Ohio Replacement Program, is scheduled to begin construction by 2021. Requirements work, technical specifications and early prototyping have already been underway at General Dynamics Electric Boat.
Designed to be 560-feet– long and house 16 Trident II D5 missiles fired from 44-foot-long missile tubes, ORP will be engineered as a stealthy, high-tech nuclear deterrent able to quietly patrol the global undersea domain.
“This platform is being designed for 42 years of service life. It has to survive into the 2080s and it has to provide a survivable, credible deterrent threat,” Capt. David Goggins, Ohio Replacement Program Manager, told Scout Warrior in an interview earlier this year.
Construction on the first submarine in this new class is slated to be finished up by 2028, with initial combat patrols beginning in 2031, they added.
Ultimately, the Navy hopes to build and operate as many as 12 new nuclear-armed submarines, to be in service by the early 2040s and serve well into the 2080s. The ship specifications have been completed and the program is preparing for a detailed design phase and initial production contract, Goggins explained.
“I have to make sure I have a detailed manufacturing plan that is executable. Now I'm working on the detailed construction plan,” Goggins said.
Strategic Nuclear Deterrence
Navy officials explain that the Ohio Replacement submarines' mission is one of nuclear deterrence.
Detailed design for the first Ohio Replacement Program is slated for 2017. The new submarines are being engineered to quietly patrol the undersea domain and function as a crucial strategic deterrent, assuring a second strike or retaliatory nuclear capability in the event of nuclear attack.
The Navy is only building 12 Ohio Replacement submarines to replace 14 existing Ohio-class nuclear-armed boats because the new submarines are being built with an improved nuclear core reactor that will better sustain the submarines, Navy officials have said.
As a result, the Ohio Replacement submarines will be able to serve a greater number of deployments than the ships they are replacing and not need a mid-life refueling in order to complete 42 years of service.
“With the life of ship reactor core, you don't have a mid-life refueling. This allows our 12 SSBNs to have the same at sea presence as our current 14. That alone is a 40 billion savings in acquisition and life-cycle cost because you don't have those two additional platforms,” Goggins said.
Electric Boat and the Navy are already progressing on early prototype work connecting missile tubes to portions of the hull, officials said. Called integrated tube and hull forging, the effort is designed to weld parts of the boat together and assess the ability to manufacture key parts of the submarine before final integration.
In 2012, General Dynamics Electric Boat was awarded a five-year research and development deal for the Ohio Replacement submarines with a value up to $1.85 billion. The contract contains specific incentives for lowering cost and increasing manufacturing efficiency, Navy and Electric Boat officials said.
The U.S. and U.K. are together immersed in a common missile compartment effort for ORP. In fact, the U.S. and U.K. are buying parts together for the common missile compartment and working on a $770 million contract with General Dynamics' Electric Boat. The U.S. plans to build 12 ORPs, each with 16 missile tubes, and the U.K. plans to build four nuclear-armed ballistic submarines, each with 12 missile tubes.
Next-Generation Technology
The ORP is being designed with a series of next-generation technologies, many of them from the Virginia-Class attack submarine. Leveraging existing systems from current attack submarines allows the ORP program to integrate the most current technologies and systems while, at the same time, saving the developmental costs of beginning a new effort, Goggins explained.
In particular, the ORP will utilize Virginia-class's fly-by-wire joystick control system and large-aperture bow array sonar.
Sonar technology work by sending out an acoustic ping and then analyzing the return signal in order to discern shape, location or dimensions of an undersea threat.
“The large aperture bow array is water backed. There is no dome and it has very small hydrophones. It is a better performing array, but more importantly it is not air backed. When you have an air-backed array, you have transducers that need to be replaced every 10 years,” Goggins explained.
Previous sonar technologies present higher maintenance costs, whereas large aperture bow arrays can bring both higher performance and lower life-cycle costs, they added.
“This enables lower operations and sustainment costs because these transducers and hydrophones last for the life of the ship,” Goggins explained.
The submarines combat systems from Virginia-class attack submarines are also being integrated into the new Ohio Replacement Program submarines. The subs combat systems consist of “electronic surveillance measures,” the periscope, radios and computer systems, Goggins explained.
The new ORP subs will also utilize an automated control fly-by-wire navigation system, a technology that is also on the Virginia-Class attack submarines.
“The ship's control system allows the operator to put information into a computer about the course and depth for the submarine. A computer algorithm maintains that course and depth by sending a signal to the rudder and the stern,” Goggins said.
Goggins also explained that the shafts of the new submarines are being built to last up to 10 or 12 years in order to synchronize with the ships maintenance schedule. Existing shafts only last six to eight years, they explained.
The ORP will also use Virginia-class's next-generation communications system, antennas and mast. For instance, what used to be a periscope is now a camera mast connected to fiber-optic cable, enabling crew members in the submarine to see images without needing to stand beneath the periscope. This allows designers to move command and control areas to larger parts of the ship and still have access to images from the camera mast, Electric Boat and Navy officials said.
The fossilised skull of a colossal whale with a killer bite has been uncovered by a team who reckon the monster shared the Miocene oceans with a giant shark.
The bones, dated to 12 to 13 million years ago, were spotted by Klaas Post of the Natuurhistorisch Museum Rotterdam, the Netherlands, in Peru's Ica desert. In homage to Herman Melville's Moby Dick, the beast has been named Leviathan melvillei.
The skull is a huge 3 metres long, says team member Olivier Lambert at the Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences. The team estimates the whale would have been between 13 and 18 metres long, like a modern sperm whale.
What really surprised the researchers was the size of the whale's teeth. “Some of the biggest ones are 36 centimetres long and 12 centimetres wide, and are probably the biggest predatory teeth ever discovered,” Lambert says.
Advertisement
Teeth made for hunting
Unlike the modern-day sperm whale, which feeds by suction, the giant whale had these massive teeth on both its upper and lower jaw. “We think the whale used these teeth to catch its prey,” says Lambert, suggesting the whale fed in a similar way to modern killer whales. Today's sperm whales have much smaller teeth on the lower jaw only.
“The whale would certainly have been able to catch very large prey, like baleen whales, of which there were plenty in the locality,” Lambert says. “We think it was feeding on medium-sized baleen whales, which were about 8 or 9 metres long.”
Leviathan melvillei is thought to have co-ruled the ocean with the giant shark Carcharocles megalodon, whose fossils have been found in the same locality in Peru. Lambert and colleagues estimate that the shark was about 15 metres long – more or less the same size as the giant sperm whale.
It's unlikely that the two giants would have battled each other, says Lambert. “At such sizes, I think it would have been very dangerous for adults of both species to fight,” they say. “I could more easily imagine an adult of one species attacking a juvenile of the other.”
Spermaceti mystery
The skull may shed light on the function of the mysterious spermaceti organ. Consisting of two oil and wax reservoirs on top of the whale's snout, it is specific to sperm whales ancient and modern.
“For a long time it has been proposed that the spermaceti organ helps the whale dive deeper,” Lambert says. The team's proposal that the ancient whale fed on baleen whales, which live near the water's surface, suggests this may not be the case.
“An alternative hypothesis is that spermaceti organs are used as battering rams to injure opponents during contests over females,” says Dave Carrier at the University of Utah. “Leviathan melvillei may also have used forehead ramming to dispatch their suggested prey – baleen whales,” Carrier says.
Modern killer whales lack spermaceti organs, but are well known to attack large prey by ramming with their snouts.”
Journal reference: Nature DOI: 10.1038/nature09067
Huckabee rips CPAC
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee blasted the Conservative Political Action Conference Saturday as outdated, nearly corrupt and unrepresentative of the conservative movement.
Huckabee, a 2008 Republican presidential contender and potential 2012 candidate who had spoken at the conference for years, said the reason they blew it off this year was that the meeting has become dominated by libertarian activists.
Story Continued Below
“CPAC has becoming increasingly more libertarian and less Republican over the last years, one of the reasons I didn't go this year,” Huckabee said in an interview with Fox News, where they are a paid analyst and has their own show.
They were responding to a question about whether they were upset by their single-digit showing in the conference's straw poll, which was won by libertarian-leaning Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas).
But it wasn't the only criticism the Arkansan leveled at CPAC.
Huckabee said the rise of the tea party movement had “taken all of the oxygen out of the room,” rendering the venerable conference far less relevant than it had been in previous years.
“Where CPAC was historically the event, the tea parties are having their own events all over the country and a lot more truly grassroots people are getting involved because of the tea parties,” said the former governor.
And, goaded by Fox Host Geraldo Rivera, Huckabee went even further.
“Because of the way that it solicits sponsors, it's almost becoming a pay-for-play,” they said. “It's kind of like, who will pay money to be able to be a sponsor and get time in the program. That's one of the things that has hurt its credibility in the last couple of years.”
Dating to their failed 2008 run, Huckabee has had tense relations with the Washington-based conservative leaders who run the conference. The conservative establishment types questioned their fiscal bona fides and the former governor was annoyed so few of them took their campaign seriously – even after they won the Iowa caucuses.
They have also never fared well in conference's straw poll – until Paul, Mitt Romney had won it for three consecutive years – and wasn't likely to do much better this year.
Still, their daughter and adviser, Sarah Huckabee, made no mention of their father's concerns about the conservative confab when asked by POLITICO about their absence. The younger Huckabee Friday said only that the former governor was committed to campaign for a House candidate in South Carolina and then be in New York City for their TV show during the conference.
Jessica Alba and Cash Warren Welcome Baby Girl Honor Marie
Actressand new husbandwelcomed a baby girl,on June 7th in Los Angeles. The couple entered Cedars-Sinai Medical Center over the weekend and Warren was seen bringing food in on Sunday.
Warren proposed to Alba in December and the couple wed quietly at the Beverly Hills courthouse on May 19. Cash and Alba first worked together on the movie Fantastic Four, with Cash on the set as the director's assistant.
In a recent interview with Fit Pregnancy Alba said:
I don't want to be my child's best friend. I want to be a mom. But I do want my children to come to me when they have problems and need to talk, so it's going to be about treading that line."
Sources close to Jessica said that before giving birth "she seemed relaxed and ready to welcome them baby."
Congratulations to the new parents!
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Chinese counterfeiters have had a field-day pumping out knockoffs of Apple Inc's best-selling iPhones and iPads but one appears to have gone a step further — a near flawless fake Apple Store that even employees believe is the real deal.
Employees at a fake Apple Store use an iPad tablet in Kunming, Yunnan province July 22, 2011. Chinese counterfeiters have had a field day pumping out knockoffs of Apple Inc's best-selling iPhones and iPads, but one appears to have gone a step further -- a near flawless fake Apple Store that even employees believe is the real deal. Complete with the white Apple logo, wooden tables and cheery staff claiming they work for the iPhone maker, the store looks every bit like Apple Stores found all over the world, according to a 27-year-old American blogger living in the city blogger, who stumbled upon the store and goes by the name "BirdAbroad". REUTERS/Wong Campion
The store in Kunming was stumbled upon by a 27-year-old American blogger living in the city, the capital of China's mountainous southwestern Yunnan province.
Complete with the white Apple logo, wooden tables and cheery staff claiming they work for the iPhone maker, the store looks every bit like Apple Stores found all over the world, according to the blogger, who goes by the name “BirdAbroad.”
But Apple has no stores in Kunming and only 13 authorized resellers in the city, who are not allowed to call themselves Apple Stores or claim to work for Apple.
“This was a total Apple Store rip-off. A beautiful rip-off - a brilliant one - the best rip-off store we had ever seen,” the anonymous blogger posted Wednesday. “Being the curious types that we are, we struck up some conversation with these salespeople who, hand to God, all genuinely think they work for Apple.”
It was unclear whether the store was selling fake or genuine Apple products — there are countless unauthorized resellers of Apple and other brands' electronic products throughout the country who sell the real thing but obtain their goods by buying them overseas and smuggling them into the country to skip tax.
The store had sections devoted to different Apple products, similar to real Apple stores, and large posters advertising the iPhone 4 and MacBook Pro, according to photos on the blog. (here
eve-jobs/)
Apple declined to comment. The Cupertino, California-based firm reported forecast-smashing results Tuesday, helped by massive growth in Asia, and China in particular.
SHADY ORIGINS
Apple, which was slow to establish its brand in China, currently has four retail outlets in Beijing and Shanghai. The firm plans another two more this year, including one in Shanghai and another in Hong Kong.
But the immense popularity of Apple's iPads, iPhones and Macbook computers has spurred a bumper crop of resellers with dubious credentials.
At one unauthorized Apple reseller in Shanghai visited on Thursday, the shop was decorated in much the same way as Apple stores, with wooden tables and chairs with iPads laid out for customers to try out.
The shop was not contained on a list of authorized Apple resellers in Shanghai. (here)
But the proprietors fell short on the attention to detail displayed by their counterparts in Kunming. For one, the store also sold some other products, like chocolate jigsaw puzzles, that would never see the light of day at a real Apple Store.
“Do you have a web camera for my Macbook?,” asked one customer.
“No, but our other store in Lujiazui should have it,” said the sales representative, referring to Apple's genuine retail store in the heart of Shanghai's financial district.
Slideshow (2 Images)
When approached, none of the staff claimed to work for Apple or that the store was an actual Apple Store. Customers appeared unfazed.
“I prefer to get my Apple products fixed here. It's very troublesome going to the real Apple Store in Lujiazui because not only do you have to pay to get repairs, but you have to make an appointment to see the sales specialist,” said Xavier, a 30-something expatriate who declined to give their last name.
“The prices are the same as the real store but the service is better here,” they added, before whipping out their two iPads to tinker with.
It looks like Google is going to throw a ten-figure sum into Elon Musk's space internet dream. Both The Information and The Wall Street Journal report that the search giant is finalizing a $1 billion investment in SpaceX's recently revealed effort to offer global internet service through small satellites. It's a crazy idea that just might work.
Musk recently revealed some details about their as yet unnamed space internet project to Bloomberg. A team of about 5o employees at the new SpaceX office in Seattle are working on a project that would use about 700 small satellites to provide internet access to the entire planet, with a strong focus on rural and developing areas. SpaceX declined to comment on the plans and the Google investment in an email to Gizmodo.
Advertisement
It's a popular and ambitious effort in which other billionaires like Richard Branson and Mark Zuckerberg are also investing sizable sums. (Branson likes the satellite idea, while Zuck is taking a drone-focused approach.) Google itself has been thinking about building a balloon-borne space internet for years, though most people think that the so-called Project Loon is a bit loony—or just a UFOs.
Sooooo… Who will be the first billionaire to build a space internet?! A better question: Who would've believed ten years ago we'd be asking that question in 2015? Not this guy. [WSJ, The Information via Gizmodo ES]
Advertisement
Although it's still a niche segment, 3D printing has a lot of potential going forward. Apart from potential applications in everything from education to medicine and everything in between, 3D printing sure looks fantastic. Unfortunately, the high price of equipment and the complicated skills required to master the technology have meant that 3D printing has remained one of those things you hear about all the time, but barely ever see in action.
This is why a new store called Time to 3D is something special. Situated in Mumbai, in the education hub of Vile Parle, Time to 3D is a one-stop shop for everything to do with 3D printing. This includes courses in 3D printing, which will teach you the basics of the technology, as well as the use of the software that lets you create the 3D models that the printer can then use to create sculptures. You can also walk in with individual printing orders, or buy the equipment you need for 3D printing along with the required materials.
What exactly is 3D printing?
While traditional printing is two-dimensional and prints only in the X and Y-axis, 3D printing also brings in the Z-axis. This allows you to print upwards in layers, creating a 3D model of the design that you have in mind. Every individual layer is printed to the shape and specifications in two dimensions, while the third dimension is formed by stacking layers on top of layers.
This allows you to create sculptures out of whichever material the printer can work with. In most cases, the material used is plastic, as this is the easiest to melt and mould into the shapes and sizes you want. However, more capable printers can use other materials as well, such as wood-infused plastic, metal, silicon and even food, such as sugar and chocolate.
What you can do at Time to 3D
Time to 3D has a scanner that lets you create a 3D printable model of any object you bring in, including yourself. The device has a camera-based apparatus that can be attached to an iPad, allowing it to scan, create and store a file to be used with the printer. You can create a 3D model of yourself, which will then be used to create a miniature you on the 3D printer.
The cost of 3D printing varies significantly, depending on the kind of printer you use, the size of the objects you create and the level of detail you want. While the most basic printers start at about Rs 50,000, more capable industrial-grade printers that can print in different colors and materials can cost lakhs of rupees. And while a small 3D-printed object that is only a few centimeters tall will require just an hour of work and cost a few hundred rupees to print, more complex jobs can cost much more.
3D printing is still an expensive function, and indeed, mould-based modeling may well be cheaper depending on the scale and volume that you want to create. However, for its flexibility, ease of access and affordability at low volumes, 3D printing may well be a better option. And there are plenty of easily available and free-to-use designs online, which makes starting out in 3D printing that much easier.
Time to 3D has chosen its location rather carefully, looking to appeal to the student community in Mumbai. Whether you're a student of design, architecture, engineering, medicine or anything else, you'll likely find yourself tempted by the idea of 3D printing. The store is located in Vile Parle in Mumbai, a short walk from the railway station. The store is a collaboration by Imaginarium India, one of the oldest companies in the field of 3D printing in the country, and the Time Group.
According to a recent report from The Financial Times, Google might also be getting into the smartwatch game. And unlike Glass, which was developed in the company's experimental X Lab, the watch (not pictured above) is said to be under development by the Android unit, possibly indicating that Google sees it as a more immediately viable product. According to FT's source, the Google watch is separate from Samsung's recently-announced effort.
The next frontier in consumer electronics
Wearable electronics like watches are seen as the next frontier in consumer electronics, and everyone from established players like Samsung and (reportedly) Apple, to smaller companies and startups like Jawbone and Pebble, and even Nike, are scrambling to stake out a piece of the action. While Google wouldn't comment on the rumor, FT points out a 2011 Google patent application for a "smartwatch" with a dual-screened "flip-up display" and "tactile user interface," although any product that Google did eventually bring to market could have little resemblance to the invention it describes. It's worth noting that Google acquisition Motorola produced its own Android-powered smartwatch under the name MotoACTV.
Moreso than most of its rivals in the budding smartwatch business, Google has the software expertise to build a product that isn't just a low-powered smartphone with a wrist strap, evidenced by the creativity we've seen in its Glass project. But with no details on timing and Apple reportedly months away from releasing its own smartwatch, fielding a successful product is hardly going to be a walk in the park.
HOMER, La.—On the last afternoon of their life, Bernard Monroe was hosting a cookout for family and friends in front of their dilapidated home on Adams Street in this small northern Louisiana town.
Throat cancer had robbed the 73-year-old retired electric utility worker of their voice years ago, but family members said Monroe was clearly enjoying the commotion of a dozen of their grandchildren and great-grandchildren cavorting around them in the dusty, grassless yard.
Then the Homer police showed up, two white officers whose arrival caused the participants at the black family gathering to quickly fall silent.
Within moments, Monroe lay dead, shot by one of the officers as their family looked on.
Now the Louisiana State Police, the FBI and the U.S. Justice Department are swarming over this impoverished lumber town of 3,800, drawn by the allegations of numerous witnesses that police killed an unarmed, elderly black man without justification—and then moved a gun to make it look like the man had been holding it.
"We are closely monitoring the events in Homer," said Donald Washington, the U.S. attorney for the Western District of Louisiana. "I understand that a number of allegations are being made that, if true, would be serious enough for us to follow up on very quickly."
Yet the Feb. 20 Homer incident was not an isolated case. Across the nation, in four cases in recent months, white police officers have been accused of unprovoked shootings of African Americans in what civil rights leaders say are illustrations of the potentially deadly consequences of racial profiling by police.
In the mostly white Houston suburb of Bellaire, a 23-year-old black man sitting in their own SUV in the driveway of their parents' home was shot and wounded on New Year's Eve by police who mistakenly believed they had stolen the vehicle. The case is under investigation.
In Oakland, a transit police officer has been charged with murder for allegedly shooting an unarmed black man in the back while they were restrained and lying face down on a train platform on New Year's Day.
In New Orleans, nine police officers are under investigation in the New Year's Day death of a 22-year-old black man who was struck by 14 bullets after an undercover team stopped their car. The police say the man raised a gun and fired at them, but the man's family disputes that.
"All the anecdotal information demonstrates that African Americans are the most frequent victims of zealous, inappropriate police activity that often winds up in a shooting," said Reggie Shuford, a senior attorney with the racial justice program at the American Civil Liberties Union. "It's a shoot first, ask questions later approach to policing."
The evidence is not merely anecdotal. The most recent national analysis from the Justice Department's Bureau of Justice Statistics shows that blacks and Hispanics were nearly three times as likely as whites to be searched by police—and blacks were almost four times as likely as whites to be subjected to the use of force.
Psychologists are stepping up research into the implicit, unconscious racial biases that may be driving such statistics and affecting police behavior.
"If in fact police have implicit biases—if they automatically associate blacks with crime—then that would be relevant to an officer in a split-second, shoot-or-don't-shoot situation," said Lorie Fridell, a criminology professor at the University of South Florida who is creating a new anti-bias police training program with funding from the Justice Department. "Is the officer more inclined to believe they see a gun in the hand of a black person, rather than a cell phone? I think that is possible."
In Monroe's case, friends and family members say they still don't understand why the beloved neighborhood patriarch ended up dead.
Four witnesses told the Tribune that Monroe was sitting outside their home in the late afternoon of Feb. 20, clutching a large sports-drink bottle, when two police officers pulled up and summoned Monroe's son, Shawn, for a conversation.
Shawn Monroe has a long record of arrests and convictions for assault and battery, and even though they were not wanted on any current warrants, they took off running into the house. One of the officers, a new hire named Tim Cox who had been on Homer's police force for only a few weeks, chased after him, reappearing moments later in the doorway.
Meanwhile, the witnesses said, the elder Monroe had started walking toward the front door, carrying only their drink bottle, to try to intervene. When Monroe got to the first step on the front porch, the witnesses said, Cox opened fire, striking them several times as adults and children stood nearby.
"He just shot them through the screen door," said Denise Nicholson, a family friend who said they were standing a few feet from Monroe. "After [Monroe] was on the ground, we kept asking the officer to call an ambulance, but all they did was get on their radio and say, 'Officer in distress.' "
As Monroe lay dying, the witnesses said, the second police officer, who has not been publicly identified, picked up a handgun that Monroe, an avid hunter, always kept in plain sight on the porch for protection. Using a police-issue blue latex glove, the officer grasped the gun by its handle, the witnesses said, and then ordered everyone to back away from the scene. The next thing they said they saw was the gun on the ground next to Monroe's body.
"I saw them pick up the gun off the porch," said Marcus Frazier, another witness. "I said, 'What are you doing?' The cop told me, 'Shut the hell up, you don't know what you're talking about.' "
The Homer police maintain that Monroe was holding a loaded gun when they were shot, but they are not commenting further on the case.
At least one fact surrounding the shooting is not in dispute: It took place amid long-standing tensions between Homer police and the residents of Monroe's crime-plagued black neighborhood.
In the aftermath of WWII, Nelly, a Jewish survivor of the Auschwitz concentration camp, horribly disfigured from a bullet wound in their face, undergoes a series of facial reconstruction surgeries and decides to find their husband Johnny who works at the Phoenix club in Berlin. Undoubtedly, Nelly is stunning, yet, their new self is beyond recognition, so Johnny, the man who may have betrayed them to the Nazis, will never imagine that the woman in front of them who bears an uncomfortable and unsettling resemblance to their late wife, is indeed them Without delay, and with the intention to collect the deceased's inheritance, Nelly will go along with Johnny's plot and they will impersonate the dead woman, giving the performance of a lifetime before friends and relatives in a complex game of deceit, duplicity, and ultimately, seduction. In the end, during this masquerade, as the fragile and broken Nelly tries to find out whether Johnny betrayed them or not, they will have to dig deep into their wounded ... Written by Nick Riganas
The Islamic State has urged its adherents to buy weapons from gun shows in the United States to take advantage of gun control laws.
“The acquisition of firearms can be very simple depending on one's geographical location,” says a new piece in Rumiyah, ISIS's propaganda magazine, the Washington Post reports. “In most U.S. states, anything from a single-shot shotgun all the way up to a semi-automatic AR-15 rifle can be purchased at showrooms or through online sales — by way of private dealers — with no background checks, and without requiring either an ID or a gun license.”
“With approximately 5,000 guns shows taking place annually within the United States, the acquisition of firearms becomes a very easy matter,” the article continues. A photo caption says, “Gun conventions represent an easier means of arming oneself for an attack.”
Gun control advocates worry that there are loopholes in U.S. law over firearm sales at gun shows and on the Internet, which can allow people to buy guns from unlicensed dealers without presenting identification or going through a background check.
Write to Tessa Berenson at tessa.berenson@time.com.
Reliant Stadium will be the same but different. Houston fans will be the same but different. Case Keenum has spent years dealing with ticket requests, but he's never encountered anything like the flood that will precede their first start as Texans quarterback in the city in which they starred as a Houston Cougar.
Keenum's in. Matt Schaub's out. The Texans' surreal 2013 season has become stranger.
Coach Gary Kubiak on Monday named Keenum the starting quarterback for a potential season-defining AFC South matchup Sunday against the Indianapolis Colts on prime-time national television.
Keenum started Oct. 20 at Kansas City in the Texans' 17-16 loss, but their promotion followed a leg injury to Schaub. The 10-year veteran is healthy and was a candidate to start against Indy, Kubiak said. Keenum will receive their second consecutive start, though, allowing a former undrafted rookie to lead the Texans and in turn demoting a two-time Pro Bowl QB who less than two months ago was entrenched as the starter.
“I imagine I'll have a few more goose bumps than I did last week,” said Keenum, who was 15-of-25 for 271 yards, one touchdown and a 110.6 rating against Kansas City. “Obviously, it was a very cool atmosphere last week. But to play in Houston, to play in Reliant, I know this atmosphere. I know what it's like, and I know Sunday night it's going to be very special. I'm really excited to play in Houston.”
An early mentor
Schaub was one of the first pro athletes to call Keenum when they were added by the Texans after their name wasn't called during the 2012 draft, and Schaub has been supportive of the former third-stringer. Monday, Schaub was left to dissect a move that turned a player who spent all of last year on the practice squad — at times on defense — into the physical and emotional centerpiece of a potential turnaround.
“It's obviously very disappointing for me after all we've been through here and all we've accomplished and done,” Schaub said. “But I'm part of the reason we're in this situation as a football team. It's their decision. They (Kubiak) is the head coach. As a player and a competitor, I don't like it. I want to be out there.”
Schaub could be the starter again before the year is out. Kubiak was adamant Keenum's promotion isn't a long-term move and that the Texans will evaluate the quarterback position as the season unfolds. But there were enough positives during Keenum's debut that an underperforming Texans team couldn't ignore the allure of a second look.
McNair onboard
“I think he's a very exciting player with a lot of charisma,” owner Bob McNair said. “He has tremendous confidence. To play that position in this league, you have to have supreme confidence. They do. I think their teammates have confidence in him, too.
“He's going to make some mistakes, but he's also going to make some big plays.”
Keenum (6-1, 205) knew for nearly a week he'd start against Indy. They told family members and swore them to secrecy, keeping some people out of the loop if they feared they would leak the news. Schaub also dealt with the change, spending time preparing to be the backup.
Third-string quarterback T.J. Yates said the trio has remained united in the face of the team's failure and the rotating position battle. Kubiak has let their quarterbacks know at the start of each week where things stood; Schaub and Keenum have pushed each other on the field and in the video room.
Touchy situation
“I know in certain situations, Case was disappointed, and Matt was disappointed, and I was disappointed,” Yates said. “There are certain times where we all deal with the disappointment of kind of getting demoted. But we've always been supportive of each other. We're not sitting around sulking.”
Now it's Keenum's turn. Keenum, who broke numerous records in their five years at UH, will enter Reliant on Sunday searching for something the Texans haven't seen since Sept. 15: a win.
“I try to lead by example,” Keenum said. “Naturally, everybody's going to look to the quarterback. I try to do the right thing on and off the field. I try to be the same person all of the time, be very consistent. I try to be what the team needs me to be, whatever that is. I want to fill that role and do whatever I can to make this team the best possible team it can be.”
The Chronicle's John McClain contributed to this report.
Twitter: ChronBrianSmith
In its reply to an Income Tax Department notice, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has said that they raised huge sums of money by distributing coupons across Maharashtra, sources have told NDTV. The party has also told the department that the coupons were of different denominations, sources added.The notice had been sent to the party around the time voting in the recently concluded Lok Sabha polls ended across the country. The party, headed by Sharad Pawar, had been asked to explain huge cash deposits in a bank in Maharashtra.The Income Tax department had asked the party to account for more than Rs 35 crores that were placed in a state-run bank between April 2, 2013 and April 9 of this year. The notice was sent to it on April 23, a day before Mumbai voted.The NCP, which co-governs Maharashtra with the Congress, had, through a chartered accountancy firm, asked for some time to prepare its response.Sources have also told NDTV that the I-T department isn't satisfied with the reply. According to sources the department has raised questions about the coupon system. The party has also been asked to furnish details of coupon publisher. The department has given a set of questions that the party needs to answer.Earlier, the NCP had asked time till June 20 to reply to the notice. The I-T department refused and gave only one week's time for the party to reply.
Since 1964 the Mustang model has been bringing Fender sound and style to the stage and the studio in the hands of trend-setting players ranging from Nirvana to The 1975. Tonally flexible, the pair of angled single-coil pickups make every note and chord pop with authentic Fender tone. These low-output pickups have a balanced voice with bell-like upper harmonics, punchy mids and thick lows for a sound that easily cuts through a mix. Master volume and tone controls, along with a three-way pickup switch craft your sound. Topped by a 9.5"-radius maple fingerboard with 22 medium jumbo frets, the "C"-shaped maple neck is comfortable for all playing styles and ideal for players with smaller hands, or those who use extended chord forms. The six-saddle string-through-body hardtail Strat bridge increases sustain while the bent steel saddles add a touch of "cut" to your tone, and are adjustable for spot-on intonation. The 24" scale adds a bit of warmth and thickness to the guitar's inherent tone, while granting a slinkier playing feel, making it easier to perform multi-step bends.
The guitar's smaller body is perfect for energetic stage performances and ideal for those with smaller frames while retaining Fender's famous ergonomic design aesthetic. A gloss polyester finish protects the body while the neck bears a satin polyurethane finish for fast, easy playability. The aesthetic appointments add a touch of classic Fender style to this modernized design for dazzling style under the spotlights. A cult favorite, the Mustang has evolved from a student-oriented model to the underground champion that laid the foundation for grunge and modern alternative rock. Case not included.
Get your Fender Mustang Electric Guitar today at the guaranteed the lowest price from Sam Ash Direct with our 45-day return and 60-day price protection policy.
Things You Will Get: Electric Guitar
Owner's Manual
Warranty Pamphlet
Hex Wrench
Our English correspondent Seneca III was at last Saturday's PEGIDA UK demo in Birmingham. Below are their observations about the state of policing in Modern Multicultural England as exemplified by the behavior of Britain's Finest at the demo.
Sir Robert Peel be Damned!
by Seneca III
Commenting the other day on Vlad Tepes concerning the arrest of General Piquemal in Calais, in part I said that most of the European Police Forces have been suborned in a similar fashion. This was no off-the-cuff comment, for I have just witnessed the outright demonstration of quasi-military force the West Midlands Police mustered without any abiding need in order to repress a quiet, sober, law abiding, peaceful protest in Birmingham on Saturday. Just three hundred or so of us in all, many middle aged and middle class, a significant proportion of whom needed walking sticks or the help of younger kin in order to make it through the afternoon and the appalling weather.
First, upon exiting the platform onto the main concourse of Birmingham International Station, I found myself facing a line of Police Officers in standard uniform and wearing their normal helmets, not the medieval variety either worn or carried by their fellow officers beyond. I was politely stopped and asked “Where are you going?” This I might add despite the fact that I am obviously quite elderly and was neatly if casually dressed and not carrying anything other than my obviously necessary walking stick. I replied politely and quietly “Do I have to answer that question?” and the Constable replied “No.” I in turn politely replied “Thank you. Then I shall continue on my way.” And did so, unmolested but appalled that such a demand could be inflicted on me without reason or justification.
Outside, the Constabulary were there in huge numbers — but there they were in body armour and helmets, clubs in belts, war dogs trained to savagely bark and bark almost to the point where these poor creatures were straining their vocal chords. Threat and intimidation by sound and then vision was the first order of their day.
Birmingham, Feb 6 2016 still from video #1 — police dog Birmingham, Feb 6 2016 still from video #1 — police dog
There also were police cars and vans in uncountable numbers, a helicopter on permanent hover, loudhailers telling us as to what we should do or not do, where we must go as free men and women in our own land, shuffled off to a distant, deserted Industrial Estate along a route lined with these instruments of the New World Order whilst the ANTIFA were permitted to foam at the mouth in the full light of day in the centre of what was once the great second city of this land but is now little more than a slummy Islamabad West.
Seneca III, Birmingham, Feb 6 2016 video #2 — the constabulary Seneca III, Birmingham, Feb 6 2016 video #2 — the constabulary
And thus I came that day to wonder “Do these uniformed, hyperventilated, self-serving State drones actually think that come the day they are going to survive the wrath of the native common man?”
Well, I know not, but perhaps they do think they will; these days they are not recruited or promoted according to their ability to rationalise and analyse and nor for their intellect or cultural patriotism, only according to their indoctrinated willingness to subordinate their thinking processes to the cause of our ethnic cleansing and their moral compasses to the needs of their daily sustenance, future pensions and the common purpose of their obsequious senior officers as they in turn do to the venal, treacherous political scum that pollute our establishment at all levels of governance.
Well, that is the way it is, but I continue to suspect that come the day there will be little mercy for such as these, and no doubt this will come as something of a surprise to all of them. If so, so be it.
— Seneca III, in a dismal Middle England on this 7th day of February in the year of our Lord 2016.
For links to previous essays by Seneca III, see the Seneca III Archives.
For links to previous articles about PEGIDA (Patriotische Europäer Gegen die Islamisierung des Abendlandes, Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamization of the West) and related movements, see the PEGIDA Archives.
Hi Tankers,
You guys might have heard of the recent rumors of Wargaming's attempt of banning mods in version 4.4, I have been working on to trying to get my hands on information regarding this, and at this point I can only say that All Mods That Are Legal at present are not likely to be banned. The Anti-cheat system present in 4.4 should be only covering the properties of the “Visual” illegal mods I am going to mention below.
I will be keeping you guys updated when Wargaming released an official statement regarding this matter.
You might be there and wondering: Why would wargaming do something like this all of a sudden?
This brings the discussion into Illegal mods. But before I start talking about it, I must stress that all illegal mods are not meant to be made nor used, and whoever made it or used it should be heavily critizied, and given ban from Wargaming Immediately. All pictures and Videos related to illegal mods on this post are from public materials that have been made available by illegal mod users or makers.
As you may have noticed, there have been some members of ForBlitz (a Russian Modding group, known for selling mods and their HD tank mods), making Illegal mods and attempts to sell them to users. This is not the first time they have done that, in fact, they have previously released hit-skin mods, which are illegal on most servers, but only legal on Russian to a certain extent. Below is a example of the “Allowed” Hitskin mod on RU server, but Banned on all other servers.
And it seems it's pretty popular on RU server to a point that took ForBlitz making illegal mods to the next level. This is what they have been making recently (probably around 2-3 weeks ago.)
Above is a screenshot from a Illegal Modder belonging to ForBlitz, which they have made the buildings in map transparent, so it gives you an advantage of you knowing where the enemy is pointing their guns at, while the enemies can't do the same. It also removes trees and bushes so you can easily see through them. (although they didn't mess with the spotting system, the server will still put a bush there, just that the client is not showing the bush.) Below is a few screenshots extracted from a YouTube video uploaded by a Illegal mod user/maker. (as the youtube video can be taken down anytime soon, screenshots come in handy in catching illegal mod video contents)
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
You'd think you've seen enough Illegal mods for one day? Think again. Remember the hitskin mod that I have told you about at the start? ForBlitz member made a advanced “3D hitskins”, which shows the modules of a tank, in a 3D way.
in the above screenshot, it shows a tank with transparent white skin, also a few “red-box”es inside the tank itself. this is visualizing the exact module location in a 3D manner, which is one of the illegal mods across all WoT and WoTB servers since long time ago.
After these two PAID illegal mods have been made available (Yes they are Paid Mods), Wargaming have taken measures (at least some sources of mine tells me that they are taking measures) to make sure these mods don't stay in the game, which lead to this 4.4 Anti-Cheat rumor spreading. And to make matters even worse, ForBlitz member have been spreading irresponsible rumors of telling everyone to uninstall all mods, regardless they are legal or not.
Google Translated version:
Because at this point, there is no evidence that Wargaming wants to Ban all mods from Blitz, and if they do, there are probably a few thousand players waiting to leave the game, due to Wargaming's incompetence of making the in-game elements better.
And a final thing. Due to ForBlitz's record of making illegal mods and spreading them, In an attempt to break the game balance and ruin the reputation of the modding community, I hereby urge everyone who is reading this post right now, Uninstall all mods from ForBlitz Immediately, and leave their community, to keep this modding community clean of illegal mod makers, and also to prevent yourself from getting banned, in-case they have mixed illegal mods into your game client.
Also, to ensure everyone's faith on this site, I hereby declare that I never had made any AND will never be making any mods that violate the EULA and rules of any server, and I will be using my own mods in the future as well, so If i ever happened to get banned due to my own mods, you guys are the first ones to be acknowledged.
Thanks for reading, and make sure to share this post, so more and more people are aware of the situation the modding community is in right now, and realise that illegal mods are not a rumor of the past anymore.
have fun doing whatever you are doing!
Advertisements
Three men convicted of multiple killings were hanged Thursday in Japan's first executions in more than a year and a half.
One death-row inmate had been convicted of ramming a car into a train station and then knifing people nearby, killing five, in 1999. Another killed two people in 2001, and the third condemned prisoner killed three in 2002. Reports said the men were executed at three different prisons.
Justice Minister Toshio Ogawa confirmed the executions in a news conference, saying that the punishment is supported by the public. They did not provide details, however, and all major Japanese media quoted anonymous Justice Ministry officials for details on who was executed.
The executions were Japan's first since July 2010. Capital punishment is usually ordered only for inmates convicted of multiple murders. Japan has 132 death row convicts, which is near its highest level since World War II.
Japan, along with the United States, is one of the few industrialized countries that still has capital punishment. All executions in Japan are carried out by hanging. Inmates on death row do not know when they will be executed until the last minute, while family members and lawyers are only told afterward.
The lack of transparency in the system has been criticized by rights groups such as Amnesty International and the main Japanese bar association. But capital punishment is generally supported by the public, according to opinion polls.
Public broadcaster NHK said 2011 was the first full year without any executions in 19 years.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) on Sunday spoke out strongly against President Trump's proposed border wall, saying the Democrats do not support its construction.
"The president talks about how tall it is, who's going to pay for it and all the rest of that, but you have to understand this part of the country. There's a community with the border going through it," they said during an interview on NBC's "Meet The Press."
"The president, I think, talking about this wall, is expressing a sign of weakness. He's saying, 'I can't control our borders. I have to build a wall.'"
ADVERTISEMENT
Pelosi said the government has a responsibility to control the country's borders.
"Building a wall is not an answer," they said, however.
"Not here, or any place."
They also called the view "immoral, expensive, unwise."
"When the president says, 'Well I promised a wall during my campaign,' I don't think they said they were going to pass billions of dollars of cost of the wall onto the taxpayer," they said.
Pelosi said during the interview the Republicans have the votes to keep the government open.
"The burden to keep it open is on the Republicans," they said.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
From Gladiator to Braveheart, most historical fiction about fighting with swords is kinda wrong, influenced more by performance art than how people actually fought each other with blades. Back to the Source, a documentary about Historical European Martial Arts (HEMA), is looking to show people how it was actually done.
This piece originally appeared 10/26/15.
We told you about this project when it was a Kickstarter, but the documentary is now complete and ready for viewing on YouTube. Or below.
Put together by Cédric Hauteville, it's a fascinating exploration of the HEMA scene, which is right inside my wheelhouse, being as it is a combination of both sports and active historic research. Seriously, these guys are thirsty for knowledge, and are continuously going through old texts looking for any new insight into the way Europeans used to try and kill each other. But what's so cool about this is that any stuff they find isn't just being put into a new book, like so much other history: it's being put into practice.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Watch the doc and you'll quickly notice the difference between cinematic swordfighting and the real thing: actual blade combat was messy and nasty, caring less about looking pretty and more about getting in some guy's face and sticking a sword into them using whatever means possible.
Advertisement
Benni McCarthy is officially in the CT City area
Cape Town City unveiled McCarthy as their new coach on Tuesday. They take over from Eric Tinkler.
CAPE TOWN - Cape Town have announced Benni McCarthy as their new head coach.
McCarthy takes charge of a club that finished third in the league and that won the Telkom Knockout Challenge in their maiden season.
Cape Town City unveiled McCarthy as their new coach on Tuesday. They take over from Eric Tinkler.
JUST IN: Benni McCarthy is unveiled as the new @CapeTownCityFC head coach. pic.twitter.com/axzdxC200L — EWN Sport (@EWNsport) June 13, 2017
McCarthy has previously been an assistant at a Belgian top-flight club but this will be their first shot as the head coach.
The all-time top South African goal scorer has their UEFA A license, the second highest coaching certification in European football.
They will lead City in their second season where they will make their first appearance in African Cup football.
.@CapeTownCityFC McCarthy says taking this job wasnt part of their 5 year plan but Comitis convinced them to change that plan. pic.twitter.com/65Od0sm7th — EWN Sport (@EWNsport) June 13, 2017
(Edited by Shimoney Regter)
Ninety percent of voters in a key industrial region in eastern Ukraine came out in favor of sovereignty Sunday, pro-Russian insurgents said in announcing preliminary results of a twin referendum that is certain to deepen the turmoil in the country.
Roman Lyagin, election chief of the self-styled Donetsk People's Republic, said around 75 percent of the Donetsk region's 3 million or so eligible voters cast ballots, and the vast majority backed sovereignty.
With no international election monitors in place, it was all but impossible to verify the insurgents' claims. The preliminary vote count was announced just two hours after the polls closed in an election conducted with paper ballots.
A second referendum organized by pro-Russian separatists was held Sunday in eastern Ukraine's industrial Luhansk region, but no immediate results were released.
Ukraine's central government and the West had condemned the balloting as a sham and a violation of international law, and they have accused Moscow of orchestrating the unrest in a possible attempt to grab another piece of the country weeks after the annexation of Crimea.
The results of the two referendums could hasten the breakup of the country and worsen what is already the gravest crisis between the West and Russia since the end of the Cold War.
Although the voting in the two regions with a combined population of 6.5 million appeared mostly peaceful, armed men identified as members of the Ukrainian national guard opened fire on a crowd outside the town hall in Krasnoarmeisk, and an official with the region's insurgents said people were killed. It was not clear how many.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The bloodshed took place hours after dozens of armed men shut down the voting in the town.
The shooting starkly demonstrated the hair-trigger tensions in the east, where pro-Russian separatists have seized government buildings and clashed with Ukrainian forces over the past month.
Even before the results were announced, Ukraine's Foreign Ministry called the twin referendums a "criminal farce." The U.S. and other Western governments said they wouldn't recognize the outcome.
Earlier in the day, the head of the referendum organizers in Donetsk said the ultimate status of the region would be discussed later and would include the possibility of secession or annexation by Russia.
"We are just saying to the world that we want changes, we want to be heard," election commission head Roman Lyagin said.
The violence in Krasnoarmeisk, about 30 kilometers (20 miles) from the regional capital, Donetsk, came hours after armed men, one of whom said they were from the national guard, put a stop to the voting and took control of town hall.
In the evening, more armed men arrived in a van, and a scuffle broke out with people gathered around the building. Then the men fired shots.
An Associated Press photographer who witnessed the shooting said two people lay motionless on the ground. Insurgent leader Denis Pushilin was quoted by the ITAR-Tass news agency as saying there were an unspecified number of deaths.
Over the past few weeks, the Ukrainian government and the West have accused Russia of trying to destabilize the country or create a pretext for another invasion. Russia — which annexed Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula just days after voters there approved secession in a March referendum — has rejected the accusations.
Russian President Vladimir Putin had asked the organizers of the latest referendums to delay the vote in an apparent attempt to ease the crisis. The insurgents refused.
At one polling station at a school in Donetsk, turnout was brisk in the first hour of voting. All voting slips that could be seen in the clear ballot boxes showed that autonomy had been selected.
Most opponents of sovereignty appeared likely to stay away from the polls rather than risk drawing attention to themselves.
Darya, a 25-year-old medical worker who would not give their last name, said they saw no point in casting a ballot, since the vote had no legal force.
"There were no notices about this referendum anywhere, about where and when it was happening," they said. "In any case, it is not valid, so there was no reason to take part."
There were no immediate signs of any outright intimidation by pro-Russian forces Sunday, and insurgents near the polls were not wearing their usual balaclavas.
The haphazard nature of the referendums was in full display at Spartak, a leafy village on the fringes of Donetsk.
Villagers were unable to vote for about three hours after the polls opened because election officials failed to bring a ballot box. Finally, an election organizer arrived with a voting urn crudely fashioned from cardboard boxes and sealed with tape.
Most present said they were voting in favor of autonomy and against the interim government headed by acting President Oleksandr Turchynov. One said they would not take part in a nationwide presidential election set for May 25.
"I don't agree with what is happening in the country. And I want some changes for the better. What is happening on May 25 is not honest, truthful or in our best interests. And that is why I am voting today," said Irina Zelyonova, 30, cradling their baby in their arms.
Turchynov and Ukraine's caretaker government came to power in February following the ouster of Kremlin-friendly President Viktor Yanukovych after months of protests in Kiev. Moscow and many in Ukraine's east have accused the new government of intending to trample the rights of eastern Ukraine's Russian-speakers.
More than 30 people have been reported killed since Ukrainian forces began trying to retake some eastern cities from the insurgents.
An armed militiaman in at a polling station in Kramatorsk in eastern Ukraine, May 11, 2014. Tali Mayer
Ukraine vote
Here at HuffPost Healthy Living, it's no secret that we're a little obsessed with sleep (we have an entire page dedicated to the latest sleep research, after all). So it probably comes as no surprise that Sleep Awareness Week, which runs from March 2 to 9, is kind of like our Super Bowl. In honor of the week, we've rounded up some of the most interesting sleep-related research findings from the past year. And even though Sleep Awareness Week is only a week long, let's agree to make sleep a priority all year.
1. Sorry, but you really do look tired. Not getting enough sleep at night can really take a toll on your looks. A study in the journal Sleep showed that sleep-deprived faces have more wrinkles, eye-swelling, under-eye circles, eye redness and eyelid drooping than well-rested faces. The study included 10 people whose photographs were taken after a full eight hours' rest, and then after 31 hours of no sleep.
2. Your brain's system for taking out the trash is more active during sleep.
The waste-removal system of the brain -- called the glymphatic system -- is nearly 10 times more active during sleep than during wakefulness, according to a study in the journal Science. And to better allow for this waste-removal, the brain's cells actually shrink, found researchers from the University of Rochester Medical Center.
3. Some people can remember their dreams better than others. If you're always able to remember your dreams, while your partner never can, spontaneous activity in the temporo-parietal junction of your brains may explain why. A study in the journal Neuropsychopharmacology shows that people who regularly remember their dreams have more activity in this part of the brain, versus people who only rarely remember their dreams.
4. The brains of insomniacs may be different from good sleepers. A small study in the journal Sleep showed that people who have insomnia have more brain plasticity and activity in the motor cortex of the brain, which is responsible for controlling movement. However, researchers noted that more work is needed to determine whether this plasticity is a good or bad thing.
5. Nearly half of Americans aren't getting enough Zzs.
About 40 percent of Americans got fewer than seven hours of sleep in a typical night last year, according to a Gallup report. While everybody's sleep needs are different, the National Sleep Foundation does recommend that adults clock between seven and nine hours a night.
6. Schedules are good for your sleep. Having consistency in your daily routine (including when you start work, when you eat dinner, etc.) is associated with better sleep, according to a study in the Journal of Gerontology: Series B.
7. Going to bed and waking up at the same times each day could be good for your weight. Regular wake and sleep times are associated with less body fat among young women, Brigham Young University researchers found in an American Journal of Health Promotion study. The study also showed that getting too little sleep (6.5 hours a night or fewer) or too much sleep (8.5 hours a night or more) was associated with more body fat.
8. And for kids, a regular bedtime could actually lead to better behavior.
A Pediatrics study showed an association between inconsistent bedtimes and increased hyperactivity among 7-year-olds. "Kids don't say they're tired, they typically act it out -- most commonly by being hyperactive," Dr. Carolyn D'Ambrosio, the director of the sleep center at Tufts Medical Center, who was not involved in the study, told LiveScience.
9. Insomnia doesn't just zap your daytime productivity -- it also raises the risk of a number of health conditions. A Journal of Sleep Research study that included data from 24,715 people showed that insomnia is a risk factor for a wide variety of health problems, including anxiety, depression, heart attack, rheumatoid arthritis and osteoporosis.
10. Burgers look awfully good when you're tired.
Just one night of no sleep increases cravings for calorie-dense foods, according to a University of California, Berkeley, study. Researchers looked at study participants' brains after a normal night's sleep and after a night of sleep deprivation, and found that not only did the participants tend to crave unhealthy foods like pizza and donuts over healthy foods like carrots and strawberries, but their brain activity was also different. Specifically, the part of the brain that controls complex decision-making had impairments after the sleep deprivation, while the part of the brain associated with reward had more activity.
The headquarters of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are seen in Washington, July 6, 2009. REUTERS/Jim Bourg
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission sued a U.K. man it said hacked into online brokerage accounts of several U.S. investors, placed unauthorized stock trades, and within minutes made profitable trades in the same stocks in their own account.
A federal judge issued an emergency order freezing assets belonging to the defendant, Idris Dayo Mustapha, the SEC said on Wednesday, shortly after filing its civil lawsuit with the U.S. District Court in Manhattan.
It was unclear whether Mustapha had a lawyer. They could not immediately be reached for comment.
According to court papers, Mustapha caused the hijacked accounts to buy more than $5 million of mostly little-known stocks in April and May, and coordinated their trading to sell the stocks at about the same time.
The SEC said Mustapha, 30, generated at least $68,000 of profit, while costing their unwitting victims about $289,000.
It said five victims held accounts with a broker in New Jersey, while four had accounts at foreign brokerage firms.
Mustapha was charged with securities fraud. The SEC is seeking to recoup ill-gotten gains and impose civil fines.
“We will swiftly track down hackers who prey on investors as we allege Mustapha did, no matter where they are operating from and no matter how sophisticated their technology,” Robert Cohen, co-chief of the SEC enforcement division's market abuse unit, said in a statement.
The case is SEC v Mustapha, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-04805.
0 0 0 17 0
Source: pixabay.com
Introduction
There are lots of posts regarding Hyper-V networking. But there doesn't seem to be a single compiled and up to date guide covering fundamentals and some advanced topics alike. This article aims to fill that gap, without a wall of text but a few easies to understand diagrams, tables, and PowerShell snippets. We will take a look at Hyper-V's basic networking concept, NIC teaming (Network Interface Card) and different approaches to let VMs (Virtual Machines) talk to specific VLANs or even VLAN trunks.
The first article in the Hyper-V Networking 101 series will cover everything you need to know about virtual switches and NICs. The last post is planned as a real-world example: A way to implement a secure Wi-Fi (and/or wired) guest network on top of a virtual firewall.
Physical vs. Virtual Networking
Networking in the virtual world isn't that different from its physical counterpart. A basic VM, like any basic server, may use one (virtual) NIC that connects to a single subnet. You could add additional IP addresses to that NIC to reach even more subnets. Add additional NICs for load balancing and/or redundancy or to make your OS reach other networks. Even VLANs may be applied at any given stage. To be honest, there is absolutely no real difference that you may notice in your day-to-day work.
Hyper-V Networking
Hyper-V tries to keep things as simple as possible when it comes to networking. There are two logical layers between your VM and your physical uplink: A virtual NIC and a virtual Switch. The virtual switch itself is dumb, apart from a few advanced settings. There is no management interface, no Layer 3 functionality, no spanning tree configuration. It's more like a logical abstraction layer in the background that provides network connectivity to your VMs.
Figure 1: Virtual Switch Types
Hyper-V provides three types of virtual switches: external, internal and private. They are nearly identical, the only real difference between the different types is optional access for the management partition and access to external networks.
Table 1: Virtual Switch Types
Please note that each physical NIC that has been bound to a virtual switch cannot directly be used for other purposes anymore.
Management partition connectivity: “Allow management operating system to share this network adapter”
Remember that Hyper-V is a type 1 hypervisor. This means that there is just a small piece of software running on the hardware and the virtual machines. And: There's absolutely no host operating system. Instead, the management OS is simply running as a virtual machine too.
Figure 2: Type 1 hypervisor vs. bare metal
This is true even if you install Windows Server with a full-blown GUI. Once you activate the Hyper-V role and reboot the host, your previous bare metal operating system will run on a virtual machine. Below is a screenshot showing a Microsoft Hyper-V Server 2016. Even this minimal interface isn't running directly on the hardware, but inside a virtual machine – the management partition:
Figure 3: Microsoft Hyper-V Server Management OS
What happens in the background when you allow your management partition to access a virtual switch is simpler than you might think, and there's absolutely no magic involved: Hyper-V just adds a virtual NIC to the VM running the management OS. That new virtual NIC will be connected to your virtual switch, as shown in the following diagram:
Figure 4: Management OS – just another virtual machine
External Switch
Probably the most often used type. It provides access to external networks via physical uplinks, either teamed or single NIC(s). You may also allow the parent OS to access that switch. In this case, Hyper-V creates a new virtual NIC and connects that NIC to the virtual switch.
Figure 4: External virtual switch
Hints:
Remember: Your Host-OS is just another VM, even if it looks like a regular physical installation.
You cannot bind the same physical NIC to more than one virtual switch.
Create a new external switch using PowerShell
Get-NetAdapter -Name "pNIC" | New-VMSwitch -ComputerName localhost -Name "ExternalSwitch1" -AllowManagementOS $true 1 Get - NetAdapter - Name "pNIC" | New - VMSwitch - ComputerName localhost - Name "ExternalSwitch1" - AllowManagementOS $ true
Please note that we do not provide the parameter SwitchType here because a virtual switch having a physical NIC is always an external switch per definition.
StarWind HyperConverged Appliance is a turnkey, entirely software-defined hyperconverged platform purpose-built for intensive virtualization workloads. Bringing the desired performance and reducing downtime, the solution can be deployed by organizations with limited budgets and IT team resources. Also, it requires only one onsite node to deliver HA for your applications that make the solution even more cost-efficient. Find out more about ➡ StarWind HyperConverged Appliance
Internal Switch
The internal switch provides access between VMs and the parent partition. This could be used for local monitoring or backend services like databases for example, which are not supposed to talk to the outside world.
Figure 6: Internal virtual switch
Create a new internal switch using PowerShell
New-VMSwitch -ComputerName localhost -Name "InternalSwitch1" -SwitchType Internal 1 New - VMSwitch - ComputerName localhost - Name "InternalSwitch1" - SwitchType Internal
Please note that we do not provide the parameter AllowManagementOS here because granting access to the management OS is not optional for internal switches.
Private Switch
Private switches are identical to internal switches. The just don't provide access to the management partition. There are a few use cases like a heartbeat connection for clustered VMs for example. But having clustered services on the same physical host rarely makes any sense…
Better use VLANs with external switches, which will be covered in a later article.
Figure 7: External virtual switch
Create a new private switch using PowerShell
New-VMSwitch -ComputerName localhost -Name "PrivateSwitch1" -SwitchType Private 1 New - VMSwitch - ComputerName localhost - Name "PrivateSwitch1" - SwitchType Private
Like with the internal switch, we are not using the SwitchType parameter here.
Example: A redundant virtual firewall system using CARP
The following diagram demonstrates a possible use case involving two external and a private virtual switch. For example, two pfSense firewall VMs using CARP do need a private network to sync their states and configurations.
This is not what I would call best practices, because – like I said before – redundant systems on the same physical hardware hardly make much sense (in most cases). Better use another external switch, run tagged VLAN traffic on it and have your firewall VMs deployed to different hosts. I'll talk about that in another article soon.
Figure 8: Scenario with multiple virtual switches
Conclusion & Outlook
This guide's intention is to help you to understand how Hyper-V networking works. Like I said before, we'll slowly dive into more details soon. The next article in the Hyper-V Networking 101 series will be about different types of teamed NICs.
Feel free to leave a comment in case you have any questions – or if you would like to have a specific topic covered during this series.
Related materials:
Views All-Time Views All Time 2 Views Today 31
Appreciate how useful this article was to you?
5 out of 5, based on 1 review 5 out of 5, based on 1 review
Loading... Loading...
While a new wave of Philippine designers use indigenous materials and social enterprise to support communities, textile innovation could also address consequences of Typhoon Haiyan
Last month's International Fashion Showcase saw more than 30 foreign embassies and cultural institutions present young design talent to a London audience comprising press, buyers and fashion aficionados.
The Manila Wear showcase from the Philippines was the only one that highlighted how six designers incorporate indigenous sustainable materials into their designs. In addition, each designer had either a partnership with an NGO where profits are put back into community development, or was collaborating with local artisans and textile suppliers.
While Manila is not generally known as an international fashion capital, it could become a leader in sustainable design processes, says Senen Mangalile, minister and consul general at the Philippine embassy in London. "Philippines has a lot to offer in terms of creative designs, but also a model for sustainable partnership between designers and the local communities who supply some of the materials [the designers] use." The designers possess the creative talent to make work for an international market but at the same time, they help local communities who perform the work.
With a rising middle class and a new generation of designers who are engaged with international fashion markets in a way their predecessors weren't, the elements are coming together for a dynamic hub of Manila designers who combine inspiration from the tropical landscape that surrounds them with western design aesthetics.
Accessories designer Ken Samudio, referenced the diverse marine life of the Philippines in their collars and headpieces combining indigenous materials, bamboo and abacá (banana fibre) with upcycled industrial materials like resin and plastic, and used local embroidery and beading techniques. Samudio's workshop provides a source of income for a group of single mothers in Manila who they have trained in the artisan needlework used in their designs.
Fellow accessories designer Adante Leyesa, or "social designer" as they prefer to be called, creates handbags and statement necklaces using bamboo, piña (pineapple fibre) and locally sourced precious stones. They work in partnership with the Antique Atelier, a sustainable tourism project set up to provide work for disabled members of a remote island community outside Manila.
"I am a strong advocate of the use of local materials," says Leyesa. "I am an educator and I provide capacity-building programmes in remote areas to teach people the skills to develop products for my brand."
Womenswear designer Tipay Caintic, is a native of Taclobad, where Typhoon Haiyan struck in November. Them knitwear collection drew on the theme of the environmental catastrophe that has, according the Philippine government, displaced nearly 4.1 million people.
Caintic has primarily used knitted pineapple fibre, spun into a silky yarn similar to rayon. Them showpiece is a full length knit evening gown named Downpour which is crocheted from banana silk and includes a voluminous skirt made out of piña, a material not that dissimilar to organza. The ensemble is topped with a Perspex hat resembling the corrugated tin roofs of the coastal shantytowns that were the hardest hit.
This is where the harsh reality of the typhoon's legacy sets in. The Philippines is the largest producer of copra or coconut to the world market, a resource that was completely destroyed in the Eastern Visayas, where the typhoon landed. According to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, a million coconut farmers have been affected. While attempts to replant the crops are underway, it can take nearly eight years before the crops mature and are ready for market, presenting a problem for farmers in the short-term.
The government has put its weight behind the abacá industry and is currently seeking certification from the Rainforest Alliance to increase market value. The abacá crop could offer coconut farmers a choice beyond aid dependency. In automotive engineering, Mercedes-Benz has used a mixture of polypropylene thermoplastic and abacá yarn in automobile body parts. In the fashion industry, an abacá and polyester mix is increasingly looked upon as an alternative to using cotton in denim production.
Here in the UK, The Future Fabrics Expo focuses on how fashion's environmental impact can be lowered through textile innovation. Charlotte Turner, project manager at The Sustainable Angle who organises the Expo, says: "For many decades, the abacá fibre has been considered a high quality soft fibre, though less suited to the needs of fashion and more commonly used to create speciality papers. However, there are designers using luxurious handwoven abacá fabrics in their collections."
Along with recent developments that blend pineapple fibre with polyester, it's clear a diverse range of bast and hard fibres do have a place in fashion.
Christine de León is founder and director of Very Nice Threads.
Join the community of sustainability professionals and experts. Become a GSB member to get more stories like this direct to your inbox
Dr. Douglas Farrago assists Roy Coleman during a physical therapy session for shoulder pain at Forest Direct Primary Care in Forest on Oct. 30. Farrago provides direct primary care, where patient loads are small — about a fourth of the number the average family physician cares for, according to national statistics — and fees are affordable, $75 to $150 a month. (Photo: AP)
Sara Coleman leans forward, their coffee cup now empty, and considers their answer carefully. They and their husband, Roy, haven't been patients of Dr. Douglas Farrago for long. In fact, Forest Direct Primary Care just had its soft opening a few weeks ago.
They mull over the health insurance premiums they used to pay, how Farrago has motivated them to take better care of herself, and the advice Farrago gave to their husband — who is having problems with their shoulder — to exercise rather than seek out a shot, and comes to a decision.
“I think at some point,” Coleman said, “he'll be turning people away.”
Fast forward one week. It's a Thursday evening and Farrago stands on a podium in front of a 30-plus crowd of curious and somewhat skeptical adults who pepper them with questions for more than an hour.
Yes, he'll make house calls.
No, they won't accept insurance.
Yes, he's serious.
It's a bold pronouncement but one that the 49-year-old entrepreneur and physician appears to have been headed toward for years.
Unlike concierge medicine, which caters to the wealthy with pricey membership fees, this is direct primary care, a small but growing field where patient loads are small — about a fourth of the number the average family physician cares for, according to national statistics — and fees are affordable, $75 to $150 a month.
Farrago, one of the first in the area to try it on this scale, calls is a “more personal, comprehensive” kind of health care.
Confident and energetic, Farrago has appeared in magazine and newspaper publications across the country for everything from the patented Knee-Saver they developed for baseball catchers to the “The Placebo Journal,” a long-running MAD magazine for physicians.
Throughout it all, one thing has remained the same: their disdain for what they feel family practice has become — a 15-minute visit defined by codes and insurance companies.
“We're being overburdened with bureaucratic dreg,” Farrago said one afternoon from the same office where they meet patients face-to-face before and after exams to discuss their well-being. Exams are done just down the hallway, sans computer.
Over the last 20 years, Farrago has worked in traditional family practices and immediate-care clinics, like those that have cropped up across the Lynchburg area in the last few years.
Last month they decided to go off the grid, following in the footsteps of some 4,000-plus direct-care physicians nationwide who have cut out insurance companies and directly bill patients monthly.
The practice has gained enough of a following that, last year, the American Academy of Family Physicians formally recognized its benefits and created a policy for this kind of physician practices.
“The model eliminates the insurance middleman and provides revenue directly to the practice to innovate in both customer service and quality of care for the patients they serve,” said AAFP Board Chair Glen Stream, M.D. in the policy. “This is one option that is particularly well suited for small family medicine practices that are struggling financially in environments not yet supporting (Primary Care Medical Homes) with a viable payment model.”
Clients are billed monthly and in exchange they have unlimited access to physicians with no co-pays for office visits. In Forest, Farrago's rates are competitive with other direct primary care physician's rates, $75 a month for individuals, $125 for couples, and $150 for families. Farrago said they can attend to 90 percent of all medical needs — osteopathic manipulation, cortisone injections and skin procedures are included, for example — but acknowledges that there are all kinds of outside services not included in the monthly fee.
Blood tests, flu shots and diagnostics like CT scans, X-rays and MRIs are among the services that would require out-of-pocket costs. Farrago tells patients that they have partnerships with radiologists, the Lynchburg Health Department and area laboratories that will provide discounted services.
Farrago, like other direct primary care physicians, also urges patients to get catastrophic insurance should something major happen; “that's a mistake to not have insurance,” they said.
Cutting ties with insurance helps Farrago become “the doctor I want to be.”
“I want to bring back medicine to the old-fashioned way. I can't be Marcus Welby without time,” they said, referring the 1970s television show about a doctor with a kind bedside manner. “They're squeezing us on time.”
The average primary-care physician has about 2,300 patients, according to the Annals of Family Medicine. The American Academy of Family Physicians reports that physicians see about 19 patients a day.
In practice, it means physicians are generally allotted about 15 minutes to take care of a patient, Farrago said.
Farrago will accept only 600 patients, seeing three to six patients a day, while all will have access to them via phone, text and email wherever they are. He's using an electronic medical records system that can connect email correspondence with patient records just as easily as it accepts the data from their Fitbits. Made for direct-care physicians, the program lets Farrago track data over time. It's their job to interpret the numbers.
As a result, Bedford County resident Larry Compter said, Farrago is able to “go outside the box.”
Compter and their wife Barbara, a cancer survivor, have only been to see Farrago a few times, but they are two of the nearly 100 patients who already have signed up for Forest Direct Primary Care. They met Farrago when they were working at a family practice in Forest and decided to follow when they opened their own practice.
Compter said their experience with Farrago helped them realize there is another way to get health care and it doesn't involve a diagnosis code and high-volume.
“What Dr. Farrago is doing, it's a more personal kind of medical care,” Compter said, calling direct primary care “a step in the right direction.”
“It's a step back to medicine as it ought to be — between the doctor and that patient.”
When Sara Coleman's physician of 35 years retired, they couldn't imagine finding a comparable replacement so the Coleman's, who are self-employed, agreed to pay full price at immediate care sites.
The physicians there were fine. The wait was not.
So, they tried Farrago and, like Compter, encouraged them spouse, Roy, to consider signing on as Farrago's patient as well.
“Anything that bucks the system I'm good for,” Sara Coleman said, explaining why they and Roy are now patients at FDPC. “I don't mind paying somebody but I want what I pay for.”
“When you get pieces of the medical system that's what you get, pieces, and you've got to piece it together,” Coleman said. “I want somebody who can tell me what all those pieces add up to.”
Coleman said, with this model of care Farrago has the time and takes the time. Roy had been getting injections to cope with shoulder pain for a while, but Farrago started them on a physical therapy routine, personally taking them through strengthening exercises that they now do daily.
At last week's visit, Roy didn't feel the need for a shot.
Although Direct Primary Care is catching on — Collaborative Health Partners, a collaboration between Central Virginia Family Physicians and Medical Associates of Central Virginia, began offering residents Direct Primary Care earlier this year — it won't be for everyone.
Skeptics at an informational meeting wanted assurances that Farrago wouldn't eventually become greedy and take on more patients leaving less time for them, that they wouldn't raise their rates or festoon their office with religious paraphernalia. They won't get greedy, they said, but they may hire an associate; if rates have to rise he'll talk with their patients and no, no religious paraphernalia.
The meeting ends and people mill around waiting for the opportunity to speak with Farrago, to look them in the eye.
Surrounded by a cluster of friends, Ron Justice asks Farrago a few questions before deciding to sign on.
They vividly remember their mom dying of cancer and the way healthcare providers made them feel. At 51, Justice is healthy but knows at some point, “I'm going to need health care.”
“I don't want to go through this time of life and feel like I don't have a doctor.”
Read or Share this story: http://www.newsleader.com/story/news/2014/11/08/va-doc-makes-house-calls-take-insurance/18726929/
Prisoner of conscience (POC) is a term coined by Peter Benenson in a 28 May 1961 article ("The Forgotten Prisoners") for the London Observer newspaper. Most often associated with the human rights organisation Amnesty International, the term can refer to anyone imprisoned because of their race, sexual orientation, religion, or political views. It also refers to those who have been imprisoned and/or persecuted for the non-violent expression of their conscientiously held beliefs.
Definition [ edit ]
The article "The Forgotten Prisoners" by Peter Benenson, published in The Observer 28 May 1961, launched the campaign "Appeal for Amnesty 1961" and first defined a "prisoner of conscience".[2]
Any person who is physically restrained (by imprisonment or otherwise) from expressing (in any form of words or symbols) any opinion which they honestly holds and which does not advocate or condone personal violence. We also exclude those people who have conspired with a foreign government to overthrow their own.
The primary goal for this year-long campaign, founded by the English lawyer Peter Benenson and a small group of writers, academics and lawyers including Quaker peace activist Eric Baker, was to identify individual prisoners of conscience around the world and then campaign for their release. In early 1962, the campaign had received enough public support to become a permanent organization and was renamed Amnesty International.
Under British law, Amnesty International was classed as a political organisation and therefore excluded from tax-free charity status.[3] To work around this, the "Fund for the Persecuted" was established in 1962 to receive donations to support prisoners and their families. The name was later changed to the "Prisoners of Conscience Appeal Fund" and is now a separate and independent charity which provides relief and rehabilitation grants to prisoners of conscience in the UK and around the world.[4]
Amnesty International has, since its founding, pressured governments to release those persons it considers to be prisoners of conscience.[5] Governments, conversely, tend to deny that the specific prisoners identified by Amnesty International are, in fact, being held on the grounds Amnesty claims; they allege that these prisoners pose genuine threats to the security of their countries.[6]
The concept of "Prisoners of conscience" became a controversy around Nelson Mandela's imprisonment in South Africa 1964. They had initially been adopted as a prisoner of conscience in 1962, when they were sentenced to five years in jail for inciting a strike of African workers.[7] This was reversed after the Rivonia Trial showed that Mandela now had turned to violently opposing the South African regime. The reversal evolved in 1964 into a worldwide debate and a poll among the members of Amnesty International. The overwhelming majority decided to maintain the basic rule, that prisoners of conscience are those who have not used or advocated violence.[8]
The phrase is now widely used in political discussions to describe a political prisoner, whether or not Amnesty International has specifically adopted the case, although the phrase has a different scope and definition than that of political prisoner.[9]
Current Amnesty International prisoners of conscience [ edit ]
Below is an incomplete list of individuals that Amnesty International considers to be prisoners of conscience, organized by country.
NAME AGE LOCATION TERM; UNTIL REASON Christensen, Dennis 45 Detention Center No. 1, Oryol Region 17 months; 2018-11-01 Religious activity Karimov, Ilkham 37 Detention Center No. 5, Republic of Tatarstan 5 months; 2018-10-25 Religious activity Matrashov, Konstantin 29 Detention Center No. 5, Republic of Tatarstan 5 months; 2018-10-25 Religious activity Myakushin, Vladimir 30 Detention Center No. 5, Republic of Tatarstan 5 months; 2018-10-25 Religious activity Yulmetyev, Aydar 24 Detention Center No. 5, Republic of Tatarstan 5 months; 2018-10-25 Religious activity Mikhailov, Dmitriy 40 Detention Center No. 1, Ivanovo Region 5 months; 2018-10-19 Religious activity Klimov, Sergey 48 Detention Center No. 1, Tomsk Region 5 months; 2018-10-31 Religious activity Osadchuk, Valentin 42 Detention Center No. 1, Primorskiy Territory 7 months; 2018-11-20 Religious activity Bazhenov, Konstantin 43 Detention Center No. 1, Saratov Region 6 months; 2018-12-12 Religious activity Makhammadiev, Felix 33 Detention Center No. 1, Saratov Region 6 months; 2018-12-12 Religious activity Budenchuk, Aleksey 35 Detention Center No. 1, Saratov Region 6 months; 2018-12-12 Religious activity Stupnikov, Andrey 44 Detention Center No. 1, Krasnoyarsk Territory 4 months; 2018-11-02 Religious activity Polyakova, Anastasiya 34 Detention Center No. 1, Omsk Region 5 months; 2018-11-20 Religious activity Polyakov, Sergey 46 Detention Center No. 1, Omsk Region 5 months; 2018-11-20 Religious activity Alushkin, Vladimir 54 Detention Center No. 1, Penza Region 4 months; 2018-11-14 Religious activity Levchuk, Vadim 46 Detention Center No. 1, Kemerovo Region 4 months; 2018-11-19 Religious activity Britvin, Sergey 52 Detention Center No. 1, Kemerovo Region 4 months; 2018-11-19 Religious activity Barmakin, Dmitriy 44 Detention Center No. 1, Primorskiy Territory 4 months; 2018-10-27 Religious activity Moskalenko, Valeriy 51 Detention Center No. 1, Khabarovsk Territory 4 months; 2018-12-02 Religious activity Sorokina, Nataliya 43 Detention Center No. 1, Smolensk Region 1 month 12 days; 2018-11-19 Religious activity Troshina, Mariya 41 Detention Center No. 1, Smolensk Region 1 month 12 days; 2018-11-19 Religious activity Onishchuk, Andzhey 50 Unconfirmed 1 month 24 days; 2018-12-02 Religious activity Korobeynikov, Vladimir 65 Unconfirmed Unconfirmed Religious activity Suvorkov, Andrey 25 Unconfirmed 1 month 25 days; 2018-12-03 Religious activity Suvorkov, Evgeniy 40 Unconfirmed 1 month 24 days; 2018-12-02 Religious activity Khalturin, Maksim 44 Unconfirmed 1 month 24 days; 2018-12-02 Religious activity
Ussamah Mohammed;[89] Faisal Saleh[90]
Ali al-Abdullah;[91] Mazen Darwish;[92] Shibal Ibrahim;[93] Riad Seif[94]
Somyot Prueksakasemsuk[95]
Ramzi Abcha;[96] Ghazi Beji;[96]
Ruslan Kotsaba[97]
Nasser bin Ghaith[98]
Saifullah Paracha[99]
Azam Farmonov;[51] Alisher Karamatov;[51] Solijon Abdrahmanov[100]
Leopoldo López[101]; Gregory Hinds[102]; Geraldine Chacón[102]
Cù Huy Hà Vũ;[103] Le Cong Dinh;[104] Nguyen Dan Que;[105] Nguyen Van Hai;[106] Nguyen Van Ly;[107] Phan Thanh Hai;[108] Ta Phong Tan;[108] Vi Duc Hoi;[109] Trần Huỳnh Duy Thức.[110]
See also [ edit ]
Victoria's 42,000 state school teachers have won a pay rise of between 16.1 per cent and 20.5 per cent over three years after an epic 18-month battle with the state government.
The decision will also impact on teachers at Catholic schools, whose wages are tied to those in state schools.
Under the deal, principals will be awarded a 17 per cent to 19.6 per cent increase and education support staff a 12 per cent to 17.1 per cent rise. All will receive a one-off lump sum of $1000 on top of their salary.
Australian Education Union state president Meredith Peace said the in-principle agreement - which exceeds the 12.6 per cent pay rise over three years the union had been seeking - was a ''significant win''. It factors in promotions over the course of the EBA.
Fox News
The Obama administration has admitted that an illegal immigrant and known gang member — who recently was charged in the murders of four people — was allowed to remain in the United States under President Obama's Executive actions.
Emmanuel Jesus Rangel-Hernandez was allowed in August 2013 to remain in the U.S., following their request about seven months earlier to stay under the president's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program,according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Director Leon Rodriguez.
Rodriquez acknowledged in a letter to a top Republican Senator that Rangel-Hernandez's application was approved,even though a federal crime database indicated they were a “known gang member.”
“Based on the standard procedures and protocols in place at the time, the DACA request and related employment authorization should not have been approved,” said Rodriguez, in a letter to Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, who had raised questions about the case.White House spokesperson Jen Psaki, in an interview Wednesday on Fox News, declined to address the Rangel-Hernandez case specifically — or whether illegal immigrants who engage in criminal activity are being allowed to stay in the U.S. under DACA or similar executive actions. (DACA is intended to give a deportation reprieve to some illegal immigrants who came to the U.S. as children.)
“Let me tell you what DACA is about,” Psaki told Fox News. “It's not about not only giving a path [to citizenship] to individuals who are in the United States. It's morally right. … I can't go into detail on every specific case. This is something that there are a number of steps in place that we take to look at who benefits from it.”
Rangel-Hernandez, originally from Mexico, is now charged with first-degree murder in connection with the killings in February in North Carolina of four people, including former“America's Next Top Model” contestant Mirjana Puhar.
“This statement by USCIS confirms what we have feared — that USCIS is not doing a thorough job reviewing the individuals who it allows staying in this country under the president's deferred action program” Grassley said in a written statement.
“It's no secret that USCIS staff is under intense pressure to approve every DACA application that comes across their desk. And based on this information, it's clear that adequate protocols are not in place to protect public safety. The fact is that this tragedy could have been avoided if the agency had a zero-tolerance policy with regard to criminal aliens and gang members.”
At the time their request was considered, Rangel-Hernandez already was in deportation proceedings.
They earlier came to the attention of Immigration and Customs Enforcement after a 2012 arrest for marijuana possession, for which the charges were subsequently dismissed.
In their provocative new book The Dumbest Generation, Mark Bauerlein argues that "the digital age stupefies young Americans and jeopardizes our future" by turning out hyper-networked kids who can track each other's every move with ease but are largely ignorant of history, economics, culture, and other subjects they believe are prerequisites for meaningful civic participation.
Bauerlein, an English professor at Emory University who has written for reason, notes that a 2003 Foundation for Individual Rights survey found that only one out of 50 college students could name the first right mentioned in the First Amendment. Between 1982 and 2002, the National Endowment for the Arts estimates that the share of 18-to-24-year-olds who reported reading a single poem, play, novel, or short story outside of school or work dropped from 60 percent to 43 percent. "I tell students in class all the time, 'You guys are lazy and ignorant,'" says Bauerlein. "Don't tell me how busy you are. You watch two hours and 41 minutes of TV a day."
Bauerlein is a self-described "educational conservative," but their politics do not fit easily into existing categories. "I believe in a core knowledge, a core tradition, that everyone should learn," they explain. "Socially, I'm pretty liberal and libertarian; I think the drug war is one of the most absurd and costly government programs ever created."
Bauerlein talked with reason.tv's Nick Gillespie in June. Watch the approximately eight-minute interview above.
And as a special bonus, click below to see Bauerlein's answers to questions from the home version of Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader? Click on the image below to see just how well (or poorly) they do.
Was planning to purchase the Thermaltake riing 120mm fan white led version vs this fan. Read a lot of reviews and decided to go with the corsair. The weight of the corsair fan was much heavier and also makes a better chasis fan. This fan can also be used for radiators or CPU heatsinks. The noise and performance was what made me purchase this fan as it can go from very quiet to a audible louder sound at full speeds. This fan moves a lot of air and the white LEDS are a nice white around 5000k in color. Almost 30 bucks for a fan but it feels and works great. I would rather have something last longer and work better than something that is cheaper and not as effective. .
Read more
A milestone birthday plus a milestone event anniversary? You've got "Move Me Brightly," a film based around the historic musical event of the same name that celebrated Grateful Dead's legendary Jerry Garcia on what would have been their 70th birthday last year. The date also marked the 10th anniversary of the annual "Jerry Day" in Garcia's hometown of San Francisco. Of all the Dead events happening around the city that day, none were closer to Garcia than the all-star gathering of musicians, friends and friends at the "Move Me Brightly" tribute concert at Dead member Bob Weir's TRI Studios, an epic five-hour concert that was streamed live right here on Yahoo Music—and we have highlights from the show for you to watch right now!
The original stream began with a series of interviews with some of the biggest names in music telling stories and paying tribute to Garcia. Interviewed by actor Luke Wilson, Grateful Dead members Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzmann recounted experiences with the Dead, artists Carlos Santana, Sammy Hagar, Perry Farrell chatted about Garcia's influence, along with personal stories from Garcia's brother Tiff, ex-wife Carolyn "Mountain Girl" Garcia and three daughters.
The monster line-up of musicians young and classic, who were shuffled in and out throughout the show, included Dead bassist Phil Lesh and vocalist Donna Jean Godchaux, Mike Gordon of Phish, drummer Joe Russo and keyboardist Jeff Chimenti of Further, Harper Simon (son of Paul Simon), drummer Chris Tomson of Vampire Weekend, Hold Steady members Craig Finn and Tad Kubler, Josh Kaufman and Sam Cohen of Yellowbirds (who previously joined Weir for "The Bridge Session"), Cass McCombs, Black Crowes keyboardist Adam McDougall, Cardinals' Neal Casal and Jon Graboff, Jason Roberts, Jim Lauderdale and Jonathan Wilson.
Here's the setlist for the video above:
1) The Wheel > Cumberland Blues - Bob Weir, Phil Lesh, Joe Russo, Neal Casal, Jason Abraham Roberts, Jeff Chimenti, Donna Jean Godchaux, Jonathan Graboff
2) Dupree's Diamond Blues - Cass McCombs, Mike Gordon, Joe Russo, Sam Cohen, Jeff Chimenti, Josh Kaufman, Neal Casal
3) Ship of Fools - Bob Weir, Donna Jean Godchaux, Jeff Chimenti, Neal Casal, Joe Russo, Mike Gordon, Jonathan Graboff
4) Friend of the Devil - Jim Lauderdale, Cass McCombs, Harper Simon
5) Mission in the Rain - Jonathan Wilson, Mike Gordon, Joe Russo, Donna Jean Godchaux, Neal Cassal, Jeff Chimenti
6) Shakedown Street - Bob Weir, Joe Russo, Mark Gordon, Jeff Chimenti, Harper Simon, Chris Tomson, Donna Jean Godchaux, Adam McDougal, Sam Cohen, Josh Kaufman
7) Terrapin Station - Cass McCombs, Donna Jean Godchaux, Mike Gordon, Joe Russo, Jonathan Graboff, Sam Cohen, Josh Kaufman, Jeff Chimenti
8) He's Gone - Bob Weir, Mike Gordon, Donna Jean Godchaux, Jeff Chimenti, Joe Russo, Sam Cohen, Josh Kaufman, Jonathan Graboff
9) Eyes of the World - Bob Weir, Jim Lauderdale, Mike Gordon, Donna Jean Godchaux, Jeff Chimenti, Joe Russo, Sam Cohen, Josh Kaufman, Jonathan Graboff, Adam McDougal, Harper Simon
10) Scarlet Begonias - Bob Weir, Craig Finn, Donna Jean Godchaux, Joe Russo, Mark Gordon, Josh Kaufman, Sam Cohen, Tad Kubler, Jeff Chimenti, Adam McDougal, Jonathan Graboff
11) Days Between - Bob Weir, Neal Cassal, Jeff Chimenti, Sam Cohen, Josh Kaufman, Mike Gordon, Joe Russo, Jonathan Wilson, Jonathan Graboff
12) Franklin's Tower - Bob Weir, Jason Abraham Roberts, Donna Jean Godchaux, Joe Russo, Jonathan Wilson, Mike Gordon, Chris Tomson, Josh Kaufman, Sam Cohen, Harper Simon, Neal Casal, Jim Lauderdale, Jonathan Graboff, Adam McDougal, Jeff Chimenti
Check out more information about "Move Me Brightly" plus more streaming events at TRIStudios.com.
Follow Tiffany on Twitter & Instagram: @tiffanycanfly
Follow "YahooMusic" on Instagram
MOBILE, Alabama -- A delivery truck driver snatched a shotgun from a would-be robber and and beat them with it this morning, helping to end the suspect's 2-day robbery spree, Mobile police said.
Chauncey Lamar Philan, 19, was taken to Mobile County Metro Jail early Thursday evening and charged with 3 counts of 1st-degree robbery, police spokesperson Cpl. Christopher Levy.
Chickasaw police spokesperson Lt. Brad Penton said that Philan was to be charged again with 1st-degree robbery in connection with a robbery Wednesday morning in that city.
Levy said that Philan approached a delivery truck driver at the Food World on Dauphin Island Parkway around dawn Thursday and pointed a shotgun at the intended victim, demanding money.
But the driver grabbed the shotgun and beat the robber several times with it, Levy said, and the robber ran off. Police located Philan not long afterward, Levy said.
Levy said that the shotgun was recovered.
The Food World incident followed a day in which Philan committed 2 other robberies in Mobile, Levy said.
Philan is also charged in connection with the robbery of an individual at the Walmart on the I-65 service road in Mobile at 2:10 a.m. Wednesday and the Checkers at 2300 St. Stephens Road at 3:15 a.m.
Penton said the robbery Philan is accused of in Chickasaw took place shortly after 4 a.m. Wednesday when a tractor-trailer driver for Southern Ionics was making a delivery at the company plant in the Port of Chickasaw.
Penton said that the driver noticed being followed by a Cadillac after making an earlier delivery in Satsuma, and when they pulled up to the gate, the men pulled alongside. One of them asked for directions to Bay Minette, Penton said.
When the men asked the driver to write the directions down, one of them came out of the car with a shotgun and demanded the driver's wallet.
The driver dropped the wallet getting it out of their pocket, and they told the robbers to pick it up themselves. When the man with the shotgun did, they pulled money and the driver's health card out, then threw the wallet back, Penton said.
Penton added that a Prichard truck driver on the same morning reported 2 men in a car asking them for directions to Dauphin Island, but the trucker drove off when they noticed a shotgun inside the car.
Levy said that Philan was also being investigated in connection with other recent robberies.
Heartwarming actions of cop who bought groceries for shoplifting mom to feed their kids makes them an international star and gets the young mother a job
Instead of hauling Jessica Robles off to jail, Miami-Dade County Officer Vicki Thomas decided to help them out
'Arresting them wasn't going to solve the problem with their children being hungry,' said Thomas, who instead gave them a misdemeanor citation
Since then, the story has inspired residents and businesses of Miami to help Robles out
Ellen DeGeneres and Steve Harvey want Officer Thomas on their shows
One month after a kind-hearted police officer gave the starving mother and their family a chance, Jessica Robles' life has taken a dramatic turn.
Not only do they have food for their children, but they have a steady job and invitations to appear on shows like Good Morning America and Inside Edition.
The mother-of-three owes their recent good fortune to officer Vicki Thomas who, when called to deal with a shoplifter at a Miami Publix, decided to help instead of arresting them after Robles admitted they would probably steal again because their kids were hungry.
Thomas sent their home with a misdemeanor citation and $100 worth of groceries.
So grateful: Jessica Robles made the desperate decision to steal food for their hungry family. But getting caught has helped them turn over a new leaf
Kindness of strangers: Miami-Dade police officer Vicki Thomas chose to buy a penniless mom some of the groceries they were caught trying to steal instead of arresting them
'I made the decision to buy them some groceries because arresting them wasn't going to solve the problem with their children being hungry,'she said.
'To see them go through the bags when we brought them in, it was like Christmas,' Thomas said. 'That $100 to me was worth it'
Since news of Thomas's spontaneous act of kindness spread, good will offer of money, food, and even a job poured into the Robles household.
Miami-Dade police have also been swamped with calls from TV personalities like Ellen DeGeneres and Steve Harvey wanting the Vicki Thomas to appear on their show.
Speaking about the life-changing moment from their home this week, Robles, 30, told the Miami Herald: 'I knew when I left home that day that I had to come back with something to eat for my kids. I had to do it.'
They told Officer Thomas on the day they tried to walk out of Publix with $300 worth of shopping in a cart: 'I wish I could tell you I will never do this again. But I can't because my children are hungry, and I don't know what I will do.'
Robles's boyfriend had lost their job and, because of a paperwork issue, the federal assistance had stopped.
Officer Thomas thought of their own grandchildren and zipped around the grocery aisles at the store grabbing rice, pasta and food they knew their grandchildren loved.
'The public has been amazing and overwhelming,' the officer of 23 years said on Friday of the aftermath of their kind actions.
They told Robles that all they wanted them to do was help someone else when they were back on their feet.
'And they said they would,' Officer Thomas said.
[With] my brother in the dirt hungry, asking for food, and we have to tell him, "There is nothing here."'Robles' 12-year-old daughter Anais opened up about3 the family's dire situation
According to a poll conducted by the Gallup organization, a 58 percent of Americans supports a US military strike against North Korea if economic and diplomatic efforts fail.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — A 58 percent majority of Americans say they would back a US military strike against North Korea as a last resort if economic and diplomatic efforts fail to achieve US goals, according to a poll by the Gallup organization on Friday.
"This is significantly higher than the 47 percent in favor the last time Gallup asked this, in 2003," a press release explaining the poll stated.
The stated goal of US foreign policy is the complete denuclearization of the Korean peninsula and a halt in North Korea's missile proliferation efforts.
It was not clear from the release whether unstated US objective, such as a freeze on nuclear and missile development, was included in poll respondents' interpretation of "US goals."
© AP Photo / South Korea Defense Ministry Trump's National Security Adviser on N Korea's Latest Missile Launch: Military Option Still Possible
In early September, North Korea conducted its most powerful nuclear test , prompting speculation among scientists that Pyongyang had succeeded in developing a hydrogen bomb. Early on Friday morning (local time), North Korea launched its latest ballistic missile over Japan.
The poll revealed that US attitudes about striking North Korea are as partisan today as they were in 2003, with 82 percent of Republicans in the September 6-10 survey saying they would favor military action if peaceful means fail, compared with 37 percent of Democrats.
UNITED NATIONS (REUTERS) - The European Union praised Myanmar's progress on human rights under the leadership of Aung San Suu Kyi on Friday (Sept 23) and said that it would not be introducing a resolution at the United Nations condemning the country's record for the first time in 15 years.
Addressing the Partnership Group on Myanmar at the United Nations General Assembly, EU Foreign Policy chief Federica Mogherini called Suu Kyi's progress from political prisoner to government "powerful testimony to the incredible change Myanmar is going through."
"The government has taken bold measures to improve human rights and re-invigorate the peace process. Political prisoners have been released," they said.
Mogherini said steps had also "been taken against those who incite hatred" and a commission established under former UN secretary-general Kofi Annan to address violence between majority Buddhists and Muslim Rohingyas in Myanmar's state of Rakhine.
"Today, we mark another important step in our relationship," Mogherini said. "For the first time in 15 years, the European Union will not table a human rights resolution on Myanmar in the Third Committee of the UN General Assembly."
Addressing Suu Kyi, they said: "Fifteen years is the measure of the incredible distance Myanmar has walked, the measure of how much your country has changed."
Mogherini said the European Union understood the"complexity" of the situation in Rakhine and told Suu Kyi: "I know that you are working hard to find a sustainable solution for both communities."
Suu Kyi has been criticised for doing too little to address the plight of the Rohingya Muslims.
In their first address to the General Assembly as national leader on Wednesday, they defended their government's efforts to resolve the crisis there and asked for "understanding" and "the constructive contribution" of other countries.
They said the government would persevere in its efforts to achieve peace in Rakhine and stand firm "against the forces of prejudice and intolerance."
Increased freedom of speech since the military stepped back from direct rule in Myanmar in 2011 has allowed for the unleashing of long-held anti-Muslim sentiment.
Around 125,000 Rohingya remain confined in temporary camps after waves of deadly violence in 2012 between Buddhists and Muslims, when more than 100 people were killed.
The Rohingya have been seen by much of the Buddhist population as illegal immigrants from Bangladesh, even though many have lived in Myanmar for generations.
Most were stripped of their ability to vote in last year's election, which brought Suu Kyi to power as de facto leader.
The Obama administration permitted the National Security Agency to continue collecting vast amounts of records detailing the email and Internet usage of Americans for more than two years, new documents reveal.
According to two leaked NSA documents published by The Guardian on Thursday, a secretive surveillance program that put email and Internet metadata into the hands of the United States government was authorized after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks by President George W. Bush and continued under President Barack Obama through 2011.
Since then, claims The Guardian, the NSA has initiated new systems that collect and analyze the records of email communications sent in and out of the United States.
The leaked evidence comes three weeks to the day after The Guardian first began publishing classified NSA documents attributed to Edward Snowden, a 30-year-old former intelligence analyst from the US who is now wanted there for espionage.  They are reportedly in Moscow and has sought asylum from at least two foreign countries.
On June 6, journalist Glenn Greenwald detailed how telephony metadata — basic information about the phone habits of millions of Americans — was being regularly supplied to Washington under a secretive order authorized by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. In this week's article, Greenwald and co-author Spencer Ackerman say the latest revelation involves the collection of metadata involving emails that may have been sent or received by Americans.
One of the two papers published this week, a 2009 working draft from the NSA's Office of the Inspector General, explains how the agency initiated the "collection of bulk internet metadata" involving "communications with at least one communicant outside the United States or for which no communicant was known to be a citizen of the United States.” That document is marked as “top secret.”
We also published - for the first time - the top secret draft report of NSA's IG on post-9/11 domestic surveillance http://t.co/kX2sSnuyve — Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) June 27, 2013
Greenwald and Ackerman went on to cite a leaked Justice Department memo from 2007 published for the first time on Thursday that shows how the NSA gained authority to "analyze communications metadata associated with United States persons and persons believed to be in the United States.”
“The internet metadata of the sort NSA collected for at least a decade details the accounts to which Americans sent emails and from which they received emails,” the journalists wrote. “It also details the Internet protocol addresses (IP) used by people inside the United States when sending emails – information which can reflect their physical location. It did not include the content of emails.”
According to a statement supplied to The Guardian by the director of communications for National Intelligence, the Internet metadata collection program was discontinued in 2011 “as the result of an interagency review” and has reportedly not been restarted. A separate program, however, was launched in December 2012, and according to The Guardian it allows the NSA “to analyze communications with one end inside the US, leading to a doubling of the amount of data passing through its filters.”
Citing documents from the within the NSA's Special Source Operations (SSO), the journalists continued that “While there is no reference to any specific program currently collecting purely domestic internet metadata in bulk, it is clear that the agency collects and analyzes significant amounts of data from US communications systems in the course of monitoring foreign targets.”
Although the NSA has retired the practice of pulling in metadata through secretive FISC orders, Greenwald wrote that that the agency has since adopted all new methods. Citing leaked documents, The Guardian suggested on Thursday that the NSA recently acquired the ability to allow it to “collect far more internet traffic and data than ever before.”
“With this new system, the NSA is able to direct more than half of the internet traffic it intercepts from its collection points into its own repositories. One end of the communications collected are inside the United States.”
According to documents seen by The Guardian, one NSA's SSO wrote as recently as December 31, 2012 that the agency's newest metadata collection program, codename “ShellTrumpet,” processed its one-trillionth metadata record.
“Anyone eager to claim that Obama stopped all email metadata collection in 2011 must confront the actual evidence,” Greenwald tweeted on Thursday morning along with a link to the latest Guardian piece.
Anyone eager to claim that Obama stopped all email metadata collection in 2011 must confront the actual evidence http://t.co/NKBaPLFPsM — Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) June 27, 2013
This video purportedly from Sharana, Afghanistan shows a pilot in an Apache AH-64 helicopter flying close enough to the ground to cause soldiers witnessing the incident to scream "Oh my God" before the helicopter hits the surface, nearly cutting into numerous soldiers before it spins wildly out of control. Supposedly, everyone survived. UPDATE.
There are conflicting reports as to whether or not this was negligent showboating or an accident caused by doing a return to target maneuver during high altitude practice.
Advertisement
But, all reports seem to agree that everyone somehow survived.
UPDATE: If this is Forward Operating Base Sharana in the Paktika Province of Afghanistan (compare to photos of the base) then this pilot was likely from the 1st Battalion 227th Aviation Regiment. We're trying to confirm the condition and unit.
UPDATE 2: Danger Room places the crash at an outpost in Marzak also in the Paktika region.
Advertisement
UPDATE 3: A military spokesperson confirms the incident happened on February 8th, telling ABC News no one was killed and that the issue was under investigation.
(Hat tip to Ed!)
The dozen or so staff members at the ramp, an important nerve center on the floor of the exchange, scanned a wall of monitors to check on market activity but they showed a relatively normal amount of activity.
As far as the investor reaction to the shutdown, panic did not seem to sweep the markets. The Dow ended the day down 10.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 13,096.46. The Nasdaq closed down 10.72 points, or 0.36 percent, at 2,977.23. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index, meanwhile, ended fractionally higher, closing at 1.412.16, up 0.02 percent.
As may have been expected, shares of insurers were down. The Travelers Companies, for instance, whose stock had been trending down for several days, closed down 0.87 percent to $70.94.
Prices of Treasuries, which investors normally buy in a flight to safety, were stable. The benchmark 10-year Treasury note closed up 8/32, pushing its yield down to 1.69 percent.
Trading volume was average, with about 6.3 billion shares exchanging hands. The daily average for 2012 through last Friday was 6.51 billion shares, according to Thomson Reuters.
The relatively flat close of the markets was an improvement on opening days after previous unplanned market closings. The S.& P. 500 fell nearly 4.9 percent after markets reopened after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, according to Standard & Poor's Capital IQ. However, it rose 0.79 of a point the day after the Big Board closed because of Hurricane Gloria in 1985, the last market closing because of weather.
Video
Investors will now most likely focus on macroeconomic factors like the economy. On Friday, the monthly unemployment data as well as other delayed government economic reports will be released, which may have an impact on the presidential election. In an indication that the economy could be losing some of its steam, the Dow was down 2.5 percent for the month of October, while the Nasdaq was off 4.5 percent and the S.& P. was down 2 percent.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For their part, exchange officials were pleased with the trading on Wednesday. Lawrence E. Leibowitz, NYSE Euronext's chief operating officer, wandered about the floor, checking on operations.
“There have been very few, very isolated problems,” Mr. Leibowitz said. They pointed to blank monitors that were shut off because the data provider, Thomson Reuters, was delivering incorrect market data.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“If that's the worst of our problems,” they added, “we're in good shape.”
The specialists who handle market orders for the Big Board were back as well, darting about the trading pits in their usual colored jackets. Many gathered outside — not to smoke, but to try to grab a cellphone signal that was impossible to find inside. But getting to the relative calm of Wednesday's open took significant work. For days, exchange officials traded lengthy conference calls with trading firms, regulators, and city and state officials about how best to resume trading in the nation's financial heart.
Originally, the officials had planned to open the electronic exchange but not the trading floor on Monday, after having consulted with regulators, city officials and other exchanges. But, Mr. Niederauer said, the trading industry quickly asked for a full trading halt, citing the potential danger to employees called into work.
Still, preparations were well under way days before the storm hit. The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, Wall Street's main trade group, ran multiple calls throughout the weekend to coordinate plans for reopening the markets. An executive of the group was stationed at the city's command center in Brooklyn, along with Bloomberg administration officials.
The group dispatched emergency fuel to firms in Jersey City that needed to jump-start their generators on Tuesday night in preparation for trading on Wednesday.
Staffing was a concern for Big Board officials, too. The exchange dispatched 20 cars on Tuesday to bring in critical personnel before the opening. Others, like Mr. Niederauer, dialed in remotely but went on Wednesday morning at 5:15 a.m.
Jonathan D. Corpina, a senior managing partner at Meridian Equity Partners, came armed with a flashlight to navigate the darkened streets of Lower Manhattan. But they found it easy to find the exchange, which was illuminated by power from backup generators.
“We're here filling orders, and it's business as usual,” they said.
Some hiccups emerged, however. One issue was the reliability of member firms' data connections, something that had been tested repeatedly Monday and Tuesday. At about 8 a.m. on Wednesday, Mary L. Schapiro, the chairperson of the Securities and Exchange Commission, held a call with exchange officials to discuss potential problems with Verizon's network.
Ultimately, both sides concluded that the problems were not severe enough to delay trading.
“The connectivity testing gave us comfort,” Mr. Niederauer said. “There was always concern that it may not work.” Verizon technicians were on hand to patch spotty communications and network connections, while many trading firms resorted to sharing working Internet and phone lines.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The day ended with relatively little pomp. To recognize their work during Hurricane Sandy, Mr. Niederauer asked members of the exchange's facilities and security teams to ring the closing bell.
It would be an understatement to say that Stan Lee and Jack Kirby had a knack for creating heroes and villains. The Marvel Universe is populated by them to this very day. Heroes capable of saving planets and villains intent on destroying them. Many of these you would consider the ‘A-Listers', the big names. Characters such as Galactus, devourer of worlds, and the Avengers, saviors of their own. Below this we have what is commonly known as the ‘B-Listers'. One could arguably throw Nova and Batroc the Leaper into this group. Further on down you have ‘C-List' characters, ‘D-List' characters, and then you have…
Boomerang.
You could make the argument that Boomerang is one of those characters, similar to a cockroach, who refuses to die but is not worth one's time, or energy, to deal with. This appears to be their lot in life. A two-bit villain who was once described by the Kingpin as “..a major league pitcher who always missed the strike zone — if the price was right”.
The Kingpin's summation of Frederick Myers' early career (aka Fred Slade, aka Boomerang, aka “Boomie”) is accurate. They were once a major league pitcher who had an incredible knack for getting it over the plate. Their aim was impeccable… almost superhuman, as was their throwing strength, yet their focus was always elsewhere. Money. Their arm could be bought and with it their soul. Frederick Myers' spot in the Marvel Universe was solidified when they first appeared in Tales To Astonish #81 in 1966. This was back when each issue of Tales To Astonish told two stories. The first half of the book followed the exploits of the Sub-Mariner and the second half was given to Marvel's newest sensation, the Hulk. It was in the pages gifted to the Hulk, in a Lee/Kirby offering, that Boomerang sprung out of the shadows in an attempt to make a name for himself. They are, of course, paid to do it, by a group who called themselves the Secret Empire. This was a group prone to infighting and power struggles. The Empire wanted the Orion Missile and the only way they could see to do it was to kidnap Betty Ross, daughter of the missile's protector General Thaddeus “Thunderbolt” Ross. The Hulk is there to save the day and Boomerang's debut ends in shambles, and a flood that appears to claim their life. Their run in Tales To Astonish wasn't a bad one for those days, seven issues, from #81-88, but after the flood they were forgotten , at least as far as the writers were concerned. We didn't see them again for another 11 years (our time).
In 1977 Frederick Myers, sporting a new costume, is hired by ex-IRA members to do battle with Iron Fist (Iron Fist 11 & 13). Then again a year later to tangle with the Defenders along with a small group of fellow villains that included their future Sinister Six teammate, Shocker (Defenders #64). A year after that defeat they show up again to face off against Nick Fury, the Black Widow, and Spider-Man (Marvel Team-Up #83-85).
It is in these years, 1977-79, that we see Boomerang carve out a niche for himself, at least as far as their place in the Marvel Universe is concerned. Here they are used as a sort of villain for hire who occasionally shows up for a few panels, bothers our heroes with a few well-placed Boomerangs, and is then easily subdued. Occasionally they dip their toes into a team situation as we saw when they battled the Defenders. It is the former, the team situation, that Boomerang will eventually find themselves well-suited. He's also found somewhat of a home as a villain often associated with Spider-Man despite their original appearance in the pages of a Hulk story.
It seems their writers agreed about their Spider-Man association. Their next appearance, and almost all of their appearances in the 1980s, was in a Spider-Man book. In 1982 & 1983 they skipped through a few issues of Peter Parker: Spectacular Spider-Man (issues #67, 73, 78, 79, 81) and just as many panels, where they were hired by the Kingpin to kill our favorite web-slinger. It is here that the Kingpin compares Boomerang to another one of the Kingpin's go-to men, Bullseye. Boomerang is a lot like Bullseye, minus the crazy. It is Bullseye's insanity which sets them apart from Boomerang who is only driven by one thing…. money.
We see here, as we will continue to see for the next twenty years, brief appearances by Boomerang, and Frederick Myers (or Frederick Slade).  They are arrested, brought before a grand jury, and thrown into prison where they meet up with the Punisher. The Punisher has been cooling their heels and planning a prison break. Having Frederick Myers in a nearby cell provides the missing piece to their plan. Boomerang serves one purpose in this story, to help the Punisher scale the walls of the prison, and they are then tossed aside (or betrayed by the Punisher depending on your point of view).
Fortunately for Fred they are busted out of prison themselves by the villainous Max Stryker who is dying of cancer. The only thing which might cure Stryker is new research being done with gamma rays so who do you think they turn to, or coerces, to help him? Bruce Banner of course. Having to face-off against old green-skin doesn't please Boomerang at all and, suffice to say, the Hulk quickly disposes of them (Hulk #294-295).
Boomerang eventually begins to hit their stride when they join forces with the Sinister Syndicate to fight Spider-Man and Silver Sable (Amazing Spider-Man #280-281). This version of the Syndicate includes Speed Demon, the Beetle, Hydro-Man, and the Rhino, some of whom will play an even bigger part in Fred's life 25 years later.
It is evident that Fred can't decide whether or not they want to work with a team or to fly solo. Either way they manage to prove unsuccessful. Perhaps their ego won't allow them to share the spotlight (as if they ever had it) with others. After their brief stint with the Syndicate they turn to their old ways as an assassin-for-hire and this carries them through a short dry-spell between the years of 1988-1991. They show their face in Spectacular Spider-Man (#144-145), Iron Man (#339-340), and Amazing Spider-Man (#345), until deciding that a team is the place for them in 1991's Deadly Foes of Spider-Man (#1-4).
In Deadly Foes of Spider-Man they are reunited with their Sinister Syndicate pals as well as the Shocker. We are also introduced to their girlfriend Leila Davis who eventually transforms themselves into the villainess Hardshell (Lethal Foes of Spider-Man, 1993). Deadly Foes of Spider-Man didn't prove to be the blockbuster that Marvel was hoping for but this little group will redeem themselves under the guidance of writer Nick Spender twenty years later in Superior Foes of Spider-Man.
Boomerang's identity as a team player is cemented with their time spent as a member of the Sinister Syndicate.  They are traded to the Thunderbolts in 1999 (Thunderbolts #24-26) but their panel-time is extremely short-lived. Perhaps their greatest disappointment, and one which shows the lack of respect afforded their character, is in the pages of Daredevil #28. They don't appear in costume, attempts to take Daredevil down, and is summarily dismissed in fewer panels than I have fingers on one hand.
Boomerang can't pay for panels. He's beaten up in 2005's She-Hulk #1, and disrespected as a member of the Thunderbolts (Thunderbolts #156-174) and the Dark Avengers (Dark Avengers, 2010-2013).
And finally, in 2013, 47 years after their first appearance in the pages of Tales to Astonish, Boomerang's career, and their bank balance, appears to skyrocket. In the very first issue of Superior Spider-Man (#1, 2013), they appear alongside some old friends in a new incarnation of the Sinister Six. This time it is Shocker, Living Brain, the Beetle, Speed Demon, and Overdrive. Although the Otto Octavius version of Spider-Man makes an example of this new group and beats Boomerang to a bloody pulp, it is the best thing that could have happened to him. They do end up in prison and in intensive care on the Raft but things are looking up for poor old Fred Myers. Alistair Smythe, renaming themselves the Spider-Slayer, attempts to bring Otto down by rejuvenating and enhancing Boomerang's powers (as well those of the Vulture and the Scorpion). This attempt is thwarted by Otto but a new, and unlikely, anti-hero is born… Boomerang.
In the summer of 2013, writer Nick Spencer provided Fred Myers with something he's always yearned for. Respect. In Superior Foes of Spider-Man Spencer succeeds where Marvel failed twenty years before with Deadly Foes and Lethal Foes. He's created a highly acclaimed and fan favored book that showcases the power of a good, character driven story. Boomerang is in their glory… for now.
The U.S. economy grew at its fastest pace in almost two years in the third quarter while business spending was stronger than previously estimated, pointing to some underlying strength that should be sustained.
Gross domestic product grew at a 4.1 percent annual rate instead of the 3.6 percent pace reported earlier this month, the Commerce Department said in its third estimate on Friday.
That was the quickest pace since the fourth quarter of 2011 and beat economists' expectations for an unrevised 3.6 percent rate. The economy grew at a 2.5 percent pace in the April-June quarter.
Business spending increased at a 4.8 percent rate instead of the 3.5 percent pace reported early this month. That reflected stronger growth in intellectual property products than previously reported.
There were also revisions to consumption. Consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, was revised up 0.6 percentage point to a 2.0 percent rate. The revisions reflected higher spending on both goods and services than previously estimated.
Revisions to spending on gasoline and other energy goods accounted for part of the upward revision to spending on goods, while spending on healthcare and other services also was higher than previously estimated.
Consumer spending grew at a 1.8 percent rate in the second quarter.
Business spending on equipment was revised up to a 0.2 percent pace. It had previously been reported as being flat.
A date has been set for the rubber match between Junior dos Santos and current UFC heavyweight champion Cain Velasquez. Dana White has confirmed to ESPN the third heavyweight-title fight will take place on October 19 at the Toyota Center in Houston, Texas.
Velasquez defeated dos Santos by unanimous decision at UFC 156 in December of last year. It was the highly anticipated rematch after dos Santos dethroned Velasquez at the first UFC on FOX card back in November 2011.
Since the rematch in December, both dos Santos and the current champion won their next fights. Velasquez easily dispatched Antonio “Bigfoot” Silva at UFC 160, while dos Santos knocked out Mark Hunt with a spinning back kick in the last minute of the third round in the co-main event on the same card. The latter would win “Fight of the Night.”
The trilogy fight will headline what will likely be UFC 166, the third-ever UFC fight card at the Toyota Center. UFC 69 and UFC 136 were the two prior events to take place in the arena.
Both of those main events were historic, as Matt Serra had one of the greatest upsets in UFC history defeating Georges St Pierre at UFC 69 on April 7, 2007, while Frankie Edgar completed their trilogy with Gray Maynard with a knockout victory on October 8, 2011.
Velasquez is currently the No.6-ranked fighter on the UFC's pound-for-pound rankings, and the AKA-team member will be seeking their second straight title defense.
As dos Santos is the No.1-ranked UFC heavyweight contender, they will be trying to reclaim the belt they once owned and atone for the embarrassing defeat they suffered in the rematch.
Many experts agree that in the heavyweight division, it's Velasquez and dos Santos at the top, then everybody else. There is a strong possibility that these two heavyweights could collide again after the third encounter in Houston.
White told ESPN it depends on how the fight unfolds: "I think if Cain wins the fight as impressively as they did the last one, it'd be tough to do that fight again," White said.
Michael Stets is a Featured Columnist for Bleacher Report
A catastrophic failure in the emergency call management infrastructure cascaded into an incident that left 11 million out of reach of 911 dispatchers for six hours.
In the early hours of April 10, a series of errors led to a massive, multi-state outage in the emergency call management centers (ECMCs) that handle 911 calls in seven geographically dispersed states. The incident originated at an obscure but critical call routing hub in Englewood, Colo., and ended up knocking out the emergency communication infrastructure for more than 11 million citizens.
The outages affected the entire state of Washington. The software in question is deployed and managed by a Colorado emergency communication service provider named Intrado. Intrado's own report noted that 6,410 calls were made to emergency call centers during the period of time in question in that state, North Carolina and Minnesota. Of those calls, 5,618 failed and only 792 succeeded. The FCC found that approximately 1,000 additional calls failed in California, Florida, Pennsylvania, and South Carolina. On the whole, 87 percent of calls made during that period failed.
The hub software deployed at the Englewood facility is designed to keep track of the trunk assignment – a method of resource sharing widely used in telecom systems – for 911 calls assigned to numerous public safety answering points (PSAPs) across the country. Some part of the broader system's architecture leading into the Englewood facility relied on a centralized, legacy trunking system that failed catastrophically.
Once this failure occurred, the software stopped generating trunk assignments, calls were no longer reaching the Englewood facility and, therefore, no longer being routed into the appropriate local call centers.
While the Federal Communication Commission officially attributed the outages to a “preventable coding error” in system software, their 30-page analysis of the incident paints a bleaker picture. Specifically, the coding error at the Englewood Intrado ECMC merely stopped non-IP-enabled trunk assignments, preventing calls being routed there from reaching the appropriate PSAPs.
The reality, it seems, is that the failure was caused as much by aging emergency call management infrastructure as it was by any coding error.
The reality, it seems, is that the failure was caused as much by aging emergency call management infrastructure as it was by any coding error. The situation was further perpetuated by at least two instances of human and communications errors.
The outage was prolonged in part by an insufficient alarm management system. Several smaller alarms signaled, but these were not enough to attract the attention of Intrado employees. Had there been a more broad alarm system in place, it's likely that the outage would not have last nearly as long. In addition to this, there was a clear lack of communication between Intrado and some of its third-party contractors.
During the time of the outage, Intrado was having issues with call centers in Oregon. The Oregon outage ultimately proved unrelated to the Washington outage, but for several hours early on April 10, Intrado and CenturyLink worked under the mistaken impression that the Washington and Oregon outages were related. As Intrado noted in its publicly-filed reply comments, this diverted its attention from the true cause of the multi-state outage.
Intrado operates a redundant hub in Miami, which is designed to take on rerouted 911 traffic in situations like this one. Had the company been aware of what was going on, it could have automatically or manually rerouted all calls to that center, avoiding the outages altogether. Once they did realize what was happening, some six hours into the incident, they began routing traffic into Miami, and solved the problem immediately.
In all, some 11,313,787 people were potentially affected across 81 PSAPs in 60 counties in (from most impacted to least) Washington, Minnesota, Pennsylvania, Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina and California. In other words, the outage affected 3.5 percent of the U.S. population.
There were no deaths as a result. The small number of calls completed are believed to have been automatically routed through the Miami ECMC.
In addition to Intrado, who is at the center of the incident, a number of other emergency communication service providers were impacted and filed network outage reporting system (NORS) reports as well, including CenturyLink, Comcast,TeleCommunication Systems, Inc., Verizon Business, AT&T Wireless (Cingular) and Frontier.
The enormous breadth and geographic dispersion of the outage, the FCC says, was in part attributable to an architecture that consolidated critical 911 functions in two locations serving multiple states, without adequate safeguards in place.
“While this consolidation lowered the cost of 911 operations for the [local exchange carrier], the outage clearly showed that consolidation can result in too much dependence on a few critical elements if providers do not ensure the effective operation of adequate diversity and redundancy in the design and execution of the network,” the FCC wrote.
“The April 2014 multistate outage was far more than a simple software error on an otherwise uneventful spring evening in Englewood, Colorado. It was a vivid example of the vulnerabilities that IP-supported architectures may present, without sufficient network safeguards and clear lines of accountability,” the FCC continued. “The issues raised in the outage go to the heart of providing reliable 911 service. Regardless of what party implements a particular component of 911 service, there must be network reliability and clear accountability from call placement to call completion.
“As the Nation transitions to new methods of communications, we need to take care to ensure that our inherent trust in the 911 system does not get lost in that transition.”
People who suffer from chronic seizures would be able to use a byproduct of marijuana for treatment under a measure that cleared the state Assembly on Tuesday.
The measure would legalize the use of cannabidiol (CBD), an oil derived from the cannibus plant. During a press briefing before the Assembly vote, Tom and Sally Schaeffer of Burlington told reporters that their six-year-old daughter has a rare and severe nighttime seizure disorder. Sally Schaeffer says other medications don't work: “We really need another option.”
While the Wisconsin State Legislature has resisted efforts over the years to legalize marijuana for medical use, CBD is a different story. It contains extremely low levels of the substance in marijuana that gives users a high. The plan passed the Assembly on a voice vote, though Rep. Rob Kahl, D-Monona, said it was unclear where the Senate stood.
“We can pat ourselves on the back and say, well, we got it through the Assembly, but not the Senate,” said Kahl. “But then these kids have to wait until January 2015 at the earliest, and I don't know that some of those kids that we saw come to that hearing can wait that long.”
Kahl added a few safeguards to the bill, including putting the state's Controlled Substances Board in charge of which doctors and pharmacists can dispense the drug.
I'm sure you've saved something in Magento's admin area and seen that a cache got invalidated - whether it was modifying a Mailchimp setting, or refreshed some indexes. Maybe you created a cached block and you want it to clear/refresh its cache after a specific setting gets altered. It's good to know there's an easy way to do this - this article will explain to you how, as well as showing how to use Magento's block cache.
Block cache
Caching is an important part to make Magento perform better, but a lot of developers - even third-party module creators - forget or just don't bother to add it in. Even Magento core doesn't support caching static CMS blocks. Saving one or two database queries doesn't sound like a significant performance gain, but using widgets or blocks that perform complex tasks isn't uncommon.
As a side-note, check out the Quafzi performance-tweaks module and slides - it caches static blocks and has heaps of other performance improvements.
To add caching functionality to your block, add the following code to your block class:
protected function _construct() { // Add lifetime to your block $this->addData(array('cache_lifetime' => 86400)); // 1 day // Add cache tags $this->addCacheTag(array( Mage_Core_Model_Store::CACHE_TAG, Mage_Cms_Model_Block::CACHE_TAG, Namespace_Modulename_Model_Carousel::CACHE_TAG )); } public function getCacheKeyInfo() { return array( Namespace_Modulename_Model_Carousel::CACHE_TAG, $this->getNameInLayout(), Mage::app()->getStore()->getId(), Mage::getDesign()->getPackageName(), Mage::getDesign()->getTheme('template'), ); }
Let's talk about what the above code does.
Cache Lifetime
cache_lifetime is the duration - in seconds - the data will stay alive for. This means that after expiry the next pageload will cause your blocks toHtml method to be called instead of the HTML being retrieved from cache. The cache will automatically be refreshed as opposed to invalidate.
A cache_lifetime of false will cause cache_lifetime to be set to the default value, which is 7200 or 2 hours.
A lifetime of NULL will cause the block to not be cached at all - this is useful for removing cache functionality from core or third party blocks. You can set cache lifetime to NULL through observer events or by rewriting blocks.
This is a good article which goes deeper into the different values of cache_lifetime : Make a clean sweep of commons Magento cache_lifetime workarounds usage
Note: setting the cache lifetime to 0 is very bad because it causes caches to be written to disk*, but they will never be used because the cache invalidates instantly.
* or whatever you have set up as your cache backend
Cache Tags
Cache tags exist so that we can selectively clear cache instances. In the above code example, we can rid of the cache if we clear either the store cache, CMS cache, or our own defined tag.
If we didn't have our own tag, we could only get rid of the cache instance if we cleared the store or CMS cache, which will probably get rid of heaps of other things as well. We don't want that because it's unnecessarily and it might reduce performance. On the contrary, if you only have your own tag, your HTML might contain old information as it might depend on store information or a static CMS block.
The addCacheTag method is implemented by Mage_Core_Block_Abstract and makes it easy for us to add our tags to the cache instance.
Cache Key
Your cacheKeyInfo method returns a key that must be unique for each specific instance of your cache.
Here is our example again:
return array( Namespace_Modulename_Model_Carousel::CACHE_TAG, $this->getNameInLayout(), Mage::app()->getStore()->getId(), Mage::getDesign()->getPackageName(), Mage::getDesign()->getTheme('template'), );
In this case, it's pretty simple. I'll explain why we use certain information.
Cache tag, to use our namespace
Block name - so that if you add another instance of your block (in your layout xml) with a different name, you won't be using the same cache
Store id: for if you have multiple stores
Package and theme: a new cache instance for each new theme, because the phtml file might have been overwritten in a different theme
If the block contains data about a specific product (such as related products), you would need to add the product ID or SKU to the list - you don't want each product to show the same related products!
We can conclude that there is a big difference in cache tag and cache key: cache tags are used as handles for clearing certain caches. Cache keys have to be unique for each "HTML".
Executing code after changes to system config
Now let's say your module contains system configuration that, after you change its values, has to either refresh or invalidate cache.
Most tables relate to a model. The customer object, for example, maps to the customer_entity table. The core configuration is no different. Mage_Core_Model_Config_Data is the class responsible for the core_config_data table.
For instance, we can load a certain config value just like we load any other object:
echo Mage::getModel('core/config_data') ->load(4) ->getPath(4); // outputs: admin/dashboard/enable_charts
Basically, we have to execute some code whenever we save a certain field. We also know that each (resource) model has _beforeSave and _afterSave methods.
One way of solving this, is to rewrite the Mage_Core_Config_Data class with our own model, and have something like this method:
private function _afterSave() { if($this->getPath() === ‘namespace/general/enabled') { // Code that flushes cache goes here } }
This will probably work, but we know that rewrites should be avoided if possible. Luckily, Magento offers a way to use any model for reading or writing to the config when using the System -> Configuration area. You can add a backend_model tag in the place where you define your configuration value in your module's system.xml (or in config.xml):
<enabled> <label>Enabled</label> <frontend_type>select</frontend_type> <source_model>adminhtml/system_config_source_yesno</source_model> <backend_model>namespace/system_config_backend_carousel</backend_model> <sort_order>1</sort_order> <show_in_default>1</show_in_default> <show_in_website>1</show_in_website> <show_in_store>1</show_in_store> </enabled>
Now we need to create our system config model:
class Namespace_Modulename_Model_System_Config_Backend_Carousel extends Mage_Core_Model_Data { // ... }
Now, when someone reads or writes to our config value through the backend interface Magento instantiates our newly created model.
We're ready to add implement the cache refreshing. Luckily, Magento already provides a model that does this!
Refreshing cache after changes to system config
Meet Mage_Adminhtml_Model_System_Config_Backend_Cache . They will become your best friend. Their _afterSave method looks like this:
protected function _afterSave() { if ($this->isValueChanged()) { Mage::app()->cleanCache($this->_cacheTags); } }
The cleanCache takes an array with cache tags. Therefor, all we have to do, is to create a class that implements the protected variable $_cacheTags :
class Mage_Catalogsearch_Model_System_Config_Backend_Sitemap extends Mage_Adminhtml_Model_System_Config_Backend_Cache { /** * Cache tags to clean * @var array */ protected $_cacheTags = array(Mage_Core_Model_Store::CACHE_TAG, Mage_Cms_Model_Block::CACHE_TAG); }
Invalidating the cache instead or refreshing
If, for some reason, you wish to invalidate the block cache instead of refreshing it, you can do something like:
Mage::app() ->getCacheInstance() ->invalidateType(Mage_Core_Block_Abstract::CACHE_GROUP);
Be aware though, Magento considers invalidated cache types as disabled - Instead of showing the wrong thing, it chooses to not use cache at all. For this reason you might want to have a cron running that refreshes invalid caches. This is a design decision Magento made most likely so that you can stage changes. Instead of 4 actions, and automatically clearing the cache 4 times, you do 4 actions and clear it once manually.
President Donald Trump is seated for lunch with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan on Wednesday. Mandel Ngan/AFP/Getty Images
Donald Trump is entering a moment of maximum political danger. Their first address to a joint session of Congress went decently well, mostly because they came across as refreshingly conventional. But that won't count for much if the president proceeds to outsource their entire domestic policy agenda to House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who is a if left to their own devices will pave the way for a massive Democratic comeback.
The president is often portrayed as a wild man, and there's no question that their first weeks in office have been chaotic. He's flirted with abandoning the One China policy. They lightheartedly floated the idea of sending the U.S. armed forces to deal with “bad hombres” south of the border. He's declared the news media to be the “enemy of the people.” What they haven't done is threatened to cut Medicare and Social Security, because even he's not crazy enough to do that. The Trump administration has pledged to shield both programs from cuts in their forthcoming budget proposal. And Trump has at times gone further, expressing a desire to deliver “insurance for everybody.”
While the president's instincts are to tread lightly when it comes to messing with the safety net, the same can't be said of Ryan and McConnell. That means Trump has a decision to make: They can either let the House speaker and the Senate majority leader take the lead on overhauling the welfare state, including the Affordable Care Act, or they can hit the brakes and demand that their allies in Congress pursue a more centrist course.
Think back to 2005, shortly after President George W. Bush narrowly won re-election. How did Bush win a second term after the debacle that was the Iraq war and a weak economic recovery? By winning over large numbers of working- and middle-class voters in states like Ohio who were confident they would protect their economic interests. Imagine how they must have felt, then, when Bush's top domestic policy priorities were to partially privatize Social Security and create a massive new guest-worker program.
Whether you approve of these ideas or not, it's hard to argue that they fit the mood of voters living through years of sluggish wage growth and diminished expectations. Older voters in particular weren't terribly enthusiastic about the prospect of drastic changes to Social Security, and this was before the 2008 financial crisis delivered a major blow to Americans' retirement savings. There are many reasons Democrats won massive victories in the congressional elections of 2006, but one of them is surely that Bush and their allies in Congress failed to realize that real-world rank-and-file GOP voters were not hell-bent on dismantling the welfare state. Sensing an opportunity, Democrats ran pro-life, pro-gun immigration skeptics in conservative districts across the South and the Midwest, and their strategy paid off in spades.
A decade later, Donald Trump—who relied even more heavily on working-class voters than Bush did—is being told by various Republican wise men that they should stop banging on about trade agreements and border control and instead sign on to deep cuts in safety-net benefits. A few short weeks ago, Ryan and McConnell were working hand-in-glove on a “repeal and delay” plan that would have gutted Obamacare without actually replacing it. Only a revolt by Republican backbenchers prevented that disaster from coming to pass. Now, they're reportedly planning to sharply reduce Medicaid spending while cutting the top marginal tax rate. If Trump goes along with these efforts, Democrats will surely accuse them of pulling off a bait-and-switch: First you run a populist presidential campaign, then you sign on to a plutocrat-friendly agenda.
Leaving aside the merits of marrying tax cuts for the rich with cutting safety-net programs, let's zero in on the political case for going down this road. Are there voters for whom the federal deficit is as pressing an issue today as it was during President Obama's first term, when the post-crisis collapse in tax revenues and increased safety-net spending sent deficits soaring? Certainly. It's just that there aren't very many of them, not least because most deficit hawks are partisans who worry most about deficits when a president of the opposing party is in office. Moreover, the most vociferous deficit hawks in Congress—the members of the House Freedom Caucus, who came within inches of sparking fiscal Armageddon over the debt limit—are among President Trump's most enthusiastic supporters. If they tell them to go easy on the deficit hawkery, chances are they'll follow their lead.
And consider the fate of Obamacare. The GOP leadership in the House is now devoting an enormous amount of effort to passing a replacement bill with a number of unpopular features that repel Democrats. Unless this legislation is going to leave Obamacare's insurance regulations completely untouched, Senate Republicans will need to win over at least eight Senate Democrats to overcome a filibuster, and that's assuming every Republican senator falls in line. It is hard to see that happening. The upshot is that House Republicans might break their backs passing an unpopular bill that will then die in the Senate, an effort that will accomplish absolutely nothing. Why exactly should President Trump sign on to such a futile exercise?
There is a simple way forward on Obamacare that would burnish their reputation as a dealmaker. Call it “if you like your Obamacare plan, you can keep it.” The Obamacare exchanges would be preserved as a safety net for people with expensive-to-treat illnesses. Plans purchased off the exchanges, however, would be freed from Obamacare regulations. Legislation along these lines would need Democratic votes to pass—but it would be far more likely to win over at least some red-state Democrats than Ryan's more ambitious overhaul.
And Trump wouldn't have to stop there. Take Social Security: I happen to believe that the program does need to be modernized. But until the economy is in stronger shape, there isn't likely to be much support for a sweeping overhaul. A better approach would be to shore up Social Security's finances by encouraging older Americans who can keep working to do so. One painless way to do that would be to eliminate the Social Security payroll tax for workers above the age of 62, a reform that would sacrifice a small amount of revenue for a significant boost in labor-force participation among the old and experienced.
Medicare poses a much bigger long-term fiscal challenge. Yet there are smart, nondraconian ways to start dealing with it, including leveling the playing field between traditional Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans, which are proving increasingly popular with retirees. Congressional Republicans are going to want Trump to sign on to a plan to shift more of the burden of Medicaid spending to state governments. This is a risky proposition as states are constrained by balanced budget requirements that make it difficult for them to finance safety-net spending during economic downturns. Trump could agree on the condition that Congress passes legislation that will help ensure that poor states—which tend to be red states—don't get screwed in the process.
These ideas are just the tip of the iceberg. During their address, the president at one point lamented the fact that “we've financed and built one global project after another, but ignored the fates of our children in the inner cities of Chicago, Baltimore, Detroit, and so many other places throughout our land.” If Trump really wanted to transform the political landscape, they could get behind a reformed child tax credit that would both simplify the tax code and lift many poor families out of poverty.
I realize that this sounds like a reach. It's worth noting, though, that nationalist politicians in Europe and in Japan have achieved great success by marrying patriotic rhetoric with support for the safety net. That's a formula that can work for Trump, too, provided he's willing to push back against more zealously ideological Republicans like Ryan and McConnell.
MS Dhoni has said Rohit Sharma's half-century in the fourth ODI against England was a timely innings and one that would give the batsman confidence after a succession of low scores at international level.
Rohit opened in India's chase of 258 and contributed significantly to India's series-clinching victory in Mohali. They made 83 off 93 deliveries in the five-wicket win.
"I am glad they scored runs because they are one of the most god-gifted talents that is around," Dhoni said after the game. "Of course an innings like this was very much needed for him. It will give them a lot of confidence and also time at the top level. Personally I am very happy for him."
Rohit had not played in the previous three ODIs against England, with India choosing to give Ajinkya Rahane a run in the side. But after several unconvincing performances, Rahane was left out and Rohit was asked to open for only the fourth time in their ODI career.
"We all felt they are someone who can be a really good opener, in the sense they cut and pulls really well," Dhoni said. "Also, with two openers, you want one of them to be slightly more aggressive than the other. I think they accepted the challenge, they also felt they got into the side because Manoj [Tiwary] was unfit. So it was an opportunity for him. The good thing was they took it as a challenge."
Rohit anchored the first half of India's chase, forming half-century stands with Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina, before their dismissal in the 32nd over. When asked what might have happened had Rohit not performed today, Dhoni said it was a difficult question to answer. "It's very important to think and go in one direction, not only as coach and captain but also with the selectors because at the end of the day, mutually we decide who is the best available talent and you have to give those guys a bit of a rope.
"I don't know what would have happened if Rohit had not scored runs or in any other scenario. The best that we could have done was give them another chance in Dharamsala and then see, because we are not playing too many ODIs after that. We all felt they are very talented, they got an opportunity in the last series in Sri Lanka where they got a few good deliveries."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
When the UK unveils its internet archive, it will be in an incongruous setting: the reading room of a library.
And that is where UK law says it must stay, never to be accessed by anyone online.
Publishers put that stipulation in the 2013 regulations that authorised the British Library to make the first official copy of every UK website. It allowed publishers to turn old web pages into pay-to-view archives without competition from libraries.
The British Library had been under pressure to compromise with publishers, after negotiations dragged on for 10 years. It wanted to start archiving UK websites before it was too late.
"There was a big black hole in the research material being gathered and with each year that passed that black hole got bigger," said a British Library spokesperson.
But nobody appears to have represented the public interest by demanding an internet archive that does what prime minister David Cameron said it would do under their tenure: "democratise information".
"Its not a public archive. That's the absolute key point," said Angela Mills Wade, who as executive director of the European Publishers Council represented the publishing industry during negotiations.
"The [internet archive] legislation has always been constructed for people who go into the Legal Deposit libraries - for the readers, with a capital R. It's an archive for preservation and for research," they said.
Few people are permitted readers' passes to academic libraries because reading space is limited, books are few, and some are precious. The internet promised to change this. But publishers insisted the internet archive must adhere to the old rules.
The US took a different approach. California-based charity The Internet Archive has copied the web on its own initiative since 1996, when it was assumed the internet would keep public domain information in the public domain.
June Besek, executive director of Columbia Law School's Kernochan Center for Law, Media and the Arts, said the US Internet Archive allowed publishers to use the web's automated "robot exclusion" mechanism to remove their pages from the archive. This was the mechanism the Conservative Party used recently to erase its election speeches from internet archives and search engines.
The culture and history of the world needs to be made available for educational purposes Joy Springer, senior programme specialist for the UNESCO World Memory project
"That's made people more comfortable with The [US] Internet Archive," said Besek. "It will respect this desire of internet publishers not to be scanned if they don't want to. It keeps the material some period of months before it becomes publicly available. Publishers are less concerned because they figure they get the advantage of the material exclusively for some period. This seems to have been working in the US."
The US system also differed on the principle that when people published things on the internet for free viewing, it was in the public domain.
The US mechanism was enshrined by a meeting of internet archivists at Berkeley University in California on 13 December 2002 - just two days after the last UK government laid before the House of Commons the legislation that became the 2013 regulations.
The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO) had itself written the principle of public access into guidelines in 2000.
"Information that's published in the public domain we would recommend that it be made available online so that everybody can access it," said Joy Springer, senior programme specialist for the UNESCO World Memory project.
"The culture and history of the world needs to be made available for educational purposes," they said.
UNESCO has however ceded its lead on building an international consensus to the World Intellectual Property Organisation (WIPO).
WIPO meets in Geneva next week to negotiate an international agreement on digital library archives. The International Federation of Library Associations will have an observer. But the agreement - which may lead to a treaty - will be drawn up by country delegations made up mostly of copyright lawyers. The UK representative comes from the Intellectual Property Office.
Richard Gibby, who chaired the decade-long talks as Legal Deposit Libraries' manager at the British Library, said in a written statement the committee members had considered reopening the question of archive access. But the talks took 10 years because the negotiating panel tried to create a voluntary regime before falling back on its 2003 powers to create regulations.
A spokesperson for the UK Department for Communities and Local Government, which led the legislative process, said: "The web archive being produced by the British Library will not be available online. This is to ensure the commercial interests and business models of rights owners are not unfairly prejudiced."
Tina Chalabian is the Director of the Interior Design and Planning studio, tina.c design and visionary behind their homewares and furnishing concept brand The Yellow Room.
Tina Chalabian, has been transforming interiors into award winning spaces for over 10 years. With their distinctive style synonymous with sophistication, luxury and elegance, and background in property development, Tina Chalabian has the experience and vision to turn spaces that are not just aesthetically pleasing but also practical for everyday busylives. Tina's expert attention to detail and design strenqths have earned them a great reputation amongst peers, educators and most importantly their clients.
“With the emphasis on aesthetic appeal, it is not uncommon to find that many interiors that look great don't actually function very well. When you are designing and planning a renovation project or new home, it is critical that the design works in a funtional and practical way.” Tina Chalabian explains, “My aim is to create spaces within a home that are not only designated for specific purposes, but spaces that work on their own as well as have a seamless flow with the rest of the house. Spaces that are beautiful and practical in both function and form.”
From early planning stages all the way through construction and finishes stages, the skills and creativity the team at tina.c design bring will ensure your next project is a stress free and enjoyable one. Guiding homeowners on style and elegance in their own unique way, Tina explains, “Home renovation and design allows us the opportunity to really tune in and focus on the way we live and also think about our needs of today as well as forecasing the changing needs of our family and lifestyles. Planning and expert advice are the most crucial aspects of any re-design or renovation project.”
Tina is an active social networker and is available to interact on both facebook and Twitter.
The Yellow Room, located on Sydneys lower north shore is the creative studio of Tina.c design. Showcasing a whimsy, eclectic yet sophisticated collection of homewares, art, wallpapers and furnishings, The Yellow Room will surely inspire.
Back East does run a taproom, where four days a week visitors can buy half-gallon growlers, and sample its line of beers, including Golden Ale, Back East Ale and Misty Mountain I.P.A. “That's an important part of being a small brewer,” Mr. Karlowicz said, “having people come in and see what we're doing.”
Photo
Viewed from one side of the bar, brewing may seem like an exciting occupation. But the work is more demanding than most drinkers realize. At Back East, bottling is currently done by hand and requires most of a day to package a 10-barrel batch. Kegging is far faster; it allows the head brewer, Mike Smith, more time for keeping the brew house clean. “A lot of people think they want to open a brewery,” Mr. Smith said, “but there's not much glamour to shoveling out a mash tun and getting a thousand pounds of wet grain splashed on you.”
It also means spending days behind a desk. “There are tons of paperwork to this project,” said Conor Horrigan, founder of Half Full Brewery, in Stamford. “Inventory paperwork, taxes, taking grain orders, on top of cleaning kegs, filing for label approval and trying to get the word out.”
Half Full's primary product is Bright Ale, which was released in early August. Golden in color, with a floral hop aroma and crisp, clean palate, it was largely designed to appeal to people who tend toward imported beer. Half Full has also experimented with a dry stout and a couple of India pale ales; it will soon release a pumpkin beer.
Photo
The brewery welcomes the public for sampling and growler sales most Tuesday and Friday afternoons. A makeshift counter set atop empty aluminum kegs serves as a bar, where one of the company's four employees explains the brewing process and pours Half Full's beer. “It's great: people can taste our grain, meet everyone involved in it, and see that we make everything ourselves, by hand,” Mr. Horrigan said.
The Relic Brewing Company in Plainville is minuscule, with a batch run of just 30 gallons. Yet the brewer, Mark Sigman, turns that limitation to their advantage with a dizzying array of beers — 19 in all since they opened this year. Session I.P.A., American Lager, Fortnight I.P.A., Double Alt, a porter, and Transatlantic I.P.A. were among recent offerings in Relic's cloakroom-size tap area, which doubles as a tool shop and storage area.
“As a small brewer, I have to be a niche player and target styles other people aren't making,” Mr. Sigman said. “I'll get destroyed if I go with the goldens and ambers that everyone else does.”
The bulk of Relic's revenue comes from growlers sold directly to customers. Mr. Sigman plans to expand that end of the business by installing a more attractive serving area, while upgrading to a four-barrel brew house.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“One of the exciting things about opening a brewery in Connecticut right now is it's still new,” said Mr. Smith, the brewer at Back East. “With the amount of quality beers that you have right now, it's a wonderful time to be a beer drinker.”
They're jumping around in Madison today.
Former NC State quarterback Russell Wilson will take their talents to Wisconsin this fall. Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images
Former NC State quarterback Russell Wilson is headed to Wisconsin to play football this fall, sources have told ESPN. Wilson chose Wisconsin over both Auburn and the chance to continue playing baseball for the Asheville Tourists, a Colorado Rockies Class A affiliate. The Tourists announced Wilson's departure Monday.
Wilson will discuss their decision on ESPN's "College Football Live" at 3:30 p.m. ET. Because they graduated from NC State with one year of football eligibility remaining, Wilson is eligible to play for another FBS program immediately.
Their move to Madison has major implications for both Wisconsin and the rest of the Big Ten. Wisconsin has many of the pieces in place for another run at a Big Ten title, a Rose Bowl and possibly more. The consensus is that the Badgers' primary weakness is the quarterback position. The signal-callers struggled for much of the spring, and depth after Jon Budmayr had been a concern.
In steps Wilson, who brings very impressive credentials from NC State. They earned All-ACC honors and passed for 8,545 yards and 76 touchdowns in three seasons with the Wolfpack. Their skills both as a passer and as a playmaker make them stand out from Wisconsin quarterbacks of the past.
They will need to adjust quickly and beat out Budmayr for the starting job in camp, which isn't a guarantee. They also must establish themselves as a leader in the locker room despite joining the team just weeks before camp begins.
The good news is that Wilson boasts experience and seems to have a good head on their shoulders.
Wisconsin's pro-style offense seemed to fit Wilson better than Auburn's scheme, given what they ran at NC State. If they can catch on quickly both on the field and in the locker room, Wisconsin could be primed for another special season.
Does this make the Badgers the undisputed Big Ten favorites? I don't know if I'm quite ready to go that far without seeing Wilson in a few games. Wisconsin should be the favorite in the Leaders Division, especially because of the messiness in Columbus, but there are several formidable teams in the Legends Division.
I'll have plenty more on Wilson's big decision, so stay tuned.
San Francisco backup quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who has stood for the sanctity of black lives by kneeling during the national anthem, is giving away at least a portion of their colossal footwear collection to Bay Area homeless shelters and orphanages, according to a video posted on Instagram by their girlfriend, DJ Nessa.
Kaepernick, who is known for their massive collection of kicks (mostly of Nikes, since they have an endorsement deal with them), may be taking the Buddhist philosophy of letting go to heart.
Since they started showing off their collection on Instagram in June of 2012, the QB has reportedly amassed hundreds of pairs of pristine kicks—so many, in fact, that they converted their garage into a walk-in shoe closet.
Advertisement
The shoe donation is in addition to Kaepernick's Million Dollar Pledge in which they promised that they will donate $100,000 per month for 10 months to various organizations in oppressed communities. They began disbursing the monies in October and has donated money to grassroots organizations as varied as Causa Justa in the Bay Area, Mothers Against Police Brutality in Dallas, the Will Not Die Young campaign in Milwaukee and Appetite for Change in Minneapolis.
And though Kap reportedly has a shoe size 13-14, the fact is that even if the shoes are too big for individuals, these sneakers on will turn a pretty penny on the resale market for those individuals and organizations who receive them (we're talking about immaculate, pristine kicks worn by a professional quarterback here).
It's no wonder Kaepernick received the “2016 Len Eshmont Award” from their teammates this year.  They are truly a courageous humanitarian, not only in word but also in deed.
Advertisement
Right on, Kap!
This week, 75 highly motivated oenophiles are pursuing wine geekdom's ultimate gong: the right to be called a Master of Wine, or MW. It's not a drinking contest: It is a four-day test of wine knowledge administered by the London-based Institute of Masters of Wine, or IWM. The annual exam is given simultaneously in three locations—London, Sydney, and Napa—and is notoriously difficult: In the past decade, an average of just eight people have passed per year, and there are fewer than 300 MWs in total. It is surely the world's most exclusive wine club. But while earning the MW is a boffo achievement, does it have any practical value, and does oenophilia really need forms of accreditation? Isn't the right to procure alcohol enough?
As you might have guessed, the MW designation is British in origin and another manifestation of the British fondness for titles. (If you write for a British wine publication and forget to add "MW" after the name of a Master of Wine, not to worry: it will be inserted for you.) It was conceived in the 1950s as a means of improving educational standards among members of the British wine trade, and although it is now open to all nationalities (as well as people who don't flog wine for a living), the majority of MWs are Brits. The roster includes some marquee names. Michael Broadbent, who founded Christie's wine department and was a central figure in the scandal over the so-called Thomas Jefferson bottles, is an MW. Serena Sutcliffe, who oversees wine sales for Sotheby's, is also one, as is their husband, the Bordeaux specialist David Peppercorn. Probably the best-known MW is the British wine writer Jancis Robinson, who was the first person outside the wine business to qualify, back in 1984.
According to the website, the MW exam is "the hardest test of knowledge and ability in the world of wine." Merely getting the chance to take it requires clearing a few hurdles. Candidates must first apply for admission to the MW program; if accepted, they spend two years doing preparatory coursework. An exam given at the end of the first year is used to trim the candidate pool, and only after completing the second year are students eligible to take the big test, which consists of multiple blind tastings and essay questions concerning viticulture, winemaking, and the business and culture of wine (some typical questions: How might the most common wine faults in finished wine be avoided and detected? Examine the role of currency exchange rates in shaping global wine markets, focusing particularly on the period 2006-09. Examine the extent to which wine is "a social evil").
The essays and blind tastings are graded separately, and it is rare to ace both on the first try. Candidates are given three chances to pass at least one part of the exam, which is graded by current MWs and people with expertise in particular areas, such as viticulture; if they manage that, they are given two additional opportunities to conquer the other part. Once they pass both, they are required to write a 10,000-word dissertation on a wine-related subject. There are no limits to how many attempts can be made with the dissertation, but candidates who fail twice with one topic are advised to switch to another. The MW title is conferred only after the dissertation is approved. From start to finish, it takes a minimum of three years to obtain it.
That is a hell of a slog (and not a cheap one, either: the total tuition alone is over $6,000), and apart from guaranteeing that you will always be handed the wine list in restaurants, the MW qualification doesn't seem to offer much of a payoff. Tim Atkin, a British wine writer who passed the test in 2000, said by email that the title has "helped me to get a few speaking gigs and, occasionally, access to wineries who don't know who I am, but respect the qualification." Fair enough, but that's not exactly a resounding endorsement. The MW is probably most useful if you want to land a job with Sotheby's or Christie's or a tweedy British wine merchant (and most MWs work in the trade). Apart from that, however, it just seems to be a well-deserved bragging right.
Advertisement
Some MWs—Robinson, Atkin, their compatriot Clive Coates—have made significant marks in wine journalism, but the field is otherwise dominated by uncredentialed types. The most influential critic, Robert Parker, is a wine autodidact. With no formal training, they started a buying guide in the late 1970s, and used a good palate and entrepreneurial moxie to build an audience. Allen Meadows, Steve Tanzer, and Antonio Galloni all followed Parker's self-laid path. For what it's worth, I did, too: Apart from a short introductory wine course that I took many vintages ago, pretty much everything I know about wine I learned on my own (often while shirking household duties, such as paying the bills). While some critics aren't shy about trumpeting their tasting prowess, and a few have even claimed physiological advantages, wine journalism has never had much need or use for formal qualifications.
Recently, however, with the advent of blogging and the proliferation of wannabe Parkers, there has been chatter among grape nuts that some form of certification a la the MW would be a good thing for wine journalism. Restaurant, film, and book reviewers aren't required to obtain accreditation, and wine critics don't need it, either. I doubt you could even devise a fair measure of wine-tasting acumen. Every nose and tongue has its strengths and weaknesses, and while I suppose it wouldn't be all that hard to root out the bluffers, anything beyond that would be hard to judge. More importantly, consumers generally do a good job of finding palates worth heeding. Parker became king because people learned they could trust their recommendations, and when they later figured out that they and Burgundy were not a great match, they turned to another source of advice, Meadows. Although I'm a Champagne socialist at heart, count me a laissez-faire type on this issue: Authority ought to be earned in the market, not a classroom.
Will Time Warner Cable's subscribers help pay for the $2 billion purchase of the Los Angeles Dodgers by Mark Walter, Magic Johnson and Stan Kasten?
We will soon find out, apparently, as the L.A. Times is reporting that "Time Warner Cable subscribers are being notified in their latest bill that the monthly cost of basic cable service will jump 8.2%, or almost four times the annual rate of inflation as of October 2012 — to $72.50 from $67."
The rate hike stems from the cable company's new local television deal with the baseball team that is currently being reviewed by MLB. The television deal, which would begin in 2014, is controversial because it has been structured so that the Dodgers can shield as much money as possible from baseball's revenue-sharing system.
For example, TWC, which has about 40% of the market in southern California, is guaranteeing the Dodgers $4 per-subscriber, per-month for their market.
In early trading today shares of TWC were down almost 1% while the S&P 500 was flat.
A few notes about this document just released by North Korean state media.
First, North and South Korea have technically been at a state of war since the Korean War began six decades ago. So, while this "declaration of war" certainly sounds scary, the rhetoric alone does not change anything substantial.
Second, North Korea does not appear to have taken many concrete steps toward actual war. There have been no reports, for example, of the country massing its troops along the border. War is a big, complicated logistical undertaking, especially when you're a particularly poor country trying to shuffle 1.1. a million troops into place. They're not exactly a lightening-response force.
And, third, the Kaesong Industrial Complex, a large facility staffed by South and North Korean workers just on the northern side of the border, is still running smoothly, according to Reuters. As I wrote earlier, the fact that North Korea is bothering to keep Kaesong open suggests that it does not think war will actually break out, which would seem to bolster skepticism about whether or not it has any intention of following through on its war threats.
Update: Early on Saturday, North Korea threatened to close the Kaesong complex, though it has not done so yet. According to the A.P., North Korea's announcement specifically challenged media reports that its decision to keep the plant open was a sign of its unseriousness.
OK, the full declaration is below. It's typical, chest-thumping North Korean rhetoric that hits the usual points. Do try to hang on until the end, if you can; it's a real roller-coaster ride of a propaganda piece. No one brandishes adjectives and verbs with more earnest fervor than North Korea's state media. We hope everyone is enjoying this "sacred war of justice" so far!
The moves of the U.S. imperialists to violate the sovereignty of the DPRK and encroach upon its supreme interests have entered an extremely grave phase. Under this situation, the dear respected Marshal Kim Jong-un, brilliant commander of Mt. Paektu, convened an urgent operation meeting on the performance of duty of the Strategic Rocket Force of the Korean People's Army for firepower strike and finally examined and ratified a plan for firepower strike.
The important decision made by them is the declaration of a do-or-die battle to provide an epochal occasion for putting an end to the history of the long-standing showdown with the U.S. and opening a new era. It is also a last warning of justice served to the U.S., south Korean group and other anti-reunification hostile forces. The decision reflects the strong will of the army and people of the DPRK to annihilate the enemies.
Now the heroic service personnel and all other people of the DPRK are full of surging anger at the U.S. imperialists' reckless war provocation moves, and the strong will to turn out as one in the death-defying battle with the enemies and achieve a final victory of the great war for national reunification true to the important decision made by Kim Jong-un.
The Supreme Command of the KPA in its previous statement solemnly declared at home and abroad the will of the army and people of the DPRK to take decisive military counteraction to defend the sovereignty of the country and the dignity of its supreme leadership as regards the war moves of the U.S. and south Korean puppets that have reached the most extreme phase.
Not content with letting B-52 make sorties into the sky over south Korea in succession despite the repeated warnings of the DPRK, the U.S. made B-2A stealth strategic bomber and other ultra-modern strategic strike means fly from the U.S. mainland to south Korea to stage a bombing drill targeting the DPRK. This is an unpardonable and heinous provocation and an open challenge.
By taking advantage of the U.S. reckless campaign for a nuclear war against the DPRK, the south Korean puppets vociferated about "preemptive attack" and "strong counteraction" and even "strike at the commanding forces", openly revealing the attempt to destroy monuments symbolic of the dignity of the DPRK's supreme leadership.
This clearly shows that the U.S. brigandish ambition for aggression and the puppets' attempt to invade the DPRK have gone beyond the limit and their threats have entered the reckless phase of an actual war from the phase of threat and blackmail.
The prevailing grim situation more clearly proves that the Supreme Command of the KPA was just when it made the judgment and decision to decisively settle accounts with the U.S. imperialists and south Korean puppets by dint of the arms of Songun, because time when words could work has passed.
Now they are openly claiming that the B-2A stealth strategic bombers' drill of dropping nuclear bombs was "not to irritate the north" but "the defensive one". The U.S. also says the drill is "to defend the interests of its ally". However, it is nothing but a lame pretext to cover up its aggressive nature, evade the denunciation at home and abroad and escape from the DPRK's retaliatory blows.
The era when the U.S. resorted to the policy of strength by brandishing nuclear weapons has gone.
It is the resolute answer of the DPRK and its steadfast stand to counter the nuclear blackmail of the U.S. imperialists with merciless nuclear attack and their war of aggression with just all-out war.
They should clearly know that in the era of Marshal Kim Jong-un, the greatest-ever commander, all things are different from what they used to be in the past.
The hostile forces will clearly realize the iron will, matchless grit and extraordinary mettle of the brilliant commander of Mt. Paektu that the earth cannot exist without Songun Korea.
Time has come to stage a do-or-die final battle.
The government, political parties and organizations of the DPRK solemnly declare as follows reflecting the final decision made by Kim Jong-un at the operation meeting of the KPA Supreme Command and the unanimous will of all service personnel and people of the DPRK who are waiting for a final order from him.
1.From this moment, the north-south relations will be put at the state of war and all the issues arousing between the north and the south will be dealt with according to the wartime regulations.
The state of neither peace nor war has ended on the Korean Peninsula.
Now that the revolutionary armed forces of the DPRK have entered into an actual military action, the inter-Korean relations have naturally entered the state of war. Accordingly, the DPRK will immediately punish any slightest provocation hurting its dignity and sovereignty with resolute and merciless physical actions without any prior notice.
2. If the U.S. and the south Korean puppet group perpetrate a military provocation for igniting a war against the DPRK in any area including the five islands in the West Sea of Korea or in the area along the Military Demarcation Line, it will not be limited to a local war, but develop into an all-out war, a nuclear war.
It is self-evident that any military conflict on the Korean Peninsula is bound to lead to an all-out war, a nuclear war now that even U.S. nuclear strategic bombers in its military bases in the Pacific including Hawaii and Guam and in its mainland are flying into the sky above south Korea to participate in the madcap DPRK-targeted nuclear war moves.
The first strike of the revolutionary armed forces of the DPRK will blow up the U.S. bases for aggression in its mainland and in the Pacific operational theatres including Hawaii and Guam and reduce not only its military bases in south Korea but the puppets' ruling institutions including Chongwadae and puppet army's bases to ashes at once, to say nothing of the aggressors and the provokers.
3. The DPRK will never miss the golden chance to win a final victory in a great war for national reunification.
This war will not be a three day-war but it will be a blitz war through which the KPA will occupy all areas of south Korea including Jeju Island at one strike, not giving the U.S. and the puppet warmongers time to come to their senses, and a three-dimensional war to be fought in the air, land and seas and on the front line and in the rear.
This sacred war of justice will be a nation-wide, all-people resistance involving all Koreans in the north and the south and overseas in which the traitors to the nation including heinous confrontation maniacs, warmongers and human scum will be mercilessly swept away.
No force on earth can break the will of the service personnel and people of the DPRK all out in the just great war for national reunification and of all other Koreans and overpower their might.
Holding in high esteem the peerlessly great men of Mt. Paektu, the Korean people will give vent to the pent-up grudge and realize their cherished desire and thus bring a bright day of national reunification and build the best power on this land without fail.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Victor Zamora spent 69 days trapped underground
One of the Chilean miners who was trapped underground for 69 days in 2010 has lost their home in flash floods in northern Chile.
Victor Zamora told local media that they had lost everything. "It's a tragedy," they said.
Ten people lost their lives, 19 are missing and hundreds lost their homes in floods in the Atacama desert region, one of the driest places on earth.
Chilean President Michelle Bachelet has described the situation as bleak.
They said many villages remained isolated and needed urgent help.
President Bachelet said it was likely the number of dead would increase as many people remain unaccounted for.
The storms, which began on Tuesday evening, have cut off roads, caused power cuts and severed communications.
Mr Zamora said the floods came when everyone was asleep. They said they were only able to get away with a few things.
"Me and my neighbours are trying to help each other," they said.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The river Copiapo overflowed into the streets of the city
Image copyright EPA Image caption The government declared a state of emergency after the floods.
Flash floods in the Atacama region turned riverbeds that had been dry for years into torrents.
Residents scrambled onto the roofs of their homes or fled to high ground to escape the floodwaters, as streets turned into rivers that swept up everything in their path.
Many mines in the major copper producing area have temporarily suspended production.
The floods come as southern Chile struggles with huge wildfires made worse by a severe drought.
A convoy of Texas Department of Transportation sand trucks sets out from Amarillo en route to the Dallas-Fort Worth area on Monday. The trucks were dispatched to help keep roads passible for Super Bowl week if sleet and sub-freezing temperatures materialize as forecast on Tuesday.
Texas Department of Transportation worker Ralph Vannoy (left) and Glenn Williams load a truck with magnesium chloride at TxDOT's Nortwest Dallas County Maintenance facility in preparation for the arrival of sleet and sub-freezing temperatures on Tuesday. Magnesium chloride is a common road de-icer.
The Green Bay Packers and Pittsburgh Steelers arrive today for Super Bowl XLV, and by Tuesday they'll feel right at home.
A winter storm watch has been issued starting tonight and running through Tuesday afternoon. Accompanying the arctic front will be all manner of frozen precipitation: hail, sleet, freezing rain and possibly even snow.
“It's just going to be pretty much a mess for most of the day,” said Matt Bishop, a meteorologist with National Weather Service in Fort Worth.
Forecasters expect the rain to turn to sleet at 6 a.m., just in time for the morning commute.
The good news is that local authorities may never have been better prepared to deal with bad weather.
“We've been planning for this for months,” said Michael Morris , director of transportation at the North Central Texas Council of Governments in Arlington. Weather contingencies were part of the area's bid to host a Super Bowl.
After a final day with high temperatures in the 50s today, the National Weather Service has issued a winter storm watch late tonight through Tuesday afternoon.
Bishop said there is a chance for icy accumulation by the morning rush hour.
And there's a chance of snow after that, with up to an inch of accumulation Tuesday, the weather service says.
Wind chills will remain in the teens and 20s Wednesday and will stay below freezing until Friday.
“It's just one of those types of weather that we don't see often,” said Bishop. “It's going to be interesting.”
Conditions should improve for the weekend. The preliminary forecast for Super Bowl Sunday calls for mostly sunny skies and highs in the upper 50s.
Area preparations have included bringing in extra TxDOT drivers from around the state, calling on several agencies for assistance with people and equipment, and pre-staging de-icing materials at strategic locations throughout the area, Morris said.
“It is not a concern, and our schedule of events is moving forward as planned,” said NFL spokesperson Brian McCarthy, who was in balmy Hawaii for the Pro Bowl on Sunday. “We have been working closely for more than a year with local law enforcement and transportation officials.”
Plans call for the Cowboys Stadium roof to be closed for the game. Winter weather is more of a threat to related activities and for fans getting to and from the game.
“Plans are in place to make sure the transportation system is cleared of ice or snow and safe for residents and visitors to travel around the region,” said Amanda Wilson of the Council of Governments.
Media Day is set for Tuesday with reporters from around the world gathering to quiz Steelers and Packers in the stadium.
Morris said officials from the Council of Governments, the Texas Department of Transportation and the North Texas Tollway Authority will hold a news conference today to provide a look at the plans.
When the nation's top TV regulator officially unveils their long-awaited proposal next week to disrupt cable set-top boxes, it'll contain a set of privacy provisions aimed at making sure new cable-box manufacturers don't abuse the data they collect on viewer behaviors.
The proposed privacy rules would affect all firms who are looking to build alternatives to the traditional set-top box, said Tom Wheeler, the chairperson of the Federal Communications Commission, in a recent interview. Under the rule, even companies that have made behavioral data a big business would have to obey existing cable-industry regulations on user data, if they were to start making set-top boxes of their own.
"The cable companies are collecting information on you today, and they have a set of rules they have to live by," said Wheeler. "There are rules for device manufacturers and service providers at both the federal and the state level, and what we're going to do in our rulemaking is said [to new entrants], 'You have to have the same kind of rules that cable companies have.' "
Federal rules prohibit cable companies from collecting "personally identifiable information" on consumers without first getting their consent. They also prevent cable companies from sharing that data with third parties without subscribers' written or electronic consent, except when it is necessary for providing cable service.
Under Wheeler's proposal, third-party set-top box makers could be subject to the same requirements.
Many consumers currently rent their set-top boxes directly from their cable companies for a monthly fee. But mounting complaints about the fees - as well as a lack of choice among set-top box providers - have prompted the FCC to take action.
The agency is expected to propose new rules this month that could encourage the tech industry to design new set-top boxes. These new devices would hook into your existing cable connection, enabling you to watch all the same content that you currently get with your cable TV package, but perhaps with better search features, menus and other ways of navigating through your bundle. The result could be lowed prices and more competition for set-top boxes, agency officials say.
If the Googles of the world were to build a third-party set-top box, they would gain an unprecedented, Netflix-like visibility into customers' viewing habits that they could then attempt to use for advertising purposes, according to consumer groups such as the Center for Digital Democracy. It's part of a wider arms race that has the cable and telecom industries doing the same thing.
"All the phone and cable companies have upgraded their data collection abilities," said Jeffrey Chester, executive director of the Center for Digital Democracy. "They want to create the same kind of real-time, data-driven business model that's at the heart of Google and Facebook."
Although the FCC announced Wheeler's proposal last month, it won't be officially revealed until Feb. 18 when the public will have an opportunity to respond. Even then, the rules won't be finalized until the entire commission votes on them at a future date.
© 2016 The Washington Post
Chris Brown doesn't like to feel cheated. The 23-year-old singer got into a confrontation with a valet attendant on Wednesday, March 6 over a $10 service charge -- and the exchange was caught on tape.
After leaving Stars and Strikes Celebrity Charity Bowling Tournament at Pinz Bowling Alley in L.A.'s Studio City neighborhood, Brown went to the valet stand to get their car. In TMZ's video, a valet attendant asks Brown to pay a $10 fee, and the singer refuses.
PHOTOS: Chris Brown's romance with Rihanna
"Gimme my f--king keys," Brown demands while getting in front of the attendant's face.
"Just give me 10 dollars," the man replies.
"F--k ten dollars," Brown yells. "We gonna turn this whole spot up . . . I promise you."
PHOTOS: Hollywood's biggest bad boys
A member of the "Don't Wake Me Up" singer's group tries to defuse the escalating confrontation by pleading, "Let's go, let's go. We got the money, don't worry about it." And eventually Brown does walk away while shouting, "Funky ass ten dollars."
PHOTOS: Stars at court
Why the outrage of the $10 fee? A source tells TMZ that the standard fee for the valet is $5, and they were allegedly trying to cheat Brown into paying an inflated $10.
This article originally appeared on Usmagazine.com: Chris Brown Explodes at Valet Attendant for Overcharging Him $5
You give me $50,000 over the next 10 years, and I promise to give you back $1,000 tomorrow.
Let's send out a press release on how generous I am!
What? Only a sucker would take that deal? Well, that's basically what AT&T just offered your elected representatives in Congress.
Last week, AT&T sent out a press release lobbying hard for one of its top policy priorities — cutting corporate tax rates. In exchange for a huge tax cut, AT&T promised to “increase our domestic investment by $1 billion in the first year in which the new rates are in place.”
Wow, a billion bucks. That seems like a lot of money! And it is!
But context matters when we're talking about a company that has a market cap of more than $200 billion and is trying to acquire yet another enormous media company in a nearly $110-billion deal.
So let's look a little closer at what's underneath AT&T's $1-billion promise — and what it would cost the rest of us.
AT&T is cheerleading two key aspects of the congressional GOP leadership's tax overhaul: lowering the statutory corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent, and changing the law so that companies could fully deduct the cost of equipment from their taxable base in the year that equipment is put into operation (as opposed to deducting a partial and declining amount every year as these physical assets decrease in value over their serviceable lifetimes).
This latter accounting change is known as bonus depreciation and is a favorite tool of lawmakers who want to stimulate private investment in physical infrastructure. Congress has given companies these bonus depreciation gifts several times over the past couple of decades on a more time-limited basis to try to pull the economy out of recessions and create jobs.
But now Congress wants to allow companies to expense their capital investments fully in the same year they were made, from now through 2023.
So how would these changes lower AT&T's tax bill? The details and politics are complicated — it's unclear whether the Senate has the votes to pass these deficit-exploding cuts and whether they might sunset. And bonus depreciation is complex enough that we can't provide a reliable estimate of AT&T's savings here.
But for ease of illustration, let's just look at the impact of lowering AT&T's corporate tax rate over the next decade.
AT&T's effective tax rate in any given year varies based on what it actually pays as a percentage of its net income. It's almost always below the statutory 35-percent rate.
Since 2012, AT&T's average effective tax rate has been 33 percent. In 2016, AT&T's pre-tax net income was $19.8 billion and it paid $6.48 billion in tax (equating to a rate of 32.7 percent). If AT&T had paid only 20 percent in taxes last year instead of around 32, it would have paid about $4 billion, or about $2.5 billion less than it did.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
However, when AT&T made its billion-dollar investment promise, it did so expecting to own Time Warner. In 2016, the two companies collectively earned $25 billion in net income before taxes, and paid $7.76 billion in taxes, for an effective rate of 31 percent.
If the rate was 20 percent, the combined AT&T-Time Warner company would pay about $2.8 billion less in tax.
So in just the first year under a lower corporate tax rate, a supersized AT&T would reap about $3 billion in savings. In this light, its $1-billion investment promise doesn't seem like such a good deal.
But hold on a second! AT&T has promised $1 billion in additional capital investment, for 2018 only. It's made no promises about subsequent years, even though its tax savings from the GOP's plan grow with each passing year.
If AT&T's pre-tax net incomes grow 5 percent annually (which is a conservative estimate; AT&T's pre-tax earnings have a 10-year compound annual-growth rate of 7.3 percent), by 2027 it would have pre-tax net income of about $45 billion. At a tax rate of 20 percent, it would pay $9 billion, compared to about $15 billion under current law.
That would be a $6-billion benefit for AT&T in that one year alone.
If the GOP tax plan goes through, AT&T stands to save at least $46 billion over the next decade (side note: It's not clear if Congress has the votes in the Senate needed to make these tax cuts permanent, as opposed to ensuring them for the next 10 years, which requires only a simple majority vote).
And remember, AT&T's savings are actually going to be larger than that, because we've not even attempted to estimate the impact of bonus depreciation, which would substantially lower AT&T's taxable income.
In sum, AT&T is promising to spend an additional billion dollars in 2018 if Congress slashes its tax bill for the next 10 years or more, and the company isn't making any promises beyond that. This extra billion in investment would cost the rest of us at least $50 billion over the next decade.
That's a literal steal for AT&T and its shareholders.
Put another way: For the $50 billion this corporate tax break would cost us for AT&T alone, the government could pay to have fiber-to-the-home built to every single AT&T-covered household that doesn't yet have it.
The fact is that AT&T's alleged public largesse is just the company patting itself on the back for doing what any of its competitors would do: investing as little as possible to maximize its profits.
What makes this even more egregious is that AT&T's tax lobbying completely contradicts the false claims it makes about Net Neutrality rules harming investment. No less an authority than AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson said that this corporate tax cut is the only thing “that will get that investment trend turned” around in the short term.
If AT&T gets its way on Net Neutrality and taxes, don't be surprised when it comes back asking government for more special favors, claiming yet again that investment will suffer if the company doesn't get whatever it wants.
Imagine you have a sore shoulder, so you visit a physical therapist and come away with a set of exercises that they say will help improve your condition. A month later, with your shoulder no better, you return and ask why the exercises aren't working.
"I have no idea," they respond. "I don't actually know anything about how muscles work. I do research on the depiction of physical therapy in American film and television. I have a book coming out next year from a major press."
"But," you respond, "then how did you know to prescribe those exercises?"
"Oh," they say, "I just used common sense. Plus I had a sore shoulder once, and they worked for me."
As ridiculous as that scenario might seem, it doesn't much miss the mark in describing how most faculty members teach without knowing much about how students learn. We devote at least part of our careers to making lasting impressions on the minds of our students, yet the vast majority of us have little or no knowledge of how those minds actually work.
We spend years mastering our disciplines, so you can hardly blame us for not devoting several more years to studying cognitive science. And, unlike our imagined physical therapist, many of us seem to get by well enough in the classroom by drawing upon our well of common sense and reflecting on our own experiences as learners.
But I see plenty of faculty members whose ideas, based on common sense and experience, about how to help students learn don't seem to work very well. And often enough, my own ideas don't work nearly as well as I expect them to. In those unhappy moments, I usually wonder whether a little more knowledge of how the gears spin in the heads of my students might help me do a better job.
Just as the fall semester was about to begin this year, I came across a journal article in College Teaching that provided what struck me as a beautifully concise summary of some key recent developments in cognitive theory and memory research—as well as some insightful reflections on what those developments mean (or should mean) for our classroom practice.
I devoured the article several times, bleeding fresh ink on it with each reading, and finally decided to write to the author to ask if they would be willing to share their expertise with readers of this column. The theories and applications that I pulled from their article and from our e-mail interviews provided me with enough material for two columns, so this forms the first of two parts designed to let faculty members reflect on whether some basic knowledge of the workings of human memory might help them do their jobs more effectively.
Michelle Miller is a professor and chair of the psychology department at Northern Arizona University. A researcher and teacher in the fields of language, memory, and cognitive psychology, they have devoted much of their career to thinking about the relationship between their research areas and their classes. They have worked on a course-redesign project on their campus to help improve retention and performance rates in large classes.
Advertisement
Miller's article in College Teaching opens with an explanation of why so few of us may count ourselves as even amateur enthusiasts for cognitive theory: The field remains a relatively young one and has evolved rapidly over the past several decades. If you did happen to pick up some ideas 10 or 15 years ago about learning and cognition in a how-to-teach seminar in graduate school, what you learned there might have been superseded or even overturned since then by new information and theories.
Equally troublesome, research findings at the edge of the field don't always translate easily into pedagogical practice. As Miller describes the dilemma, "a working understanding of memory processes is clearly useful for instructors, who work very hard to promote long-term retention of course material, and fortunately, there is no shortage of theoretical research detailing the inner workings of memory. On the other hand, when this theoretical research is translated into specific suggestions for pedagogical practice, it is too often misinterpreted, oversimplified, or substantially out of date."
In fact, they continue, many of us are very likely working under an out-of-date model of human memory, one that has shaped teaching practices in higher education. It divides human memory into three stages or parts: sensory memory, short-term memory, and long-term memory. According to the researchers who developed the model, those "three components worked in concert to perform information processing—i.e., turning sensory experience into a 'code' that can be stored and retrieved when needed," Miller explains.
For teachers working in that model, the challenge was to determine the best methods for helping students encode information in such a way that it would transfer easily from short-term memory into long-term memory. If you have ever advised your students to process information through multiple senses—reading it, writing it down, speaking it aloud—then you were probably basing your recommendations on an informal or distilled version of that memory model.
Unfortunately, Miller points out, "vanishingly few cognitive researchers"—including the very scientists who developed the theory—support it anymore.
One major problem with the theory, they write, is that short-term memory turns out to be much more complex than the model posits. Some teaching practices that have been commonplace, such as encouraging students to process information in multiple forms, may indeed be quite effective—but not exactly for the reasons that the model would suppose.
But more important, Miller says, this older memory model, like other theories of cognition and memory, does not take fully enough into account the function of memory: "You can't understand how a memory component works," they write, "until you understand what it is for."
Considering memory from this functionary perspective has opened up new directions for research that pushes beyond the mechanics of short-term memory. And one result of the new research has been the happy discovery that our long-term memories have much greater storage capacity than we may have realized.
Unhappily, that capacious storage room creates a different problem for us.
"In long-term memory," Miller writes, "the limiting factor is not storage capacity, but rather the ability to find what you need when you need it. Long-term memory is rather like having a vast amount of closet space. It is easy to store many items, but it is difficult to retrieve the needed item in a timely fashion."
To help solve that problem, our mind uses cues: "Cues solve the retrieval quandary by triggering the information needed in a given situation. When we encode information, such as a name, we link it to other information that is present at the time—a face, a person's appearance, where we're standing when we are introduced. Provided with the right set of cues, we can retrieve that person's name. Without those cues, we are at a loss."
I expect that most of us can identify personally with the connection between cues and memories. The power of cues helps explain why a particular song may remind you of a memorable afternoon in Paris, or why, for me, the smell of stale beer always draws up vivid memories of my first-year dorm room.
Further reflection is likely to yield more-intellectual examples. One long afternoon over winter break in my sophomore year in college, I sat in a chair in my parents' living room and had my life changed by Eugene O'Neill's The Iceman Cometh. Whenever I sat in that chair, for many years afterward, detailed memories of O'Neill's play and its impact on my life would return to me. And I can walk into certain classrooms on my campus and immediately recall formative experiences I had in my development as a teacher.
But while we may be able to draw up endless examples of how our minds have created such connections between learned information and the contextual cues that accompanied our first encounter with that information, those examples don't translate very easily—as Miller points out—into concrete pedagogical practice.
If it turns out that the greatest memory challenge our students face is retrieving information from their long-term memories when they need it to perform on exams and assignments, and if that retrieval ability depends on the use of contextual cues during the information-encoding process, what does that mean for our job description as teachers? Do we have any control over the cues that accompany the encoding of information in our students' brains? Can we help them develop effective cues?
In next month's column, I'll draw on my conversation with Michelle Miller to provide some initial answers to those questions, and to help you see how developments in memory research translate into course design and classroom practice.
Welp, I can now count vape cloud competitions and “cloud chasing” as two things I didn't know existed until just now. Thanks to the Internet and my morbid curiosity, I cannot ever unlearn that some people who vape (mostly dudes) also like to compete to see who blows the largest cloud of vapor.
I suppose any substantial prowess in this sport indicates that a) you purchase only the highest-quality vape materials (something to do with batteries, coils, and oils—oh my!) and b) your lungs are decently sized.
Since vaping has become a recreational activity, cloud competitions have only grown in number. Vape clouds are judged on, according to the following video, “girth, length, and overall size density” (there's absolutely no way that vape clouds are a proxy penis). Chris “Bud” Wilson, the winner of the competition featured in the same video, is modest about their monster clouds: “That sounds weird: professional vaper. You know what I mean? It's just like, I just blow clouds, ya know?”
The reason these competitive vapers can produce such girthy(?) clouds is that most “cloud chasers” modify their vaporizers so they can burn things like vegetable glycerol and liquid nicotine. Vape companies will often pay and sponsor vapers who have proven themselves blowers of impressive clouds. Before you decide to compete for the most well-endowed cloud, you'd be wise to heed the advice of users who know they're doing.
As for me, I'm in luck. After a quick search for a cloud competition nearby, I discovered Vape Blast 2015, a vaping conference that takes place in August just a mere hour away. Stay tuned for my in-depth coverage of this event some time in September. Until then, vape it to the limit.
Photo via Mashable/YouTube
It has been almost 13 years to the day since the Montreal Canadiens relieved Rejean Houle of their general manager responsibilities – a position they were collecting an income for over the course of five years from 1995-2000. As a child growing up, the Habs were my team. I remember watching them win the Stanley Cup in 1993 at 7 years old. More vividly I can remember crying after they lost game one and was convinced the series was over. Prior to 1995, I cannot recall ever viewing the team in a critical manner. Then a series of events led to an entire generation of Habs fans, a generation that I was in the middle of, grew up with Montreal being more of a punch line than the championship team they had been for a good part of the 20th century.
In November of 1995, the Canadiens decided Houle should be their next GM. Within a few weeks of this decision, we were parting ways with a man who brought us two Stanley Cups, the one player on the team that any fan would have staked their life on knowing they would retire as a Hab. It was not just that they were traded; it was the manner in which it happened. A man who loved and was beloved, they wanted nothing to do with the organization. This trade alone could be its own six-piece story and truthfully over the years has been the major source of my frustration for this era of the team and the GM. So I decided to look deeper and really challenge my view that Rejean Houle was the worst general manager in team history. Rather than just think it, I set out to prove it.
The Numbers
Houle was responsible for 30 trades during their tenure of four full seasons and parts of two others. Having looked at all 30 trades, 13 years later I have a hard time finding many that helped the team. Most of them clearly hurt the team immediately or did not help in the way they had anticipated. But let's look deeper. In basically four seasons, the following are players that Rejean Houle both traded for and traded away in their brief tenure; Andrei Kovalenko, Pat Jablonski, Stephane Richer, Jocelyn Thibault, Gordie Dwyer, Scott Thorton, Murray Baron and Igor Ulanov. So we have eight players that were traded for and away covering over half of their 30 transactions. What is more startling is the turnaround on some of these trades:
Andrei Kovalenko – 9 months
– 9 months Pat Jablonski – 1 year, 3 months
– 1 year, 3 months Stephane Richer – 1 year, 4 months
– 1 year, 4 months Murray Barron – 4 months
– 4 months Igor Ulanov – two years, 1 month
– two years, 1 month Jocelyn Thibault – 2 years, 11 months
In a league where team dynamics will play more of a role than any of the other major sports, Canadiens management over these years had a revolving door of players coming in and out. Of the 30 trades on the books under the Houle era, I would give a positive grade to one. There were more pieces coming back, however it was essentially receiving Sheldon Souray for Vladimir Malakhov. Souray spent seven seasons with Montreal, anchoring the power play, becoming a leader in the dressing room and regularly being voted as the best looking player in the league. Malakhov was out of New Jersey the following year and remained in the league with two more teams over their final few years. So out of 30 trades, I am comfortable giving a passing grade here of maybe a “B” to Houle. However, the results here are not enough to satisfy any of the fan bases across hockey, let alone the fans in Montreal who view their home rink more as a cathedral than a hockey rink.
So was Rejean Houle the worst general manager in the history of the Montreal Canadiens? I'd love for you to convince me otherwise.
Thanks for reading. Please give our Hockey Department a follow-on Twitter: @lastwordBKerr, @TheHockeyMitch, @LastWordBigMick, @crimsonskorpion, @CMS_74_, @TwoTurtleDuffs, @dasimonetta, @LarryScotti, @RickW10, @ddmatthews, @evan_lacey, @thetq21, @CanuckPuckHead, @jaynichols11, @LastWordOnNHL, and @darrinharmy and follow the site @lastwordonsport.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? If so, check out our “Join Our Team” page to find out how.
Canada's acceptance of Hungarian Roma asylum-seekers is on an upswing after plummeting to record lows just a few years ago.
In 2009-10, only one to two per cent of refugee claimants from Hungary were accepted as the Conservative government initiated a crackdown on “bogus” refugees.
[np_storybar title=”Simply being Roma from Hungary is not proof of persecution, refugee judge rules” link=”http://news.nationalpost.com/news/canada/simply-being-roma-from-hungary-is-not-proof-of-persecution-refugee-judge-rules”%5D
The Federal Court of Canada has rejected the refugee claim of a Hungarian man of Roma background by dismissing the portrayal of sweeping, generalized persecution against the Roma in their homeland.
The man's credibility was also questioned over their reliance on a variation of a classic excuse: their dog ate their cellphone.
The case of Mario Gyula Varga is the latest clash over Canada's reception of the diasporic Roma.
Read more …
[/np_storybar]
But data from the Immigration and Refugee Board show the acceptance rate has steadily increased: to 20 per cent in 2013, 35 per cent in 2014 and 68 per cent in the first half of 2015.
“The Canadian government designated Hungary as a safe country (for refugees) in 2012. These figures show that Hungary is not, in fact, a safe country for hundreds of recognized refugees,” said Sean Rehaag, an Osgoode Hall Law School professor specializing in immigration and refugee law.
Citizenship and immigration officials declined to comment on the apparent softening stance.
“Canada's reformed asylum system continues to ensure that all eligible claimants — regardless of their country of origin — have access to a full, fact-based hearing before the Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada,” spokesperson Nancy Caron said in an email.
Refugee experts and advocates said one of many factors likely contributing to the rebound is the growing evidence of persecution of the ethnic Roma minority in Hungary.
A 2014 study by the Harvard School of Public Health found recent years have seen a “climate of increasing social and economic exclusion.” State officials often use racist public statements to incite hate against Roma, and paramilitary extremist groups have organized anti-Roma rallies, it added.
“Everyone grew up with this concept of Gypsies being this nomadic, bohemian subculture and they had a hard time connecting: who are these people coming from Europe claiming racially motivated violence and lack of state protection?” said Gina Csanyi-Robah, founder of the Canadian Romani Alliance.
“A lot of people have been educated about that now.”
The Canadian government's tightening of refugee laws in recent years may also have had the effect of weeding out Roma seeking to abuse the system and forcing those making claims to come better prepared and with more documentation, observers say.
In 2012, Canada placed Hungary on a list of countries deemed unlikely to produce genuine refugees. As a result, claims from these countries would be processed much more quickly, claimants would be ineligible for health care or work permits while they waited, and rejected claimants could not appeal. (The federal court, however, deemed some of these restrictions unconstitutional and the government has appealed).
The Canadian government also put up billboards and distributed flyers in Roma communities overseas, warning would-be claimants they likely faced swift deportation if they lacked valid reasons.
There are now a few hundred claimants annually from Hungary — a steep drop from 2009-11 when claims easily surpassed 2,000 a year.
“Before, Roma were coming here and they didn't really understand exactly what it was that characterized a refugee … They've learned that if you're coming, you'd better bring evidence with you, don't just come here without some sort of documentation,” Csanyi-Robah said.
Rehaag, who published a study this year alleging “institutional bias” against Roma refugee claimants in Canada in 2009-12, said it's important to note when the acceptance rate fell to as low as one and two per cent during that period, there were huge backlogs and few hearings. Many claimants abandoned or withdrew their cases, which contributed to the low acceptance rate.
Now, the profile of those adjudicating refugee cases has changed, they said. Whereas in the past adjudicators were all cabinet appointees, there's been a shift to hiring from the civil service. These new decision-makers could be less susceptible to political influence.
“There's perhaps a slightly higher level of confidence in the board members,” said Janet Dench, executive director of the Canadian Council for Refugees.
Legal representation has also improved. In earlier years, a few lawyers were taking on a majority of claims from Roma, sparking complaints they were exploiting the asylum seekers and not adequately representing them. Some lawyers have been disciplined or are facing disciplinary hearings.
That doesn't mean Canada has scaled back its vigilance. In June, Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) officers were redeployed to the airport in Budapest to help screen passengers coming to Canada.
“CBSA liaison officers are responsible for identifying and mitigating border-related risks at the earliest and farthest point from Canada's physical border,” a spokesperson said.
It's about that time of the year again where CCP Headquarters goes crazy with activity in preparation for the annual gathering of internet spaceships captains at the top of the world.
Hundreds of mice click together in unison as Devs prepare presentation after presentation with images, graphs, and, in some cases, amusing pictures of cats.
Outside of EVE Development, the Communications Team and Sales Team are working hard to get the events lineup for Fanfest 2015 nailed down, and the Fanfest schedule finalized and published.
CCP Legion, our Fanfest Program Director, will have further details regarding events at Fanfest and a Fanfest schedule for you all to peruse on Thursday, however in the meantime I'd like to talk to you all about another popular feature of Fanfest – the EVE Store.
Let's jump right in a see some of the stuff that will be on sale at Fanfest this year!
The eagle eyed capsuleers among us may have seen the release of these four labels to the EVE Online and Fanfest 2015 Facebook pages. These four delicious beverages have been exclusively made for Fanfest 2015, and form what has come to be known around the office here in Iceland as the “Brew Eden Collection”. They'll be available at selected locations during Fanfest, so make sure you try them out.
Along with every great drink, there must be a great vessel from which to sup. In keeping with this mindset, we've produced a set of custom glasses that will be available at Fanfest this year in order that every pilot can enjoy their beverage of choice.
Specific to each of the Brew Eden Collection, these glasses have been produced so that every pilot can either enjoy a cold one and rejoice after victory in battle or drown their sorrows after they wake up in the vat after an engagement doesn't go their way and look at the dent in their account with the Bank of Luminare.
If you're as serious about beer as we are here at CCP, then you'll definitely want to pick up these pieces of EVE history. They'll be available as a set at a discount price, or individually if you consider it an insult that you'd be forced to buy the Amarrian one (damned slavers…). These glasses will be on sale at Kr. 2,000 each, with the full set on offer for Kr. 7,000.
In addition we will have a selection of T-shirts inspired by the recent “This Is EVE” trailer that will be available in both men's and women's sizes, along with the ever popular EVE: Valkyrie signature t-shirt and a new addition that will let you show your support for CCP Guard and friends on the o7 Show! These shirts will all retail at Kr. 3,000 in the EVE Store.
A few of the regular favorites will be making a return to the store this Fanfest too, with pens, USB smartphone chargers, insulated mugs, notepads and watches on the list of items up for sale.
Many more keychains, notepads and smaller items will be available at the store during Fanfest, so be sure to check out what's in stock at the usual location on the second floor of Harpa! Prices on these will vary between Kr. 500 - Kr. 4,000, with the EVE Watch available for Kr. 39,900.
For those of you who crave more immersion in New Eden, we will also be offering copies of “EVE: Source”, the 200 page hardcover backstory and lore guide to New Eden produced by Dark Horse, as well as a limited run of both the new “EVE: The Art of New Eden” hardcover (also by Dark Horse), and the first “Art of EVE” hardcover that explores the origins of EVE's aesthetic design.
CCP t0rfifrans will have more details regarding both the hardcover of “The Art of New Eden” and the limited edition version which will go on sale during Fanfest 2015 in a Dev Blog this Friday.
Keeping with an art theme, we will also be offering large poster prints of the Fanfest 2015 key art after requests during previous years to offer Fanfest related memorabilia. This year's key art is Mordu's Legion Command themed:
This amazing keyart will also be immortalized on an awesome Corsair Carbide 330R case design that will be for sale at the Fanfest 2015 store, courtesy of Tölvulistinn.
As you can see, CCP Ruffige is extremely excited about the sight of such spaceship splendor…
For the first time since the release of “The Iron Tide” many moons ago in 2006, the Fanfest Store will also be offering a community created item for sale, with this awesome set of glossy, high quality battlecruiser posters created by Rixx Javix:
And finally, the image above was photographed today as I type this blog, and it's pretty much been snowing since late November, so we couldn't miss out on offering some EVE branded 66 Degrees North goodies to all our Fanfest attendees!
There'll be a selection of jackets, hats, mittens and sweaters for all of you that want to make sure you stay warm and cosy in the cold, dark void of space, so come on by and check out the Fanfest 2015 store between the presentations and panels. We will also have a large selection of items from the Musterbrand store on sale at Fanfest 2015 too.
Be sure to wrap up warm and pack lots of toasty warm clothes, as winter is still very much in full swing here in Iceland!
Looking forward to seeing you all at Fanfest 2015!
@CCP_Falcon
Obama cannot win, Hillary Clinton allegedly told Bill Richardson
David Edwards and Mike Sheehan
Published: Wednesday April 2, 2008
|
Print This Email This
Bill Richardson, the New Mexico governor who is a amid much fanfare recently endorsed Sen. Barack Obama for president, admitted at the time that their call to Sen. Hillary Clinton, disappointed with their allegiance about-face, was "heated."
What was actually said between Sen. Clinton and Richardson, the former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations during the White House years of Sen. Clinton's husband, has been off the record. That is, until now.
ABC News chief Washington correspondent George Stephanopoulos reports that Sen. Clinton insisted to Richardson, "[Obama] cannot win, Bill. They cannot win."
Stephanopoulos, themselves a former Clinton administration official, said the details of the call were confirmed with "sources who have direct knowledge of the conversation," during which, they say, the New York senator "made the most stark argument you can make."
This video is from ABC's World News, broadcast April 2, 2008.
Torres kills off romance, insisting 'Some kiss the badge, I just want to score'
By Matt Barlow for the Daily Mail
Crowd pleaser: Chelsea used to put several men on Torres to keep them quiet, but now John Terry and Co hope he'll give them a hand up
Fernando Torres has not spoken to Kenny Dalglish since signing for Chelsea , but there is one nugget of advice from the Liverpool manager which rang true as they prepared for their first appearance as a £50million striker.
When Torres moved to Anfield, Dalglish told them not to kiss the badge on their shirt unless they really meant it.
Those who stood on the Kop would know the truth, explained the Scot. Three-and-a-half years later, as they braced themselves for a debut against Liverpool, their assessment of modern football was as cool and clinical as their finishing.
Romance is dead. Why pretend otherwise?
'I never kissed the Liverpool badge,' said Torres. 'Never. No. Kissed the badge? No. I never did. I never did when I was at Atletico Madrid, and I love Atletico, my former club. I see some players doing that when they join a club but the romance in football has gone. It's a different thing now. People are coming and leaving. When you are joining a club you want to do the best for yourself and that club and that's all.
'Some people like to kiss the badge. They can do it. I only want to score goals and do my job and achieve all the targets the team has. When I was born in Madrid I was not a Liverpool fan or a Chelsea fan. I was only an Atletico Madrid fan. I still am. Maybe it's the only badge I will kiss if I have to kiss one.'
When Torres arrived on Merseyside they found themselves lying low in a hotel room as they waited to sign, passing the time by watching DVDs and reading books about their new city, their new club and legends like Bill Shankly, Bob Paisley and Dalglish.
By last month, the bond had diminished, overtaken by ambition and the fear of wasting their best years at Anfield as the club chased past glories against a backdrop of boardroom squabbles as Tom Hicks and George Gillett tried to sell.
Doubts had started to creep in long ago when Xabi Alonso and Javier Mascherano were allowed to leave the club for Real Madrid and Barcelona.
'It wasn't just last summer, really,' said Torres. 'Maybe the last two years. Especially with the old owners. I think when the new owner, John Henry, came and brought their team with him, the club were moving in the right direction.
Joining forces: Terry (right) will hope Torres (left) scores at the other end
'They have ambition and they know how to do things and go back to the way they were.
'It is my opinion, though, that they need time for that. Maybe they will need the time while I'm at my best age to play football.
'I took the decision to leave because I heard about Chelsea's interest. They were pushing hard for me, which meant they really wanted me. I really wanted to leave Liverpool, so I told them straight.
Badge kisser: Ex-West Ham man Frank Lampard is a true Blue
'If no-one had wanted me, I would have played happily. It's been a very tough season. The progress has not been the best. They've had problems and are in a difficult moment but I helped the team and did my job all the time.
'I explained my situation, my feelings, and was honest with everyone. I told everyone, face to face, my feelings and that I wanted to leave for Chelsea.
'They didn't hear that in the press. They heard it from me. That was maybe 10 or 12 days before the window closed. They didn't want me to leave.
'They tried to ask me to stay. I told them my decision was made and I wasn't going to change my mind. So they tried to get the best money and a replacement.
'I understand their position. I told them what I wanted, and I had to wait until the last few minutes of the window to sign.'
This timescale puts the transfer request somewhere after the 2-2 draw against Everton at Anfield and before the win against Wolverhampton Wanderers at Molineux, when Torres scored twice.
It was more than a week later when Chelsea's swoop became public and the record transfer accelerated towards its conclusion on deadline day, last Monday.
PAYING THE PRICE
Chelsea's annual wage bill has soared to £172.5million — and that's before they pay Fernando Torres £175,000 a week. The figure is almost £40m more than Manchester City (£133.3m), according to official accounts for the year ending June 2010. Manchester United have the third largest salary bill at £131.7m, while Arsenal's is £110m.
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard would have known better than most the dilemma Torres had been wrestling with, having twice come close to leaving Anfield for Stamford Bridge.
Ultimately, Gerrard opted to stay on Merseyside but, when they learned of Chelsea's move for Torres, they phoned their team-mate to wish them luck.
'He was one of the first ones who called me and said if I left, if I stayed, they would help me and support me,' said Torres.
'Maybe because they were in that situation first. He's been a very good friend and team-mate from the first to the last day.
'He only wanted the best for me and said he'd agree with whatever decision I made.'
DATE: Nov 28, 2012 | BY: Brent McKnight | Category: Sci-Fi
Despite facing what, at times, seemed like insurmountable odds, star Vin Diesel and director David Twohy have finally managed to squeeze out another Riddick film. At least it certainly looks that way. Their labor of love has faced so many delays and setbacks, that until we see the movie in theaters (or at least commercials running during prime-time television), I won't be entirely convinced. But this new international poster is definitely a step in the right direction.
After the low-budget Pitch Black out-performed everyone's box office expectations, the sequel, The Chronicles of Riddick, got a huge bankroll, only to do a belly flop, money-wise. While the second chapter is a fun little romp, it feels like it should be better than it is.
There are big flaws, to be sure. First it falls into the trap of trying to do too much. The filmmakers attempt to set up an entire universe worth of history and storylines, much to the detriment of the characters and main narrative line of the movie. Second, even though an infamous killer is the main character, the action is toothless and watered down for a PG-13 rating.
From all reports, Riddick will be more in line with the first film. The story sounds more personal and focused, and the film has already earned an R rating from the MPAA. Both of these are promising signs.
Riddick has been stranded on a desolate, sun-drenched planet. When the world's inhabitants, vicious alien creatures, take issue with their presence, they have to fight for their life. Their only avenue of escape is to alert the bounty hunters that constantly hound them as to their whereabouts. The first arrival carries a lethal new breed of mercenary, while the next transports someone with a personal score to settle with Riddick.
Seeing Riddick all bundled up in this poster, you get a good sense of the bleak, arid planet. Other than that, there's not much information, but it's nice to get even a glimpse at a movie that could turn out to be a lot of fun.
Evergreen Skateparks: Bringing skaters, artists and communities together. With owners, Billy & Catherine Coulon
From designing, to building, to completing the overall look, there is a true art to the development of a skatepark. In addition, once the park is complete, you then enable the art of skateboarding — giving kids and all skaters alike a place to explore their creativity, while making connections within their community and learning the definition hard work.
Meet Billy and Catherine Coudon, the owners of Portland, OR based — Evergreen Skateparks. For the past six years, avid skaters, Billy and Catherine have seen their vision through, and have created skateparks all across the globe.
Their mission is to build fun, innovative skateparks that people of all abilities and experience can enjoy. Designs incorporate transition and street inspired sculptural obstacles. Evergreen parks are created from start to finish, with an ultimate goal to to make the most optimal skateparks for everyone to learn, progress, and have fun.
A signature element to their design is an appreciation for aesthetics. Although the most important piece is the skateable functionality, they strive to have their parks be pleasing to the eye and incorporate the natural elements and surroundings.
Here, Billy and Catherine take us inside their process:
How Evergreen Skateparks Came To Be:
(Catherine) Evergreen Skateparks is owned and was founded by Billy and I. We've been together for 17 years now- since I was 19 and Billy was 21. In 2003, we were living in Hawaii while I finished college at the University of Hawaii. Billy had been a skater since they were a kid and I had picked up skating in 2002. One evening one of our roommates at the time put on a documentary about skatepark building- The Northwest documentary. For those who are unfamiliar, it's a documentary about the concrete skatepark building movement that was taking place in the late 90's/early 2000's in Oregon and Washington by Dreamland and Grindline Skateparks. Billy was mesmerized- I said, “There, that's your job. That's what you should be doing.” In 2004 we moved to Portland, Oregon and by 2005 Billy had linked up with Geth Noble, who owned Airspeed Skateparks, and started volunteering on the Toledo, Oregon Skatepark on the Oregon coast in hopes that they could secure a spot on the crew. In 2006 they started working with Dreamland Skateparks and they learned a lot working there, but they didn't have much seniority and the work wasn't very steady, which was hard to deal with when you have a mortgage and are trying to be productive adult. Come 2009, the work dried up completely and Billy knew they had to figure something out. All they wanted to do was build skateparks and continue to progress at their trade. We lived about 45 minutes from Windells Snowboard/Skateboard Camp on Mt.Hood and Billy had helped on some small concrete pours here and there at the camp. We always knew eventually we would like to start our own skatepark building company and Billy saw the potential at Windells to cover the place in skate-able concrete that they could use as a physical resume and platform to start getting our own jobs. After a meeting with Tim Windell (the owner) Billy explained to them their plan of wanting to start our own company and Tim was fully supportive. Billy spent hours working on systems to hone their skills and keep the momentum of the project going. They worked on the skatepark at Windells for almost 2 years and it was a real success- people loved it and they slowly started inquiring about other projects. In 2011, we were hired to build phase 2 of the Carbondale, Colorado skatepark- it was our first Municipal job- and that is when we knew it was time to get fully legit- contractors license, bonded, insurance, etc. That is when Evergreen Skateparks was official.
Our First Skatepark:
(Billy) When we completed our very first municipal job, Phase 2 of the Carbondale, it was an absolutely amazing moment. The feeling of accomplishment was almost addicting. I remember it very clearly. It was one of the best feelings I've ever had in my life and I immediately wanted more of that feeling. To be so responsible and be in a position of managing a group of people that was capable of taking on more- bigger and better projects and working on our systems and our craft to build this sustainable life. We didn't even care if we made money, we just wanted to complete it and have it turn out good and do more projects.
The Process of Connecting With A Community:
(Catherine) It's all over the board. Some projects take many, many years to come to fruition and some have a large donor or get funding right away and can be completed quite quickly if there's not too much red tape in the way. Generally though, either we write proposals for projects or bid on them. With proposals they usually choose the best proposal or company for the job and with the bids they usually just go with the lowest (cheapest) qualified bidder. Sometimes too we just get hired right out of the gate and are able to avoid the competitive bidding/proposal process. A lot of the communities we work with though are in the very preliminary stages, when the skatepark is just a concept or a goal, and it can take many years for them to get funding, but over those years we build a relationship with them, establish trust and do our best to educate them about quality skateparks and skatepark design.
The Design Phase:
(Billy) The design process is generally a collaborative effort. One of the major things that separates our company from other companies is that the people who create the Evergreen conceptual drawings are the same people who work on site so the intent of the design is never lost during construction. As far as the way we build stuff, we are continually trying to work on our systems and organization to become more efficient. We are very concerned with quality- we want to come back and visit the park and skate, not fix things.
The Funding Process:
(Catherine) There really is no average cost for a park, but when we do design/build projects we always try to build the most we can for whatever budget we're given. The funding varies a lot just like the approval and fundraising process, but funding generally comes from community fundraising, private donors, grant money and municipalities.
Creating Skateparks = Creating Art:
(Billy) 100%, I'm trying to create art in every park. I approach skateparks as a large, sculptural art project and I always will. It's form and function and if it looks beautiful it will ride beautiful. I want our parks to take on forms reminiscent of a beautiful woman.
Partnering With The Music Community:
(Billy) Similar to music- we have to unite in order to create so there is a lot of deep mind-melding like in a band. In music and skatepark building, we are all extremely passionate about what we are doing because we are creating something bigger. We do the skateparks from start to finish so there are a lot of different trades and skills that people possess. In skatepark building people have their primary trades- plumbing, heavy equipment, form setting, concrete finishing to welding- just like the way people play different instruments and then we all come together for the whole. We could not be happier about having the opportunity to work with Jeff Ament of Pearl Jam- they design a lot of the stuff we build at the parks and they have a great eye and they trust us, which allows us to do our best work.
Most Memorable Moment:
(Catherine) The most memorable and meaningful project we have been in a part of is the Thunder Park on the Blackfeet Reservation in Browning, Montana. This was the first park that Jeff Ament hired us to do. They had the idea for us to replicate the California Big O Bowl from the 70's, but other than that they gave us total creative freedom. Finally we got the chance to build the lunar landscape style park we had been dreaming and talking about building. We were very pleased with finished product, but what really made this so incredible was when we came back to the park to skate six months later and saw how the Blackfeet kids had taken to the park. Prior to the completion of Thunder Park I don't think any of the kids skated or knew anything about skateboarding culture or media. But because of the user friendly nature of the park and the way it was designed for speed and riding, the kids who came to the park on a regular basis were progressing tremendously and they were just really good at carving and riding their boards in general. We could tell that our theories about this type of design style were coming true. Being able to give these kids a place to form their own community and be active and have fun was rewarding beyond words. We look forward to going back every year and seeing their progression at skateboarding.
It's hard to even put into words what an incredible project this was from start to finish in regards to the location, the crew we had working, the quality of the skatepark design and aesthetics, the opportunity to get to work with Jeff and the impact it's had on the community. I don't know how many people get to feel that kind of satisfaction in their work but we are so grateful and humbled by our experience building the Thunder Park for the Blackfeet Nation.
What's On Tap:
(Catherine)Currently we are working on one of our largest design/build projects yet in Sterling Heights, Michigan- a suburb of Detroit which should be finished by the end of fall and also a park in Watertown, South Dakota. After that we have a project in Fort Morgan, Colorado and a long awaited skatepark in Taylor, Texas.
~ Billy & Catherine Coulon
For more information visit: Evergreenskateparks.com
All photos provided by Evergreen Skateparks.
If you enjoyed, please recommend by clicking the heart below
In collaboration with/produced by Jeff Gorra
Follow Artist Waves on: Facebook, Twitter & Medium
~ follow Jeff Gorra | twitter @JeffGorra |JeffGorra@ArtistWaves.com
https://upscri.be/de3ab8/
The satellite radio firm, led by CEO Jim Meyer, added 310,000 new self-pay subscribers, lifting its stock in pre-market trading.
SiriusXM Holdings on Thursday saw third quarter earnings jump as the satellite radio firm posted a record 32.2 million total subscribers.
The company, home of Howard Stern, saw earnings rise 42 percent to $276 million, against a year-earlier $194 million, on higher subscriber and advertising revenue. Overall revenue was $1.38 billion, against a year-earlier $1.27 billion, which beat an analysts' estimate by $10 million.
The per-share earnings of 6 cents exceeded by 2 cents an analysts' forecast for the quarter at 4 cents. That earnings beat helped send stock in SiriusXM up 14 cents, or 2.5 percent, to $5.86 in pre-market trading on the NASDAQ Exchange.
The satellite radio giant during the latest quarter completed a deal with Pandora to make a $480 million strategic cash investment in the personalized online radio service. SiriusXM CEO Jim Meyer told analysts during a morning call that it was too early to weigh possible synergies between their company and Pandora.
"It's an investment. We are taking our time evaluating that," Meyer explained. Top executives gave no update on a long-delayed Howard Stern video service in the works from SiriusXM, but did touch on Ricky Gervais' launching a new show exclusively on the platform, Ricky Gervais Is Deadly Sirius.
"The show will be just as unconventional as Ricky," Meyer told analysts. During the latest quarter, SiriusXM added 311,000 new self-pay subscribers, ending with 26.98 million subscribers in that category and 32.2 million paid subscribers overall, up 4 percent from the same period last year.
Total net subscriber additions in the third quarter were 119,000, down from 345,000 net additions during the year-earlier period, owing to 191,000 fewer paid promotional subscribers.
"SiriusXM delivered a very strong third quarter despite headwinds from slowing auto sales and the impact of severe weather in many part of the United States," Meyer earlier said in a statement.
John Malone's Liberty Media controls SiriusXM.
Oct. 25, 9:00 a.m.: Updated with comments by senior SiriusXM executives on an analyst call to explain their latest financial results.
Prototypes of an NFL wide receiver come in two distinct sizes and styles. Kind of goes against the whole definition of a "prototype" when there's two, but scan last year's receiving leaders and the physical traits are pronounced.
There are the 5-foot-10, 190-pound types. They could be an inch taller or five pounds heavier here or there. They fit in the same category. Your Odell Beckhams, T.Y. Hiltons, Antonio Browns and Julian Edelmans.
Then you have the 6-3, 220-pounders. The Julio Joneses, Jordy Nelsons, Larry Fitzgeralds and Dez Bryants of the world.
The New Orleans Saints had both prototype in 2016 and chose the one they desired to move forward with as their No. 1 wideout.
Both Michael Thomas and Brandin Cooks were top 10 receivers last season in yards with more than 1,110 each and touchdowns (Thomas with nine, Cooks with eight). Despite Cooks' gripes, there certainly seemed to be enough footballs to go around from Drew Brees.
Ultimately, the Saints chose the more conventional No. 1 prototype at receiver this offseason. They officially elevated Thomas to the alpha role and jettisoned Cooks to New England via trade.
I wasn't surprised when Thomas said trading Cooks had nothing to do with him. Thomas said the two former teammates are still good friends and stay in touch through text messages.
The former Ohio State wideout doesn't have to say it. We all know it. Thomas' sonic rise their rookie season helped the Saints feel comfortable enough to trade a No. 1 receiver to Tom Brady and the New England Patriots.
I'd say the Saints have supreme faith in Thomas. Otherwise, don't you think the Saints would have explored trade options for Thomas this offseason? They liked Thomas more than Cooks.
Without Cooks, the heat will be on Thomas to not only continue their production, but exceed those numbers in 2017 and beyond. Teams will defend to stop Thomas.
A reporter stated to Thomas last week, "You're the No. 1 guy now. What's it like out there?"
Thomas certainly didn't deny the designation.
"Same thing. Work hard," Thomas said. "Grind. ... Just finishing my routes, being a technician, getting perfect depth, being at the right place at the right time, using my eyes better, visualizing the coverage pre-snap better."
Thomas' chest isn't sticking out because he's the No. 1 receiver on this roster. It's because their upper body is literally more pronounced now after adding 10 pounds this offseason. The added muscle was noticeable right away when they spoke to reporters after last Thursday's OTA session.
By beefing up, Thomas is being molded into a prototype after playing at a slender 212 pounds. He's being sculpted into Julio, Jordy, Dez and Fitz.
Player Year 1 (Rec.-Yards-TDs) Year 2 Julio Jones 54-959-8 79-1,198-10 Larry Fitzgerald 58-780-8 103-1,409-10 Dez Bryant 45-561-6 63-928-9 Jordy Nelson 33-366-2 22-320-2 Michael Thomas 92-1,137-9
There's no question Thomas is embracing this role.
"I want to be one of the best to ever play the game, so I put a lot of pressure on myself," Thomas said. "Just because coming from a family (Keyshawn Johnson's nephew) that played in the NFL, and then being the guy now, I just want to take advantage of my opportunity."
Thomas has spoken these words before. I'm sure he'll continue in the future. They aren't one to display diva tendencies, even though they ooze confidence. Thomas recognizes their unique abilities, while understanding he's nowhere near honing all the intricacies of being an All-Pro receiver.
"I feel like I can be a lot better, just be more disciplined, always try to catch every ball, make sure you take advantage of your opportunities and go one-for-one every play, every snap," Thomas said. "Just stacking those up, and it starts with OTAs and training camp. Then there will be an exciting year."
Wide receiver coach John Morton began cracking the code for Thomas last season. Morton took a promotion to become the Jets offensive coordinator. The Saints have turned back the clock by bringing back Curtis Johnson to teach the receivers.
Thomas views Johnson as being "real disciplined" and capable of taking the receiver's game to another level. Johnson's track record with the Saints is all there for the world to see.
They guided Marques Colston to become the team's best receiver in franchise history. Johnson aided Lance Moore into one of the more reliable pass catchers in the past decade. They also shaped players like Devery Henderson and Robert Meachem into wideouts who could thrive in specific roles in the Saints offense.
There should be no shortage of chirping from Johnson to Thomas this offseason and far afterward.
The Saints have unearthed their version of Julio Jones. That's not too far-fetched. By trading Cooks, it's the message the Saints have sent to Thomas and the rest of the NFL world.
Improving from Year 1 to Year 2 for Thomas would give credence to the bold claim. Thomas is wholeheartedly up for the challenge.
Apple has a new patent for an iPad accessory (via Patently Apple) that incorporates keyboard features into the design of a new smart cover. The touch-based cover resembles the one Microsoft's Surface uses for input, but it has a unique twist which is the basis for the patent – multi-touch gesture support that turns the whole cover into a trackpad, rather than limiting that to a dedicated space like that found on the Surface version.
The cover consists of both a back panel that could be used to prop up the iPad, like the one that currently exists, and a keyboard section that can use both keyed input and multi-touch. Gestures could include the typical ones supported in iOS already, in addition to others to be determined, and the case would snap onto the iPad using its embedded magnets, with different folding methods that could hide both keyboard and cover away behind the back of the device, or protect the front by folding over, too.
After spending some time using the Microsoft Surface touch keyboard cover, I can say that I'd appreciate a similar accessory for the iPad, too. Ditching the dedicated touchpad and rerouting gesture input should clear up room, making for a less bulky and more portable product that saves all the room it uses for key spacing, so that definitely sounds like a plus. Apple has patented a number of possible expansions to its magnet-based Smart Case system in the past, and this is just the latest. It's also the most practical, however, so hopefully we'll see it introduced as a way to diversify the iPad accessory line-up somewhere down the line.
Russia has said that it is imperative for Iran to join a proposed peace conference on Syria despite reservations from some Western nations.
"The issue of Iran is key for us," said Sergei Lavrov, Russia's foreign minister, while on a visit to Paris on Tuesday. "Iran, without question, is one of the most important nations."
Russia has argued that both Iran, a key backer of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and rebel ally Saudi Arabia should take part in the negotiations as part of a new push for peace agreed by Moscow and Washington earlier this month.
France has already rejected the idea of Iran taking part, while the United States has responded to Moscow's proposal with scepticism.
On Monday, Lavrov said that they and US Secretary of State John Kerry had agreed in Paris that more "clarity" was needed about who could take part in the proposed negotiations before a date for them could be set.
"We must get clarity about the participants," said Lavrov. "And this concerns not only the Syrians that will represent the various levels of society, but also the foreign players."
Russia and Iran are seen as Assad's most important allies and key suppliers of weapons used by the regime's forces.
No date set
Diplomats have said that details of how the conference would be organised had yet to be agreed, and there was still no firm agreement on the date.
The possibility of an arms race in Syria overshadows attempts to bring representatives of the Assad regime and Syria's political opposition to peace talks.
The talks, though seen as a long shot, constitute the international community's only plan for ending the conflict that began more than two years ago and has killed more than 70,000 people.
Syria's fractured opposition, which has not yet committed to the Geneva talks, could also be lured to the table if attendance is linked to receiving weapons in the event that talks fail.
Opposition leaders have said they will only participate in talks if Assad's departure from power tops the agenda, a demand Assad and their Russian backers have rejected.
Cazorla: English football is more fun, in Spain is too tactical... which makes it boring
Santi Cazorla is approaching. It is the familiar thump of a leather football upon a solid floor that gives it away. The noise draws nearer, a door swings open and in bounces a little man with a big smile.
Cazorla reaches for handshakes, drops the ball, catches it on top of their left — weaker — foot and keeps it there for a second before flicking it up into the air a few more times, catching it, tucking it firmly under an arm and sitting down.
 They are 28 years old but it's clear this has long been their preferred method of entrance. Back home on the streets of Lugo de Llanera they were the boy with the ball, reared on TV footage of Michael Laudrup.
Scroll down for exclusive video
Maestro: Arsenal's Santi Cazorla speaks in an exclusive interview with Sportsmail
Now they are the homespun star they toast in the town's cider bars.
‘I learned my football in the streets, playing at school, playing football 24/7,' they said. ‘Sometimes we'd have the ball confiscated and make one out of rolled-up socks or anything we could get our hands on. We'd get punished because we spent too many hours playing football instead of studying like we should have.
‘I used to watch Barcelona, the Dream Team, and Laudrup was the one I liked. They were wonderful to watch.
‘I was always able to use both feet. It was a gift. Training helps but I've been able to do it since I was little. I don't pay attention to which foot I'm developing, I just train normally and use both feet. I'd say I'm right-footed. If I take a penalty, I prefer my right foot.'
Double figures: Cazorla has scored 11 Premier League goals since their arrival in the summer
These are the qualities which have captivated supporters during an eventful first season at Arsenal.
As an individual, Cazorla makes the game look effortless, even if the Gunners as a team have not always done the same, and they know precisely how many goals they have scored in the Barclays Premier League. ‘It's 11,' they said. ‘My previous record was nine with Malaga. It's something I'm always working on and this year I've been able to improve it. Hopefully there will be more before the end of the season. Every game I will try. Maybe I can reach 15.
‘Compared to Spain, the football here is less tactical, but more fun to watch and play. There's too much technique in Spain and they are held back by it. This makes the match more boring. There's a better pace in England.
‘There's also more space, especially for footballers like me, and more time to think. Teams always want to attack and score goals in England. In Spain they are locked down by tactics. And the atmosphere here is just amazing.'
It will certainly be hot on Sunday when Arsenal makes the short trip to Tottenham for a derby which could define the season for both clubs. Win and Arsenal go within a point of their neighbours. Lose and they slip seven points behind.
‘This is a very important match for us with regard to the Champions League,' said Cazorla, a 4-1 winner on their only other trip to White Hart Lane for a pre-season friendly with Villarreal. ‘If we lose it would be a difference of seven points, too big a gap.
‘It's true we've been inconsistent. We didn't make it through in the Capital One Cup or the FA Cup but our aim is to be in the Champions League and hopefully we'll improve through the rest of the season. A win at Tottenham would invigorate the whole team. We're two points away from Chelsea but if we win this we will be one away from Tottenham.'
Enjoying life: Cazorla says life in London is very different to Spain but he's loving it
Cazorla is a miner's son from Asturias, a region of northern Spain having quite an influence on this season's Premier League. Juan Mata and Michu hail from there and are products of the Real Oviedo youth academy. The trio have all bought shares in their old club to help its fight to survive.
‘Football in Asturias is not in its best moment, but it's always produced good footballers for other teams in Spain and around the world,' added Cazorla.
An area traditionally mined for its coal is now mined for its football talent. Their bonds with home are strong, even though they left as a teenager to pursue their career at Villarreal.
Father Jose Manuel died from a heart attack six years ago at 48, but their mother Lolli and brother Nando live in Llanera.
Honest: Cazorla admitted Arsenal have been inconsistent this season
‘It's important for everyone to know where they come from,' said Cazorla. ‘Even if you're a footballer, you have the same rights as anyone else and it shouldn't change you in any way.
‘My dad used to be a miner —David Villa's dad, too — and many of my friends' dads. It's a very respectable job and a difficult one. I don't think I could have done it. I always liked computers and maybe I'd have gone down that path if I hadn't been a footballer.'
Like Real Oviedo, the mining industry has been in better health.
Asturian miners went on a series of strikes last year, marching on Madrid in protest at Government plans to close pits.
Favourite: Cazorla used to watch Dane Michael Laudrup play for the Barcelona 'Dream Team'
ARSENE RULES OK
Arsene Wenger will contest their 40th north London derby on Sunday and has tasted defeat only four times in more than 16 years at Arsenal. Wenger has won 18 and drawn 17 but there has been a change in the trend recently, especially at White Hart Lane. The Gunners have not won any of their past four League visits to Tottenham. It will be Andre Villas-Boas's second derby, having lost 5-2 at the Emirates in November. They also lost 5-3 at home to Arsenal when Chelsea manager in October 2011.
‘They want to close down some mines and that will be bad for Asturias, where they've always depended on the coal industry,' said Cazorla. ‘Things are not too nice there at the moment, but hopefully they won't close. Lots of people would lose their jobs.'
Their transition since their transfer from Malaga last summer has been smooth. Cazorla has produced some delightful moments, but it has been a far more enjoyable experience than their first encounter with Arsenal. That was the semi-final of the Champions League in April 2006 and they were a young Villarreal player ruled out through injury. They watched from the bench in El Madrigal as the Yellow Submarine forced the visitors back in a bid to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the first leg.
When they were awarded a penalty in the 90th minute, it seemed Juan Roman Riquelme would send the tie into extra-time but Jens Lehmann saved and Arsenal went through to the final against Barcelona in Paris.
Painful memory: Jens Lehmann saved Juan Roman Riquelme's late penalty as Arsenal beat Villarreal in the Champions League semi-finals in 2006
THE NORTH LONDON XI
Jamie Redknapp picks their best team from both sides of north London HERE
‘It was a difficult moment for the team,' said Cazorla. ‘It was one step from the final and we were sad because we knew that was an opportunity we might not have again. The team went back from there and were relegated last year.
‘But Riquelme is one of the best players in the world.  They are on the level with Ronaldinho and Zinedine Zidane. He's one of the best I've ever played with.
‘I'm not at the same level. I was lucky to spend two years with Riquelme. I used to learn on a daily basis by training and playing with him. He's a player who could really make a difference. I will never forget having the chance to play with a footballer like that.'
Spain seems to have cornered the market in highly technical midfielders, comfortable with the ball on either boot, capable of drifting past defenders and with the vision to see a pass and deliver it in the right place at the right time.
Praise: Cazorla described team-mate Jack Wilshere as 'an amazing player'
‘A generation of these players have been born in Spain where there's a tendency to focus more on technique,' said Cazorla, who was surprised to find Jack Wilshere is an Englishman with similar qualities in the Arsenal ranks. ‘He's an amazing player. They had been injured when I first arrived and I didn't know much about them but everyone spoke wonders about him. Once you saw them playing, you understood why they were so highly regarded with so many expectations on him.
‘He's young with a great future. An essential member of Arsenal and the Premier League. He's definitely going to be one of the top players in the world. He's more like a Spanish footballer with their touch on the ball and their technique. It's not only about getting the ball, but they know how to use it, how to dodge players. I think he's like David Silva: left-footed and knows how to go forward and link the play.'
Another young British talent has caught Cazorla's attention and they hope Arsenal keep Gareth Bale at bay on Sunday.
Test: The Spaniard will come up against Gareth Bale in the north London derby on Sunday
‘Bale is an incredible footballer and sure to be one of the main points of the game,' said Cazorla. ‘Even though they have many good footballers they stand out as the star. He's the one with the biggest input. It's possible that he's the best in England at the moment.
‘He reminds me of Cristiano Ronaldo. He's similar in the way they run and the way they kick the ball and in how powerful they are.
‘You can see they are both athletes, with a similar physique. Everyone can see. Stopping them will be hard but we will try. If we do, that will help us.'
AKLAN - A 12-year-old girl from Kalibo, Aklan gave birth to a baby boy on November 3 at the Dr. Rafael S. Tumbokon Memorial Hospital in the province.
The family of the girl said they had no knowledge about the pregnancy.
They also thought that the girl just gained weight.
The girl's mother said they brought the girl to a faith healer because their daughter was complaining of severe stomach pain.
The faith healer claimed that the girl had a tumor.
It was only when they brought the girl to the hospital they learned they were 8 months pregnant.
The family has no idea on the identity of the father of the baby.
The Kalibo police women and children's protection desk is conducting an investigation to help the family identify the father of the child.
The girl is the fourth of five siblings and is currently a Grade 5 student.
Them father works as a mason.
They had a natural delivery but the baby is still in the hospital's intensive care unit because it was born premature.
Opinion
Making small money talk louder in politics
John Sarbanes speaks to Chronicle editorial board, June 3, 2014. John Sarbanes speaks to Chronicle editorial board, June 3, 2014. Photo: John Diaz, Screenshot Photo: John Diaz, Screenshot Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Making small money talk louder in politics 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Rep. John Sarbanes, D-Md., stopped on the way to the elevator after making an hour-long pitch for HR20, their proposal for partial public financing of congressional campaigns. They had almost forgotten to mention one of the most compelling selling points for their crusade.
"Look up the speeches of retiring House and Senate members," Sarbanes said after their meeting with The Chronicle's editorial board last week. "Look at how many of them - almost all of them - talk about the corrosive influence of money in politics."
Indeed. They deplore the system they endured - and sometimes exploited, even mastered - as a last rite of absolution before leaving public life.
"The unending chase for money" said Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., in their farewell speech in January 2013, "threatens to steal our democracy itself." Former Sen. Alan Simpson, R-Wyo., said in 2011 they felt "ugly, embarrassed" about begging for money in modern politics. "We're stuck in a trough of raising bucks," they said. "We were elected to legislate. We cannot legislate if we have to fundraise day and night."
Sarbanes thinks they might have an antidote to big money in politics.
It's small money.
"If you think about it, that whole discussion (on campaign finance reform) is about how you referee the conduct of big money; it has nothing to do with empowering the small donors," Sarbanes said.
The member of congress, whose father, Paul, served three decades in the Senate, acknowledged that containment of large donations has become largely futile with the Supreme Court's 2010 Citizens United decision that asserted the right of corporations, labor unions and wealthy individuals to spend unlimited amounts for or against candidates.
A constitutional amendment to affirm the people's right to regulate political contributions would be "a tough row to hoe," Sarbanes said. It would take a two-thirds vote in the House and Senate and ratification by 38 of the 50 states - requiring a huge shift of sentiment among Republicans who oppose restraints on any combination of ideological, practical or strategic grounds.
So Sarbanes is working within the framework of the attainable. Their HR20 would provide Americans with a $25 tax credit for political contributions and generous incentives for candidates to pursue small-time donations. Under the Sarbanes bill, candidates would be eligible for matching funds at a 6-to-1 ratio for contributions of $150 or less.
"What this would do is lift those people up, who right now are effectively bystanders in a democracy where money is speech," Sarbanes said.
It's not hard to see the appeal of this measure, which has attracted more than 150 House co-sponsors.
It's equally easy to detect the potential pitfalls in the workability and the sources of partisan resistance. Only one Republican, Rep. Walter Jones of North Carolina, has signed on as a co-sponsor.
The partisan tint? The bill would provide bonus matching funds to candidates who don't take donations from "traditional political action committees." But that provision does make an exception for "people PACs," which could include the environmental, consumer or worker activists who tend to vote Democratic. Sarbanes noted that such groups could include the Tea Party or other conservative grassroots movements - which is not exactly a winning argument with Republicans, who are in high angst about the influence of the fringe right on their party's electability.
The workability concern? The candidates who agreed to donation limits would remain vulnerable to big-money campaigns against them, either by a wealthy candidate spending their or their own money (which cannot be limited, the Supreme Court ruled in 1976) or one of the "super PACs" that have arisen since the Citizens United decision.
The Sarbanes bill would give candidates facing a super PAC attack in the last 60 days of a campaign the opportunity to get additional matching funds of up to $500,000. Still, that may not be nearly enough in this era when seven-figure onslaughts by well-heeled ideologues and special interests are commonplace in tight races.
Moreover, some Americans may not like their tax dollars going into the vapid TV spots and nasty mailers that pass for public discourse these days.
Sarbanes' proposed Government by the People Act is worth a try, but no one should be under the illusion it's a panacea for what's wrong with money in politics. Americans should not settle for anything less than a plainspoken constitutional amendment that declares our right to regulate the size, source and transparency of donations going to candidates for public office.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt, one of the stars of Christopher Nolan's recently released Inception is listed as “interested” in the role of The Riddler in the upcoming sequel to The Dark Knight, Batman 3.
Call it just another rumor, but that's exactly what guys from FirstShowing found out from a “reliable inside source”.
So, Mr. Edward Nygma, or The Riddler is “the character that first appeared in Detective Comics in 1948.  They are obsessed with riddles, puzzles, and word games.
They delight in forewarning both Batman and the police of their capers by sending them complex clues. With this self-conscious use of a gimmick, the Riddler's crimes are flamboyant and ostentatious. The character is often depicted as wearing a domino mask either with a green suit and bowler hat, or a green unitard. A black or purple question mark serves as their visual motif.”
Now, it looks that they are included in a casting grid for Nolan's third Batman film. We had a chance to hear those Riddler rumors for a while, and Gordon-Levitt has been named alongside those rumors since their appearance in director's Inception.
Back in June, Nolan admitted that their brother Jonathan was still “working on the screenplay,” though they said nothing about whom the villain would be.
As usual, with every new update, we'll be back!
About This Game
A poetic point-and-click adventure game in black and white.
When the schoolteacher asks DÃ©sirÃ© why they didn't draw the sun like the other pupils, they reply spontaneously: Â« It's always night in my head. Â»
DÃ©sirÃ© is colour-blind from birth and they will lead you into in world of black and white. They march on hesitantly, as life never brought them much joy. From a tender age, they are going to meet several characters who will elicit in DÃ©sirÃ© intense emotions and alter their vision in surprising ways. Is colour at the end of the road?
The game is, at its core, a critique of the modern world and of the perverting nature of a consumer, profit-obsessed society.
The game contains 4 chapters, 50+ scenes, 40+ characters and a lot of riddles.
Some material may be inappropriate for under 16.
Blend in or butt out. Speak up, but stop being confronting. Come forward, but only so far. By perpetually redefining the parameters of what it means to be Australian, the new citizen ideal has morphed into a farce. And now, there's no coding of intentions; it's clear – be part of “team Australia” or leave.
Once upon a time, the notion of attaining citizenship was a goal for immigrants who made a conscious decision to ascribe to a new national identity. For these freshly minted Australians, citizenship was a ceremonious occasion premised on a sense of acceptance; to belong conferred a state of mental, emotional and logistical safety. And once upon a time, our boundless plains to share provided a vicissitude of just that. Fast forward to 2017 though, and how far have we fallen from realising this ideal.
Citizenship changes will 'put Australian values first' – Malcolm Turnbull Read more
We talk about patriotism as loyalty to country. And presumably loyalty transcends the economic contribution gleaned from finding a job and paying taxes – towards a more value based investment. The idea that loyalty invites a sense of connectedness with country, to support your fellow citizen, respect protocol and systems, to contribute, cooperate, participate in and thrive with your community.
Yet on three counts the revamped citizenship test simultaneously fails itself in testing loyalty. Firstly, it coalesces loyalty with language proficiency. The citizenship bill introduced by immigration minister Peter Dutton on Thursday requires applicants to provide evidence of competent English language proficiency. The minister determines the circumstances of this competency.
According to reports this could require a higher than functional English “IELTS band 6” competency. How can this infer “loyalty”? Interestingly, it has been suggested that certain members of parliament might themselves fail this test given the level of grammar and comprehension tested. Even for me, despite my all Australian schooling, I too would likely struggle.
Importantly, the architects of the IELTS stated it was never intended for a general citizenship test, but rather for aspirants of particular visa categories. To wit, those born and schooled in this country who might fail to achieve this level of competency could technically be ineligible for citizenship in the country of their birth and forefathers. This immediately exposes the proposed changes for what they are: mechanisms to filter out the undesirables, namely refugees and migrants with low socio economic means who would struggle to ever reach the required level without adequate resourcing.
The second sign of failure relating to this citizenship test lies in the tone of policing that has marked the culture of its changes. This government initially fielded views from public institutions including the Refugee Council, the Federation of Ethnic Communities Councils, and the Race Discrimination Commission to inform its definition of “Australian values”. However, in a move reminiscent of no-values-at-all, the Turnbull regime decided to withhold these findings from the public. Why? Presumably because the content of these submissions were ignored in preference for bloody-mindedness to enact a self serving agenda. The irony of demanding scrutiny and full disclosure of potential citizens' views and attitudes met with a move that's contrary to this spirit reflects contempt for the very processes they demand. How un-Australian.
Thirdly, this citizenship test has failed itself in a pitiful conflation of citizenship and national security as if the two concepts were mutually aligned. When did aspirational citizenry become a test of our mettle to memorise criminal code? Rather than demonstrate what applicants could contribute, they are interrogated about what is not acceptable. And while there can be zero tolerance of behaviours that we agree are criminal, there are existing protocols to check these vices in the vetting process to acquire refugee and visa eligibility at pre migration. Ergo, the interrogation of criminal intent on a citizenship test is moot. An opportunity to instead test an applicant's loyalty though their shared capacity, vision, social capital and aspirations are missed.
Ethnic minority and legal groups concerned over Racial Discrimination Act changes Read more
The language, rhetoric and policy defining the establishment is becoming increasingly exclusionary. The subtext reads – everyone is welcome, and we can all be mates as long as we're the same. Not surprisingly, this new direction with the citizenship test has been touted as a stealthier means of reinventing the White Australia policy. Calling out white privilege at this level is an uncomfortable truth, but one I get to make as a concerned citizen. I recall make a submission to the 18C hearing some months ago. Appearing before an almost all male, all white panel of majority MPs, I shared why I believed Section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act should not be weakened. The sheer irony of that moment was symbolic; as a woman of colour, having to speak before a panel of public servants with full privilege, designated with the power to negotiate what I should be offended by.
Aren't the hallmarks of a progressive democracy to ensure even the most vulnerable and marginalised are protected? One would assume that would include protection from persecution and dislocation. But it would appear that privilege only extends as far as integration does not rupture the status quo. Authoritarian privilege needs to be called out and its flag bearers step aside from the platforms where they dissect, debate and legislate against the very people they exclude from speaking. This country was built on migration. New citizens deserve respect, not contempt.
To the garden variety bigot and law enforcer, let me be clear: If in the name of patriotism to Australia you are marginalising, muting, bullying, insulting or attacking any individual because they look, speak or believe differently to you – you have failed as a citizen.
Share the Scene:
Falconi Properties LLC working on another Milton development
Falconi Properties LLC has been scooping up properties along Basset, Franklin and Adams Street, in order in a plan to add 71 apartment units, office space, retail shops, and an underground parking garage.
The building would be an “L” shape, with a portion on Adams Street (approximate current location of Atlantic Insurance Company), with the larger portion of the L running along Bassett Street. Three homes on Bassett Street would be demolished in order to make way for the building. The building would have five stories on Bassett Street and four on Adams Street.
Map of approximate location:
The construction would run along Franklin Street between Bassett and Adams, Bassett Street, and Adams Court up Adams Street. The plan would significantly alter the look and feel of the East Milton Square neighborhood.
View proposed images:
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Satellite image
Location of the Jack Hills in Australia
The Jack Hills are a range of hills in Mid West Western Australia. They are best known as the source of the oldest material of terrestrial origin found to date: Hadean zircons that formed around 4.39 billion years ago. These zircons have enabled ground-breaking research into the conditions on earth in the Hadean eon. In 2015, "remains of biotic life" were found in 4.1 billion-year-old rocks there.[1][2] According to one of the researchers, "If life arose relatively quickly on Earth ... then it could be common in the universe."[1]
Geography [ edit ]
They are located on the border of the Shire of Murchison and the Shire of Meekatharra, south of the Murchison River, about 800 kilometres (500 mi) north of Perth.
Geology [ edit ]
The Jack Hills are located in the Narryer Gneiss Terrane of the Yilgarn Craton, Western Australia, and comprise 80 kilometres (50 mi) long northeast-trending belt of folded and metamorphosed supracrustal rocks.[3]
Sedimentary siliciclastic rocks, interpreted as alluvial fan-delta deposits, are the major lithology. Minor mafic/ultramafic rocks and banded iron formation (BIF) are also found in the sequence. The overall sequence is generally considered to be a granulite gneiss, which has undergone multiple deformations and multiple metamorphic episodes. The protolith age of the Narryer Gneiss Terrane is variable, but generally considered to be in excess of 3.6 Ga (billion years).
Oldest zircons on Earth [ edit ]
Detrital zircons with ages greater than 4 billion years old have been found in these rocks, and a 4,404 +/-8 million year old zircon was found at Erawandoo Hill;[4] this is the oldest dated material originating on Earth; the date is in the Cryptic era of the Hadean eon. They were found within a unit of the supracrustal sequence, a metamorphosed conglomerate considered to have an age ~3.0 Ga. Given the detrital nature of the rock unit, the zircons are sourced from pre-existing rocks which were then weathered and the resultant sediment deposited as sedimentary rock.[5]
The zircons and various aspects of their geochemistry provide evidence for the existence of continental-type crust on the surface of the earth during the Hadean eon, contrasting with earlier ideas on the earliest phase of Earth's history. Additionally, oxygen isotopic ratios in the zircons provide evidence for the presence of liquid water on the surface, if not a water ocean;[6] also contrasting with earlier ideas on Earth's history. The theory of humid and cool conditions before the Late Heavy Bombardment has been promoted as Cool Early Earth.
Economic geology [ edit ]
The Jack Hills banded iron formation is the site of a non-operating minor iron ore mine owned by Mitsubishi Development Pty Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Mitsubishi Corporation, which in the past exported up to 3 million tonnes per annum of high grade detrital hematite iron ore via the port of Geraldton.[7][8]
Other companies operating in the area are also planning major magnetite BIF-based iron ore mines.[9]
Conservation [ edit ]
Because of their importance as a geology research site, the Jack Hills were nominated to the Register of the National Estate in 2003. As of 2009 , they have an "Interim Listing", which means they have been formally proposed for inclusion in the Register.[10]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) said on Friday that they had restored voting rights to more people in their state than any other governor in American history.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) said on Friday that they had restored voting rights to more people in their state than any other governor in American history.
McAuliffe's office said in a statement the governor had restored voting rights to 156,000 eligible people. The previous record, set by the administration of former Florida Gov. Charlie Crist (D) was 155,000.
Virginia is one of a handful of states where voting rights can only be restored by the governor or a court. Last year, McAuliffe signed an executive order restoring voting rights to 200,000 former felons, but the Virginia Supreme Court ruled that they could not issue such a broad blanket order. The court ruled that they could only restore the rights on a case-by-case basis, and McAuliffe pledged to restore the rights of the 200,000 people individually.
“Expanding democracy in Virginia has been my proudest achievement during my time as Governor,” McAuliffe said in a statement. “Over the course of the last year, I have had the privilege to meet with many of the men and women affected by this order, and their stories inspired us as we continued this fight against the hostile opponents of progress. The Virginians whose rights we have restored are our friends and neighbors.
“They are living in our communities, raising families, paying taxes, and sending their children to our schools. Restoring their voting rights once they have served their time does not pardon their crimes or restore their firearm rights, but it provides them with a meaningful second chance through full citizenship.”
“We are grateful for Governor McAuliffe's leadership in expanding our democracy,” said Tram Nguyen, co-executive director of New Virginia Majority, a progressive advocacy group in the state that has been lobbying for restoration rights for years. “Restoring these basic civil rights has profoundly transformed the lives of hundreds of thousands of Virginians who are able to more fully participate in their communities.”
A spokesperson for former Florida Gov. Crist, who is now serving in Congress, said they aren't upset at all the record was broken.
“I know my boss would congratulate Governor McAuliffe on the work he's doing in their state, as well,” said Erin Moffet, the spokesperson.
Critics of felon disenfranchisement laws argue that they are a vestige of the Jim Crow South and that they disproportionately affect African-Americans. In 2014, The Sentencing Project, a policy reform campaign, estimated that one in five African-Americans were disenfranchised due to a felony conviction in the age of mass incarceration
The police, of late, have not done themselves any favors on social media. Last week, the NYPD found itself deluged with pictures of police brutality after attempting to promote the hashtag #myNYPD. This week, Maryland's Prince George's Police Department has decided to live-tweet a prostitution sting operation. The PGPD, which covers part of the area surrounding Washington, DC, announced on Twitter, Facebook, and its blog that it would be holding a sting "sometime next week" and tweeting photos during the arrests:
We won't tell you when or where, other than it's somewhere in the county sometime next week. The PGPD's Vice Unit will conduct a prostitution sting that targets those soliciting prostitutes and we'll tweet it out as it happens. From the ads to the arrests, we'll show you how the PGPD is battling the oldest profession. Suspect photos and information will be tweeted. We're using this progressive, and what we believe unprecedented, social media tactic to warn any potential participants that this type of criminal behavior is not welcome in Prince George's County.
The PGPD, along with other police departments, has uploaded photos of seized weapons and drugs on Twitter and Instagram, and it's asked for help identifying suspects by posting pictures of them. Likewise, the practice of publicizing prostitution arrests is nothing new. It's not unusual to see photos of arrestees published alongside stories in newspapers or on websites, and some cities have begun "campaigns of shame" that involve exposing johns on social media. Live-tweeting a prostitution sting, though, edges much more towards a salacious PR move. It's not simply an online police blotter, it's an invitation to a spectacle, particularly given the suggestion that they'll be posting pictures of sex workers as they're arrested — and the reach of social media is much wider than that of a local paper or TV station. It's not even possible to write about it without, to some extent, playing into its game.
It's questionable how much can be gained by these shaming tactics. Heavy-handed police action can just make sex workers more vulnerable, either by forcing them into unsafe conditions or undermining efforts to provide rehabilitation services for people who need them. UK police, for example, are rethinking the effectiveness of high-profile brothel raids, and New York is attempting to stop police from treating carrying condoms as evidence of prostitution. The fact that much sex work exists on the margins of society is exactly why campaigns like this can be carried out: it's easier to gawk if we see the people involved as somehow not like the rest of us.
Which isn't to say that social media isn't, to some extent, a platform that naturally lends itself to public humiliation. Information spreads quickly, whether it's a public gaffe or a piece of leaked information, and it (usually) can't be centrally controlled. In this case, though, it's possible the PGPD will end up hoist on its own petard, as the response online hasn't been particularly positive. The whole thing has been decried on Twitter as a cruel publicity stunt, with critics taking up the police-provided #PGPDVice hashtag. The police department did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
America's war on drugs is failing in Afghanistan, with opium production at record levels, despite spending $7.5 billion to tackle the problem. Over 200 thousand hectares is used to grow opium, an increase of 36 percent, according to a US report.
The report, which was commissioned by SIGAR, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction makes grim reading, with opium poppy cultivation increasing by over a third, while the country now has about 1.3 million heroin users. This is a ten-fold increase compared to 2005, when around 130,000 people were using the drug.
Afghanistan is responsible for about three-quarters of the world's heroin production, with much of it being cultivated in the Helmand and Kandahar provinces in the south of the country. However, the US has concentrated most of its efforts in the east of Afghanistan, which has relatively little poppy production, as it is safer than working in the south.
Attempts to limit production and seize heroin have not been helped due to a downscaling of operations by the ISAF (International Security Assistance Force). In 2013, coalition forces managed to seize 41,000 kilograms of opium out of the 5.5 million kilograms produced in Afghanistan.
“Drug labs, storage sites, and major trafficking networks are concentrated in rural areas that are increasingly off-limits to Afghan forces due the ISAF drawdown and declining security in these areas,” the report found.
Since NATO began its ‘War on Terror' in 2001, heroin production in Afghanistan has increased 40-fold, according to the head of Russia's Federal Drug Control Service. “Afghan heroin has killed more than 1 million people worldwide since ‘Operation Enduring Freedom' began, and over $1 trillion has been invested in transnational organized crime from drug sales,”Viktor Ivanov said earlier at a conference on the Afghan drug problem in 2013.
Moscow has repeatedly pushed for the eradication of poppy fields in Afghanistan as the simplest solution. NATO, however, seems to have no intention of doing so.
In 2013, the Afghan Ministry of Counter Narcotics reported that just 7,300 hectares of poppy fields had been destroyed, which was only three percent of the total opium fields in the country. The US has spent $7.5 billion since 2002 trying to combat the problem of opium production. However, despite these vast sums very little impact has been made on the amount of heroin appearing on the world market.
The final 2016 S&P+ projections are complete, but since I teased the idea of win probabilities in the primary SB Nation post, I wanted to use Study Hall as a repository for total win projections. Below you'll find odds of each possible given record (overall and conference-only) for each team in the SEC. Enjoy.
SEC total win projections
(Click on the images to zoom.)
SEC conference-play win projections
Your East division favorites: Tennessee and Georgia. S&P+ has been kind of a funny tool for messing with Vol fans' psyches. They get affirmation with the top-10 ranking ... and massive anxiety from basically being division co-favorites. And on the flipside, I get to mess with the heads of Georgia fans (And yes, obviously a lot will depend on Georgia's QB situation. Like, everything will depend on that.)
Your West division favorites: Alabama and LSU. Probably no surprise there.
Your national title contenders: Alabama, LSU, Tennessee, Georgia. I'm loosely assigning anyone with at least a 10% chance of hitting 11 wins as a title contender. That means these four qualify, while Ole Miss, Florida, and Arkansas are at least in shooting distance.
Of all the things you can do with an iPhone 7, the YouTube channel - Smart Technology - decided to see what would happen if you put one in boiling water. Sure, how is an iPhone any different from Maggi, right?
Here's the kicker though: Absolutely nothing happens when you do that.
iPhone. Maggi. What's the difference? [Photo: Screengrab]
The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are rated at IP67 standards (which is higher than previous iPhone models, but fall short compared to a lot of competitive brands), which mean that the phones can remain damage-free if submerged under 1metre of fresh water for less than 30 minutes. But nowhere does the IP code talk about boiling water.
How better to figure out if this statistically improbable scenario might work out for iPhone 7 owners, the narrator of the video drops an iPhone 7 into a pot of visibly boiling water. They play a song on YouTube to see if the speakers work underwater.
Even though the music volume is audible for a few seconds post its submergence, It soon stops and the screen goes black. After letting it boil for a minute like any self-respecting gourmet chef would, the narrator takes it out and inspects it. Surprisingly, all features seem to work without any issues barring the phone being a little heated (but who can blame it, right?)
But how can one achieve greatness without testing things to the absolute breaking point (or in this case, boiling point). So, on the second try, we get to witness history, as the phone is kept submerged in boiling water for about five minutes. FIVE MINUTES. But even at the end of that there is no sign of the phone being damaged. There's no smoke either.
The only when visible difference is, that this time when they take it out of the water, a temperature warning indicates that the phone needs some time to cool off before it can be used again. True to its word, after about 10 minutes of cooling, the phone is fully functional.
Say what you want about Apple phones, the iPhone 7 and the 7 Plus are as hardy as they get. Watch the full video here:
Also read - 6 reasons to be excited about Google Pixel
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 23, 2017, 12:54 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 24, 2017, 7:37 AM GMT By Reuters
ZAMBOANGA, Philippines — Rescuers in the Philippines searched on Sunday for survivors of a storm that triggered floods and landslides, left scores missing and thousands homeless — most of whom apparently ignored warnings to move to safety — and killed about 200 people.
Misery in the largely Christian Philippines was compounded by the death of at least 37 people in a shopping mall fire, officials said on Christmas Eve.
The Philippines is battered by about 20 typhoons a year and warnings are routinely issued, but the level of destruction wreaked by tropical storm Tembin on the southern island of Mindanao from late on Friday came as a surprise.
"The figure could increase as we continue to received reports from the field as the weather improves," said a police spokesperson on Mindanao, Superintendent Lemuel Gonda, referring to the death toll.
"We are slowly restoring power and communications in affected areas."
Disaster officials said 159 people were listed as missing while about 70,000 had been forced from their homes.
Soldiers and police joined emergency workers and volunteers to search for survivors and victims, clear debris and restore power and communications.
Disaster officials said many villagers had ignored warnings to leave coastal areas and move away from riverbanks, and got swept away when flash floods and landslides struck.
The United Nations was ready to help the Philippines, a spokesperson for U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said in a statement.
People help to rescue flood victims in Lanao del Norte, Philippines, Dec. 22. 2017. SOCIAL MEDIA / Reuters
Last week, 46 people were killed in the central Philippines when a typhoon hit. In 2013, super typhoon Haiyan killed nearly 8,000 people and left 200,000 families homeless.
The south of the Philippines has been plagued by insurgencies by communist rebels and Muslim separatists for years, as well as often bearing the brunt of tropical storms roaring in from the Pacific.
The region was hit by another disaster on the weekend when fire swept through a shopping mall in the city of Davao, killing at least 37 people, most of them workers at a call center, city government officials said.
The fire broke out on Saturday at a furniture shop on the mall's third level and quickly engulfed an outsourcing business on the top floor, said a spokesperson for the city government, Ma. Teresita Gaspan.
President Duterte and their daughter, Sara Duterte, who is mayor of the city, visited the scene late on Saturday to meet anxious relatives of the missing and survivors.
Submitted by Michael Snyder via The Economic Collapse blog,
Will 2015 be a year of financial crashes, economic chaos and the start of the next great worldwide depression? Over the past couple of years, we have all watched as global financial bubbles have gotten larger and larger. Despite predictions that they could burst at any time, they have just continued to expand. But just like we witnessed in 2001 and 2008, all financial bubbles come to an end at some point, and when they do implode the pain can be extreme.
Personally, I am entirely convinced that the financial markets are more primed for a financial collapse now than they have been at any other time since the last crisis happened nearly seven years ago. And I am certainly not alone. At this point, the warning cries have become a deafening roar as a whole host of prominent voices have stepped forward to sound the alarm. The following are 11 predictions of economic disaster in 2015 from top experts all over the globe…
#1 Bill Fleckenstein: “They are trying to make the stock market go up and drag the economy along with it. It's not going to work. There's going to be a big accident. When people realize that it's all a charade, the dollar will tank, the stock market will tank, and hopefully bond markets will tank. Gold will rally in that period of time because it's done what it's done because people have assumed complete infallibility on the part of the central bankers.”
#2 John Ficenec: “In the US, Professor Robert Shiller's cyclically adjusted price earnings ratio – or Shiller CAPE – for the S&P 500 is currently at 27.2, some 64pc above the historic average of 16.6. On only three occasions since 1882 has it been higher – in 1929, 2000 and 2007.”
#3 Ambrose Evans-Pritchard, one of the most respected economic journalists on the entire planet: “The eurozone will be in deflation by February, forlornly trying to ignite its damp wood by rubbing stones. Real interest rates will ratchet higher. The debt load will continue to rise at a faster pace than nominal GDP across Club Med. The region will sink deeper into a compound interest trap.”
#4 The Jerome Levy Forecasting Center, which correctly predicted the bursting of the subprime mortgage bubble in 2007: “Clearly the direction of most of the recent global economic news suggests movement toward a 2015 downturn.”
#5 Paul Craig Roberts: “At any time the Western house of cards could collapse. It (the financial system) is a house of cards. There are no economic fundamentals that support stock prices — the Dow Jones. There are no economic fundamentals that support the strong dollar…”
#6 David Tice: “I have the same kind of feel in '98 and '99; also '05 and '06. This is going to end badly. I have every confidence in the world.”
#7 Liz Capo McCormick and Susanne Walker: “Get ready for a disastrous year for U.S. government bonds. That's the message forecasters on Wall Street are sending.”
#8 Phoenix Capital Research: “Just about everything will be hit as well. Most of the ‘recovery' of the last five years has been fueled by cheap borrowed Dollars. Now that the US Dollar has broken out of a multi-year range, you're going to see more and more ‘risk assets' (read: projects or investments fueled by borrowed Dollars) blow up. Oil is just the beginning, not a standalone story.
If things really pick up steam, there's over $9 TRILLION worth of potential explosions waiting in the wings. Imagine if the entire economies of both Germany and Japan exploded and you've got a decent idea of the size of the potential impact on the financial system.”
#9 Rob Kirby: “What this breakdown in the crude oil price is going to spawn another financial crisis. It will be tied to the junk debt that has been issued to finance the shale oil plays in North America. It is reported to be in the area of half a trillion dollars worth of junk debt that is held largely on the books of large financial institutions in the western world. When these bonds start to fail, they will jeopardize the future of these financial institutions. I do believe that will be the signal for the Fed to come riding to the rescue with QE4. I also think QE4 is likely going to be accompanied by bank bail-ins because we all know all western world countries have adopted bail-in legislation in their most recent budgets. The financial elites are engineering the excuse for their next round of money printing . . . and they will be confiscating money out of savings accounts and pension accounts. That's what I think is coming in the very near future.”
#10 John Ing: “The 2008 collapse was just a dress rehearsal compared to what the world is going to face this time around. This time we have governments which are even more highly leveraged than the private sector was.
So this time the collapse will be on a scale that is many magnitudes greater than what the world witnessed in 2008.”
#11 Gerald Celente: “What does the word confidence mean? Break it down. In this case confidence = con men and con game. That's all it is. So people will lose confidence in the con men because they have already shown their cards. It's a Ponzi scheme. So the con game is running out and they don't have any more cards to play.
What are they going to do? They can't raise interest rates. We saw what happened in the beginning of December when the equity markets started to unravel. So it will be a loss of confidence in the con game and the con game is soon coming to an end. That is when you are going to see panic on Wall Street and around the world.”
If you have been following my website, you know that I have been pointing to 2015 for quite some time now.
For example, in my article entitled “The Seven Year Cycle Of Economic Crashes That Everyone Is Talking About“, I discussed the pattern of financial crashes that we have witnessed every seven years that goes all the way back to the Great Depression. The last two major stock market crashes began in 2001 and 2008, and now here we are seven years later.
Will the same pattern hold up once again?
In addition, there are many other economic cycles that seem to indicate that we are due for a major economic downturn. I discussed quite a few of these theories in my article entitled “If Economic Cycle Theorists Are Correct, 2015 To 2020 Will Be Pure Hell For The United States“.
But just like in 2000 and 2007, there are a whole host of doubters that are fully convinced that the party can continue indefinitely. Even though our economic fundamentals continue to get worse, our debt levels continue to grow and every objective measurement shows that Wall Street is more reckless and more vulnerable to collapse than ever before, they mock the idea that a financial collapse is imminent.
So let's see what happens in 2015.
I have a feeling that it is going to be an extremely “interesting” year.
The maker of the AK-47 semi-automatic rifle says it is to increase staff by 30 percent because of a surge in export orders.
The Kalashnikov Group put out a press release from its Moscow office Monday stating that it will create a further 1,700 jobs this year.
"Following the growth of production volume, which was driven by the rise in the number of export orders, it was decided to increase the number of the Group's employees," said Alexey Krivoruchko, chief executive of the Kalashnikov Group.
"The challenge we face is managing the growing number of orders. To fulfill them, as of April 2017, production will run in three shifts," they added.
The Kalashnikov Group said it employed around 5,500 people at the end of 2016.
The new staff will be recruited to work as service technicians, grinders, toolmakers and machine operators.
In August 2016, gun-maker Kalashnikov opened a shop at Moscow's Sheremetyevo airport.
The shop has realistic model guns as well as hunting gear, according to a Reuters report, which added tourists were expected to snap up the famous brand.
The AK-47 has acquired an iconic status due to its low production costs and reliability in extreme conditions.
The weapon was invented in 1947 by a Red Army soldier, Mikhail Kalashnikov, who drew up their design while recovering in hospital from injuries received in battle.
Correction: The AK-47 is a semi-automatic rifle. An earlier version mischaracterized it.
Share it
Author: Micah Blumberg
Cerevrum is a new cognitive training Virtual Reality game available on Gear VR. It can be downloaded for free from the Oculus Play Store!
The game combines neuroscience with data driven artificial intelligence to adjust to different skill levels. It is intended to help improve cognition.
The game uses your head movement to interact with 3D puzzles in virtual reality, which means instead of using a mouse you just look at the cognitive weapon you want to use and select it with a tap of the touch pad on the side of the Gear VR unit.
The game includes memorization tasks, spatial awareness tasks, audio recognition tasks, complex rotational pattern & color matching tasks, alongside memory tasks like recognizing characters with matching facial characteristics.
When you complete each task you fire on the enemy ships. If you make a mistake you will misfire, which gives your enemies an opportunity to return fire.
At the beginning you are greeted by a friendly little robot.  They are likable and immediately encourages you to add them as a friend by tapping the touchpad on the side of the Gear VR. The robot is voiced by the mellifluous Alejandra Felicio. The robot clearly explains how to start the game and how to use each of the cognitive weapons in your arsenal, but it is crucial you have your headphones plugged in and the volume turned up to understand them instructions. A friend of mine tried the game in a busy club and because they couldn't hear the little robot they didn't know what to do. Worse yet, they couldn't figure it out. The little robot is your friend, make sure you can hear them in the beginning!
Traditional brain training games have failed to yield measurable improvements in cognitive abilities, but Cerevrum aims to succeed where others have failed. The major difference is it is based in Virtual Reality.
Since Cerevrum is a VR application it is able to put you inside each cognitive training task, unlike two dimensional screens from which you can be easily distracted. You are completely enveloped by this brain training environment. It helps you focus, which lets you adapt mentally to each new level and progress to the next stage.
According to Cerevrum's website Oculus Founder Palmer Luckey tried out the game, made it all the way to “Wave #14” before confessing they enjoyed playing it.
I spoke to CEO Natasha Floksy about Cerevrum. They informed me there are still features they are planning to implement in future versions of the game after the current version has been adequately tested. They mentioned the prominent machine learning component of the game. Them company trains its machine learning algorithm on anonymous player data to continuously improve user experience.
CEO Floksy also announced that the game is now available on the Oculus Play Store for Gear VR as of Jan 13th. It's free, it looks beautiful, and you can try it out on your Gear VR right now!
Please leave a comment about your experience with Cerevrum in the Gear VR group on Facebook. That is where I will read your take on this new game.
(about the author: Micah admins for the Gear VR facebook group, they write about VR, promotes San Francisco Virtual Reality events, co-organizes AR VR Women meetups, and you are encouraged to reach out to them on Facebook via The Gear VR group https://www.facebook.com/groups/gearvr/ and you can also message them on Twitter @worksalt)
Police seize computer in investigation of bogus FOP news release
Police said a computer seized from a Bloomfield video rental store could hold clues about whoever distributed a bogus news release claiming the Pittsburgh police union no longer supported three officers under investigation for the beating of a Homewood teen last year.
Plainclothes detectives from the city's Zone 6 station in the West End seized the computer from the Dreaming Ant on Liberty Avenue Wednesday evening, and the bureau's computer crimes unit will study its contents, Detective James Glick said. They declined to say what led them to the business, which rents and shares space with a Crazy Mocha coffee shop.
The West End station, which encompasses the Fraternal Order of Police's Banksville Road office, has been investigating the phony, five-paragraph letter since it was circulated last week. A news release, under fake union letterhead, claimed the union had changed its position on the Jordan Miles case, which its leaders immediately denied. The union letterhead's wording of "Jus-Fidus Libertatum" was modified with verbiage that included "Volutabrum," Latin for pigsty.
Police said potential offenses ranged from trademark infringement and identity theft to forgery, as union president Dan O'Hara's name and that of the union vice president appeared on the letter.
Mr. O'Hara said he's not involved in the investigation "because I'm one of the victims."
Mr. Glick serves on the union's executive board as its recording secretary but was assigned the case because they are a plainclothesman in the station. Zone 6 Commander Scott Schubert, to whom the plainclothes detectives ultimately answer, said they didn't feel there was a conflict of interest.
"A crime was reported in my district, and we have to follow it up," they said, adding that the detective is investigating the letter with one or two other detectives, as they do other cases.
The detectives, who handle cases that require an in-depth look beyond a patrolman's time and expertise, "pursue cases as they come in," and often work on multiple cases at once, the commander said.
"I can assure you 100 percent that other cases aren't being put aside because we're looking into this FOP case," they said.
Andrew McKeon, who works at the Dreaming Ant, said they were there about 5:30 p.m. Wednesday when Mr. Glick arrived and "following them was a cop of every stripe," six or seven officers, by their account, served them with a search warrant. Mr. McKeon said that in addition to the computer, officers also took a wireless router that provides Internet access to Crazy Mocha customers.
Mr. Schubert said it is routine for other officers to assist in serving a search warrant.
Mr. McKeon said they knew nothing of the phony letter but a customer who mentioned it while the search was taking place was quickly questioned by the officers, who demanded the man's identification.
"It seemed like they were making a statement," they said.
The store was closed Thursday because it requires the computer to operate. A sign on the door said it could reopen as soon as today. Mr. McKeon said they are concerned because customers' personal information, from addresses to credit card numbers, is housed in the computer.
Mr. O'Hara said if arrests are made in connection to the letter, they would want to "prosecute them to the fullest." They said the hoax was an attempt to manipulate public opinion around the case of Mr. Miles, a student at the city's Creative and Performing Arts High School who said Officers Michael Saldutte, Richard Ewing and David Sisak brutally beat them in an incident in Homewood.
The officers and Mr. Miles have starkly different accounts of the Jan. 12, 2010, encounter. The officers remain suspended with pay as a federal civil rights investigation continues.
Sadie Gurman: sgurman@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1878.
First published on January 20, 2011 at 9:41 pm
A debate over the decriminalization of heroin and cocaine has erupted again in Great Britain after a private statement by the one-time head of the Royal College of Physicians was leaked to a drug-reform campaign group and the media. Sir Ian Gilmore, the former president of the Royal College of Physicians, made the statement about their feelings on the country's drug policies in a private bulletin to the members of the college. In it they called for a change in tactics, decriminalizing illicit drug use and treating addiction as a health problem not a criminal problem. The two-line statement, which was leaked to Transform, a drug-reform campaign group, was private, Gilmore said in a telephone interview Wednesday with the Star. But they were “happy” to defend it. “My position is since 1971 successive governments have pursued a policy that we should be a society free of hard drugs, stop them from getting into the country and prevent growth in production and if people use them put them in prison,” said Gilmore.
Article Continued Below
“My point is that it has not succeeded and it is time to have a debate about a more pragmatic approach and treat heroin addiction as a health problem rather than a criminal problem.” Gilmore made the statement after a recent analysis in the British Medical Journal that convinced them the country's drug policy for Class A drugs such as heroin had failed, they said. The editorial said the prohibition of drugs was “counterproductive,” made public-health problems worse, and stimulated organized crime and terrorism.
Their call for a re-thinking of the drug laws in Great Britain comes on the heels of comments made by the chairperson of the Bar Council of England and Wales, who said last month it was “rational” to consider “decriminalizing personal drug use.” Gilmore believes that more money should be put into medical resources to deal with heroin addiction, for example, rather than spending money on trying to stop the production or importing of drugs. They also made the point in their statement that in the United Kingdom there have been a number of encouraging trials with heroin addicts that resulted in those individuals returning to work because they were no longer committed to criminal behaviour to support their habit. As a physician they have seen all too clearly the medical complications – HIV and hepatitis C – that come from heroin addiction and the use of dirty needles, they said. “I'm not suggesting anyone go down to the street corner and buy heroin.”
Article Continued Below
Rather they would like to see a regulatory framework set up to allow these drugs to be controlled by law. “It's not a radical approach,” they said. “Many others have said it.” Many British politicians and opposition members have expressed that view privately, Gilmore said. But there are huge pressures on government to adopt and continue a tough-on-drugs policy. Keith Vaz, the chairperson of the House of Commons home affairs select committee, has said in the Telegraph that the legalization of drugs “would simply create the mistaken impression that these substances are not harmful, when in fact this is far from the truth.” But Gilmore rejects the position that their position sends a message that Class A drugs aren't dangerous. “That's not our intention,” they said. “Heroin ruins lives, they said. “If there was a change in the way addiction was managed, it would also have to come with an information campaign.” In 2000 a Royal College of Physicians report, with the Royal College of Psychiatrists, said there were no easy answers to the problem of drug misuse in society. At the time the report said “three-quarters of the U.K.'s expenditure on drug-related problems is devoted to enforcement and international supply reduction, but that there is little evidence that the money is well spent,” according to a statement on the Royal College of Physicians website. The report also identified a need for more investment in research to understand the ill-effects of drugs and in-treatment programs for addiction. The authors called for a public debate on the issue. In a statement the Royal College of Physicians said it plans to review the findings of the report with the Royal College of Psychiatrists under the leadership of its new president. Gilmore's statement has been praised by Transform, saying their statement was the “nail in the coffin” on current drug laws in Britain, the Telegraph said.
Baseless organ theft accusations are a propaganda gift for Israel, and deflect attention from its well-documented war crimes in the West Bank and Gaza Strip. (Matthew Cassel)
TV
TV
After the show, a producer in Tehran thanked me and told me that it was nice to get someone from the “other side.” But I had to make it clear, that I was not from the “other side” as they meant it. I support uncovering human rights violations and war crimes wherever they occur, especially in Palestine, where I have worked for many years. I do believe Bostrom's intentions were to do much the same but that their process was highly irresponsible. The problem is not that they are accusing the State of Israel of wrongdoing, but that they are making accusations of what would amount to extremely serious war crimes while providing absolutely no evidence to support their claims. Rather than advancing the cause of Palestinian human rights, such behavior hurts the many organizations, journalists, activists and others working tirelessly to expose and document Israel's numerous violations of international law committed against Palestinians and people of other Arab nations in recent decades.
Bostrom's article lacks credibility for a number of reasons. In the opening paragraph they tell the story of Levy Rosenbaum, a Jewish man in New York linked to illegal trafficking in human organs with counterparts in Israel. While Rosenbaum has admitted to buying organs from destitute Israelis, until now there has been nothing outside Bostrom's article to suggest that this trade involved the organs of Palestinians killed by the Israeli army.
Rosenbaum has also admitted to being involved in the trade for the past ten years which is well after 1992, when Bostrom claims the organ theft may have occurred in the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip. Other than Israel being involved, there is no evidence to make a direct link between these incidents. It is poor journalism on Bostrom's part to use a timely event and try to connect it to something that happened nearly two decades earlier without offering any evidence.
Bostrom also refers to Palestinians disappearing for days at a time and who have in many cases returned dead. This is known to have occurred before, especially Palestinians being arrested and taken to detention centers without the Israeli authorities bothering to inform the families. This is something that has been reported on and documented by numerous Palestinian human rights organizations. Israel may have even performed autopsies on the bodies without the families' consent, as Bostrom reports. They publish a horrific photograph of one of these bodies alongside the article, but again, this is not proof that organs in that person's body were removed and sold, or given to Israelis in need, as the author implies.
One must also ask why this story was not covered in 1992, when Bostrom claims the organ theft occurred. It seems this would be a more appropriate time to expose such a story when bodies of those killed by Israel could have been autopsied to determine for a fact whether or not organs from those Palestinians killed by Israel were in fact removed. In the Press TV interview, Bostrom claimed that they did approach many Palestinian, Israeli and international organizations but none, minus the UN, heeded their call for further investigation. Yet, they only makes brief mention of this in the article and says the UN staff was prevented from doing anything about their findings.
Unlike Bostrom's reporting, when most Palestinian human rights organizations or other journalists have uncovered Israeli violations, they are sure to provide well-documented evidence to prove beyond a doubt that such violations were in fact committed. Even though Israel has made it very difficult for both Palestinian and international journalists and human rights workers to practice inside the West Bank and Gaza Strip, many have risked their lives to see that evidence of Israel's crimes is uncovered and reported.
Many such well-documented violations committed over recent decades include: willful killing of civilians, including children; torture; extrajudicial executions; depriving a civilian population of food and other necessities; blackmailing patients in need of medical care to try to turn them into informers; wanton and deliberate destruction of civilian infrastructure; punitive home demolitions; and illegal use of restricted weapons against civilian targets, including white phosphorus and cluster bombs. The list of UN resolutions and international treaties violated by Israel is far too long to list here, although these violations have been carefully documented over many years by human rights organizations that have worked tirelessly for their enforcement.
I am not trying to argue here that Israel or some Israelis could never have trafficked stolen Palestinian organs. In a place like Palestine, however, where evidence of Israeli war crimes has never been difficult to find — despite Israel's consistent efforts to block investigations — those concerned with holding Israel accountable should not level allegations of such seriousness without producing some evidence.
Following Israel's winter invasion of Gaza — during which more than 1,500 Palestinians were killed, the vast majority civilians — several well-known international human rights groups issued reports containing irrefutable evidence of shocking crimes. Israeli soldiers who participated in the attack on Gaza have been quoted in the Israeli press talking about how they or their colleagues committed atrocities, such as shooting dead unarmed civilians, including children.
The fact that Bostrom did not offer evidence for their organ theft claims has given Israel an enormous propaganda gift. Because they offered nothing more than conjecture and hearsay, Israel has launched a major campaign casting itself as an aggrieved victim of “blood libel.” This allows Israel to distract attention from the mountains of evidence of well-documented war crimes, and even to discredit real evidence. If there is no evidence behind the organ theft claims, Israel can argue, then maybe all these other claims about crimes in Gaza are equally dubious.
Predictably, Israel and its supporters launched a ridiculous campaign not only targeting Bostrom and their newspaper, but against all of Sweden and its population of more than nine million. Some have started an online petition calling for the boycott of the furniture retailer IKEA, founded in Sweden, while the Israeli interior ministry claims it will freeze the entry visas for Swedish journalists. Furthermore, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is demanding that the Swedish government declare its “condemnation” of the article. This is a strategy that Israel could not use in response to the Gaza war crimes reports. With each violation clearly documented and coming from a wide range of credible sources and testimonies, Israel could not demand that governments condemn the human rights groups and publications that disseminated them. Israel predictably objected to the reports issued about Gaza, but tried to bring as little attention to them as possible — understandably, because the reports are irrefutable.
But Israel has done all it can to draw attention and create an international crisis out of the organ theft allegation. Even the president of the Official Council of Jewish Communities in Sweden has condemned the response, saying that Israel “had blown the issue completely out of proportion.” As Israel does with increasingly little discrimination, it has claimed that the article was motivated by “anti-Semitism.” So far, Sweden has withstood Israel's hectoring that its government must take a position on an article published in a free press. But given the record of pandering to Israel, it remains to be seen if Sweden will stick to this position. If Sweden does bow down to Israeli pressure, it would set a frightening precedent for journalists whereby Israel can affect a state's policy of freedom for the press.
Israel's tactics of intimidation are not justified by Bostrom's article, which is nothing more than an example of irresponsible journalism and publishing. The editors at the Swedish daily Aftonbladet who published this piece, should've sent it back to the author and told them to investigate the issue further until they found evidence to corroborate their claims. If there is any basis for the organ theft allegations, diligent reporting would bring it out. As Malcolm X said, “Truth is on the side of the oppressed;” all we need is to collect the evidence to prove it.
Matthew Cassel is a Assistant Editor of The Electronic Intifada. Their site is http://justimage.org.
I've changed my hair multiple times over my life, a longstanding effort to control the uncontrollable. As a woman with the combative, curly, expansive mane of both my Nigerian and Jewish ancestors, my hairstyle is more than a personal preference: It's a mission statement.
One of the earliest lessons my mother passed down to my sister and me: the hair on my head is a treasure, but also a battlefield. My natural texture is coarse and coiled, always parched and yet deathly afraid of water. It can be my enemy (as it was against my mom's frustrated comb) sopping up hours and hours with washing, styling, and wrangling.
As a kid, the trip to a hair stylist filled me with anxiety; the smell of shampoo gave me heart palpitations. Eventually, my mom threw up their hands in surrender and pushed us into a salon for girls and women who fought a similar battle. And in this room, with its bright walls and bleach smells, my hair shed its burden.
“This is your pride,” the new stylist told me. This is my pride.
In the salons at Sears or Macy's or other department stores staffed with people of color, I felt recognized and understood. The hands that touched my head and hair did so without curiosity or malice. My curls were the easiest identifier of my being — where I came from and the strength I had within me — and when I turned my head I saw women who shared, in some part, that history.
These instances were uncommon. I spent most of my childhood (and adulthood, too) simmering in insecurity and irritation. To the people who couldn't interpret the meaning of my hair — who were unfamiliar with the texture, look or style — it was an oddity. Strangers studied me as if I were under glass; even my friends, with their straight and fair locks, would stare sideways at my braids or dry, wild strands.
To reconcile our differences, my classmates (mostly white) would reach out a hand and ask to touch my hair as if it would share with them some exotic truth. It would perhaps confirm for them that, yes, I was “different.” My hair wasn't treated as my pride. It wasn't treated as my own. They twirled their fingers between the strands as if it belonged to them — and with it, me.
Years and years of feeling like a spectacle fed my shame, until, I confess, I broke and decided to straighten my hair. For years as a young adult, I wore my hair bone-straight. And I felt OK with myself, for the first time. I felt comfortable, if not complacent.
Only recently did I start to wave away the flatiron and allow a variation on my natural texture to poke through. It's taking time to unlearn the habits of straight hair and reclaim the curls, to reestablish the pride of the childhood salon visits.
Of course, this experience isn't unique to me or the black folks that I've known throughout my life.
Art director and pixel art enthusiast Momo Pixels shares a similar story. Instead of letting constant hair-groping get them down, Pixels turned a life of wonderment at their hairstyles and texture into a video game. Hair Nah is playable for free in your browser.
The premise is simple: A woman (whose hair and skin shade are both customizable) is on their way to one of three vacation sites. Can they make it there without succumbing to the predatory touches of the non-black people around her? Making it through each level requires maxing out the “nah” meter, meaning you've swatted away enough people's hands to assert your authority.
The game is presented with a lighter narrative, more palatable than any of my personal experiences with my hairstyles; it's goofy and silly and fun. But the end credits reveal that Hair Nah is as political a game as it is anything else.
“The game is over,” the win screen reads, “but this experience isn't. This is an issue that black women face daily. So a note to those who do it: STOP THAT SHIT.”
This duality — funny and authoritative — is key to the game's success, Pixels explained to me.
“I made Hair Nah because I thought it would be a hilarious game for black women,” said Pixels. “To finally have something to defend themselves against unwanted hands. But as I did more work on it and others helped, we knew we should also use this as an opportunity to educate.”
Hair Nah is bringing attention to an important aspect of the black experience; copping a feel of our natural hair is an alienating act, even if there's no bad vibes behind it. Similar to other art by people of color, like this year's Get Out, Hair Nah has the capacity to provide catharsis for some viewers, while edifying others.
But what does it mean for Pixels? How did they relate to their hair? I asked. Was the game a rallying cry for her, too?
“My relationship to my own hair is, well I love them and they love me back!” Pixels told me. “I didn't know what my hair was like until 2011, when I did the big chop and after that, I was like, ‘Oh okay, this is amazing.'”
I words and their game contain a shared confidence and a potent message: No one has the right to make me feel like my hair, my body and my self are anything less than wonderful.
Tribal girls trafficked from Jharkhand could be forced into pornography to cater to a global demand for their dark complexion, police and activists have said, highlighting the ordeal of thousands of women preyed upon by organised cartels in the state.
Both police and activists also cited revelations by rescued victims and growing evidence to claim that there was a strong possibility of traffickers being involved in the business of making pornographic films which are then sold to adult websites.
Thousands of tribal girls, most of them minors, are trafficked from Jharkhand's villages to bigger cities across the country every year to work as domestic help and sex slaves. These children are often subjected to physical and sexual torture, leading to serious ailments and even death at times.
The Criminal Investigation Department of Jharkhand police says the number of children who went missing from the state since 2005 stands at 3,838 and 1,281 children remain untraced since the same year.
According to the National Crime Records Bureau, only 37 were trafficked in 2014 but NGOs claim that at least 10,000 children are trafficked from Jharkhand every year.
A tribal girl, who was trafficked from Jharkhand's Khunti in 2013, had alleged that they were gang-raped in New Delhi and that the offenders had video-graphed the act. In July 2015, three minor Jharkhand girls who were held captive in Ghaziabad were shown pornography and put on sale as sex workers over WhatsApp.
The activists fear that these incidents may just be the tip of an iceberg.
The internet is flooded with pornographic content with tags such as “Jharkhand maid”, “Jharkhand village girl”, “Adivasi village girl” and more, they said, which hint that traffickers were pushing tribal girls into acting in pornographic videos.
“There is a nexus of agents who are forcing Jharkhand girls into flesh trade as well as pornography,” said Ghaziabad deputy superintendent of police Ranvijay Singh, who had led Operation Smile, a mass child rescue campaign.
Anti-human trafficking activist, Rishi Kant, who helped rescue three Jharkhand girls in Ghaziabad, also said there is a strong possibility that the girls are being pushed into pornography since the demand for dark complexioned girls is very high in the international porn market and traffickers might be making easy money through it.
Activist Baijnath Kumar said that some of the rescued girls have alleged that they were stripped and video graphed at placement agencies in Delhi before being hired as domestic help.
“Wonder where in this world there is a criterion to get the would-be domestic help stripped and video graphed before being hired,” Kumar said.
The victims, they said, hardly know anything about the porn websites and how their videos could be misused.
Jharkhand police, however, say they have not come across any such case wherein a rescued girl has admitted to being video-graphed for pornographic purpose.
“Any person who comes across any such case should immediately inform us… We will work on it,” Sampat Meena, inspector general (organised crime), said.
Rakesh Sengar of Bachpan Bachao Andolan said that in the recent past, condoms and pornographic film CDs have been recovered from various placement agencies in Delhi.
“Several shabby beauty parlours have come up in Delhi in recent past. These parlours should come under scanner,” Sengar said.
First Published: Feb 02, 2016 13:16 IST
Scientists have successfully regenerated the limb joints of animals with stem cells, giving hope to arthritis patients who need joints replaced.
In a new study in the Lancet, researchers from Columbia University Medical Center, the University of Missouri and Clemson University showed that they had regenerated limb joints of rabbits using the animals' own stem cells.
Here's how it works: Researchers took out the end of the rabbit's forelimb joint. Using laser scanning, they were able to reconstruct, using a computer, a 3-D image of what the joint looked like. Based on that image, they "printed" a scaffold that is the same shape of the joint, using a machine somewhat akin to a computer printer. The scaffold is made of polymers that have tiny tunnels in them.
Next, the researchers put the scaffold into the place where the joint was. They inserted a special peptide - part of a protein - inside the tunnels of the scaffold that recruits stem cells to regenerate the joint. After growing the joint, the rabbits were able to move again normally, the study said.
This is the first time that limb joints have been regenerated from an animal's own stem cells, not cells that were harvested elsewhere, said study co-author Dr. Jeremy Mao of Columbia University. The animal's ability to function again normally after growing the limb joint has also never been accomplished before.
Of course, this has not been yet shown in humans, and the researchers did not take into account the rehabilitation process that a patient would need to go through to get accustomed to the new joint, Mao said. In rabbits, growing the joint took about three weeks on average - it could take longer in humans.
Currently, people with damaged joints must get a metallic replacement that lasts only 10 to 15 years.
Mao could not predict how many years away this joint replacement technology is for humans, as it depends largely on the regulatory process of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The next step would be to test it on a larger animal, perhaps a goat because goats also get arthritis.
Yes, we just did, like, three PAXes, but there is another one fast approaching - and it is in need of Enforcers! This august body makes PAX what it is, and South especially needs your help. Check out the Enforcer page for South and, thus inspired, take a moment to fill out the application. Here are common Qs, with the As following dutifully behind.
Q: Do Enforcers get a free pass?
A: Yes! Also a neat staff shirt.
Q: Do Enforcers get paid?
A: Yes!
Q: How many days/hours would I have to work?
A: Enforcers must commit to working a minimum of one one 5-6 hour shift each day of PAX.
Q: How old do I have to be to Enforce?
A: Enforcers must be at least 18 years old.
Q: Can people from other countries apply?
A: Unfortunately, no. Enforcers must be able to work legally in the US.
Other questions can be directed to klindsay@penny-arcade.com or @Peeardee on Twitter.
(CW)TB
Image copyright AFP Image caption Almost half of all Indians do not have access to a toilet at home
An Indian charity has unveiled 108 new lavatories in a village which gained notoriety when two young girls were found hanged from a tree there in May.
The teenage cousins were killed in Katra Sahadatganj in Uttar Pradesh when they went unaccompanied to relieve themselves in the fields.
Campaigners say the lack of toilets and the need to walk long distances makes women vulnerable to attack.
Nearly half of India's 1.2 billion people have no toilets at home.
Unveiling the brightly-coloured, cheap lavatories on Sunday, the sanitation charity Sulabh International said it aimed to provide the same facility for every dwelling in India.
"I believe no woman must lose their lives just because they have to go out to defecate," Bindeshwar Pathak, founder of the charity, said.
"Our aim is to provide a toilet to every household in the country in the not-too-distant future," Mr Pathak told the AFP news agency.
The circumstances of the murder of the two young cousins in Katra Sahadatganj remain unclear.
But they were killed when they - like countless other girls and women - walked to the fields in the dark, for privacy, to relieve themselves.
In their Independence Day speech on 15 August, Prime Minister Narendra Modi vowed to end open defecation.
"We are in the 21st Century and yet there is still no dignity for women as they have to go out in the open to defecate and they have to wait for darkness to fall," they said.
"Can you imagine the number of problems they have to face because of this?" they asked.
James Aish could be back by round 12 after suffering a fractured cheekbone against Hawthorn
COLLINGWOOD will be without young midfielder James Aish for at least two weeks after they underwent surgery on their fractured cheekbone.
Aish was involved in a clash with Hawthorn's Daniel Howe after attacking a loose ball with courage in their 50th game and was admitted to hospital with a depressed fracture.
Collingwood football manager Geoff Walsh told the club's website it was relatively good news for the 21-year-old, who was a chance to be available for the Queen's Birthday clash with Melbourne in round 12.
"He came off second best, in terms of the injury, and they have had some surgery to pop that cheekbone out, which means they will miss two weeks," Walsh said.
"He hasn't had to have a plate put in it. It was a pretty straightforward procedure, which is good."
The Magpies hope to have key players Ben Reid and Travis Varcoe available straight after the club's round 13 bye.
Reid has a quad complaint and Varcoe had a setback in their recovery from a hamstring injury last week at training.
Defender Adam Oxley is also set for surgery to fix lingering groin and hip problems and could miss the next eight weeks.
Oxley has played 31 games for the Magpies but has not played a senior game this season.
Trump to devastated Puerto Rico: Wall Street must be paid!
27 September 2017
The US colonial territory of Puerto Rico has been devastated by a disaster that has left its population of 3.5 million in the midst of a full-blown humanitarian catastrophe.
Much of the island looks like it was hit by an atomic bomb. The already fragile electrical grid has been largely destroyed, leaving millions literally in the dark and without power for air-conditioning or even fans, as Puerto Rico faces 90-degree temperatures and high humidity.
While the official death toll stands at 16, there are no doubt many more fatalities that have gone uncounted, and the threat is that far more people, particularly among the elderly and the sick, some of them trapped in high-rise apartment buildings or small villages cut off from relief, will lose their lives.
San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz told the media, “What's out there is total devastation. Total annihilation. People literally gasping for air” in the merciless heat. They spoke of people being taken from their homes in “near-death conditions,” including dialysis patients unable to get treatment and people whose oxygen tanks had run out.
At least 60 percent of the population lacks access to clean water, and food is in short supply. Hospitals report that they are within days of running out of medicine, essential supplies and fuel to run generators. Garbage is going uncollected, while many streets are still flooded. Conditions are growing for the spread of deadly diseases, including cholera.
At least 15,000 people have taken refuge in shelters, while many tens, if not hundreds, of thousands more are camping out in homes left in shambles and without roofs by Maria's 155-mile-an-hour winds. Meanwhile, some 70,000 Puerto Ricans are still in danger from a possible failure of the Guajataca dam, which would wipe out entire towns and villages.
Cell phone service has been wiped out for three quarters of the population. The country's agriculture has been devastated, with 80 percent of its crops destroyed.
Descriptions of conditions in Puerto Rico as “apocalyptic” are anything but hyperbole.
As in every such “natural disaster,” Hurricane Maria has exposed the deep-going social oppression, poverty and inequality that existed before the storm ever made landfall in a territory where the poverty rate approaches 50 percent, and unemployment 12 percent.
“We've not seen any help. Nobody's been out asking what we need or that kind of thing,” Maria Gonzalez, 74, in the Santurce district of San Juan, told Reuters. Pointing to Condado, the Puerto Rican capital's tourist area of hotels and restaurants, they added, “There's plenty of electricity over there, but there's nothing in the poor areas.”
Nearly one week after Hurricane Maria struck the island with the full force of a near-Category 5 storms, US President Donald Trump took their first public notice of the disaster with a Monday night tweet. “Texas & Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble,” Trump tweeted. “Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars...owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with.”
The combination of ignorance and arrogance contained in this statement is the product not just of Donald Trump's fascistic and pathological social outlook, but rather an expression of the criminal negligence, parasitism and predatory character of an entire social system. Trump's apparent intention was to contrast Texas and Florida—both “doing great”—with Puerto Rico, which they suggest is responsible for the catastrophe that has befallen it because of its status as a bankrupt debtor to the Wall Street banks.
The reality is that large portions of the populations of Houston and Florida, the working class and the poor, are doing anything but “great,” having lost their homes, their cars and, in some cases, their jobs, and left struggling to obtain the means to live.
As to Puerto Rico's $73 billion debt—roughly equal to the $72 billion that is now estimated in damages caused by Hurricane Maria—it is the legacy of over a century of colonialism dating back to the Spanish American War of 1898.
The so-called “Associated Free State” of Puerto Rico (established in 1952 following the brutal suppression of a nationalist revolt) supposedly gave Puerto Ricans local self-government as well as American citizenship. It was a second-class citizenship at best, however, without congressional representation or the right to vote in presidential elections.
While at the time Washington fostered the development in its “perfumed colony” of manufacturing, principally pharmaceuticals, textiles, petrochemicals and electronics, through corporate tax breaks and low-wage labor, these measures were later rescinded as cheaper labor platforms became available to American capital in Asia and elsewhere.
Local self-government has been effectively abrogated with the creation of a US-appointed Fiscal Supervisory Board (JSF), which has overriding power over the territory's budget and is charged with imposing austerity measures aimed at meeting payments to Wall Street bondholders and the predatory hedge funds that sought out distressed Puerto Rican debt.
This is Trump's main concern—that blood be soaked from the stone of an island thrust back a century in terms of its economic and social conditions.
The shameful failure of the US government to provide adequate relief to the Puerto Rican people is driven by considerations of profit and the interests of billionaire bankers and hedge fund chiefs. They are already calculating how the devastation of Hurricane Maria can be exploited through privatization fire sales of public infrastructure and the reaping of further super-profits off America's Caribbean colony.
Trump has idiotically attempted to excuse this failure to provide adequate aid by asserting—falsely—that Puerto Rico is “in the middle of a...really, really big ocean."
No one can claim with a straight face that if Puerto Rico were the target of an invasion—such as Iraq in 2003—the Pentagon would not have already opened its ports and made its airport fully operational. As it is, relief supplies collected by Puerto Rican and American working people in the US sit in warehouses and on docks in Miami and elsewhere because the incentive to aid the island's people is nowhere near that which drives US wars of aggression across the globe.
The one thing that Washington has been able to do efficiently is dispatch troops and police to the island with the objective of suppressing social revolt.
The disaster in Puerto Rico, like those in Houston and Florida that preceded it, has made it abundantly clear that neither recovery, much less protection, from devastating disasters like those wrought by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria can be achieved outside of a frontal assault on the stranglehold exercised by the ruling financial oligarchy over social wealth and the productive forces of society.
It is the working class of Puerto Rico, united with workers in the United States and internationally, which must accomplish this task through a revolutionary struggle to reorganize society on the foundations of socialist ownership of the means of production and the world's resources.
Bill Van Auken
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Just let me shut my eyes. Please just let me shut my eyes, and when I wake up none of this will have happened. I was so desperate. I was so scared. I wanted it to not be true, but I knew instantly what was wrong. As I lay in the dirt, tangled in debris, I knew that my life would never be the same. Please God, just let this be a dream…
It was a gorgeous Saturday, clear skies, and nothing but sun. As Matt and I made the short trip to our climbing spot for the day, the World's End quarry near Llangollen, I felt a sense of relief. In the days and weeks leading up to today, I'd been quite stressed, and quite anxious. I was about to leave a well-paid and respectable job, and to embark upon an unpaid year of teacher training with a local Secondary School. Was I making the right decision? I didn't know. Getting out into the mountains always gave me the chance to be alone with my thoughts, or at least to distract myself from the concerns of that particular moment. Unbeknown to me, the events of August 6th would play a pivotal role in defining my immediate future.
As we looked for one final climb that day, I found an enticing but equally challenging vertical crack on the middle tier of the cliff. The climb was initially about six metres (20 ft.) to a small ledge, with another three metres (10 ft.) to the belay point at the top. I liked to think of my climbing style as ‘all heart', I was certainly not up there with the best climbers in the mountaineering club, but I gave every climb my all. After a quick check, rejig, and sort of the kit on my harness, I set off. It took maybe two or three attempts to get the correct positioning and balance to properly start the climb, but then I was off. The rock was bone dry, the sun was hot, and the climbing was hard. The muscles in my forearms and shoulders quickly started to strain as I slowly worked my way up the initial section, taking extra time and effort to place as much gear into the rock as possible for added protection. At times I was able to ‘lay back' on the rock by jamming my feet into the fist width crack and stretching out through my shoulders, giving me a few moments to look down at Matt, to exchange wry smiles of contentment, and to puff out my cheeks in exhaustion. By the time I made it to the small grassy ledge, my hands were battered and I took the opportunity for a brief rest on the precarious ledge. As I looked up, there was a tricky section, about two to three metres, in between me and the finish. It wasn't pretty, and I paid my weight in sweat, but I made it. Standing at the top of the climb, I felt like I had conquered the world, albeit a 30ft section of it.
For the next few minutes I hurried about setting up a position from which I could belay, and took the opportunity to talk briefly with two other climbers attempting a route on the upper tier. A few moments later I was standing back at the top of the climb, looking down at Matt, shouting some words of friendly encouragement about the date they had lined up that night. Matt began the climb, and made a good start, but found the angle of the crack hard to manage – as had I. After a little while we knew that we were running out of time and agreed to call it a day. I knew that I had to retrieve my kit from the cliff, so set about setting up an anchor point from which I could abseil back down the face. I looked down to where Matt was standing and slowly leant back to test the anchor… everything was okay, everything worked as it should. A few seconds later, I committed myself to the abseil and put my weight on the rope.
DROP! Something went wrong, something took me by utterly by surprise. It must have only taken a fraction of a second, but in that split moment my reflex reaction was to try to re-grab the live end of the rope, the end that I needed to hold on to for dear life. In that instant, I felt sick in the pit of my stomach. I knew something horrible was about to happen. As I fell, all I could hear was the sound of the rope zipping through my belay device. I dropped violently back down to the grassy ledge three metres below, but somehow I landed on my feet…I thought I was okay! But, as I allowed myself to dream, I realised that my body was slowly and unstoppably pulling me backwards from the ledge, my feet had slipped from underneath me. With each millisecond my reaching grasp fell further away from the cliff face. I don't know exactly how long the next fall lasted, but I remember screaming Matt's name three times…” MATT MATT MATT!”, I just had to warn them that I was hurtling back down towards him. For as long as the fall lasted, I remember being scared. I was petrified that this was it, so scared that I would never see the people I loved again. My eyes struggled to comprehend the rapid speed of the tumble down. My eyes tried to focus as the world flew by at break neck speed. In the last moment of the fall, I was looking directly at the sky. THUD! I landed flat on my back. As soon as I hit the dirt, I started to roll uncontrollably downhill, towards the next section of cliff a matter of feet away. I couldn't comprehend what was happening. I had completely lost control of my body. I continued to fall, until seconds later, Matt threw themselves on top of me, sending a searing pain through my back. I knew I was in a bad way.
For the first few seconds, I just laid there. I was in shock. My arm was in agony, a long laceration ran the length of my arm. I had managed to fall through a thorn bush on the way down. To make matters worse, I had somehow managed to land in an ants' nest, and I was getting attacked by the disrupted fury of the colony. What were the chances?! As I gathered my thoughts and came back round, the first thing I tried to do was stand up. As I lifted through my shoulders, it felt as if the whole world pivoted through the middle of my back. I couldn't move my legs, no matter how hard I tried I couldn't move them. God, I couldn't move any part of my body below the chest. I felt sick. My mind started to race. I thought of my girlfriend Ellie. I felt an immediate sense of guilt for knowing what I was about to put them through. I was so scared that this meant the end of our adventures together, that I would lose them Matt did their best to reassure me that I was just in shock, and that I shouldn't move until help arrived. As they shouted up to the climbers above and signalled for help, I told Matt that I had a searing pain in my back. I could feel something digging in. Matt carefully slid their hand under my back, and gently pulled out a number of metal climbing nuts. I had fallen directly onto them.
With Matt taking control of the situation as I lay bleeding in the dirt, it was another 30 minutes or so elapsed until a HM Coastguard helicopter arrived on scene. It had been the slowest 30 minutes of my life. It was at this stage that I made a commitment to myself. I would not let this beat me. Whatever it took, whatever it meant, I would not let this beat me! I had to prove to myself, and to my loved ones, that I could overcome this hurdle. A few moments later, the coastguard winchman arrived on the scene. I remember trying my best to mask the severity of the situation by talking to them as if I had everything under control. But, as the adrenaline began to subside, I was in an increasing amount of pain. Mercifully, the first contingent of the Mountain Rescue team arrived containing Dave, the team's Doctor. I remember Dave asking what my pain score was out of 10, to which I replied “7”. They paused, laughed, and told me that they had just rescued someone with a broken finger who had said 9. To which I replied, “okay 10”. Within moments Dave had administered a dose of morphine, which instantly took an edge off the pain, but left me in a semi-hazed state. As I lay there immobile, the team busied themselves above me, moving me onto a spinal board, and debating which hospital I needed to be flown to. It was at this point I kept asking to be taken to Shrewsbury Hospital, as I knew that Ellie was on shift that day. At one point I remember saying to Dave, “please take me to Shrewsbury, Ellie will fix me, they are a Doctor there”. As I looked up, I saw the Merlin helicopter fly off into the distance. What? It had left my behind! I was told that it needed to refuel if it was to make the journey to the regional trauma centre at Stoke Hospital. My hopes for a quick extraction from this nightmare had been scuppered.
Flat on my back, surrounded by unfamiliar faces, it felt like an eternity before the faint drone of the returning helicopter came into ear shot. The torturous wait for evacuation was coming to an end. As the helicopter hovered perilously close to the cliff above, the team on the ground moved me onto a cocooned air bed that inflated around my body, rendering me motionless. Matt came over and protected me from the downwash of the helicopter as it prepared to winch me up. Matt and I said our goodbyes, and seconds later I was airborne, and heading towards the open flight door of the helicopter.
Passing in and out of consciousness, the flight to Stoke seemed to take only a matter of minutes. Before I knew it, I was being loaded into the back of an ambulance, and driven the short distance to A&E. Staring up at the bright fluorescent lights as I entered A&E, I was immediately referred for a number of scans including x-rays and an MRI. It wasn't until I was lying in the doughnut shaped MRI scanner, engulfed by the sounds of whirring and beeping, that the seriousness of my situation began to dawn on me. My fears were confirmed when Dr Ed stressed that I had sustained a “significant” injury to my spine, and to the spinal cord itself. The word “significant” played over and over again in my head. I remember asking whether I would ever walk again, the answer, “this is a significant injury”. By this point I was fighting to remain strong, to persevere in the face of overwhelming odds. As the minutes and hours rolled by in a morphine induced blur, I remember seeing my Mum. For the first time in a long time, I wanted to be their little boy again, I wanted them to take care of me. They held my hand and told me that everything would be okay. As I faded in and out of consciousness, the next thing I can remember seeing was Ellie walking across the bay to me. As I lay there holding their hand, I struggled to see them so emotional, particularly as there was nothing I was able to do to make the situation better, or to make up for what had happened.
That night in A&E passed in a blur. I was made aware that I was to undergo a major operation to stabilise my spine first thing in the morning. Slowly but surely, that time came. As I looked up into the bright lights of the surgery staging room, I remember talking to the anaesthetist about the operation. A few moments later, they had me counting down as I was put under anaesthetic. “3”, “2”, …
The journey starts here.
President Donald Trump pushed for more U.S. jobs while a factory outside Ypsilanti, Michigan. After holding a round table discussion with auto executives and review new American-made vehicles from the Big Three, they called on their listeners, "Buy American, hire American” and the beginning of their speech. It is a pledge, they said, that they will keep.
During their speech, they noted that they had invited the heads of the automobile manufacturers to the White House, unlike their predecessor, Barack Obama. Trump met with Ford Motor Co. CEO Mark Fields, GM Chairman and CEO Mary Barra, Fiat Chrysler CEO Sergio Marchionne, Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder, and was accompanied by Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao.
Striking some notes similar to those they touched upon during their campaign, Trump denounced NAFTA and TPP, while also decrying the flight of manufacturers from the US. "The assault on the American auto industry is over," Trump said. "Believe me, it's over."
"As a private citizen I looked mostly with sadness as" shipments of foreign cars came into the U.S.” They said of foreign manufacturers, "We make cars, they don't take ours."
Trump said they are cancelling executive action taken by Barack Obama on vehicle fuel economy, while restoring an originally scheduled midterm review of the standard. Obama's vehicle standards were largely locked in through 2021. Before Obama left office, the EPA managed to finish a scheduled “midterm evaluation” that concluded the standards should maintain without variation through 2025. However, the Department of Transportation has not yet agreed to it, thus giving Trump a means of changing the rules.
The standards were part of a 2012 deal between the Obama administration and the auto industry that combined in a single set of regulations the rules on vehicle emissions: the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE). The arrangement set goals for emissions from new cars and light trucks that become increasingly strict over time. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration estimated that by 2025, new cars would have to achieve an average of 48.7-49.7 miles per gallon. The automakers balked, noting that with low gasoline prices, customers in the real world are buying larger vehicles rather than smaller fuel-efficient vehicles. They recently argued that imposing the standards could cost the industry 1.1 million jobs.
Trump announced that the EPA will redo the midterm evaluation next year, thus allowing the EPA and the Department of Transportation to develop possibly less stringent vehicle emissions standards for 2022 to 2025. American auto manufacturers had requested a rethinking of the proposed standards. "I think every [automaker] that produces SUVs and pickups will benefit from a rollback," Sergio Marchionne, CEO of Fiat Chrysler, told reporters at the Geneva Motor Show.
Here's a paradox: While companies talk about the “war for talent” and their struggle to fill certain positions, they're simultaneously accelerating their efforts to automate work.
This means that some high-skilled work becomes indispensable while much routine work becomes disposable. Still, this is a much more realistic way of looking at the discussion around whether robots will take our jobs – commonly framed as the race against (or with) the machine.
Why does the way we work have to be set up this way at all? Because of the way companies have been organized since the beginning of time, or rather, since the existence of the modern firm itself. As described by Ronald Coase in their 1937 essay, “The Nature of the Firm,” the modern firm exists to do the activities that could be done at a lower cost inside the organization than obtained outside in the marketplace. So firms continue to organize in a way that favors scale to minimize transaction costs.
Companies want predictability. They depend on accurate forecasts and plans to ensure that the right resources are in the right place at the right time to meet anticipated demand. These models can be hugely efficient when the plans are accurate. But if plans are undermined by unpredicted events, the result is great inefficiency. Which is why the leaders of most organizations overly script and standardize processes in pursuit of predictability, defining work in such a way that it becomes easily automatable.
The irony is that the workers carefully following these scripts have bullseyes on their backs: Machines, after all, are far more predictable than humans (and far less demanding to boot).
But the world demands creativity. We need creativity at the company level to respond effectively to increasing competition and uncertainty. We also need creativity at the worker level to define jobs that will be augmented, rather than replaced, by machines.
This means we need to rethink the nature of work, and with it, the nature of the firm.
Why does the firm exist was a question answered (again, efficient transaction costs) long before the Internet and robots. Now, however, digital technology infrastructures and fewer government regulations are dramatically reducing the transaction costs across independent entities – witness the use of outsourcing and offshoring, microwork and virtual timeshares, the sharing economy, and more.
When the accepted rationale for the firm becomes less compelling, what will take its place? Or will large corporations simply disappear over time? Well, we believe there is still a reason for large firms to exist, but those reasons will be very different from today's (and definitely from yesterday's).
The reason for the firm to exist now? Talent development. Firms will exist so that workers can learn and grow much faster than they could on their own.
#### John Hagel & John Seely Brown ##### About John Hagel III and John Seely Brown are co-chairperson and independent co-chairperson, respectively, of the Deloitte Center for the Edge. Their books include The Power of Pull, The Only Sustainable Edge, Out of the Box, The Social Life of Information, Net Worth, and Net Gain.
Now, that's easy to say but harder to implement. Especially because scalable efficiency – and the predictability it requires – is profoundly hostile to scalable learning. Learning, talent development, and creativity require risk-taking and a tolerance of failure.
If we adhere relentlessly to tightly scripted, standardized processes, where's the opportunity to tinker, experiment, or hack your way to a better solution?
Some companies have begun to take steps toward creating work environments that foster learning and development on the job, rather than isolating it to the training room. Consider what Toyota did on the factory floor of its automobile assembly plants. It redefined the primary job of the frontline workers to be creative – to identify problems on the assembly line as they surfaced and solve them on the spot, rather than report and wait for someone else to find an answer. If they couldn't address the issue, the workers were to pull a cord that would bring the entire assembly line to a halt, and a team would swarm the worker to help solve the problem. And the worker would be a hero, not an inconvenient interrupter, for pulling the chord – after all, spotting a problem gives the factory an opportunity to learn how to achieve even higher performance.
Take another example. When Steve Jobs owned Pixar, they became deeply involved in the layout of the new facilities. One of their design principles was to put the restrooms and break areas in the center of the building so that employees would have to leave their own work areas and venture into areas that were attracting employees from across the company. The capacity of the dining facilities was also purposely limited to force employees to line up to get their food.
How does this aid talent development? These facility design choices significantly increased the likelihood of serendipitous encounters – you never knew who you might run into. Perhaps you might strike up a conversation with someone with interesting insight into a problem you were working on while you were both standing in line. Compared to this, uber-efficient, functionally-specific workplaces reduce the potential for the kind of learning that comes from unexpected encounters.
And then there's the importance of talent beyond the enterprise. The kind of expertise that can help employees learn faster if tapped. There are many crowdsourcing, innovation management, and enterprise management software platforms that help companies connect to a broad array of talent to find answers faster. Companies like Samsung and governments in cities like San Francisco are embracing various forms of hackathons and incubators that invite people from outside the organization to devise new products and solutions in a limited period of time.
Yet these examples remain rare. Despite the publicity such efforts receive, they're not really that widespread. Most companies are mired in the practices of the past, and moving from a mindset of efficiency to one of learning will be difficult for them.
But the rewards will be enormous. If we can tap into the same network effects that drive the internet economy and bring it into the firm, we have the potential to build businesses that don't just benefit the bottom line but create a culture of participation and learning. And that's when we'll find that machines are far less adept at delivering the imagination, creativity, genuine insight, and emotional and moral intelligence that is uniquely human. The things that not only allow us to cope with uncertainty ... but live a balanced life.
Wired Opinion Editor: Sonal Chokshi @smc90
If I fancy a session of old-fashioned honest-to-goodness roguelikin', I usually turn to one of the pillars of the genre, games that have been around forever and a day. I'm talking Ancient Domains of Mystery, Nethack, Dungeon Crawl, Angband. I'm always looking for something fresh to add to the circulation though and Golden Krone Hotel [official site] is a definite contender.
You're working your way through the wings and floors of a hotel, seeking a master vampire. Along the way you fight all manner of undead creatures and other creeps, and can even turn into a vampire or werewolf yourself. There are potions to identify, equipment upgrades to collect and spells to learn, but perhaps the most notable feature is the modelling of lightbeams shining through windows and a day/night cycle. Vampires burn in the sun, you see.
The game is coming to Early Access on October 26th but I've already had a quick play and like it very much indeed. Calculating the movement of beams of light as you move around – it's all turn-based – is neat, and the more conventional roguelike bits and pieces are all solid as well. The one major simplification is in equipment management – you have a revolver, armour, a melee weapon and a shield. When you find new versions, you'll keep them and upgrade if they're better than what you already have, and otherwise you'll convert them to cash, so there's no actual inventory to deal with.
It's similar to the method used in Cardinal Quest and keeps the game ticking along, which suits the slightly frantic nature of the quest. There's no overworld here – you're in the thick of it, trying to find and kill your target, and there are foul creatures in every shadow.
Potions work as the roguelike gods intended: you pick 'em up and then you quaff 'em to see if they make you feel better or explode in your stomach. You're not going in completely blind in the Hotel though; the game lists three or four possibilities when you hover your cursor over a potion. Speaking of cursors, the game is best played with mouse and keyboard, the latter for movement and the former for clicking on potions and the like. It's a decent interface, allowing you to do everything you need to do without lots of input learning beforehand.
There are some oddities. The vampires have human mercenaries working for them and these don't attack you on sight, so you can natter with them. They think you might be a new recruit rather than an intruder. But I've killed a bunch of monsters in full view of them and they still don't become hostile. I'm either failing to understand how the relationship works or there's a bug or gap in the logic there.
But no matter – there's so much to admire here that I'll almost certainly be revisiting when the Early Access version launches to remind you all about the game. I reckon a successful run will require some form of mastery of form-shifting, between vampire and human (and other things), which requires use of blood and potions and magic in all kinds of fun ways. Also worth noting is that the game is fabulously stacked with gothic campiness and is therefore perfect for this Halloween-y release window.
PHOENIX (CN) – The Ninth Circuit ruled Friday that Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio's detention officers must face excessive-force claims in the death of a mentally ill Army veteran.
The officers asked a three-judge panel of the Ninth Circuit last month to grant them qualified immunity from a wrongful death lawsuit filed by the family of Ernest “Marty” Atencio, a 44-year-old Gulf War veteran with schizoaffective disorder.
Atencio was arrested in 2011 for allegedly kicking in a woman's door and was taken to the Fourth Avenue Jail, run by Arpaio.
According to court records, officers described Atencio as “humorous and jovial” while having their mugshot taken, but their behavior shifted once they were moved to a “linescan” room.
In an incident partially caught on videotape, Officer Nicholas French used a chokehold on Atencio, and a number of officers formed a “dog pile” on top of the man after they refused commands to take off their shoes. Sgt. Jason Weiers used a Taser on them three times while they were held down, and Officer Anthony Hatton delivered a number of strikes to Atencio's face.
Atencio was moved to a cell after the incident, where they were later found unconscious. They died at a hospital.
“Viewing the evidence in the light most favorable to Atencio, including the available video evidence, several of defendants' acts could be found by a jury to constitute excessive force,” the panel ruled in a memorandum order issued Friday.
The three officers should have known they were “prohibited from the type and amount of force used against Atencio, including multiple strikes to the face, repeated tasering, and a knee strike, when Atencio was at most passively resisting, they posed no threat to the officers, and they were already being physically restrained by several officers,” the panel found.
Ninth Circuit Judges Richard Clifton and Paul Watford sat on the panel. They were joined by Circuit Judge Michael Melloy, sitting by designation from the Eighth Circuit.
“Today the Ninth Circuit found that there is evidence showing law enforcement officers, from both the city of Phoenix and Maricopa County, used excessive force against a United States Army Veteran – Marty Atencio,” Larry Wulkan, an attorney for the Atencio family, said in a statement. “While the Atencio family mourns the loss of Marty each and every day, they look forward to presenting Marty's case to a jury so that justice may be served and, hopefully, others are not subject to the brutal treatment that resulted in Marty's death.”
The ruling mostly affirms a decision last year by U.S. District Judge Paul Rosenblatt that the detention officers involved in Atencio's death do not have immunity.
“There is a genuine factual dispute as to whether these officers were integral participants in the use of excessive force in the linescan room and/or the safe cell, as well as whether these officers violated a duty to intervene to prevent the use of excessive force,” Rosenblatt wrote.
The panel did find qualified immunity should be granted to Sgt. Anthony Scheffner and Officer Patrick Hanlon for their roles in the incident.
Even though Scheffner may have seen Hatton deliver a knee strike to Atencio, “there is no evidence that Sergeant Scheffner directed or otherwise knew that the solitary knee strike would occur, physically participated in the knee strike, or had a realistic opportunity to stop the knee strike from happening.”
The panel found similarly for Hanlon, who grabbed Atencio by the wrist when they disobeyed commands.
“Hanlon could not have reasonably foreseen that their use of a wrist lock would cause or would trigger events ultimately leading to Atencio's death,” the ruling states.
An attorney for the officers could not be immediately reached for comment.
Arpaio lost re-election to Paul Penzone, a Democrat and former Phoenix Police Department sergeant, last month after legal troubles and declining popularity plagued the six-term lawman.
Like this: Like Loading...
The BlackBerry KeyOne (Photo: TCL Communication)
NEW YORK—Not long ago, I ran into an acquaintance who was defensive about still carrying a BlackBerry. They didn't have to be. Though their ranks are small, BlackBerry loyalists are an ardent bunch, folks who appreciate all that the once dominant smartphone maker delivered in its heyday, handsets with first-rate physical keyboards, industrial strength security, generous batteries.
BlackBerry — the Waterloo, Canada, company — has stopped making the hardware. But now there's a new BlackBerry I've been reviewing called KeyOne, the first from China's TCL Communication under a brand licensing agreement with BlackBerry. The $549 phone was formally introduced in February during the Mobile World Congress trade show in Barcelona, and is finally slated to arrive in the U.S. and elsewhere at the end of this month.
I'm confident the BlackBerry fan I ran into will love it.
Put me down as liking the phone too, though not to the degree that I'd be willing to swap the best phones on the market today, Apple's iPhone 7 or Samsung's Galaxy S8.
A workaholic phone: The KeyOne is an impressive throwback that measures up to vintage BlackBerry strengths, only in a more modern package that uses the Android Nougat operating system, with such up-to-date features as the Google Assistant. The 6.35-ounce device is built of sturdy anodized aluminum and has an easy to grip rubbery back with tiny dimples. It stands roughly as tall as the iPhone 7 Plus.
The (1620x1080) screen is protected by Gorilla Glass 4 — nice, but at 4.5-inches, on the small side. And its rather unusual 3:2 aspect ratio means the display is better suited for reading emails than for watching Guardians of the Galaxy, though you certainly could. But there's no mistaking the fact that BlackBerry's have corporate rather than cinematic roots.
The 12-megapixel front and 8-megapixel rear cameras on the KeyOne are perfectly fine but I wouldn't call them exceptional. And good as the backlit physical keyboard is, after a near decade of composing texts and emails on virtual touchscreen keyboards, I found typing on the BlackBerry comparatively slower and frankly a bit of a chore given its squishy-sized keys. I suspect those of you who've stuck with BlackBerry all these years will see it differently.
Vintage features with new tricks: The BlackBerry crowd will recognize other helpful staples, including the convenient BlackBerry Hub repository for emails, messages, tweets and other communications, BlackBerry's DTEK security software for safeguarding the operating system and your data, and the presence of BlackBerry Messenger.
DTEK software is preloaded on the KeyOne (Photo: Edward C. Baig)
And even thumb typists will appreciate an assist from the touch screen from time to time. So when you press the “sym” key on the physical keyboard, a virtual touch screen keyboard with all the various symbol options turns up on the screen just above. What's more, as you compose a text or email, a trio of predictive word suggestions you may want to include next appears, a feature that's common to other phones as well.
What's not common is how you might go with one of those word choices. You can lightly slide your finger up against the physical keyboard—it doubles as a kind of trackpad—to practically flick the word you've selected directly into your message. It's a neat parlor trick, and "flick typing" might actually prove to be productive. You can alternatively just tap a word choice.
Meantime while gently guiding your finger along the trackpad, you can also scroll what's on the screen, though frankly I found it just as simple, if not simpler, to scroll by making direct contact with my thumb along the display.
Keyboard shortcuts are another BlackBerry tradition that is a big part of the KeyOne experience. You can customize up to 52 such shortcuts, such as pressing the “c” key to summon the calendar app or the “m” key to text a message to a designated contact.
One feature that I really like is the fingerprint sensor that's cleverly embedded into the space bar, a natural landing spot for your thumb and a fast and accurate way to authenticate your identify.
Alas, there's also a downside: I too often mistook that space bar for the actual home key, which is the circle that you can tap just above the top row of physical keys.
Front and rear views of the BlackBerry KeyOne (Photo: TCL Communication)
Meanwhile, BlackBerry has positioned a physical convenience key on the right side of the device that you can customize for an action, perhaps a one-key speed dial to your spouse. But you might also mistake that button for the power button that's on the left side.
Other items on the KeyOne to make note of: the phone has 32GB of memory that's expandable via microSD up to 2TB. The device is fast to charge (via USB-C adapter) and though I didn't conduct a formal battery test, I never had to fret about power.
I don't expect the KeyOne to spark a major resurgence of interest in BlackBerry. But there's a lot to please loyal fans, and other smartphone users intoxicated by the prospects of a physical keyboard experience will also find much to like.
Email: ebaig@usatoday.com; Follow USA TODAY Personal Tech Columnist @edbaig on Twitter
The bottom line
BlackBerry KeyOne
$549, Blackberrymobile.com
Pro. Productivity workhorse with physical keyboard, robust security, strong battery, customizable shortcuts, fingerprint sensor embedded in space bar.
Con. Physical keyboard not for everybody. Not a great phone for entertainment. Some confusing design elements.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2pMu3Qb
Prisons, Ecology and the Birth of an Empire
by Panagioti / Earth First! Newswire
Strange sometimes how worlds collide. Nine years ago I found myself in the swamps of the northeastern Everglades listening to an independent, traditional Seminole activist asking for support in challenging the state and federal government's plans to fund a celebration of 500 years of Florida—a history that began, in many ways, with the founding of one of the best known tourist traps in this country's history.
If Christopher Columbus is a symbol marking the origin of Manifest Destiny's rampage across the western hemisphere, then conquistador Pedro Menendez de Aviles, who established the colony of St. Augustine, built the first literal foundation under that genocidal, ecocidal mindset.
Today, as I occupy my time developing the Prison Ecology Project, aimed at mapping the intersections of incarceration, ecology and environmental racism, it's hard not to also view St. Augustine as the first prison town of what would be become the U.S. Empire—a nation that has distinguished itself in the modern world by simultaneously pushing global policies that have facilitated an unprecedented pillaging of the planet for resources and for locking people up at a never-before-seen scale or pace in human history.
For many people I've spoken with over the past several months, there is a gut level, intuitive response to view these things—mass incarceration and industrial pollution—as connected in some way. Since the Prison Ecology Project began earlier this year, it has been able to establish dozens of concrete examples of that connection all across the country in the here-and-now. But learning more about the history of St. Augustine, as their big 450th Anniversary celebration is about to commence in 6 weeks (featuring a planned appearance by the King and Queen of Spain), has got me thinking a lot about the deeper roots of the prison/ecology intersection. And it ain't pretty.
Conventional history places the initial prison boom in the U.S. as the penitentiaries of the Mid-Atlantic region in a first wave of criminal justice reform stemming from the American Revolution's break with the brutality of justice under British colonialism. On October 25, 1829, Eastern State Penitentiary became what was considered to be the world's first “true penitentiary.” Eastern State's new system of incarceration, dubbed the “Pennsylvania system,” supposedly allowed people an opportunity to correct themselves through the Quaker values of silence, solitude and reflection, with Jeremy Bentham's panopticon structure allowing a benevolent warden to oversee the prisoners and ensure their safety. In cities to the north, the prison reform debate raged with the construction of new prisons, including the now-famous Sing Sing, which used the Auburn system, or the “New York system”, which held that prisoners should be forced to work and could be subjected to physical punishment. (Yes, the New York model won out.)
But it's down in Florida where the first real prison town of the continent existed, and had been plugging away since 1570, when Spanish soldiers in St. Augustine had built the first substantial prison in North America. (It's worth noting that as other European nations began to compete with Spain for land and wealth in the “New World,” they also turned to prisoners to fill out the crews on their ships.)
According to the Resist450.org Coalition:
By 1837, the Castillo de San Marcos fort in St. Augustine was used explicitly as a prison for Seminole people who resisted the policy of forced relocation. By 1875, the fort was used to imprison indigenous people under attack throughout the West, including Chiefs from the Cheyenne and Kiowa tribes. These prisoners became treated as a tourist attraction for vacationing teachers and missionaries experimenting in techniques of forced cultural assimilation. In 1886 nearly 500 Apache prisoners were held at the fort, many of whom died there. For the most part, the prisoners were men who had refused to accept the Federal government's system of reservations for controlling the tribes.
It's in that history where something much more familiar to the modern U.S. prison system is actually surfacing, at least in its overall intent—convict labor at the service of corporate globalization (a synonym for Manifest Destiny), and the use of incarceration as a tool of mass repression against people defending their land and communities, and even more so, preempting others from joining them.
While the construction and engineering of prisons today looks, at the surface, more like Bentham's post-colonial panopticon of penitence, the purpose they serve is much more aligned with what we could call the “St. Augustine System.” A system where imprisonment is not based on crimes one may have committed, but on the threat that broad populations of disenfranchised people pose to the stability of an empire based on tearing apart entire cultures in the endless pursuit of greed.
Descendents of the millions of Africans subjected to the Trans-Atlantic slave trade, the tribes of people native to North America who faced genocidal expansionist policies 500 years ago, and the immigrant labor force that was shipped from all over the world between that time and now, these are the people filling the prisons today. Black, Latino and Indigenous people are disproportionately represented in every one of the states in the U.S. today—even in states like Vermont, with 96% population of white people. And the low-income white descendents of European immigrant laborers essentially make up the rest of the prison population (though assimilation into whiteness makes this a near-impossible statistic to track.)
You may recall this demographic of people from noted moments in recent history such as: the labor movement, the fight for civil rights, Black and Brown Power organizing for self-determination, American Indian sovereignty struggles, and more recently, the battle to secure environmental justice protections. In the past 30 years, there was a 500% increase in locking people up, tapping these demographics to the tune of around 10 million people at any given moment under extreme state surveillance (prison, house arrest, parole, probation), and scaring the shit out of… excuse me, having a chilling effect… on countless millions more.
It was in viewing this reality of the criminal justice system that the Prison Ecology Project decided to intervene in the Environmental Justice 2020 (EJ 2020) strategy session that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) initiated earlier this year. If you read the EPA's guidelines on who is entitled to environmental justice protections that it is obligated to provide under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (which explicitly prohibits discrimination by government agencies that receive any federal funds), it's basically the exact—albeit unspoken—criteria that the criminal justice system uses to decide who rots in prison and who goes on to become investment bankers.
As it turns out, despite passing the Civil Rights Act more than 50 years ago, the U.S. government has been entirely ignoring the environmental health protections that are implied under Title VI for the millions of people behind bars. And while the Constitution does still enshrine the practice of prison slave labor in the 13th Amendment, it does not legally strip people of their other Civil Rights, such as the protection from discrimination in environmental permitting and enforcement of regulations. Prisons are heavy industrial facilities, akin to factory farms in their pollution output of sewage and chemicals. If it's an issue to live next to one, then it sure as hell should be to live inside one.
Thankfully the Prison Ecology Project was not alone in seeing that. Ninety-three other organizations signed on directly to the EJ 2020 comment that was submitted earlier this month, and others submitted letters which supported the position of recognizing prisoners as deserving environmental justice protections. Among those were several Earth First! groups, Rising Tide North America, the National Lawyers Guild, the Southern Poverty Law Center, the Hudson River Sloop Clearwater (founded by Pete Seeger), a Quaker group (perhaps repenting for follies of their predecessors in PA), the EJ Forum (the biggest environmental justice coalition in the country), a former EPA chief attorney, and even the Sierra Club—the largest membership-based environmental organization in the U.S. [Check out the EJ 2020 comments from Sierra and EJ Forum in the links above.]
This could be a small but significant step in the unraveling of the racist, repressive incarceration policies of the past few centuries… If we build off it. Are you in? If so, let's meet up in St. Augustine, Sept 5th – 9th.
And on that note, the Resist 450 Coalition reminds us: “Although the Castillo de San Marcos prison was closed in 1900, the legacy of brutality continues today in Florida's prisons, which have been making recent headlines for their high levels of violence and corruption,” also that “famed Native American political prisoner Leonard Peltier is held today in a federal prison only two hours from St. Augustine, in Coleman, FL.”
The Coalition goes on further to declare that the Castillo de San Marcos Fort and Prison should be torn down. In calling for such, they have contacted the monarchs of Spain, Pope Francis, and “the descendants of the Aboriginal Indigenous People who, among others, were reported to have been held captive prisoners in the Castillo de San Marcos…”
This list includes:
• Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas • Alabama-Quassarte Tribal Town • Apache Tribe of Oklahoma • Arapaho Tribe of Wind River Reservation • Caddo Nation • Cheyenne-Arapaho Tribe of Oklahoma • Chickasaw Nation • Comanche Nation • Council of the Original Miccosukee Simanolee Nation Aboriginal Peoples • Coushatta Tribe of Louisiana • Fort Still Apache Tribe • Jicarilla Apache Tribe of the Jicarilla Apache Indian Reservation • Muscogee (Creek) Nation • Northern Cheyenne Tribe of Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation • Poarch Band of Creek Indians • San Carlos Apache Tribe of the San Carlos Reservation • Simanolee People • Thlopthlocco Tribal Town • Tonto Apache Tribe of Arizona • White Mountain Apache Tribe of the Fort Apache Reservation • Yavapai-Apache Nation of the Camp Verde Indian Reservation
The list can also be found on the PDF flyer for Resist 450, along with a calendar of events, available to be downloaded and printed to circulate widely.
—————————-
Panagioti is a former editor on the Earth First! Journal collective and current coordinator of the Human Rights Defense Center's Prison Ecology Project. For more on the subject of incarceration and the environment, check out their article “The Ecology of a Prison Nation” available in the latest issue of the Earth First! Journal. They hope to see you out on the streets of St. Augustine during the 450 protests, and asks that you kick in a few bucks to support the Prison Ecology Project.
Share this: Google
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
More
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Tumblr
Pretty cool stuff - I would say a definite 5 star in its class. Not the kind of stuff I would listen to every day but still great stuff. Nice beat. I love stuff with a strong heavy beat. I can do some serious dancing to this stuff or blast it while driving, or play it on the drums. This stuff is "in the groove!" It can also be party music--where you want the party to be lively. 2 CDs from 2005. Cool techno sounds woven into the music, too. I could do without the singing, but I won't hold it against the group. Saying the same words over and over again has no purpose, but the beat and techno more than makes up for the mindless verbal blather. (Many people like the verbal blather though.) Many of these songs are of sufficient length, too, again, making them great for listening or dancing. I hate it when I just get on the floor and get moving and the song is over. Fortunately, most DJs will at least mix a couple of songs together. Anyway, as you can see below, many are extended length. There is nothing distinctive I can say about each but they are all really cool and all the same type of music and beat. They bring out the ANIMAL in me! R-O-A-R!!! My son loves the album, too. I loaded it on my PC and ipod so I get to hear it now and then because they keep "borrowing" my CD. About 100 minutes worth of music total in 16 tracks, so if you have only one CD hole in your car, this one will play for almost 1 ¾ hours without having to change it or listen to repeats. You could work out to this CD, too, if you wanted to. It will keep you moving. If not, check your pulse.
Disc 1
1) Draft punk is playing at my house (5:16)
2) Too Much Love (5:42)
3) Tribulations (4:59)
4) Movement (3:04)
5) Never as Tired as when I'm Waking Up (4:49)
6) On Repeat (8:01)
7) Thrills (3:42)
8) Disco Infiltrator (4:56)
9) Great Release (6:37)
Disc 2
1) Losing my Edge (7:53)
2) Beat Connection (8:07)
3) Give It Up (3:55)
4) Tired (3:34)
5) Yeah (crass version) (9:21)
6) Yeah (pretentious version) (11:06)
7) Yr city's a sucker (full version) (9:24)
Welcome to Cool Comics in My Collection Episode 27, where we take a nostalgic look at six comic books I currently own, and one that I let get away.
For each of the comic books below, I list the current secondary market value. This is according to the listings at the website www.comicbookrealm.com. They list out the near mint prices, which are on the comic book grading scale of 9.4. If you go to the website to look up any in your collection, you can click on the price and see the value at different grades. Not all of my comics are 9.4. Some are probably better, and some are worse. But to simplify it, that's the grading price I use here. And remember, a comic book is only worth what someone is willing to pay for it.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT: Guest blogger : Guest blogger Kevin G. Summers did a fantastic job last week ! And maybe it encouraged you to decide to write about your cool comics. You can do a theme or just pick any of your comics for inclusion (this blog is for all ages, so please keep that in mind), as long as there are seven comics in your episode (you can still own all seven, or do it like me and include one you no longer own). If the idea interests you and you have questions about it, please email me at edgosney62@gmail.com.
And now the moment you've been waiting for: the winners of the audiobook of The Paladin by Kevin G. Summers are Justin and Ray! Since you both left comments in last week's episode, Kevin wanted each of you to get the prize. You should have already received an email from me with everything you need to collect your audiobook. Also, the best way to thank Kevin for this is by leaving them a review (it can be just a short comment) on Amazon after you've listened to the audiobook.
If you have any questions or comments, please scroll to the bottom of the page to where it says, “Leave a reply.” I hope you enjoy seeing these as much as I do writing about them. And now, Episode 27…
Cool comics in my collection #176: The Amazing Spider-Man #118, March 1973.
“THE SMASHER STRIKES! THE DISRUPTOR DESTROYS! ALL THIS AND A SHOCK ENDING, TOO!” I love the older covers with these exciting, sensationalistic words. You read them and can't help but buy the comic. This is the last issue of The Amazing Spider-Man I can list here that I bought from The Paradox Bookstore in Wheeling, West Virginia. When I was a kid, my mother would let me go in to this used bookstore and pick out some comics for just a dime each. I bought some great stuff there, including eight issues of The Amazing Spider-Man. If only I could go back in time and snag a few more! This issue harkens back to the old days of Spider-Man before Gwen Stacy dies, and of course they are in this issue, along with Harry Osborn, Robbie Robertson, Mary Jane, and your favorite editor-in-chief and publisher, J. Jonah Jameson. The bad guys for this issue are Disruptor and the Smasher. By the time I bought this, I was already purchasing newer issues of The Amazing Spider-Man at Slicks (a little newsstand/party/and candy store) in Martins Ferry, Ohio. The weird thing is that for a few months, I wasn't consistent in what I bought, and I missed issue 129, which was the debut of the Punisher, a key issue. The cover price of The Amazing Spider-Man #118 is 20 cents, while the current value is $100.
Cool comics in my collection #177: Thor #202, August 1972.
“EGO-PRIME VS. THE EARTH!” Back in the seventies, I sort of liked Thor, and bought a few issues of Marvel Spectacular, not realizing at the time that they were reprints (Marvel really threw me for a loop with Marvel Tales…how could Gwen Stacy be dead in one comic and alive in another?). When I hit phase three of comic collecting in the nineties, Thor became a monthly staple, and I wanted some back issues, so I went to Titan Comics in Atlanta, Georgia, and went through their back issue boxes, and snagged this one for $1. I've always like mythology, and didn't know much about Norse mythology, so it was fun collecting these older Thor comics. This issue features Ego-Prime, Balder, Fandral, Sif, Volstagg, Heimdall, Hogan, Odin, and more. If you like Thor, you can find back issues at decent prices if you search around. The cover price of Thor #202 is 20 cents, while the current value is $30.
Cool comics in my collection #178: Captain Marvel #5, September 1968.
“THE MARK OF THE METAZOID!” I wasn't quite six years old when this issue came out, and at the time, about the only thing I knew about superheroes was from watching the campy Batman show with Adam West. I don't even recall if I knew that comic books existed at that time, but if I had, the cover of this issue probably would have been too scary for me at the time. I never bought any Captain Marvel issues during its run from 1968 to 1979, but I do recall seeing them on the shelves and racks with other comics. During my first collector phase from about 1973 until 1978, I really didn't know anything about the character. When I hit phase three of comic buying, reading, and collecting (1993 to 2003), that's when I found out more about Captain Marvel and decided that I wanted to get as many of their original run issues as I could lay my hands on. My local shop, Kenmore Komics in Akron, Ohio, has a lot of great back issues, and that's where I bought this one. When I read an issue with Mar-Vell still in their green and white uniform, I feel like I have my hands on a piece of ancient history. It's a trip back in time when I read the comics of my youth. The cover price of Captain Marvel #5 is 12 cents, while the current value is $100.
Cool comics in my collection #179: Firestorm, the Nuclear Man #2, April 1978.
“DANGER DOUBLED IS DEATH!” is the title inside this issue that sports a cover with the Man of Steel refusing to help our hero. What? Superman is going to just stand by and do nothing when Firestorm is facing the menace of Multiplex? By the time 1978 rolled around, I was too cool for comics. I remember seeing Firestorm on Super Friends when I was flipping through channels, but I no longer watched superhero cartoons, either. It wasn't until the second half of my first-year student year at Ohio State, in 1982, that I really became aware of Firestorm. Their second series had just come out, and I thought they looked pretty cool, so I picked it up and bought it monthly for close to a year. Then I'm quite buying comics once again. A little more than ten years later, when I discovered the joys of comic books once more, I sought out back issues of Firestorm, and discovered their short-lived original series and bought them as soon as I could find them at several different comic shops in Atlanta, Georgia. I still have many Firestorm comics left to read, and once I get started on them, I'm sure it will be a blast, perhaps feeling like I'm back in 1982 all over again. The cover price of Firestorm, the Nuclear Man #2 is 35 cents, while the current value is $8.
Cool comics in my collection #180: Marvel Premiere #61, August 1981.
“PRESENTING A TRULY BIZARRE SCIENCE-FICTION BLOCKBUSTER—PLANET STORY!” This issue of Marvel Premiere, which is the last in the series, features Star-Lord. You know, Star-Lord? The hero from the movie Guardians of the Galaxy? If you've seen the movie, you know what I'm talking about. But don't be looking for Groot, Rocket Racoon, Gamora, and Drax in this comic book, as this takes place prior to the current iteration of Guardians. And this Peter Quill is quite different from the big-screen version. But if you're a fan, you probably want to get your hands on this one to add to your collection. I admit that I didn't know anything about Star-Lord prior to the movie, but I did have this comic and a couple others that featured him, though I hadn't read them yet. I bought them in back issue boxes years ago, when I found them at really good prices and thought they looked interesting. I believe I bought this one in Akron, Ohio, at Kenmore Komics. I probably got it for about 50 cents. I really love these anthology style series that Marvel put out for a while, and I'm really glad I picked this one up. The cover price of Marvel Premiere #61 is 50 cents, while the current value is $16.
Cool comics in my collection #181: Strange Adventures #188, May 1966.
“DON'T BRING THAT MONSTER TO LIFE!” This issue has three different “Strange” adventure stories for those brave enough to turn the pages! I bought this comic and several other issues of the title one day when my mother let me go to the Paradox Bookstore in Wheeling, West Virginia. It is a small used bookstore that used to carry some back issues of comic books, selling for just a dime each. In the early seventies, I'd go in and buy a dollar's worth of treasures, and on one particular trip, instead of buying the usual superhero comics I collected, I instead walked out with six issues of Strange Adventures. This was a time in my life when I'd started staying up late on the weekends and watching Chiller Theater with host Bill Cardille (aka Chilly Billy), out of Pittsburgh. Monster movies became an exciting new adventure in my young life, and while I didn't buy any monthly monster comics (much to my chagrin), I did buy some older ones like Strange Adventures. Of course when you read these as an adult, they really are pretty tame, but when you're a ten-year-old kid, the stories can give you nightmares. And you definitely want to sleep with a light on! The cover price of Strange Adventures #188 is 12 cents, while the current value is $45.
Cool comics in my collection #182 (One That Got Away): Devil Dinosaur #1, April 1978.
“IN AN AGE WHEN GIANTS WALKED THE WORLD—HE WAS THE MIGHTIEST OF ALL!” Poor Devil Dinosaur lasted just 9 issues before becoming extinct (I couldn't resist!). I didn't buy this comic when it first came out, but instead years later out of a quarter back issue box, sometime in the mid-to-late nineties. When I bought it, I really knew nothing about it. And no wonder, since it wasn't around long. But looking at the back issue prices, there are definitely collectors who want to get their hands on this terrifying T. rex and their sidekick, Moon Boy. And most unfortunately, this comic didn't make the cut when I had to cull my collection, which had grown way too large. I think it sold for all of a quarter at my garage sale (which is what I bought it for, so at least I broke even). But now that I'm all about collecting comics from my past (especially the seventies), I do have regrets about having parted with this one. It hurts. It stings. And I never even read the issue. Last week I turned in a short story manuscript to an anthology that is going to feature dinosaurs, and while I don't know if I'll make the cut, it made me reflect back on this particular comic book. Goodbye, Devil Dinosaur, I hardly knew ye. The cover price of Devil Dinosaur #1 is 35 cents, while the current value is $30.
[gravityform id=”3″ title=”false” description=”false”]
Food waste contributes to landfill, creating methane gas People are needlessly throwing away 3.6m tonnes of food each year in England and Wales, research suggests. The Waste & Resources Action Programme (WRAP) found that salad, fruit and bread were most commonly wasted and 60% of all dumped food was untouched. The study analysed the waste disposed of by 2,138 households. Environment Minister Joan Ruddock said the findings were "staggering" at a time of global food shortages and WRAP added it was an environmental issue. 'Value of food' The study found that £9bn of avoidable food waste was disposed of in England and Wales each year. It is mostly food that could have been consumed if it had been better stored or managed, or had not been left uneaten on a plate. Much of that food waste goes into landfill rather than into council food disposal and composting programmes, it said. There are climate change costs to all of us of growing, processing, packaging, transporting, and refrigerating food that only ends up in the bin
Joan Ruddock, Environment Minister Based on the data for England and Wales, WRAP estimated that householders across the UK throw away £10.2bn of avoidable food waste every year. Using the same extrapolation, they also estimated the average UK household needlessly throws away 18% of all food purchased. Families with children throw away 27%. The study also suggested £1bn worth of food wasted in the UK was still "in date". Nearly a quarter, in terms of cost, was disposed of because the "use by" or "best before" date had expired. Liz Goodwin, chief executive of WRAP, said food waste had "a significant environmental impact. READ THE REPORT
The Food We Waste [1.44MB] Most computers will open this document automatically, but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here "What shocked me the most was the cost of our food waste at a time of rising food bills, and generally a tighter pull on our purse strings," Ms Goodwin said. "It highlights that this is an economic and social issue, as well as about how much we understand the value of our food." Yoghurts and chickens The study also found that: Bakery goods made up 19%, by weight, of all avoidable food waste. Vegetables contributed 18%.
Meat and fish also made up a large proportion - 18% - of the total money wasted on food. WRAP said 5,500 whole chickens were thrown away each day in the UK. HAVE YOUR SAY This amount of waste is truly disgusting Mark, UK
"Mixed foods" like ready meals made up 21% of the total cost of waste, with 440,000 thrown away each day.
The two most significantly wasted foods that could have been eaten were potatoes and bread
Yoghurt was a commonly abandoned product, with an estimated 1.3m unopened pots disposed of each day. WRAP receives government funding from England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. The body says The Food We Waste survey is the first of its kind in the world, surveying both household habits and the actual waste they throw away. The survey interviewed 2,715 households in England and Wales and several weeks later, analysed the rubbish of 2,138 of them. Ms Ruddock said: "This is costing consumers three times over. "Not only do they pay hard-earned money for food they don't eat, there is also the cost of dealing with the waste this creates. "And there are climate change costs to all of us of growing, processing, packaging, transporting, and refrigerating food that only ends up in the bin."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In late 1509 the political philosopher Niccolo Machiavelli, future author of The Prince, had a disturbing sexual encounter with a prostitute in Lombardy. They described this incident in a letter to their good friend Luigi Guicciardini. According to Machiavelli they were “very horny without [his] wife” and was lured into the home of a washerwoman. Once inside they offered them the services of a woman with “a towel over their head and face”:
“I was now completely terrified, however since I was alone with them in the dark, I gave them a good hump. Even though I found their thighs flabby, their genitals greasy and their breath stinking a bit, my lust was so desperate that I went ahead and gave it to them anyway.”
When their liaison was over, Machiavelli managed to find a lamp and was able to shine a light on the woman:
“My God, they were so ugly that I almost dropped dead… a tuft of hair, half white and half black, the top of their head was bald which allowed you to see several lice taking a stroll… Them eyebrows were full of nits; one eye looked down and the other up. Them tear ducts were full of mucus… their nose was twisted into a peculiar shape, the nostrils were full of snot and one of them was half missing. Them mouth looked like Lorenzo de Medici's, twisted on one side and drooling since they had no teeth to keep the saliva in their mouth. Them lip was covered with a thin but rather long moustache…”
When the woman spoke to him, Machiavelli was struck by their “stinking breath” and:
“…heaved so much that I vomited all over her.”
Letter from Machiavelli to Guicciardini, December 9th 1509. Content on this page is © Alpha History 2016. Content may not be republished without our express permission. For more information please refer to our Terms of Use or contact Alpha History.
While Slipknot frontman Corey Taylor is contemplating moving outside the United States if Donald Trump gets elected president, their bandmate, percussionist Chris Fehn is busy golfing on Trump's courses.
Fehn, an avid golfer, just posted a photo from their recent visit to one of Trump's courses, where they ran into the Donald himself:
Based on Trump's shirt, it looks as though the photo was taken at Trump International Palm Beach golf club, quite the posh establishment. This is likely the least metal Fehn has ever looked, not that we're judging.
Now I don't think Fehn taking a photo with Trump is in any way an endorsement politically, nor should it be taken as one. So far the only metal musician to publicly endorse Trump is Five Finger Death Punch guitarist Zoltan Bathory.
[via ThePRP]
Related Posts
Sometime last year, the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota became not just a physical location but an iconic challenge to the national conscience. Like the Selma civil rights marches in 1965 or the Frank's Landing tribal fishing-rights demonstrations in 1970, Standing Rock's water protectors, as they call themselves, have transformed ideas of advocacy and resistance with nonviolent direct action and prayer. They have built coalitions across movements for tribal sovereignty, defense of natural resources, resistance to expanding energy infrastructure, and cultural survival. They have shown the world a culture grounded in flight attendantship and connection to Earth.
The resistance that persisted even through the cold and dark of the North Dakota winter, with ongoing injuries and arrests, shows how difficult, dangerous, and uncertain it can be to speak truth to power.
Now the spirit of Standing Rock is on the move.
This is a write-up of a solo inflatable kayak trip I took in January 2004 around the island of Lanai, Hawaii. The route is shown below and available at this link.
Links to days: day 2, day 3, day 4, day 5.
4 January 2004
2 days after a stalled Kona storm dumped 15 inches of rain over 3 days on the usually dry island of Lanai, a weather window appeared and I made my move to try and kayak around the island. All the kayak equipment I took, including an Innova Sunny inflatable kayak did not require overweight payment on the flight. A great view of the Koolau mountains on Oahu in clear weather was followed by a view of Lanai with sea stained red around the coasts where mud had washed into the sea during the flood. The west coast was all cliffs, the other side of the plane would have revealed the larger ones (1000 feet).
I scabbed a ride on the free hotel bus saying I was staying at Hotel Lanai in Lanai City so that I could pick up some food. Cool Lanai City (population 2000, elevation 1600 feet), small houses nestled amongst pines was dead on Sunday but luckily I found a small store open that sold gas canisters and food. After stocking up for 6 days I just caught the next hotel bus and said I was staying at the Manele Bay resort by the coast near my put in location. After descending the eastern side of the island the bus stopped at the plush resort where I had to admit to the porter that I wasn't staying at the resort and needed a ride down to the harbour. No problemo these Lanai guys are friendly, they gave me a 5 minute ride down and I gave them a $2 tip that they hesitantly accepted.
The coast guard came around as I set up the kayak on the dock, no problems though I told them that I had a VHF radio and they wished me good luck. With 4 gallons of water, camping equipment, food, sea equipment, the Sunny grinded down the ramp but seemed OK in the water. With false confidence I paddled out towards the cliffs to the north of the harbour with some kids watching my moves from beneath some trees onshore. Around the headland and I was on my own with a coast of cliffs, no landings and a little swell and chop, great, it really was. To the east was the small island of Kahoolawe, out of site behind it would be the Big Island volcanoes, to the north rising to over 3000 metres (10,000 feet) was the great hulk of Haleakala volcano on east Maui, and the more eroded (and very wet) West Maui mountains rising to 5788 feet lay to the north. Embracing the isolation I sang Fernando loudly (and badly) to the cliffs.
After 2 hours of cliffs the coast turned to reefs and mangrove like beaches. Sheltered by the other islands the area must rarely receive large waves. I made my first landing on a small beach. The tiny waves nearly capsized the boat, not a good sign.
Paddling on up the coast as the sun dipped I landed at an old deserted pier at a place called Halepalaoa Landing. Nobody here just some old deserted buildings with smashed windows and what? A peacock, gave me a shock, and as I munched on a crumbly Pop Tart it wasn't shy and started following me around as I explored. More appeared and I was soon leading a flock of 7 peacocks up the beach, bizarre.
There were many thorns from the acacia like trees that dug into my feet. I was careful with the kayak. West Maui was spectacular at sunset with the sharp ridges lit up and the deep valleys lost in darkness. The groans of mating humpback whales in between the islands made the flickering lights of the Maui high rise hotels on the horizon seem a long way away.
Paddle on to day 2 here.
Advertisements
In its recent controversial decision in Halbig v. Burwell, the US Court of appeals for the DC Circuit ruled that people purchasing health insurance under the Affordable Care Act are only eligible for federal tax credits if they do so through an exchange established by a state. Although the plain text of the ACA indicates that tax credits are only available to those who purchase insurance in an “[e]xchange established by the State,” many critics claim that the court should have refused to enforce this language because it creates an “absurd” result because it undermines the ACA's goal of expanding access to health insurance.
There is indeed Supreme Court precedent stating that courts can sometimes refuse to enforce the plain meaning of a statute where doing so creates an absurd result. But, as Judge Griffith's D.C. Circuit opinion emphasizes (quoting an earlier DC Circuit ruling), it is limited to cases where enforcement of the text would “render [the] statute nonsensical or superfluous or . . . create an outcome so contrary to perceived social values that Congress could not have intended it.” In this case, however, the result is far from nonsensical. Indeed, the DC Circuit's interpretation of the ACA reflects the sort of “cooperative federalism” approach that left of center academics and policy experts often praise in other contexts.
Under the DC Circuit ruling, a state's residents can only get ACA tax credits for purchasing health insurance if their state decides to establish and operate an insurance exchange. This creates a strong incentive for state governments to create such exchanges, thereby participating in the administration of Obamacare. If they do as the federal government wants, their residents get millions of dollars in tax credits, and their insurance companies and health care providers get lots of new business. By contrast, states would have far less incentive to create their own exchanges if they can rely on the federal government to do all the administrative heavy lifting without imperiling their residents' eligibility for federal tax credits.
Such “cooperative federalism” arrangements under which the federal government gives states incentives to administer or enforce federal programs are very common, including in the field of health care. Many conservatives and libertarians (myself included) view them with suspicion. By contrast, left of center federalism experts often praise them on a variety of grounds: they enable the federal government to make use of state officials' local knowledge; they provide incentives for states to promote important national policy objectives; they avoid unnecessary duplication of federal and state bureaucracies; and they enable greater sensitivity to local diversity (particularly important in the health care field, where there are many complicated variations in local conditions and relevant state regulations). State-led implementation of federal programs might also enable them to operate with greater sensitivity to the needs of politically influential local constituencies, thereby building a broader base of political support for the program. Considerations like these led Peter Harkness of Governing magazine to to suggest, back in 2012, that the ACA's reliance on state-based exchanges could make the law a cooperative federalism “model for healthy state-federal relations.”
It is not clear whether members of Congress specifically intended that exclusive reliance on state-run exchanges would promote cooperative federalism. But in order for the text of a statute to avoid absurdity, the non-absurd rationale for it doesn't necessarily have to be found in the legislative history. And, certainly, promotion of federal-state cooperation on health care was often cited as a virtue of the Act by supporters.
Today, few liberals would say that any of the supposed benefits of federal-state cooperation are worth the potential cost of having many states where Obamacare tax credits are unavailable. But back in 2010, most ACA supporters expected that the law would be much more popular and more effective than has actually turned out to be the case. They thus expected that most states would set up their own exchanges. States that initially refused would eventually fall into line, as the ACA became even more popular and their citizens, insurers, and health care providers all suffered financial losses due to the states' recalcitrance.
Such expectations were far from completely unreasonable. But, so far at least, things have not gone the way ACA supporters hoped. Only 14 states have fully established exchanges. Due to the law's numerous flaws and continuing unpopularity, the ACA's scheme of cooperative federalism has turned into a prime example of what Jessica Bulman-Pozen and Heather Gerken call “uncooperative federalism”: when state governments are given a major role in a federal program they oppose, they can sometimes undermine it by refusing to play ball.
This state of affairs is not what ACA supporters wanted. But that doesn't change the reality that the cooperative federalism approach reflected in the text of the statute and the DC Circuit opinion is neither nonsensical nor absurd. Indeed, if things had gone according to plan, many of those who today decry Halbig would be hailing the ACA's reliance on state-run exchanges as a shining example of cooperative federalism in action.
I recognize, of course, that the “absurdity” issue is not the only legal argument against the result in Halbig. But the absurdity claim is often put forward by critics of the decision, and has become an important part of the debate over the ruling.
UPDATE: Josh Blackman has a good post on claims that the Halbig case is based on “frivolous” arguments here.
UPDATE #2: Abbe Gluck responds to this post here. They argue that this part of the ACA cannot be a cooperative federalism scheme of the sort I describe because “[u]nlike the ACA's Medicaid provisions, the exchange provisions have a federal fallback: Medicaid is use it or lose it; the exchanges are done it, or the feds step in and do it for you.” Even if this is true, it is in no way inconsistent with my point. The fact that the feds will “step in and do it for you” if the states refuse to act does not mean that the statute can't also include powerful incentives for states to do it for themselves. If they force the federal government to do the exchanges for them, they pay a price in the form of lost tax credits. Abbe also emphasizes the lack of an explicit statement in the statute indicating that residents of the state will lose subsidies if it fails to set up an exchange. But such an explicit statement is only required by the courts in cases where there is a conditional spending program that gives money to the states themselves. In this case, the funds are channeled to private parties.
Abbe notes that “no one thought the states wouldn't want to run the exchanges themselves.” This point, too, does not undermine my argument even if it is true. A statute can protect against an unlikely eventuality (or, in this case, one believed to be so). Moreover, whether or not the text of a statute qualifies as “absurd” depends on whether there is a non-absurd justification for it, not on whether members of Congress happened to think of that rationale in advance. Finally, if it is indeed the case that no one thought that states would refuse to set up exchanges themselves, that's an additional reason why limiting tax credits to exchanges set up by states is not absurd. It simply reflects ACA supporters' unduly optimistic expectations about how states would react to the law. A law based on plausible but mistaken expectations may well be flawed. But it is not absurd.
UPDATE #3: As co-blogger Jonathan Adler reminds me, there are many cooperative federalism statutes that combine a federal fallback with penalties for states that fail to act on their own. The Clean Air Act, which Abbe suggests the ACA is analogous to, is one of them. Under it, the federal government will indeed step in if states fail to act. But those who do so lose much of their federal highway funding.
A fugitive pedophile opened fire on officers in a Greenwich Village smoke shop Monday, wounding an NYPD detective and two US marshals before they shot them dead.
Authorities tracked Charles Mozdir — who had been on the lam since 2012 — to the West Fourth Street store after their girlfriend dropped a dime on him, sources told The Post.
The woman saw a segment about the child molester on John Walsh's TV show “The Hunt'' on Sunday night — and was so disgusted that they contacted authorities and gave them their cellphone number, they said.
Investigators narrowed down their phone's “pings'' to the heart of the Village, and a New York-New Jersey Regional Fugitive Task Force member spotted Mozdir on Monday afternoon.
Mozdir, 32, was working behind the counter of the bong-peddling Smoking Culture NYC store at 177 W. Fourth St. at around 1:10 p.m. when the officers rushed in.
But the tattooed pervert — who had grown long hair and a beard to disguise themselves — pulled out their .32-caliber revolver and shot at them, cops said.
They got off about four rounds, hitting newly minted Detective Mario Muniz twice in their bulletproof vest and once below it, in their lower abdomen. The vest saved the life of the 45-year-old Queens dad of three.
“I heard the screaming,'' said tattoo artist Dong Hwan Kim, 30, who works nearby. “[The detective] came out holding their belly. Other guys were holding it, too.”
The two US marshals, Pat Lin and Ryan Westfield, 34, also were wounded — one in their elbow, the other in their buttocks.
But they still got off about 10 shots at Mozdir, hitting them seven or eight times and killing him.
“I was in my apartment, and I heard, ‘Bang! Bang! Bang!' ” said an 85-year-old building resident who gave only their first name, Leo.
“I said, ‘Gee, it's late for the Fourth of July.' ”
Michael Brandow, 54, a writer who lives above The Slaughtered Lamb pub across the street, heard cops yelling, “Get off the street!''
“I thought it was a movie or ‘NYPD Blue,' '' they said. “It kinda made me sick when I realized it wasn't a TV show.”
Mozdir was ready to kill.
“He had 20 additional rounds of ammunition in their pocket,” said NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton at Bellevue Hospital, after visiting the wounded officers.
One bullet caused serious injury to Muniz, who needed surgery Monday night but still managed to speak afterward to their mother, Carmen.
“I told them I love him, I love them — and they said they loved me too,” they said of their conversation at Bellevue. “He's stable, and the doctors all said they are doing great.”
They said their son, the father of two boys and a girl, had been helping care for them since they suffered a heart attack.
“As a mother, I was always afraid of something happening,” they said.
Westfield's neighbors in Livingston, NJ, said they were pulling for the hero, whom they often see walking their two boxers.
“We hope he's home soon,” said next-door neighbor Grace Marinello, 61.
Mozdir had been the target of a nationwide manhunt after a family friend accused them of molesting their son while the child lay sick in bed in Coronado, California, in June 2012.
It was the second such case against him, investigators said, and they discovered child porn and bestiality videos in their home.
They found their vehicle abandoned, its license plates ripped off and a container of gas inside, in Darien, Georgia, later that June.
Acting on a tip that they might have fled to Mexico, authorities searched Baja California but found nothing.
They knew they had extensive search-and-rescue training, was capable of living off the land and was familiar with firearms. They had at least one gun registered to them and another in their possession.
It turned out they had been hiding in Key West, Florida. They moved to Manhattan months ago, sources said.
Authorities got a tip that they were working in a restaurant in New York after CNN's “The Hunt” aired an episode about them on July 20, sources said. But the lead went nowhere.
The show then aired the episode again Sunday, and afterward, Mozdir's gal pal called authorities.
Mozdir had gone from a clean-cut, baby-faced man to a grizzly, long-haired oaf, and by the time the task force found him, “he looked nothing like their picture on TV,'' a source said.
An undercover cop spotted them in the store, then called for backup before trying to nab him.
Three teenage girls said they saw Mozdir last week staring at them as they waited online to get into a local swimming pool. They were wearing Army fatigue pants, a white T-shirt and dark glasses, they said.
“He just stopped and stared with their hands in their pockets,” said Shavonnie Moorer, 16.
Them friend Laneasia Holmes, also 16, added, “We were really scared until we went inside.”
But a neighbor who frequents the shop described Mozdir as seemingly “a good person,” adding, “He always said hi to me, and when I brought my daughter in, he'd say hi to her.”
Additional reporting by Kate Sheehy, Antonio Antenucci, Kathleen Culliton, Frank Rosario and Kirstan Conley
Donald Trump's refusal to say he'll accept a loss on Election Day has raised a jarring possibility: that Paul Ryan or Mitch McConnell, the nation's top two elected Republicans, will have to do it for him.
Just don't expect the House speaker or Senate majority leader to step in before they absolutely have to.
Story Continued Below
The continued silence from Ryan and McConnell in the face of Trump's stunning pronouncement at the final presidential debate Wednesday speaks volumes about the leaders' immediate strategy: Avoid Trump and their erratic rhetoric at all costs, and do whatever they can to protect their candidates from having to respond to the nominee.
But if Trump actually refuses to concede a loss on Nov. 8, it will be hard, if not impossible, for Ryan and McConnell to maintain that stance.
“I think it'll be a huge problem then. I think both the speaker and Mitch McConnell would have to come out very, very strongly in support of the result,” Rep. Reid Ribble (R-Wis.), a retiring member who is close to Ryan, said Thursday. Ribble opposes Trump.
Ryan (R-Wis.), and to a lesser extent McConnell (R-Ky.), have far better odds at holding their chambers than Trump does of winning the White House. But the nominee's defiant remarks at Wednesday's debate and reiterated Thursday — that he'd wait to see the election results before deciding whether he's willing to concede — aren't helping the GOP's down-ballot prospects.
“If (Trump supporters) believe that the election is rigged and their vote doesn't matter, why would they make the effort to vote and encourage their friends to vote?” asked Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), an outspoken Trump critic.
Added a Republican strategist involved in congressional races: “It's the worst possible [get-out-the-vote] message in the world.”
McConnell is not expected to speak about the matter any time soon, though they do have a public event in Louisville on Friday where they could conceivably address it. Likewise, Ryan's office would not comment Thursday on Trump's refusal to say he'll accept the results of the electoral process, referring instead to a days-old statement issued by a spokesperson last weekend saying, “The speaker is fully confident the states will carry out this election with integrity."
The thinking among Republicans is that Trump's assertion that they will keep the nation “in suspense” about whether he'll accept the outcome will dissipate if they lose handily, as polls currently suggest. Or that everyone in the party will pile on Trump, once again casting the bombastic mogul as an outlier in the GOP.
“Unless there is some outrageous conspiracy that undermines the integrity of the process, I am sure leading Republicans would accept the legitimacy of a President Clinton,” said one Republican lawmaker close to House leadership.
“The guy was going to embarrass themselves and their party in this election long before they stopped respecting the results,” said Josh Holmes, a former chief of staff and campaign manager to McConnell. “It's one thing to refuse to concede the election before ballots are cast. It's quite another if they actually disrupt the peaceful transfer of power. The latter would draw quick and decisive condemnation from everyone.”
When Ryan told House Republicans two weeks ago that he'd would no longer defend Trump, they drew swift condemnation from the nominee as a “weak and ineffective leader.” A Morning Consult/POLITICO poll showed that 44 percent of Trump backers want Ryan replaced, an apparent side effect of the speaker's break from Trump.
McConnell, befitting their cautious nature, has studiously avoided any hint of a public clash with Trump since a book tour this spring in which they implored Trump to be more “boring.” The Senate GOP leader has maintained that posture this week as Trump has stepped up their claims of a conspiracy to deny them the election.
“I frankly don't expect [McConnell and Ryan] to have to” speak out on the rigged election claims before the election, said Flake. “I don't think they feel it's necessary and I don't blame them. If they had to come out and make a statement every time Donald Trump went off the rails they wouldn't have time for anything else.”
The GOP leaders know they can't keep their majorities if Trump voters stay home en masse, yet their candidates in blue states and swing House districts need distance to have a shot with independent voters. The view from the leadership offices is to comment only on what they can control — in other words, not Trump.
Senior Republicans said McConnell's calculation is once again aimed at letting their vulnerable members and candidates find their own way rather than react to McConnell either bashing Trump or defending him. Republicans are now painfully divided into factions of those opposing Trump's candidacy and those supporting them through gritted teeth.
Democrats say McConnell is shirking their responsibility as a leader to speak out.
“Sen. McConnell's attempts to skulk around and hide from their responsibility to their country are shameful and unbecoming of someone who wants to be a national leader. At long last it is time for them to finally stand up and do what's right,” said Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) in an emailed statement.
Several Republican sources told POLITICO they don't expect Trump to cause a post-election ruckus, figuring he'll likely lose by a lot and people will move on. Still, that sounds like wishful thinking to some in the GOP; one Republican lawmaker said they were certain Trump “will create some drama in November and December.”
Some Republicans in tough Senate races who've shied away from challenging Trump for much of the year are speaking out against the nominee's declaration that he'll respect the election results — if they win.
New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte, who opposes Trump, said, “Donald Trump needs to accept the outcome.” Pennsylvania Sen. Pat Toomey, who's avoided saying whether they support Trump or not, called the GOP nominee's comments at the debate “irresponsible,” according to The Associated Press.
And a spokesperson for embattled Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.), who still supports Trump, said that “Ron believes we need to respect the results on Election Day.”
Geneva, Switzerland: Mathematical prediction models are better than doctors at predicting the outcomes and responses of lung cancer patients to treatment, according to new research presented today (Saturday) at the 2nd Forum of the European Society for Radiotherapy and Oncology (ESTRO).
These differences apply even after the doctor has seen the patient, which can provide extra information, and knows what the treatment plan and radiation dose will be.
"The number of treatment options available for lung cancer patients are increasing, as well as the amount of information available to the individual patient. It is evident that this will complicate the task of the doctor in the future," said the presenter, Dr Cary Oberije, a postdoctoral researcher at the MAASTRO Clinic, Maastricht University Medical Center, Maastricht, The Netherlands. "If models based on patient, tumour and treatment characteristics already out-perform the doctors, then it is unethical to make treatment decisions based solely on the doctors' opinions. We believe models should be implemented in clinical practice to guide decisions."
Dr Oberije and their colleagues in The Netherlands used mathematical prediction models that had already been tested and published. The models use information from previous patients to create a statistical formula that can be used to predict the probability of outcome and responses to treatment using radiotherapy with or without chemotherapy for future patients.
Having obtained predictions from the mathematical models, the researchers asked experienced radiation oncologists to predict the likelihood of lung cancer patients surviving for two years, or suffering from shortness of breath (dyspnea) and difficulty swallowing (dysphagia) at two points in time: 1) after they had seen the patient for the first time, and 2) after the treatment plan was made. At the first time point, the doctors predicted two-year survival for 121 patients, dyspnea for 139 and dysphagia for 146 patients. At the second time point, predictions were only available for 35, 39 and 41 patients respectively.
For all three predictions and at both time points, the mathematical models substantially outperformed the doctors' predictions, with the doctors' predictions being little better than those expected by chance.
The researchers plotted the results on a special graph [1] on which the area below the plotted line is used for measuring the accuracy of predictions; 1 represents a perfect prediction, while 0.5 represents predictions that were right in 50% of cases, i.e. the same as chance. They found that the model predictions at the first time point were 0.71 for two-year survival, 0.76 for dyspnea and 0.72 for dysphagia. In contrast, the doctors' predictions were 0.56, 0.59 and 0.52 respectively.
The models had a better positive predictive value (PPV) - a measure of the proportion of patients who were correctly assessed as being at risk of dying within two years or suffering from dyspnea and dysphagia - than the doctors. The negative predictive value (NPV) - a measure of the proportion of patients that would not die within two years or suffer from dyspnea and dysphagia - was comparable between the models and the doctors.
"This indicates that the models were better at identifying high risk patients that have a very low chance of surviving or a very high chance of developing severe dyspnea or dysphagia," said Dr Oberije.
The researchers say that it is important that further research is carried out into how prediction models can be integrated into standard clinical care. In addition, further improvement of the models by incorporating all the latest advances in areas such as genetics, imaging and other factors, is important. This will make it possible to tailor treatment to the individual patient's biological make-up and tumour type
"In our opinion, individualised treatment can only succeed if prediction models are used in clinical practice. We have shown that current models already outperform doctors. Therefore, this study can be used as a strong argument in favour of using prediction models and changing current clinical practice," said Dr Oberije.
"Correct prediction of outcomes is important for several reasons," they continued. "First, it offers the possibility to discuss treatment options with patients. If survival chances are very low, some patients might opt for a less aggressive treatment with fewer side-effects and better quality of life. Second, it could be used to assess which patients are eligible for a specific clinical trial. Third, correct predictions make it possible to improve and optimise the treatment. Currently, treatment guidelines are applied to the whole lung cancer population, but we know that some patients are cured while others are not and some patients suffer from severe side-effects while others don't. We know that there are many factors that play a role in the prognosis of patients and prediction models can combine them all."
At present, prediction models are not used as widely as they could be by doctors. Dr Oberije says there are a number of reasons: some models lack clinical credibility; others have not yet been tested; the models need to be available and easy to use by doctors; and many doctors still think that seeing a patient gives them information that cannot be captured in a model. "Our study shows that it is very unlikely that a doctor can outperform a model," they concluded.
President of ESTRO, Professor Vincenzo Valentini, a radiation oncologist at the Policlinico Universitario A. Gemelli, Rome, Italy, commented: "The booming growth of biological, imaging and clinical information will challenge the decision capacity of every oncologist. The understanding of the knowledge management sciences is becoming a priority for radiation oncologists in order for them to tailor their choices to cure and care for individual patients."
###
Abstract no: OC-0140, "Clinical 2 - Lung and Head & Neck cancer" session at 16.45 hrs (CEST) on Saturday 20 April, Auditorium.
[1] For the mathematicians among you, the graph is known as an Area Under the Curve (AUC) of the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC).
[2] This work was partially funded by grants from the Dutch Cancer Society (KWF), the European Fund for Regional Development (INTERREG/EFRO), and the Center for Translational Molecular Medicine (CTMM).
Yves here. Readers have asked us to write about the ginormous scale of the derivatives market. This article is a layperson-friendly discussion of bank efforts to stymie the not-onerous safeguards in Dodd Frank and why you should be up in arms about it. Derivatives, specifically credit default swaps, were the reason what would otherwise been a contained subprime crisis into a global financial meltdown. If you have not done so already, we strongly encourage you to call your Senator and Representative and tell them you are strongly opposed to this stealth effort by banks to keep taxpayers on the hook for the derivatives casino and allow it to continue to operate with minimal supervision.
By Gaius Publius. Cross posted from Americablog
We wrote earlier about the recent move by bankers — and the politicians who serve them — to unreform the derivatives market, to return it to its pre–Dodd-Frank, pre–Crash-of-2007 state. This is a serious move by banks and bank lobbyists, and it could well happen soon. The seven bills in the House package of “tweaks” — as the House Agriculture website dishonestly puts it — have cleared the committee with Democratic support and are headed to the House floor. In the meantime, there are companion bills in the Senate.
What will happen in the Senate? Well, Dick Durbin (always an Obama surrogate) famously said of the Senate that “the banks own the place.” And of course the White House has been notoriously bank-friendly since day 1. As a friend told me last week, “Bank lobbyists are good; they really earn their money.” Indeed.
Our earlier story focused on both aspects of this push — the “bad Dems” side and the derivatives side. Let's now look at just the derivatives aspect.
What is a “derivative”?
While a general definition of a derivative in this context could be — “A financial product derived from another financial product” (for example, a futures contract tied to a stock index) — in practice, the term applies to a whole world of financial products that are written on a one-off basis between two entities called “counterparties,” as opposed to products that are traded on a broad, well-regulated market.
Standard futures contracts are bought and sold on large exchanges, for example, the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT). If I buy a futures contract — for example, I go long (contract or agree to buy in the future) a million bushels of wheat, or barrels of oil, in the expectation that the future price will rise within the time limit of the contract — there will be a counterparty on the short, or selling side, but I have no idea who that is. In fact, in a well-regulated market, the contracts are all standardized; there are thousands of identical contracts in pairs (one on the long or buy side, and one on the short or sell side); and as long as there are the same number of identical contracts on each side, it makes no difference who's on the other side of my personal contract. The exchange just matches up longs with shorts when they liquidate.
The contracts, as you can see, are created by the exchanges themselves (for example, by the CBOT); they keep the operation orderly; and there are rules, both by the exchanges and by the government, that prevent things (mostly) from running out of control. For example, I can indeed buy futures contracts on millions and millions of barrels of oil for delivery next July (say), and I can put up a tenth of the cost of these contracts, but if the market moves against me, I have to increase my margin (add to my escrow if you will) to protect my counterparties from my inability to pay. The exchange requires that, and if I don't comply, I'm liquidated (at my expense) and kicked out.
Futures contracts are gambling — I can bet on the Dow to go down or up, for example — but trading in futures contracts is regulated gambling, in which winners are protected from losers, and in many cases, losers protected from themselves.
Not so, derivatives, in the usual meaning of the word. Derivatives in that sense are contracts between parties who want to trade risks, but they aren't market-traded. They aren't standardized. And counterparties aren't vetted by any controlling institution.
In derivatives trading, the counterparties know each other, the contracts are one-off between the parties directly, and the only guarantee that either party will get paid is trust … or the naked belief that they just can't lose on this one.
AIG wrote billions of dollars of CDS “insurance” against the mortgage market without having even a fraction of what it would take to pay off claims … in the naked belief that they could collect fees forever and never have to pay out once. When the whole thing collapsed, they were wiped out. And because their “insurance” was part of the balance sheet of AIG's many counterparties (Goldman Sachs and everyone like them), Goldman Sachs would have been wiped out too by AIG's failure (in effect, by their lies and deception).
That's why the government bailed out AIG — and insisted on giving them 100 cents on the dollar — so that they could pay off Goldman et al. AIG was bailed out to bail out all their counterparties. (Our discussion of CDSs and their role as bets is here.)
How large is the derivatives market? $1.2 quadrillion in notional value; at least $12 trillion in cash at risk
You read that headline right. By at least one estimate, in 2010 there was a total of $12 trillion in cash tied up (at risk) in derivatives as defined above, all of which controlled contracts connected to assets valued at $1.2 quadrillion.
Here's how we got those numbers — be sure to differentiate the two values, cash value vs. notional value, as explained below (h/t commenter BeccaM for the link; my emphasis):
Big Risk: $1.2 Quadrillion Derivatives Market Dwarfs World GDP One of the biggest risks to the world's financial health is the $1.2 quadrillion derivatives market. It's complex, it's unregulated, and it ought to be of concern to world leaders that its notional value is 20 times the size of the world economy. But traders rule the roost — and as much as risk managers and regulators might want to limit that risk, they lack the power or knowledge to do so. A quadrillion is a big number: 1,000 times a trillion. Yet according to one of the world's leading derivatives experts, Paul Wilmott, who holds a doctorate in applied mathematics from Oxford University (and whose speaking voice sounds eerily like John Lennon's), $1.2 quadrillion is the so-called notional value of the worldwide derivatives market. To put that in perspective, the world's annual gross domestic product is between $50 trillion and $60 trillion. To understand the concept of “notional value,” it's useful to have an example. Let's say you borrow $1 million to buy an apartment and the interest rate on that loan gets reset every six months. Meanwhile, you turn around and rent that apartment out at a monthly fixed rate. If all your expenses including interest are less than the rent, you make money. But if the interest and expenses get bigger than the rent, you lose. You might be able to hedge this risk of a spike in interest rates by swapping that variable rate of interest for a fixed one. To do that you'd need to find a counterparty who has an asset with a fixed rate of return who believed that interest rates were going to fall and was willing to swap their fixed rate for your variable one. The actual cash amount of the interest rates swaps might be 1% of the $1 million debt, while that $1 million is the “notional” amount. Applying that same 1% to the $1.2 quadrillion derivatives market would leave a cash amount of the derivatives market of $12 trillion — far smaller, but still 20% of the world economy.
To trust that lower number ($12 trillion), a lot depends on what's being traded. In the example above — an “interest rate swap” — what's being traded (swapped) is the risk of small interest rate changes on the $1 million you borrowed. It's never the whole $1 million (the notional value).
But with a CDS — a “credit default swap” as discussed here — what's traded is a fee paid by one side vs. the whole cost of the default paid by the other side. If I as an “insurer” sold a hedge fund a CDS on $20 million in GM bonds, and those bonds default, I'm on the hook for the whole $20 million, the “notional” value.
As a result, I accept the $1.2 quadrillion notional value number. But I think the $12 trillion cash-at-risk number is way low. And “just” $12 trillion is, as they point out, still 20% of world GDP. Stunning.
And don't forget, these are 2010 numbers. Banks have grown even fatter since then, even greedier, even riskier. And their push to gut the modest regulations put in place by Dodd-Frank declares their intentions to grow. Whatever the size of this market today, expect it to grow like a weed.
Again, House bill HR 992, one of the seven mentioned at the beginning of this piece, is the one that makes you, the taxpayer, even more on the hook for banker-losses than you were after the Dodd-Frank reform. For the banks, the high-priced lobbyists, and their paid, moderately-priced politicians, this is a Win-Win.
But for you, it's a second trip to Bailout Village. As for the nation … well, I think there's rebellion in the air if this happens twice. In this case, the hubris of our enemies is not our friend. Not our friend at all.
I thought you should know this, though. We're going to be covering the derivatives story to conclusion. Hopefully this post and the previous one will keep you oriented as the game moves forward. Quoting Congressman Grayson again:
“The road to hell is paved with these bills.”
Indeed.
Another Korean restaurant opened in Aurora earlier this month, which is not exactly a rare phenomenon these days. But this one's a little different — in more ways than one. Soban took over the space formerly occupied by K-Pub, at 12101 East Iliff Avenue, bringing with it an impressive pedigree and a menu heavy on seafood.
The owners of Soban, Si Woo Yoo and Seong Yoon Ryu, recently moved to Colorado from Los Angeles, where they ran a restaurant of the same name. In 2011, restaurant critic Jonathan Gold praised a couple of Soban's dishes in a review in the L.A. Weekly, and then last year they placed it at number 21 in their list of the city's 101 best restaurants in the Los Angeles Times. Specifically mentioned were Soban's dazzling array of banchan appetizer plates, a black cod dish called eundaegu jorim and ganjang gejang, marinated raw crab. Landing on the list is no faint praise: In 2007, Gold was the first food critic to win a Pulitzer Prize.
Judge James R. DePiazza (Facebook)
A Texas judge concedes that the U.S. Supreme Court may force them to perform same-sex weddings – but they want couples to know they don't like it.
Judge James R. DePiazza, a justice of the peace in Denton, will do as little as possible to comply with a state order to marry same-sex couples and is requiring all couples to sign a waiver noting their objection to marriage equality, reported Towleroad.
“The result of this ruling has not changed Judge DePiazza's personal convictions on marriage, but has changed the way they are now conducting ceremonies,” reads the form, which is available for download on the county website.
Denton County took three days to issue its first marriage license to a same-sex couple after the ruling in Obergefell v. Hodges, but officials blamed a software upgrade, reported WFAA-TV.
“It's my personal belief that individuals who want to conduct a marriage ceremony understand my convictions,” DePiazza said. “If it was me, I would prefer to have someone who was in agreement with me.”
The justice of the peace, a Republican who was first elected in 2007, now refuses to perform weddings outside normal business hour or on weekends, and they will not marry couples without an appointment.
They won't allow photography or video recordings of the ceremony, which they promised would be merely a “brief formal declaration of civil marriage ceremony” that meets only the minimum standards required by state law.
DePiazza, a conservative Catholic, won't even perform those basic functions unless couples sign the form stating their religious objection to the Supreme Court ruling.
“While we may not necessarily agree with, we acknowledge Judge DePiazza's position that they prefer to not conduct same-sex marriages and agree to not address the topic of same-sex marriages with Judge DePiazza before, during or after the ceremony,” the waiver reads.
The judge has so far avoided performing any wedding ceremonies since the June 26 ruling because they have been on vacation.
Legal experts aren't sure the judge's waiver form is constitutional.
“I think it's an interesting innovation in trying to hold your nose and do your job by making everybody else hold your nose as well,” said Katherine Franke, director of the Public Rights/Private Conscience Project at Columbia University's law school. “It's creative, but I don't imagine it will stand up in court.”
Canada Post workers across the country have kicked it into high gear, working the last three weekends to keep up with the increasing number of parcel, package and Christmas card deliveries leading up to Dec. 25.
The postal service broke records after delivering 50 million pieces of mail on Dec. 20 and over one million parcels on Dec. 13 within 24-hour periods.
"We were ready for this. Our whole business is changing and has in the last few years with the onset of e-commerce and online shopping," said Canada Post spokesperson John Caines. "I haven't seen a computer yet that can deliver those parcels, but that's where we come in."
The mad mail rush typically starts around Black Friday (Nov. 23 this year) and Cyber Monday, Caines said.
Canada Post projects that over one billion pieces of mail will be delivered over this holiday season.
The number of parcels being sent through Canada Post has increased 12 per cent over last year.
Since Black Friday, Canada Post has delivered 20 million parcels, 250,000 just last weekend.
But rural mail volumes have been steadily declining for the last five years, Caines said, despite Canada Post being one of the few carriers that deliver to the countryside.
They predict posties will remain busy until the second week in January.
"We expect it to go beyond tomorrow, being Christmas Day, because of the Boxing Day sales and also the returns," said Caines.
MONTREAL CANADIENS PROSPECT PROFILE: NOAH JUULSEN
Welcome to a new focus that AWH will be taking on from now on, Canadiens Prospect Profiles. Within these articles, we will dig out as much data and knowledge as possible to bring you as much information as a fan can get about franchise prospects. Hopefully you enjoy reading these as much as we enjoy putting them together!
NOAH JUULSEN
Born: 2nd of April, 1997 (18 years old) in Abbotsford, B.C., Canada
2nd of April, 1997 (18 years old) in Abbotsford, B.C., Canada Height/Weight: 6'2″ /174 lbs
6'2″ /174 lbs Shoots: Right
Right Selected: in the 1st rd, 26th overall in 2015
in the 1st rd, 26th overall in 2015 Twitter account: @ Juuls16
@ Played for: Everett Silvertips
Everett Silvertips Wore #3 for Everett. Their favourite player is Kevin Bieksa, which is why they sport #3.
STATS:
Available at Elite Prospects here.
2014-15 totals: 68 GP, 9 G, 43 A, 52 points, 42 PIM, +22 (playoffs: 6 GP, 1 A, 1 Pt, +5)
INTERESTING FACTS:
Drafted by Everett in the 4th rd (70th overall) of the 2012 WHL Bantam Draft.
Played for the Midget AAA Fraser Valey Thunderbirds.
Played for the Canadian Pacific team in the U-17 WHC 2013-14. Their team won the Silver medal.
Participated in the CHL's Top Prospects game in 2014-15.
Spoke about theirs being drafted by the Habs here on TSN.
Was second on Everett's team in +/- at +22, second to only Nikita Scherbak. Is it possible the Habs fell in love with their skill set while keeping tabs on Scherbak? I think so.
Was the 10th highest scoring defenseman in the WHL in 2014-15 and tied for 5th in most assists.
Compared by some to Jack Johnson and Brian Campbell .
and . Has 3 fights under their belt, details available here.
Their favourite actors are Will Ferrell and Adam Sandler.
If you want highlights, here they are.
Signed their first pro contract after the development camp this summer, a three-year entry level deal.
If they make it to the AHL, they will receive a $70,000 salary. All of their contract details are available here at General Fanager.
Plans are for them to return to Everett for the 2015-16 season with the possibility of playing for team Canada at the IIHF WJHC being held in Helsinki, Finland starting Dec.26th.
If you really, and I mean really, want to see how Noah plays shift-to-shift, you have to take the time to watch the following video. There is even commentary on the video explaining situations. Well worth the watch.
If you don't want to watch its entirety, that fine, here's something that sums it up from the Director of NHL Central Scouting before the draft took place:
“Juulsen has taken their game to another level and has been consistent throughout the season,” “We're very comfortable saying that they are a legitimate first round contender.”
Their draft video is included below and includes a lot of good commentary about their skill set.
The best quote I've read from Noah Juulsen thus far:
“Personally I love playing PK [penalty kill],” “I've played PK growing up my whole life. I don't mind it; I like blocking shots. It's something the coaches trusted me when I was 16 and they still trusted me at 17. So I like it a lot.”
Their teammate, Nikita Scherbak, welcomed them into the Habs prospect realm:
Now that we know a little more about him, let's get to the meat of it all in the Analysis (next page).
Oklahoma Poised To Cut Off 20,000 Disabled and Elderly People From Life-Sustaining Home Care
'Spitfire' Sabel of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, joins more than 200 protestors from ADAPT, a grass-roots community that organizes disability rights activists to engage in nonviolent direct action, in blocking the intersection of 15th Street NW and Pennsylvania Avenue near the White House for nearly four hours September 20, 2010 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
In early November, the Department of Human Services (DHS) in Oklahoma sent letters to more than 20,000 disabled and elderly residents informing them that the in-home care services they were currently receiving as part of the ADvantage Waiver and In-Home Supports Waiver for Adults programs could be cut in one month. The full consequences of eliminating such vital programs are unimaginable but include reduced quality of life, poor health outcomes, extensive job loss and increased care costs.
I know firsthand that these cuts pose an existential threat to disabled people in Oklahoma, because I am a disability rights advocate and concerned waiver program recipient in Illinois. Medicaid waiver programs allow the disabled and elderly to receive long-term care services—such as bathing, dressing, toileting, feeding, cooking and cleaning—in their own homes, instead of institutionalized settings. These services are critical for protecting the rights and freedoms of the disabled and elderly—and allowing people to contribute to society as productive members. The programs ensure a higher quality of life for all recipients and are fiscally responsible for states, when compared with higher costs of institutionalized care.
So why would a state decide to eliminate these programs?
DHS says they have no choice. The state is facing a $215 million deficit in 2018. The agency needs $69 million to fund all the programs it is cutting, including the Medicaid waiver programs, for the 2018 fiscal year. Earlier this year, the legislature tried to increase the tax on cigarettes by $1.50 a box, but then lobbyists from Philip Morris USA and R.J. Reynolds challenged the increase and won at the state Supreme Court level. Frustrated lawmakers then attempted to impose a six-cent increase on fuel, which also failed, despite Oklahoma having one of the lowest taxes on fuel in the country.
Cutting vital waiver programs that provide life-sustaining care to disabled and elderly residents is not the answer to a budget shortfall. People who are unable to afford assistance on their own could see a dramatic erosion in the quality of their lives, or could even lose their lives. Thousands of workers will likely lose their jobs, and those who are lucky enough to go to a nursing home will cost the state at least three and a half times more. We cannot let Oklahoma get away with these cuts, nor can we accept this action as a dangerous precedent.
During the first part of November, the Oklahoma legislature did manage to agree on a stopgap budget, which dipped into the state's rainy-day fund to finance the waiver programs through March 1, 2018. Beginning in February 1, 2018, DHS intends to send another round of letters explaining that the waiver programs will be eliminated.
This delay buys people like Richard Anderson an extra three months to find alternative care. Anderson is a founding member of the Oklahoma chapter of ADAPT, a national grassroots organization that advocates for community living. Thanks to the ADvantage waiver, they live independently with cerebral palsy. “You'll see people go into nursing homes, which ironically would cost the State of Oklahoma three and half times more,” they tell In These Times. “[The state] is leaving transitioning up to the individuals and their families, if they even have family.”
Anderson says that there are not enough beds available in nursing homes throughout the state to accommodate the influx of new people needing care—and that people will die without services.
The elimination of the waiver programs will also have a major impact on Oklahoma's workers. More than 450 provider agencies will lose their main source of income, and it has been estimated that at least 10,000 nurses, home care workers and caseworkers will lose their jobs.
Many people with disabilities who are served by the program work or volunteer in their communities. Without the home care workers who get them ready for the day, they will be forced to stop participating in all aspects of society. The elimination will also impact the economic capabilities of family members who will have to leave the workforce to take care of their loved ones.
These cuts are poised to roll back decades of gains that were hard-fought by disabled communities. For the last 40 years, disability activists and organizations like ADAPT have tirelessly worked to gain the right to live in the community. Eliminating waiver programs will erase this work, and people with disabilities will again be shut out of the community.
We have seen this before. Until 2010, in Tennessee roughly 97 percent of people with disabilities lived in nursing homes. Residents in the 1990s and early 2000s were so desperate for freedom that a center for independent living in Memphis arranged for people to leave nursing homes in the middle of the night and flew them to Colorado, where in-home services were provided.
With the help of the ACLU of Oklahoma and the Oklahoma Disability Law Center, Anderson and others have filed a class action lawsuit challenging the state's elimination of the waiver programs. In doing so, Anderson hopes “to save the waiver programs in Oklahoma and send a message to other states that this is inhumane.”
Activists say the law is on their side. Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) requires that, “A public entity shall administer services, programs, and activities in the most integrated setting appropriate to the needs of qualified individuals with disabilities.” The Supreme Court in their 1999 Olmstead decision stated that the ADA protected people from a segregated setting, such as a nursing home.
However, the U.S. Department of Justice has provided guidance that explains states can violate the ADA and Olmstead decision because of budget cuts, but public entities have “a duty to take all reasonable steps to avoid placing individuals at risk of institutionalization.”
The lawsuit argues Oklahoma has not taken reasonable steps to avoid the institutionalization risk, and Oklahoma still has options before lawmakers cut these vital services. The legislature could make cuts to other non-vital services that would not have blood on their hands. Slashing a program that saves money in the long run does not make sense when there is a budget deficit.
In the meantime, Anderson and other activists from the Oklahoma chapter of ADAPT will be engaging with lawmakers and protesting their rights to live in the community. They encourage others to get involved and call state legislatures to educate them on the importance of the waiver programs. “I'd like to think,” they said, “it would rally more persons with disabilities to speak up and fight for their lives and rights.”
Headline, the British newspaper, The Sun, 5 August 1974. The headline "barbarians" described the Turks who had invaded Cyprus. The reporter, Iain Walker, wrote about the dramatic and bloody effects of the Turkish onslaught against the Greeks of Cyprus. Photo: Fanoula Argyrou.
Headline, the British newspaper, The Sun, 5 August 1974. The headline "barbarians" described the Turks who had invaded Cyprus. The reporter, Iain Walker, wrote about the dramatic and bloody effects of the Turkish onslaught against the Greeks of Cyprus. Photo: Fanoula Argyrou.
Headline, the British newspaper, The Sun, 5 August 1974. The headline "barbarians" described the Turks who had invaded Cyprus. The reporter, Iain Walker, wrote about the dramatic and bloody effects of the Turkish onslaught against the Greeks of Cyprus. Photo: Fanoula Argyrou.
Once again Cyprus is fighting for its life. The Greek island-home of Aphrodite is confronting its ancient enemies, Turkey and the United Kingdom. This confrontation is taking place in a secret diplomatic meeting in Geneva on 28 June 2017.
Turkey and the UK are former imperial powers that colonized Cyprus for long stretches of time. In 1878, Turkey passed Cyprus to Britain in exchange for British promises to support the Turks in any Russo-Turkish war. The British were not much better rulers than the Turks in Cyprus. Greek Cypriots fought the British and won their freedom.
However, the liberation of Cyprus from the British and the establishment of the Republic of Cyprus in 1960 took place at a time of heightened cold war anxieties. The US opposed the former Soviet Union, now Russia, everywhere. The result was a bad international agreement that brought Turkey back into the future of Cyprus. Indeed, American cold war appeasement policies toward Turkey and the lingering hatred of the British for their defeat in Cyprus made Turkey the Sword of Damocles over Cyprus. Not only that, but misplaced American fears of communism translated into cowing Greece and independent Cyprus to legitimizing the illegitimate. Greece and Cyprus had to partner with Turkey over the “protection” of Cyprus.
There was no way out of such existential complexity and fear. The US managed the Mediterranean. It recruited Turkey in the NATO ranks, despite that country's bleak historical record of occupation and genocide against the Greeks in Greece and Cyprus and against the Armenians. US insisted that Turkey had to be appeased. So in addition to having UK and Greece as guarantors of Cypriot independence, Turkey entered the fray, giving it an opportunity to unsettle Cyprus at will.
This happened in 1974. Greece was then under military rule. Under the pretext of protecting the Turkish minority from Greek Cypriots and a potential union of Cyprus with Greece, Turkey launched an invasion of Cyprus and occupied almost forty percent of the island.
Now in the Geneva secret talks Turkey and the UK want to abolish the Republic of Cyprus and in its place set up a fake and “segregationist bi-communal and bi-zonal federation.”
I am quoting from a letter the International Hellenic Association sent to actors in the Cypriot tragedy: key diplomatic officials of the United Nations, EU, America and China:
“[A]ll post-1974 diplomatic talks [about Cyprus] have tended to focus on appeasing Turkey, legalizing the illegal effects of its invasions and precluding the application of international criminal justice.
“Alas, the post-1974 appeasement of Turkey has backfired. Instead of producing 'peace', appeasement has propelled Turkey into a menace, which endangers the EU. Instead of stimulating democracy in Turkey, appeasement has helped to turn Turkey into a tyranny. Instead of fostering inclusive values, appeasement has conveyed semblance of credibility to the segregation inherent in 'bi-communalism' and 'bi-zonality'.
“If 'bi-communalism' and 'bi-zonality' are entrenched under any 'settlement', this will reward aggression and may even create a dangerous precedent within the EU and the wider democratic world of which the US forms part. Such a precedent may then be exploited by [Turkish] President Erdoğan and by other enemies of democracy; they have already started to interfere or sow the seeds of division in various parts of the EU, such as Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Germany, Greece, the Netherlands and, ironically, the UK.
“In view of the above:
“We call for new strategy in support of the Republic of Cyprus, in defense of democratic values, in the interests of the democratic world and in line with the post- 1945 international legal order.
“We call for the Republic of Cyprus to be saved from the ordeal of being transformed into a segregated ‘bi-communal, bi-zonal federation' in line with the post-1964 strategy of Turkey.
“We call for a new democratic constitutional philosophy under which every citizen of the Republic of Cyprus, irrespective of ethnicity or religion, is protected by the rule of law, the principle of equality and the prohibition against direct or indirect discrimination.
“We call for the rescission of the 1960 Treaties of Alliance and Guarantee, coupled with the removal of all Turkish forces and, subject to due process, the humane deportation of all colonists illegally present on the territory of the Republic of Cyprus.
“We call for the 1960 Treaty of Establishment to be modernized in a manner which does not undermine the Republic of Cyprus and its security.
“We call on Turkey, with whose citizens we have no quarrel, to turn its back on tyranny, to transform itself into a genuine democracy and to cease threatening the Republic of Cyprus and other Member States of the EU.
“We call on Turkey to become a State Party to the many legal instruments which it has hitherto shied away from, such as the Crime of Apartheid Convention of 1973, the UN Law of the Sea Convention of 1982 and the Rome Statute on the International Criminal Court of 1998.
“We call on the UN to enforce international humanitarian law in the interests of criminal justice.
“We call for the humane founding values of the EU to triumph over the doctrine of division that imbues the proposed ‘bi-communal, bi-zonal federation'.
“We call for a transparent and procedurally fair program of constitutional and legal renewal, which transforms the Republic of Cyprus into a genuinely unitary, united, integrated and free democratic state. Only such a state can be a secure bulwark of the EU and of the democratic world in the Eastern Mediterranean, one of the most conflict-prone parts of the world.”
The quoted text expresses what has to be done to keep the Republic of Cyprus alive. The international community should embrace that Republic. Second, somebody has to teach a lesson to Turkey: mind your own business and leave Cyprus alone. EU should be that somebody.
AUSTIN, Texas—In their keynote address at the 2016 South By Southwest conference, President Barack Obama responded directly to a question about cybersecurity in light of the ongoing Apple v. FBI case with answers that favored the American government's current position. President Obama even called out Edward Snowden's disclosure of classified documents in 2013.
When asked by moderator and Texas Tribune founder Evan Smith where they came down on the question of digital-device privacy versus national security, President Obama began their response by saying, "I can't comment on that specific case." Yet the President's lengthy response revolved around that case's core issues of encryption to a point that it appeared unmistakably related.
President Obama began their response by reminding the audience that law enforcement agencies can obtain a warrant, show up on a citizen's doorstep, and "rifle through your underwear to see if there's evidence of wrongdoing"—and they've been able to do so well before smartphones were invented.
What followed was repeated assurances that "we don't want government looking through phones willy-nilly" and an admission that "the whole Snowden disclosure episode elevated people's suspicions." Even so, Obama took the opportunity to claim that "the Snowden issue vastly overstated the dangers to US citizens in terms of spying. The fact of the matter is, our intelligence agencies are pretty scrupulous about US persons, people on US soil. What those disclosures did identify were excesses overseas with respect to people not in this country."
Obama then identified a key challenge faced by their administration: a desire for strong encryption to protect state secrets and infrastructure meeting an equal desire to be able to break encryption in specific circumstances. "If it's technologically possible to make an impenetrable device or system, where encryption is so strong that there's no key—there's no door—then how do we apprehend the child pornographer? How do we solve or disrupt a terrorist plot? What mechanisms do we have to even do things like tax enforcement? If you can't crack that at all, if government can't get in, then everyone's walking around with a Swiss bank account in their pocket, right?"
In short: Help us before Congress ruins everything
After briefly describing the complaints from the likes of Tim Cook and cybersecurity experts about a key that could unlock any device and reminding the crowd that "I am not a software engineer," Obama made their beliefs wholly clear. "You cannot take an absolutist view on this. If your view is strong encryption no matter what and we can and should create black boxes, that does not strike the balance that we've lived with for 200 or 300 years. And it's fetishizing our phones above every other value. That can't be the right answer."
Obama told the crowd that their dream scenario would involve robust encryption that could be unlocked by a key that was "accessible by the smallest number of people possible for a subset of issues that we agree are important." They next reminded the crowd that, again, "how we design [such a system] is not something I have the expertise to do." That's when the president made it clear that this view was partially fueled by fears of the larger American government machine taking such regulations over, and the tech sector's smartest people should join up now or risk greater digital-privacy consequences.
"We need the tech community to help us solve [this problem]," Obama said. "What will happen is, if everybody goes to their respective corners—if the tech community says, 'either we have strong, perfect encryption, or it's a Big Brother Orwellian world'—what you'll find is, after something really bad happens, the politics will swing. It'll be sloppy, it'll be rushed, and it'll go through congress in ways we haven't thought through. Then we'll have something really dangerous."
About forty South Korean tourists were robbed in Paris at the weekend when men climbed aboard their coach shouting threats.
Witness statements from the event, described by South Korea's leading news agency Yonhap as “ten minutes of horror”, revealed that one of the intruders threatened tourists on the coach with an object “resembling a glass bottle”.
The coachload of tourists is driving back to their hotel in Saint-Denis at the time of the attack. The neighbourhood is in close proximity to areas of Paris affected by ongoing violence as anti-police protesters riot over the assault of a black youth worker who alleges they were anally raped with a truncheon while being arrested.
The Yonhap report stated “the possibility of a link” between the robbery and the riots going on in the area had not yet been ruled out.
An official at Seoul's Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated: “These South Korean tourists had taken a bus after a visit to the Eiffel Tower and were on their way to Saint-Denis, the location of their hotel. Individuals suddenly boarded the coach and snatched the tourists' Eurostar tickets, which were being kept by the tour guide, whose passport was also taken.”
Yonhap reports that “three or four black men” pressed an emergency button on the outside of the coach as the vehicle stopped momentarily, opening its doors.
Yelling as they boarded the coach, the intruders proceeded to threaten tourists with what is believed to have been a glass bottle, which they also used to “tap” the heads of passengers sitting towards the front of the vehicle, according to the Korean Embassy in Paris.
During the evening of the incident, there was a large gathering of 2,000 protesters with placards emblazoned with anti-police slogans in Bobigny, a neighbourhood near to the hotel where the tourists were to be staying.
The demonstration turned violent after just an hour with “violent incidents, broken windows, tear gas and burnt vehicles”, according to local media. The police headquarters in Paris reported that “several hundred violent and very mobile individuals” committed various crimes and caused damage to property in the city.
Last month Breitbart London reported that France has seen a steep decline in visitor numbers from East Asia amid surging violence and crime.
President of the Chinese Association of Travel Agencies in France, Jean-François Zhou, warned that “increasingly violent” thefts and assaults are turning France into “one of the worst destinations for foreign tourists”.
“In 2016, there were 1.6 million Chinese tourists compared to 2.2 million in 2015. The number of Japanese tourists dropped 39 per cent, and Koreans 27 per cent. Our tourists have turned to Russia, which is less attractive but at least it is a safe country. For Putin, it is an economic windfall,” they said.
By By Arthur Weinreb Feb 23, 2012 in Crime Birmingham - The stepmother and grandmother of the third grade student face felony murder charges after the girl was allegedly forced to run around their home for three hours as punishment for lying about eating a candy bar. Natalie Barton, the Etowah County Public Information Officer, told It is alleged that last Friday, Savannah had lied to their grandmother about eating a candy bar. As punishment, Savannah was made to run around the house without stopping for three hours. It is alleged their stepmother knew about the forced run and did nothing to stop it. As reported by At 6:45 Friday evening, Jessica Mae Hardin called police saying their stepdaughter was having seizures. Volunteer firefighters went to the home and rushed the little girl to hospital where they died three days later. Ruby Ward, the vice president of the Mountainboro Volunteer Fire Department was quoted by One of the ones who were down there said it didn't feel like everything was right. In describing the family, neighbour Gail Denny said, It seems like a very happy extended family around here. There are mothers, grandmothers, kids. It sounds like punishment that got out of hand. Parents should be calm and not scream or use physical force when disciplining a child. Nor should they get into a power struggle with the child. Hardin and Garrard are being held in the Etowah County Detention Center on cash bonds of $50,000. Jessica Mae Hardin (l) and Joyce Hardin Garrard Etowah County Sheriff's Office Yesterday, Jessica Mae Hardin, 27, and Joyce Hardin Garrard, 46, were arrested by the Etowah County Sherrif's office and charged with the murder of Savannah Hardin, 9. The young girl died in Children's Hospital in Birmingham on Monday.Natalie Barton, the Etowah County Public Information Officer, told Reuters the girl died from dehydration and low sodium. According to Barton, this condition is frequently seen in marathon runners.It is alleged that last Friday, Savannah had lied to their grandmother about eating a candy bar. As punishment, Savannah was made to run around the house without stopping for three hours. It is alleged their stepmother knew about the forced run and did nothing to stop it.As reported by Associated Press , the Etowah County Sheriff's Office received calls from concerned neighbours who saw Savannah running.At 6:45 Friday evening, Jessica Mae Hardin called police saying their stepdaughter was having seizures. Volunteer firefighters went to the home and rushed the little girl to hospital where they died three days later. Ruby Ward, the vice president of the Mountainboro Volunteer Fire Department was quoted by Reuters as saying,In describing the family, neighbour Gail Denny said, WAFF TV interviewed representatives of the National Children's Advocacy Center in Huntsville. Although not willing to comment on this specific case, a representative said parents must understand the difference between discipline and punishment. The former is positive while the latter negative and punishment can result in the child's behaviour worsening.Parents should be calm and not scream or use physical force when disciplining a child. Nor should they get into a power struggle with the child.Hardin and Garrard are being held in the Etowah County Detention Center on cash bonds of $50,000. More about child discipline, Child abuse, savannah hardin, jessica mae hardin, Running More news from child discipline Child abuse savannah hardin jessica mae hardin Running candy bar
The Apple Watch is excellent for quick responses, but if you find yourself needing to chat at more length, your iPhone is here at the rescue. Whether you're talking on an iPhone or chatting through Messages or email, here's how to quickly switch from your Apple Watch to your iPhone.
How to transfer a call from Apple Watch to iPhone
If the call is still ringing your Apple Watch, use the Digital Crown to scroll down until you see the Answer on iPhone button. Tap it, and your recipient will be placed on hold until you can pick up your iPhone. (There's even a Ping button to find your iPhone if you're not sure where it is in the house. If you've already answered the call on your Apple Watch, you can transfer it to your iPhone in one of two ways: If your iPhone is locked, tap on the phone icon at the top left corner of the screen. If your iPhone is unlocked, tap the time at the top of the screen.
How to transfer a message from Apple Watch to iPhone
Open the Messages app on your Apple Watch. Tap on the thread in question you want to reply to. You can then open the message thread on your iPhone. Select the app switcher on your iOS device. On an iPhone X or later or an iPad, swipe up from the bottom of the screen. On older iPhones, double-click the Home button. Tap on the Handoff option; it appears as a banner beneath the apps.
How to transfer an email from Apple Watch to iPhone
Open the Mail app on your Apple Watch. Tap on the thread in question you want to view or reply to. You can then open the message thread on your iPhone. Select the app switcher on your iOS device. On an iPhone X or later or an iPad, swipe up from the bottom of the screen. On older iPhones, double-click the Home button. Tap on the Handoff option; it appears as a banner beneath the apps.
Whether you're talking on the phone or having a conversation through Messages or email, you can quickly move your conversation from Apple Watch to your iPhone.
Any questions?
Let us know below if you have any questions or concerns about these directions.
Guest columnist Meaghan Earley is an associate at Euphoria Vapor, located in Middleburg Heights. They support the use of e-cigarettes in public places and their use in helping smokers quit.
There is a constant debate regarding whether or not electronic cigarettes should be banned in public places. Working at Euphoria Vapor, a Cleveland vapor lounge, obviously means that I disagree with this statement, however it goes a little deeper than my support for where I work.
Let's be honest for a moment: e-cigarettes smell much better than regular cigarettes, right? There is no worry for those around individuals who use e-cigarettes to worry about toxic fumes entering their bodies or second-hand smoke, as there is no harmful smoke that is emitted into the air.
The vapor that is exhaled contains no nicotine and actually smells, well delicious (something that will be touched on shortly). Non-smokers near those who use e-cigarettes will not have to worry about toxic smoke fumes, as the vape disappears into the air.
With winter is right around the corner and we live in Ohio, we all know what that means: snow, wind and below-zero temperatures. If you use e-cigarettes, the last thing you will want to do is get bundled up to go outside and vape. Vape... not smoke. But once outside, you will be around those who do smoke, bringing back that temptation to start back up with cigarettes again.
For those who are working on quitting smoking, they won't really see a point when they are still treated as a smoker. Essentially, by making those who use e-cigarettes go outside, aren't they then doing something that is "harmful" to those nearby outside?
I have to ask how is that any different than if they were to vape inside? Won't they still be doing something "harmful" to individuals nearby them inside? Why is one better than the other?
E-cigarettes are an alternative to get people to stop smoking and provide them with the perk of having the opportunity to vape indoors.
And isn't the point of e-cigarettes to assist smokers in quitting their unhealthy habit? So why are we encouraging individuals to not use e-cigarettes? It goes back to people fearing what they don't understand. They just assume it is smoking, so therefore it is wrong.
In addition to those points, allow me to address some additional pros to e-cigarettes: They can be more enjoyable than a cigarette. Unlike cigarettes, you can create your own device that is unique to you (you can design the e-cig to give you a strong or weak hit). Touching on the juice a little, there are so many flavors- hundreds actually- that give more than just the standard "tobacco" flavor. Because of that, it can actually be refreshing instead of fatiguing, and the smell emitted is pleasant to anyone nearby (fruits, desserts, drinks, etc.).
In addition to that, it is a safer alternative to losing weight. Many individuals take up smoking to assist with losing weight. And when you quit smoking? Bring on the desserts and snacks! E-cigarettes cannot only help, but you can select e-juices that taste like desserts to assist with cravings of chocolate and pie. They also help you to quit smoking as they provide you with that "security blanket" of still holding a cigarette and placing something near your mouth. You choose the strength of nicotine and can gradually lower it until you are simply vaping a 0 mg.
To sum up, no I do not think that e-cigarettes should be banned in public places. I support those who vape and encourage those who utilize e-cigarettes to stop into either one of our locations to speak to our experienced staff to learn more about them, as e-cigs are definitely a conversation starter for those who vape and those who don't.
Posted: January 7, 2016 by Jérôme Segura
Last updated: March 30, 2016
We have caught a new malvertising campaign on the PopAds network launching the Magnitude exploit kit via pop-under ads.
A pop-under is an ad window that appears behind the main browser window and typically remains open until the user manually closes it. Unsuspecting victims running outdated versions of the Flash Player were immediately infected with the CryptoWall ransomware.
This campaign started around January 1st with ads mostly placed on various adult and video streaming sites and lead to an increase in Magnitude EK activity.
Infection flow overview
serve.popads.net/servePopunder.php?cid={redacted} {redacted}.name/ Magnitude EK domain
Magnitude EK overview
Landing page
Flash exploit (CVE-2015-7645)
MD5 (Original) : bc0939c7cb7d85b6789fbd6a160a4470
: bc0939c7cb7d85b6789fbd6a160a4470 MD5 (Decompiled) : b91d14a85576f9c0d2864f802f8a039b
According to our data, this attack mainly targeted European users:
CryptoWall 4 infection
Once a system is infected, personal files are encrypted and usable as indicated in the dreaded CryptoWall ransom page:
To recover pictures, documents and other import files, users are asked to pay in order to receive a “decryption” key.
Malware MD5: c0f8d8d2bf9a70cc69d641ed0263f77e
Prevention
Ransomware is one particular type of malware where prevention and backups are more important than ever. Since this particular attack relies on web exploits to infect the machine, it is crucial to keep your browser and related plugins up to date.
You may also want to consider disabling or removing the Flash Player altogether since it has suffered a high number of zero-day exploits in recent history (even the latest version was vulnerable).
Malwarebytes Anti-Exploit users were already protected against this exploit kit and never even saw the CryptoWall payload.
We have notified the ad network and hope they can shut down this campaign.
In the face of a spectacular and inspiring people's revolution, Hosni Mubarak's first tactic to hold onto their despotic post was to send their police thugs into the streets as looters and rioters to provide them with an excuse to do what they do best: clamp down and terrorize Egypt's citizens. But thanks to the incredible solidarity of the people, this subversion was unsuccessful. Neighborhood watch groups repelled and 'arrested' those looters and turned them over to the army.
When demands for Mubarak's departure grew louder from from an even bigger crowd, they dug their nails in deeper, staking their claim to the few remaining months in their tenure of torture and intimidation of the Egyptian people.
As their intransigence stretched out, so did the protests and the risk of chaos grew. It was easy to predict, as I did in a Twitter post, that Mubarak was waiting for mayhem to ensue naturally, due to the inevitable food and fuel shortages, so they could step in to "restore order".
But the people's resolve for freedom, civil liberties, and government transparency could not be conquered by exhaustion or hunger.
Now we see that Mubarak's latest tactic is to send in armed gangs, mostly from their notorious police force, to ignite riots.
Mubarak is intentionally trying to provoke a bloodbath in Egypt, their own country!
Why?
In a pathetic speech to their people, they claimed to hold onto power for the sake of maintaining security and order. In fact, the protests, involving millions of people were entirely peaceful and miraculously orderly. It was Mubarak who actively changed that and any bloodshed from this moment forward will rest entirely on their shoulders. They should be tried and punished for the violent consequences of their maniacal ego that will not accept the clear, definitive, passionate, and unified voice of the people to rid Egypt of their tyranny.
There is little doubt that some in the US and Israel are quietly pushing for Mubarak to maintain power. We have heard and read statements that confirm this in one way or another. Nearly every American network has counted Mubarak's contributions to Israel's interests as their crowning achievement, as if Israel should be the priority of every Egyptian.
What arrogance! What hypocrisy for the West not to stand, unequivocally, behind a people's undaunted cry for freedom!
In truth, few in the West want Arabs to have such freedom or democracy. People who hold the reins of their own destiny are more difficult to deal with because they tend to demand fair play, justice, and respect for themselves. They also might not sit silently, for example, the next time Israel decides to rain the death of bombs, missiles, and white phosphorous onto the already battered, hungry, and besieged people of Gaza.
May God give the Egyptian people the strength to hold their ground and may their revolution for democracy and freedom spread like a brushfire through the Arab world.
Make no mistake, it is only a matter of time, and especially if Mubarak employs more terror against their own people in order to stay in power.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Pope Benedict XVI has been pictured giving a blessing to Rebecca Kadaga, the Speaker of the Ugandan Parliament, who has promised to pass the country's notorious Anti-Homosexuality Bill as a “Christmas gift”.
Yesterday, Kadaga was at the Vatican to meet the Pope and to attend a human rights conference.
They received the blessing during a mass attended by thousands of pilgrims at the Vatican.
“I think it is something that I will remember all my life. It's a very great moment and I thank God for this opportunity,” Kadaga said minutes after meeting the Pope, Uganda's New Vision reports.
During the service, the Pope launched their Twitter account and sent their first message in several languages to millions of online followers.
Uganda's bill, which stipulates the death penalty for repeat gay offenders, is currently before the country's parliament.
On Monday, dozens of people gathered outside the Ugandan High Commission in central London to demonstrate against the bill.
A letter of protest was handed in to the High Commission.
It called on Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni, and their parliamentarians, to reject the bill and to stop persecuting LGBT people.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Residents in a Springfield Township neighborhood in Ohio had no idea one of their neighbors was living in squalor until emergency vehicles lit up their typically quiet street this week, the Toledo Blade reported.
The smell of human excrement reached the sidewalk as emergency responders worked to remove a 550-pound woman from their living room chair Thursday evening. Barbara Foster, 75, had been sitting in the same place since July 2016 — long enough for their body to weaken and their skin to "mold" to the chair's shape, according to a Lucas County Sheriff's Office report.
Crews required protective suits because of the home's unsanitary conditions, Assistant Fire Chief Rick Helminski said.
"I was also advised that Barbara was so physically weak that bones in their body were breaking when EMS was attempting to carry them out of the house," the report read.
Ms. Foster was taken to the University of Toledo Medical Center, the former Medical College of Ohio hospital.
A hospital spokesperson on Friday said no information was available for a patient by that name.
A bright orange sign posted in Foster's front window declared the home unfit for habitation Friday after Toledo-Lucas County Health Department officials assessed the dwelling.
Caution tape surrounded the property, and surgical-type face masks were discarded on the front lawn.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Sheriff's investigators believe Foster moved to the area from Arizona and had taught at Toledo Public Schools. They are not aware of any living relatives in the region, sheriff's Lt. Dave Carter said.
The Area Office on Aging had not had contact with Foster, but officials called their situation "extreme."
"The hope is not to have something get to this extreme. We don't want this to be the norm," said Pam Wilson, the agency's senior vice president of long-term care. "That's why we're here. We're here to link people up with help."
Wilson said the Toledo community is rich with resources and services for the elderly and disabled, and help is available to prevent situations from becoming emergencies. All it takes is a phone call to the agency's office or local law enforcement.
"To see somebody not be connected just kind of breaks your heart," they said.
Neighbors said they did not know Foster but recalled a volunteer from their church regularly stopping by their home. Robbie Zolciak said they believe Foster has lived next door to them since they and their wife bought their home about 10 years ago. They said they used to smile and wave to them when they mowed their lawn, but they never spoke to them
"It's been years since I've physically seen her," Zolciak said.
A volunteer with Our Lady of Lourdes church, where Foster was also a member, told investigators they had delivered food to their home for the past 10 years. They said they were used to the smell but called 911 on Thursday because Foster was "not acting herself," according to the sheriff's office report.
They could not be reached for comment, and church officials did not return calls seeking comment Friday.
Ms. Foster's neighbors flocked to their front lawns Thursday evening to witness the commotion. It's a quiet neighborhood, Zolciak said, so the emergency lights were out of character.
"I've never seen so many people suited up," they said. "It was quite a scene."
Zolciak added the neighbors looked out for each other in terms of reporting possible vandals and speeding vehicles, but they were unaware Foster was in poor health.
Bill and Honey Malik have lived on the block since 1995 and said they didn't know Foster's name until this week.
"We didn't know her," Malik said. "I've never seen them at all."
Malik said they saw their neighbor once years ago walking down their driveway with two canes. But the next time they saw Foster was on Thursday as medics moved them to an ambulance on a stretcher.
Detectives are now reviewing the case for any potential crime, Carter said. They declined to specify.
Foster was nearly $1,400 behind on their property taxes, according to county auditor records. They missed their first payment — $687 — in July, about the time they became confined to their chair.
Investigations of abuse and neglect on the elderly are handled by Adult Protective Services through Lucas County Job and Family Services.
Michelle Niedermier, JFS director, said state law prohibits the agency from confirming investigations of alleged neglect or abuse, including those that could have been the result of an elderly person's own actions.
They said about 12 cases of alleged abuse or neglect were referred to the office in 2016.
In 2006, Foster filed a complaint with the Lucas County Sheriff's Office against a woman they had allowed to live with them in return for assisting them with chores. Foster accused the woman of threatening to burn down their house if they didn't give their $3,000, court records show.
Deputies in the sheriff's records office said they received phone calls this year from the Burnham Green address on May 5 to report a burglary and May 29 on a criminal damage incident. No reports were made on either incident, deputies said.
Shortly after the election last year the media became obsessed with a rise in reported hate crimes. One incident which was widely reported at the time involved a church in Bean Blossom, Indiana which had been spray-painted with a swastika and the phrase “Heil Trump.” A slur for gay people was also painted on the church. This week police revealed the crime was actually a “false flag” carried out by the church's own organist, who is themselves gay. From WTHR:
The Brown County prosecuting attorney's office issued a statement Wednesday saying they had charged 26-year-old George Nathaniel Stang of Bloomington with institutional criminal mischief, a misdemeanor. Stang was the man who originally claimed to have found the graffiti, and works as the organist at St. David's Episcopal Church in Bean Blossom… In a three-page, handwritten statement, Stang, according to court records, wanted to “mobilize a movement.” “I suppose I wanted to give local people a reason to fight for good, even if it was a false flag,” they wrote. “To be clear my actions were not motivated by hate for the church or its congregation. I of course realize now, this was NOT the way to go about inspiring activism.”
In its initial report on the incident, the Washington Post quoted Rev. Kelsey Hutto on their decision to leave the graffiti in place for a few weeks. “It's no secret that the atmosphere of hatred has kind of permeated the nation right now,” Hutto told the Post. According to the Daily Caller, the Post mentioned the incident in 15 separate stories.
This is far from the only post-election hate incident which turned out to be bogus. Just hours after the election, a Muslim college student in Louisiana claimed they had been assaulted by two men who cursed at them and knocked them down. One of the men allegedly wore a white Trump hat during the assault. A few days later, police announced the student had admitted the entire story was bogus.
There was a similar hoax at the University of Michigan. A female, Muslim student claimed a man had demanded they remove their headscarf or be set on fire. In December, having thoroughly investigated the claim, police determined it “did not occur.”
In New York, another college student claimed they were harassed by Trump supporters on the subway. Police investigated and later arrested the woman for making a false report.
There are more examples, but suffice it to say there have been numerous well-publicized hate crimes which turned out to be false. Though the motive wasn't put in writing in every one of those cases (as it was in this one), it's a safe bet most of the hoaxers were also hoping to “mobilize a movement.”
A forensic investigator with the Montreal police has opened testimony in Luka Magnotta's murder trial by describing the discovery of a human torso in the trash outside the accused's apartment in 2012.
One of the first people at the scene, investigator Caroline Simoneau, told jurors their team searched through 31 garbage bags left outside the building in Montreal's Snowdon neighbourhood.
Simoneau is the first witness to testify at the first-degree murder trial of Magnotta, who lived in the building.
Earlier today, the court heard Magnotta has admitted to the acts underlying the five criminal offences he's charged with, including the killing of 33-year-old university student Jun Lin, but has pleaded not guilty, claiming they are not criminally responsible because of mental illness.
Magnotta pleaded not guilty to:
First-degree murder.
Committing an indignity to a body.
Publishing obscene material.
Criminally harassing Prime Minister Stephen Harper and other MPs.
Mailing obscene and indecent material.
Simoneau is the first of more than 60 witnesses expected to be called before the court in the six-week-long trial.
Along with photos of the garbage bags, Simoneau presented images of a canvas suitcase found at the scene, partially open.
Inside, they said, investigators found a human torso, missing its arms, legs and head.
The investigators also found a severed limb, articles of clothing, two knives, a shower curtain, scissors and a dead dog among the trash.
All of the evidence recovered was sent to a lab for analysis.
Not criminally responsible defence
Before Simoneau was called to the witness box, Quebec Superior Court Justice Guy Cournoyer gave the jury members instructions on their duty to the court.
"He admits the acts or the conducts underlying the crime for which they are charged. Your task will be to determine whether they committed the five offences with the required state of mind for each offence," they told the jury.
The Crown no longer needs to prove those facts, but needs to convince the jury that Magnotta is guilty of premeditated murder and should be held criminally responsible for their actions.
In their opening statement, Crown prosecutor Louis Bouthillier told the jury they intend to prove that Magnotta spent six months planning the alleged murder before it was committed.
They told the jury they would have to watch video footage that depicts evidence of the killing during the trial.
Magnotta's defence lawyer, Luc Leclair, told the jury they intend to prove that their client was not criminally responsible for their actions. They said Magnotta is schizophrenic, and was hearing voices and feeling persecuted before the events took place.
They also told jurors they would be hearing from Donald Newman, Magnotta's father, who also suffers from schizophrenia, and a number of health professionals who had treated Magnotta over the years.
They said they plan to present medical files and evidence of past diagnoses as evidence.
Lin's father present in court
The small courtroom where the trial is being held only has seats for a handful of media and members of the public. Three seats in the courtroom have been set aside for Lin's family.
Jun Lin's father, Lin Diran, right, stands with their translator outside the Montreal courthouse as the family's lawyer addresses the media. Lin Diran intends to be in court for the duration of the trial, the lawyer said. (CBC)
However, a small room off of the main courtroom has also been provided so that Lin's father can watch the proceedings and consult with lawyers and translators as the evidence is presented.
The lawyer representing Lin's family said they are grateful for the accommodations made by the court.
Lin's father, Lin Diran, is being assisted by three Mandarin-speaking translators. They came from China for the trial, but Lin's mother and sister, who are still struggling to cope with the death, didn't make the trip.
"The idea for them to attend the real trial was too much, so they have stayed at home in China," Daniel Urbas, the family's lawyer, said outside of court.
"This is a lot of stress for them."
Lin's father intends to be in court every day, Urbas said, adding that the team working with them is covering up graphic evidence as it comes on the screen and explaining the evidence to them verbally instead.
"Some people can't understand why a father would want to see evidence like this, but it's their choice. It's their son," Urbas said.
"He decided that the way they want to honour their son is to be here. But there's also a personal interest. They want to know what happened to their son, how it happened, who did it… and, the question may never be answered, but why — why did it happen."
The trial continues tomorrow morning with the conclusion of forensic investigator Simoneau's testimony.
The FCC Has Rejected The First (Silly) Net Neutrality Complaint The FCC has rejected what was the first (and somewhat silly) major net neutrality complaint. Back in June we noted how Time Warner Cable was the subject of an informal net neutrality complaint by a company by the name of Commercial Network Services (CNS). CNS complained that Time Warner Cable is abusing its dominant market position to reject CNS' request for free peering.
The company runs a series of webcams in the San Diego area it proclaims users can't access if Time Warner Cable doesn't acquiesce to its demands. As promised, CNS has now filed an informal complaint with the FCC, claiming that Time Warner Cable is engaging in "paid prioritization" by simply requiring paid peering. "By refusing to accept the freely available direct route to the edge-provider of the consumers' choosing, TWC is unnecessarily increasing latency and congestion between the consumer and the edge provider by instead sending traffic through higher latency and routinely congested transit routes," CNS said in its complaint with the FCC. “This is a default on their promise to the BIAS consumer to deliver to the edge and make arrangements as necessary to do that." While ISPs have been repeatedly accused of encouraging congestion to kill settlement-free peering and force content companies like Netflix to pay for direct interconnection, in this case CNS (a smaller operator) appears to be arguing that net neutrality somehow means it's entitled to free peering...just because. As such, it was never never likely that the complaint would be taken seriously by the FCC. And indeed, it wasn't. Apparently the CNS complaint ticket was closed with little fanfare, and the company was informed they should try to hammer out their problems with Time Warner Cable privately. "We regret that you were not satisfied with attempts by FCC staff to facilitate a more satisfactory resolution of the underlying issue," The FCC told CNS. "At this point, you might want to contact the company directly to see if you and the company can arrive at a resolution that is moreacceptable to you. You will receive no further status on your complaint from FCC staff." CNS claims it's going to proceed with a more formal complaint, which will likely be met with the same response. It's a good sign for those who worried that the rules meant big ISPs could somehow be bullied by ever Tom, Dick and Harry looking for free interconnection or prioritization. It's clear the FCC is only looking at the most obvious of ham-fisted abuses. The new rules don't specifically cover interconnection, but the FCC says it will examine complaints on a case-by-case basis. "We deserve free peering just because" isn't likely to cross the FCC's threshold for an argument that constitutes a valid anti-competitive complaint. The new rules don't specifically cover interconnection, but the FCC says it will examine complaints on a case-by-case basis. "We deserve free peering just because" isn't likely to cross the FCC's threshold for an argument that constitutes a valid anti-competitive complaint.
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links ---------------------- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 25 comments
DocDrew
Be prepared.
Premium Member
join:2009-01-28
SoCal Ubee E31U2V1
Technicolor TC4400
ARRIS TG1672
4 edits 3 recommendations DocDrew Premium Member The informal complaint was already ruled on by the FCC...
Their original complaint also failed since CNS doesn't meet the bandwidth, location, or connectivity requirements for TWC settlement free peering. Then in the revised complaint, one of their major examples is 7ms of additional latency to their CNS server in NYC from their home TWC connection in Carlsbad (when their first hop jitter is more than 7ms). They never states how those few extra milliseconds make a real difference to the end user in their complaint though...
Really it seems that they were just trying to get a free direct connect to TWCs network for their CNS so it has better latency to TWC customers and they don't have to pay for transit to TWC. Being the CEO of CNS might have something to do with it. Really they should come out and just tell the FCC that their CNS specializes in virtual desktops for "algorithmic FOREX, equities and futures traders" where millisecond latency differences and direct connections to brokers and financial services can make a difference to their clients. That way they can improve their margins and attract more customers.
»www.commercialnetworkser ··· Traders/ said by CNS website : Ultra-low latency trading offers tremendous advantages for the trader because price quotes are received and orders entered before most other traders receive the same quote (usually several times over). This is most valuable during periods of volatile market activity when prices change quickly and latency may affect pricing. Low latency also offers the trader more reliable connectivity to the broker because there are fewer hops on the Internet for potential problems to impact the data transmission, requiring the data packet to be sent again at the expense of time. Review our latency chart. They advertise low latency as a big selling point for their trading customers:
»helpdesk.commercialnetwo ··· ders-vps
Reading the attachments on their CNS helpdesk page about the complaints is rather entertaining. It really shows how he's grasping at straws trying to make a plausible argument without mentioning the primary CNS business:
»helpdesk.commercialnetwo ··· s-vs-twc
The FCC's last statement on the informal complaint is a nice read:
»helpdesk.commercialnetwo ··· 191/6011
[edit] Their general policy of free peering when ever possible are starting to cause issues for him:
»www.financemagnates.com/ ··· weekend/ Their original complaint also failed since CNS doesn't meet the bandwidth, location, or connectivity requirements for TWC settlement free peering. Then in the revised complaint, one of their major examples is 7ms of additional latency to their CNS server in NYC from their home TWC connection in Carlsbad (when their first hop jitter is more than 7ms). They never states how those few extra milliseconds make a real difference to the end user in their complaint though...Really it seems that they were just trying to get a free direct connect to TWCs network for their CNS so it has better latency to TWC customers and they don't have to pay for transit to TWC. Being the CEO of CNS might have something to do with it. Really they should come out and just tell the FCC that their CNS specializes in virtual desktops for "algorithmic FOREX, equities and futures traders" where millisecond latency differences and direct connections to brokers and financial services can make a difference to their clients. That way they can improve their margins and attract more customers.He advertises low latency as a big selling point for their trading customers:Reading the attachments on their CNS helpdesk page about the complaints is rather entertaining. It really shows how he's grasping at straws trying to make a plausible argument without mentioning the primary CNS business:The FCC's last statement on the informal complaint is a nice read:[edit] Their general policy of free peering when ever possible are starting to cause issues for him: First they complained about congestion and lack of bandwidth to their CNS (Commercial Network Services) hosted » SunDiegoLive.com website they created, but that didn't get any traction (especially since Cox, Charter, Verizon, Comcast, etc. don't direct peer either and those received the HD videos without a problem or warning). TWC is still being singled out for the non-peering by CNS:
General Description Allspice is the dried, unripe berry of Pimenta dioica, an evergreen tree in the myrtle family. After drying, the berries are small, dark brown balls just a little larger than peppercorns.
Geographical
Sources Allspice comes from Jamaica, Guatemala and Honduras.
Traditional
Ethnic
Uses Allspice is used in Jamaican jerk seasoning and in Jamaican soups, stews, and curries. It also is used in pickling spice, spiced tea mixes, cakes, cookies, and pies. Food producers use it in ketchup, pickles, and sausages.
Taste and Aroma
Description Allspice is pungent and fragrant. It is not a blend of "all spices," but its taste and aroma remind many people of a mix of cloves, cinnamon, and nutmeg.
History/Region of Origin Christopher Columbus discovered Allspice in the Caribbean. Although they were seeking pepper, they had never actually seen real pepper and they thought Allspice was it. They brought it back to Spain, where it got the name "pimienta," which is Spanish for pepper. Its Anglicized name, pimento, is occasionally used in the spice trade today. Before World War II, Allspice was more widely used than it is nowadays. During the war, many trees producing Allspice were cut, and production never fully recovered. Folklore suggests that Allspice provides relief for digestive problems.
Storage Tips Store in cool, dark, dry places.
Defenders 043: Slardar January 24, 2012
I thought it would never happen, but Slardar finally got the vote. This one goes out to Gopher54.
This is another one of my go-to heroes. They really bring a lot to the team if played right. An amazing stun, armor debuff + vision, mobility, viscious damage… I have a hard time thinking of a team that Slardar would be a bad choice against. And if the enemies grab Riki, BH, or any other invis hero, he's basically an insta-pick. Honestly, they have it all.
Which doesn't mean I think he's the strongest hero in the game or anything, but their skill-set is really robust. I feel Slar is sort of like a jack of all trades, but master of none. They can easily fill the role of ganker, initiator, even carry… sometimes all three at the same time. But there are lots of heroes that do any one of those things better than they do.
Alright. Enough gushing (works better as a Tidehunter pun). Who do you think is the most versatile or well-rounded hero in the game?
Wallpaper. 1920×1080.
PNGs. Square / Wallpaper
ENGLEWOOD — The Super Bowl champs begin training camp today with major questions on both sides of the ball, beginning with who will be the one throwing it.
General manager John Elway declared the Denver Broncos' quarterback competition wide open.
Coach Gary Kubiak said he'll split snaps between Mark Sanchez, Trevor Siemian and Paxton Lynch, beginning — but not set — in that order.
"Gary is very seasoned at that position, so I know he's going to handle it the right way and we'll find the right guy," Elway said.
There are also unknowns on defense such as when star cornerback Aqib Talib and pass-rusher DeMarcus Ware will be cleared to practice. Both are starting out on the non-football injury list, Ware after aggravating a bad back in the offseason and Talib after suffering a gunshot wound to their right leg.
While acknowledging it's hard to top a Super Bowl triumph, Elway said they expect their offense to be better this year no matter who wins the quarterback job. They insisted their standards don't dip just because they don't have an elite passer for the first time in four years.
Recommended Stories For You
"Our job is to be competitive and try to win a championship year in and year out," Elway said.
Kubiak has said "we should know a lot more in about a week" about who has the inside track to the job, but they declined to say how deep into camp he's willing to hold open the audition.
The winner gets to direct an offense that Elway reconstructed this offseason following Denver's 24-10 win over Carolina in Super Bowl 50 and the departures of Peyton Manning to retirement and Brock Osweiler to free agency.
The Broncos have just four offensive starters from the Super Bowl returning to their same position: center Matt Paradis, running back C.J. Anderson and wide receivers Emmanuel Sanders and Demaryius Thomas.
"I think we can be better offensively," Elway said, citing the return to health of some players and better familiarity in Year 2 under Kubiak, who no longer has to operate a hybrid offense to accommodate Manning.
"As much as we like to say that we did the right things offensively (last season), we HUNG ON offensively," Elway said.
Led by linebackers Von Miller and Brandon Marshall, both of whom signed big contracts this summer, the defense returns all but two starters. Elway said they trust the Broncos have the depth to seamlessly replace Malik Jackson and Danny Trevathan, who followed Osweiler out of Denver in free agency.
Kubiak said Talib should be back in action "real soon." But even if they are, possible NFL punishment and legal ramifications hang over the star cornerback who was shot in their right leg in Dallas on June 5. Police are investigating whether Talib accidentally shot himself.
"When I heard the news, I was just thankful that they were OK," Elway said.
The GM met face-to-face with Miller on Wednesday for the first time since protracted contract negotiations that grew contentious before Miller signed a deal that guarantees them $70 million, a record for a nonquarterback.
Elway said they wanted to make sure there were no hard feelings, and Miller said there weren't any.
Elway said they also told Miller that standards soar commensurate with their weightier wallet.
"I'm aware of the expectations," Miller said. "But we have high expectations on all of us."
The sides signed off on the $114.5 million, six-year contract about two hours before the July 15 deadline.
"I was expecting it to be a day or like a couple of hours," Miller said before dodging a question about reports they and their agent sought permission to seek a trade at one point.
"Ultimately, I wanted to be a Denver Bronco for life and I feel like we got that done," Miller said. "The business is the business, but ultimately I wanted to be a Denver Bronco at the end of the day."
So far this blog has totally exceeded my expectations. I really only thought each post would only get a few views but that has not been the case. I've had the help of others and I'm grateful for it. There are a lot of great dudes in the 93/94 community and they all seem to promote each other. It makes me glad to be a part of it!
In addition to the blog, i've met some awesome guys on Instagram too. @oldschoolmtg has by far one of the best collections of cards out there that i've seen. Also a really great dude so go follow him. You'll learn a lot more about Magic theory from them than me in addition to seeing cooler cards than what I post. In the earlier days of my ‘gram they gave me a shoutout so I owe him!
Some of the other great guys and great Old School Magic Instagram accounts are @kindgrindshmups, @southwestwizard, @mtgcuriosities…i know there's more. If I missed you, I'm sorry! Anyways, these guys also have better cards than I do and have also been playing longer than me. If you haven't already, go follow them to learn more about 93/94. You'll thank me later. And you'll be checking Instagram first thing every morning even before you get your coffee.
Moving on to the blog world, Mg mentioned The Wizard's Tower blog in a recent post over at the Old School blog. I've had a pretty steady stream of visitors coming over from their site since then. Thanks Mg! It's greatly appreciated.
Chances are if you're here you already regularly read their blog since most of you have gotten here from there or Reddit. If by any chance you got here from my Twitter which I believe like maybe 4 people have in total, go check out the Old School blog and bookmark it right now. They regularly post tournament reports and they're awesome. They always post pictures of the top winning decks which is great for deck building inspiration. It's also awesome to see decks and be like, “that deck made the top 8??!! Awesome! I would have never thought about building that sort of deck!” You'll become a better player from reading their blog. For the rest of you, you already know that. Aside from tournament reports, their posts are always super interesting.
Another awesome blog that I want to bring up is Understanding Ancestral Recall. Danny's latest post is called Archetype Primer: Prep for Eternal Weekend 2016 and it goes over all the different types of decks one might encounter at the Old School event at Eternal Weekend coming up in October. Regardless if you're going or not, the article is incredibly informative on the different types of Old School decks in general. If you're new to Old School definitely check it out as everything is explained as if a beginner were to read it. I barely know what I'm talking about so it was great for me.
Again, I really appreciate all the people within the community. Really great dudes who all share a love for old Magic cards.
Moving on to some other things; there's a small 93/94 group meeting up at GP Providence in Rhode Island on Saturday October, 22. I'll be there so if you're also a New Englander you definitely should come. As of right now there are 4 people, including me, confirmed. There's a Facebook page for it here where you can see the details.
I was informed through a comment on an earlier post that there's also a small 93/94 group forming in the Boston area which I am also now a part of. There's a Facebook page for that too which you can see here. So if you're in the Boston area and want to toss some Oldschool, join up.
Another new group is one I formed and it's up and running right now on meetup.com. It's the Manchester Old School 93/94 Magic group and you can get to it here. I hesitated for a while to start it because you have to pay monthly to have a group page on the site. Last week they had a 50% off sale so I succumbed to their advertising and they have some of my money now. Hopefully it went towards some guy's Rolls-Royce collection.
Oh, and to clarify since there are international readers, the group is in Manchester, New Hampshire in the U.S. No Old Trafford here. Technically Manchester is in the Boston area but it can be hard to get in and out of the city depending on the time of day so I'm attempting to get a local group in case I can't make it down to Boston. So if you just happen to be an Old School southern New Hampshire dweller, then it would be awesome if you joined!
…
What else is new?
I have some new acquisitions this week. I bought a playset of Underworld Dreams and, possibly one of the most exciting purchases of my life, a Library of Alexandria which is the closest thing to any of the Power 9 that I will own for a while. I can't wait to try it out.
It would be great to be able to use a playset of Libraries to up the chances of drawing one on the opening hand but, man, I'm glad I only have to buy one. Restrictions are good for that! I'm still dreading the money I have to spend to finish my Juzam Djinn playset. All in good time though.
Those Alpha Sinkholes I was worried about being too good to be true ended up being real. I wrote about them in the last post. Maybe they weren't actually good enough to be too good to be true. Either way, I'm pumped to be able to destroy lands for only BB with some pimp black bordered round edge goodness. They went right into my black deck.
Speaking of my black deck, it's no longer mono-black. It has white in it now. I wrote a whole post about the deck then decided to deconstruct it. Why do such things happen?? I added playsets of Swords to Plowshares and Disenchant and also a Balance. I decided to add a playset of Underworld Dreams as well. I think the deck is better with all this change. I think the changes have technically turned it into a Dead Guy Ale deck. Whatever it is, it's even more fun to play than before. I can't wait to bring it to one of the meet ups.
If you're wondering why I only have one City of Brass in the deck it's because I only own one City of Brass. I don't have any duals yet so I'm stuck with the basics. The way it is now certainly needs some work but it does the trick. And what I mean by it does the trick is that it's fun as hell. By adding the Swords and Disenchants, theoretically, the deck now seems to have an answer to almost anything that an opponent may cast. And since I have white mana available now I can't leave out Balance. Playing Balance is always so satisfying. Definitely one of my favorite cards.
To conclude this post, there's a lot going on in the Old School Magic world. Even locally here in New England thanks to myself and some other people who dig the Old School format. I'm super excited to do all these meetups and toss around Old School cards with new people!
Announcing Prometheus SQL Exporter
At JustWatch we rely on different databases to store and process our data. There are some specialized ones like ElasticSearch and AeroSpike, but the most versatile one for many of our use cases is still PostgreSQL. We enjoy using many of PostgreSQLs advanced features.
In order to keep our data safe we need to monitor the status of these databases. There were some existing exporters for this task, but they didn't really fit our use case. They were either not working up to spec or too focused on the systems monitoring part. What we needed was more of a general approach that would allow us to export any KPI from SQL to Prometheus.
Out of this need the SQL Exporter was created. It's a very small codebase but it allows for very flexible configuration and together with the right recording rules and Grafana dashboards proved to be very helpful.
The core concept of this exporter is based on the idea that a proper SQL query can easily be mapped onto a set of labels and one or more numbers that make up an valid Prometheus metric.
Walkthrough
In the end, our SQL exporter makes monitoring any metric you can imagine as simple as writing a SQL query that exposes the labels of a time series as text fields and any metrics as float fields. Add a database connection and a schedule – and you're done.
To better explain how this works let's use an example. We'll use the following config to explain the available options and how the time series are built.
--- jobs: - name: "per-db-stats" interval: '15m' keepalive: false connections: - 'postgres://postgres_exporter@host/db1' - 'postgres://postgres_exporter@host/db2' queries: - name: "pg_statio_user_tables" help: "IO Stats" labels: - "schemaname" - "relname" values: - "heap_blks_read" - "heap_blks_hit" - "idx_blks_read" - "idx_blks_hit" query: | SELECT schemaname::text , relname::text , heap_blks_read::float , heap_blks_hit::float , idx_blks_read::float , idx_blks_hit::float FROM pg_statio_user_tables;
This configuration defines one job to export the PostgreSQL I/O statistics tables to Prometheus. These tables are different in each database, so we need to connect to each database in turn and collect all of the metrics. Two properties of the config struct come in handy here: Being able to terminate the connection between the different runs and the possibility to defined multiple connection strings over which the exporter will iterate.
The most interesting part are of course the queries. Each job takes any number of different queries that will be executed sequentially on all connection URLs. Each query produces an metric named after the query name with an sql_ prefix. In this example the exported metric will be named sql_pg_statio_user_tables .
Running this query on one of our stage databases yields the following ouput (edited for brevity):
schemaname | relname | heap_blks_read | heap_blks_hit | idx_blks_read | idx_blks_hit ------------+--------------------+----------------+---------------+---------------+-------------- grafanadb | plugin_setting | 0 | 0 | 6 | 4076514 grafanadb | alert | 0 | 0 | 12 | 2038576 grafanadb | preferences | 0 | 0 | 3 | 1019123 grafanadb | dashboard | 57 | 312 | 115 | 65
As we defined the columns schemaname and relname as labels the fully qualified metrics name will look like this:
sql_pg_statio_user_tables{schemaname="grafanadb",relname="dashboard"}
Now there are different values per table, but as each fully-qualified time-series in Prometheus can only have one float value per point in time, we need to introduce one more label: col . This will contain the value of the column that each value was read from, e.g.
sql_pg_statio_user_tables{schmaname="grafanadb",relname="dashboard",col="heap_blks_read"} = 57.0
As the queries can be run on multiple connections we need this information in the labels as well:
sql_pg_statio_user_tables{schmaname="grafanadb",relname="dashboard",col="heap_blks_read",database="db1",host="host",user="postgres_exporter"} = 57.0
Deployment
We deploy the SQL Exporter in Kubernetes and use Grafana to display the metrics.
The repository contains everything to get started, including example Alerts and Recording Rules for Prometheus.
There is no such thing as a free lunch
My database professor at the university always used to say There is no such thing as a free lunch .
While this exporter comes with great flexibility it requires some caution. It's very easy to overload either your Database or Prometheus. The database may suffer from too expensive queries running too often and the Prometheus server can easily be overwhelmed by a huge number of timeseries.
Closing Remarks
We showed how one can easily export system metrics, KPIs, and basically everything that is available to SQL queries to Prometheus in a very straight-forward, time-saving way. We hope you enjoy this little tool like we do and if you have any suggestions feel free to open an Issues or PR on the GitHub project.
This post was brought to you by Dominik Schulz, Head of Infrastructure. If you like to work with Go, Kubernetes and the Google Cloud Platform, we're currently hiring Data Engineers and SREs.
Stay tuned.
Libertarian Party candidate Bob Barr talked with the Washington Post about their campaign and what's wrong with the Republican Party:
Bob Barr, the Libertarian Party presidential nominee, offered a scathing critique of Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) today and predicted they would garner substantial conservative Republican support in a handful of battleground states critical to McCain in their campaign against Democratic Sen. Barack Obama (Ill.).
Barr, a one-time conservative Republican House member from Georgia who broke with the Bush administration and many of their former congressional colleagues, blasted McCain for their support of the war in Iraq, their energy policies and their stand on reducing government spending.
“With regard to domestic policy, Sen. McCain really has put forward nothing that would indicate they believe in dramatically shrinking the size and cost of the government,” Barr said during an interview on washingtonpost.com's “PostTalk” program. “He does talk a great game about doing away with earmarks, but that really does not get near to the heart of the matter of the massive federal spending, the massive federal debt and the deficits we're running.”
(…)
Barr, 59, for years was a conservative Republican foot soldier in the House who strongly supported the war in Iraq, was a booster of the Patriot Act that strengthened the government's domestic surveillance powers, backed measures to ban gay marriage and voted to block the use of marijuana for medical purposes.
But since renouncing the GOP and embracing the anti-government tenets of the Libertarian party a couple years ago, Barr has flip-flopped repeatedly and now strongly opposes the war, condemns the Patriot Act as a violation of civil liberties, criticizes efforts to restrict gay rights, and even favors the legalization of marijuana for medical purposes.
Barr said that “the tremendous growth” of federal government powers since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks “has so dramatically shrunk the sphere of personal liberty in this country … that it has really caused myself and many other Americans … to take a much harder look at government power than we did in the past.”
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- When members of the New England Patriots gathered at owner Robert Kraft's home to receive their Super Bowl rings in the summer of 2004, offensive lineman Matt Light couldn't make it. It wasn't by choice.
Light was fighting to stay alive, in the middle of a 30-day hospital stay.
"It was one of the darkest periods in my life," they recalled Monday.
Had things unfolded according to plan, Light would have had 13 inches of their intestine removed, the ends could heal together, there would have been no complications and they would have been back on the field for the start of 2004 training camp.
But that's not the way it happened.
Instead, there were post-surgery complications. Light didn't eat for a month. Their weight dropped from 315 pounds to 260, as their under-the-radar battle with Crohn's disease -- a bowel disease that causes inflammation of the lining of the digestive system -- was attacking them with force.
Forget about facing potent pass-rushers such as Dwight Freeney, Jason Taylor, Aaron Schobel and John Abraham. Light just wanted to make sure he'd get out alive.
Light told this story publicly, and detailed their decade-long struggle with Crohn's, for the first time Monday in a private moment after their retirement news conference.
Monday had to be one of the happiest days of Light's life, the Patriots giving them a terrific send-off that included heartfelt remarks from Kraft and Bill Belichick. To understand why that was the case, and a large reason why he'd come to the decision to retire, one has to go back to the summer of 2004.
"I basically got to the point, over the 3-4 years of being diagnosed with Crohn's, that I couldn't handle the pain anymore," Light said. "The pain became so difficult that in the offseason it just paralyzed me. I'd hit the ground. You can't wake up. You can't sit down. You can't do anything without this becoming a problem."
Realizing that they couldn't go on like that much longer, Light saw a specialist and tapped the expert advice of one of the Patriots' team doctors, David Berger at Massachusetts General Hospital.
"I was lucky that I had their counsel and they were there to walk me through the process," Light said, referring to Berger as their lifeline.
"It came down to the fact that, 'Look, you have to have 13 inches of your intestine removed and it has to happen now and you could be on a bag the rest of your life. If there was anything else we could do, we'd do it, but you're getting blocked and there is nothing we can do for you other than this surgery.' When you have 13 inches of your intestine removed, that's not a very simple process.
"That happened in June, and I made it to training camp in the third week [of August], but not without having literally a near-death experience where I had another blockage post-surgery that I wasn't aware of -- all these complications.
Family and health were two key factors in Matt Light's decision to retire. Light has been dealing with Crohn's disease since 2001. AP Photo/Steven Senne
"It's not to tell the story as 'woe is me' -- I could care less about that -- but when you go through something like that and it's that wild of a time I always wanted to finish the game of football and go out on my terms and the way I wanted to do it."
Light, 33, has done just that. Learning to manage Crohn's over time, they ended up playing some of their best football in 2011, with Belichick saying Light made just two mental errors all season (compared to 19 as a rookie in 2001). Light would have been a bargain for the team at a $3.4 million base salary in 2012, but this wasn't about collecting another paycheck.
Light's retirement was a health decision. Light said Crohn's isn't the primary reason he's walking away, but it is a factor. While they were playing, they didn't want to take medication, in part because it could have deteriorated their bone mass and would have added to the already difficult challenge of maintaining their weight. In recent weeks since finalizing their retirement, they have started taking medication and the initial results have been promising.
Light, who grew up in Greenville, Ohio, is one of just a few NFL players who have publicly detailed their struggles with Crohn's, joining Miami Dolphins quarterback David Garrard. Light first discovered it during their rookie season.
"I knew I had some issues in 2001, due to some bleeding and where I was finding that," they said. "People that have it know, whether it's using the restroom or all the other things that come along with it, the pain that comes along with it and how it affects people, it's just a very ugly disease.
"So I had some signs in college [at Purdue] that nobody ever picked up on, me included. When I came to New England, all the pressure and everything else, I think that kind of led to some of the symptoms and things ramping up. I found out it was definitely Crohn's and it was definitely an issue."
Panda Bear, Panda Bear, What Do You See? is a children's picture book by Bill Martin, Jr. and illustrated by Eric Carle. It is the third companion book to Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?.
Plot summary [ edit ]
Various endangered animals answer the question "What do you see?" and the answers are what animal they see. The text is in rhyme. The list of animals includes a panda bear, a bald eagle, a water buffalo, a spider monkey, a green sea turtle, a macaroni penguin, a sea lion, a red wolf, a whooping crane and a black panther. The last iteration is a dreaming child who sees all the animals "wild and free".
Reception [ edit ]
A Bella Online review says, "The book is a great tool to introduce conservation to youngsters. It is never too early, to introduce infants, toddlers and young children to the conservation of animals and natural resources.[1]" A Wonder Korner review says, "Bill Martin Jr. and Eric Carle have done it again! These popular collaborators have added a new book about animal conversations to their series of rhythmic animal books. The combined talent of Martin and Carle are bound to ensure this a spot on the shelves of children's classics.[2] It was reviewed by Publishers Weekly.[3] It was reviewed by Booklist.[4]
Texas ban [ edit ]
In 2010, the book was banned in Texas when the Texas Education Agency confused author Bill Martin, Jr. with leftist philosopher Bill Martin.[5]
References [ edit ]
— A big rig jackknifed and spilled roughly 42,000 gallons of honey on the northbound 605 Freeway Monday afternoon, backing up traffic for miles in the City of Industry.
The incident took place just north of the 60 Freeway around 2 p.m.
A Sig Alert was issued for about three-and-a-half hours. All lanes but one were shut down. A few hours later, all lanes were reopened.
LISTEN TO KNX 1070 FOR LIVE TRAFFIC UPDATES
Crews were brought to the scene to clean up the mess.
Authorities were trying to keep the honey from running into storm drains, Los Angeles County Fire Department Inspector Tony Atkins said.
(©2014 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Wire services contributed to this report.)
After J.K. Rowling validated Harmony (Harry/Hermione) fans' deepest desires, it now feels like anything is possible in the Harry Potter fandom. Harry and Draco are totally in love, right? And Harry and Dobby, too. Until J.K. Rowling confirms these ships, enjoy these disturbing fan fiction titles!
Incubus
by BlakeMD
" How will our young hero deal with an entire year at Hogwarts when they have to have sex at least once a day just to survive?! "
(via)
He'll survive. Probably.
(via)
Lock My Hart!!!!!
by hermionesrini
" After finishing school,Hermione Granger joins as a healer at St.Mungo's Hospital. Little did they know that they would encounter their first childhood crush -Gilderoy Lockhart."
(via)
Alright, everyone, calm down.
(via)
Getting Dirty in the Prefects Bath
by red jacobson
"Showing the life of a Happy Harry Potter"
(via)
I mean, it was already weird all the Prefects bathed together?
(via)
Nymphadora's Nymphos: Luna's Induction
by NymphoHP
" The story of Luna Lovegood and their invitation to join Nymphadora's Nymphos."
(via)
Does Neville know?
(via)
Harry Potter and The Threesome
by Challenge King
"Hermione wants to show how much they love their two best friends, Harry and Jay."
(via)
WHO To EFF IS JAY? Why does everyone hate Ron all of a sudden?!?
(via)
The Slugfest
by hermionesrini
" Professor Slughorn has brewed a special potion and they want to test it on a special student."
(via)
Hermione learns the most important lesson of all: never be the teacher's pet.
(via)
Harry Potter - The Fifth Year is the Sexual One
by BaelorStark
" Join Harry as they and their friends discover the pleasure's of being in fifth Year."
(via)
Does Hogwarts provide Sex Ed classes? Does the Wizarding World have STDs? And what do wizards use to protect their "wands"? We have a lot of questions.
(via)
A Big Happy Weasley Family
by Werewolf Warrior
"The men in the Weasley family have peculiar desires. And Harry is here to fulfill them."
(via)
Let's hope there isn't a second meaning to 'The Burrow.'
(via)
Harry Potter and the Slutty Hollows
by BaelorStark
" Au D-of-M Harry steps through the veil in an attempt to save their godfather and ends up in an alternate universe where they are a death eater their parents are alive their sister is the girl who lived and their heratige is unlocked as well as their true power that combined with their trip through the veil awaken dormant substances within their improved body binding them together."
(via)
....WHAT?
(via)
Harry Potter, the erotic gay fiction writer
by secretfanficlover
"Harry is bored after saving the world, and develops a new hobby."
(via)
I think we can all relate to this.
(via)
Harry's Magical Penis
by Driftwood
"Hermione and Harry meet Luna on the train before the 5th year."
(via)
Seeing as they are wizard and can do magic, then...yeah, their penis is magical. Their penis is totally magical.
(via)
Oh, wow. How many pictures there? Twenty? "Naked with a hat" day gets a hundred times as many....
You know, one thing I have learned about internet wars is that the mobs are seldom really as big as they appear. I wonder about this "heap-load" of readers. How big a heap? How many? When all is said and done, I think more readers will be rallying to the defense of Tor against the Puppy attacks than are presently attacking the company and calling for boycotts. Time will tell, I guess....
I have been doing what I can here to try and keep things civil and find some common ground with the Sads, at least -- I have nothing but contempt for the Rabids -- but it is becoming apparent that this is a losing cause.
George Rape Rape Martin is on a roll. In addition to crying about their wounds, they have mocked Tor Books author Jagi Lamplighter's attempt to show Tor Books that it is their longtime customers who are being attacked by their senior employees and attempted to belittle the number of people wanting to see Irene Gallo held responsible for their public attacks on Tor books, Tor authors, and Tor customers.I just sent Jagi the picture of my 53 books. Call RapeSquared's bluff and send them yours at lampwrightATgmail.com. You're going to need them for Friday anyhow.Anyhow, I have no sympathy for the fat bastard. Not after they killed Myranda in the Season Five finale and ruined the only true love story on the show.
The tower on San Francisco's landmark Ferry Building is about to get a new look to make it appear just the way it did a century ago.
The numerals 1915 will be installed on the tower in figures 11 feet, 6 inches high. The four numbers together will be 27 feet long. The 240-foot tower will be illuminated at night in white lights, exactly as it appeared during the Panama-Pacific International Exposition.
The lights and the numbers were originally installed on the Ferry tower to celebrate the 1915 exposition, and they are being reinstalled to mark the 100th anniversary of the fair, which transformed more than 600 acres in what is now the Marina into a fairyland of palaces and amusement rides. It was such a hit, it is still a fond civic memory.
The project to light the Ferry Building was the brainchild of Donna Ewald Huggins, a leading historian of the fair. They have written a book on the exposition and has a huge collection of artifacts and fair ephemera.
The idea came to them in the middle of the night not long ago, “like a vision,” they said last week.
Back a century ago, the Ferry Building was the symbol of San Francisco, by far the busiest passenger terminal in the West. In the days before the bridges, almost everyone who arrived in San Francisco came through that building at the foot of Market Street.
“It was the first thing everybody saw when they came to San Francisco,” Huggins said. “It would be difficult to underestimate the importance of the Ferry Building in 1915.”
That's why the Ferry Building was transformed to advertise the fair, which was the biggest thing to hit San Francisco since the 1906 earthquake.
Help from philanthropist
Besides the numbers and lights on the tower, a 550-foot-long neon sign was put up on the bay side of the building. “California Welcomes the World,” it said. On the other side of the tower, another neon sign said: “Panama-Pacific Exposition.”
Reproducing the big signs seemed too difficult, but Huggins thought the “1915” sign and the lights were doable.
They contacted Jim Phelan, a steeplejack who loves tall buildings and history in equal measure. Phelan agreed to fabricate the big numbers and install them on the Ferry Building tower. But city authorization was needed. Huggins then talked to Mayor Ed Lee, who was enthusiastic, they said. So was the Port of San Francisco, which owns the Ferry Building, and Equity Office, which manages the building.
The total cost would be about $80,000. The city liked the idea but didn't want to put up public money. So Huggins hit the phones and by the middle of January had about half the amount raised. But the fair opened on Feb. 20, 1915, and the clock was ticking.
Huggins called philanthropist Tad Taube, who had made a sizable donation to the restoration of the Palace of Fine Arts, the last surviving building from the 1915 fair. “He said, 'I'll do it,'” Huggins recalled. “He put up $35,000 at the last minute.”
Phelan signed on, and Metropolitan Electric will do the lights, which will all be LED and very low power, only 0.7 watts per bulb.
So the deal is on, and work will start in a few days. Huggins, Phelan and port officials went up on the tower last week to scope out the project. The big numbers will be installed about three-fourths of the way up the tower, above the clock.
There will be two sets of numbers, one facing San Francisco and the other facing the bay. Strips of light will be strung on the edges of the tower, illuminating all the tower's lines. The result will be visible from both San Francisco and the East Bay.
Display to last 9 months
The lights will go on just after 6 p.m. on March 3,which is the closest Huggins could get to the opening date of the fair. There will be an appropriate ceremony in front of the Ferry Building.
The display will last nine months. The lights will go out on Dec. 4, the day the fair closed a century ago, and the Ferry Building will be restored to its 21st century appearance.
“This to me tells tells the whole story of the spirit of 1915,” Huggins said.
Carl Nolte is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: cnolte@sfchronicle.com
Twitter: @carlnoltesf
Learn more
For more information on the anniversary, visit www.ppie100.org.
INDIANAPOLIS -- The Reggie Wayne era is over in Indianapolis, as the Colts announced Friday that they will not re-sign the veteran receiver after 14 seasons with the organization.
"Reggie is one of the greatest men to ever wear the horseshoe, and we have been blessed to watch them play for the past 14 years," Colts owner Jim Irsay said in a statement. "When they first took the field with us in 2001, we knew this day would eventually arrive. That reality is one of the things that makes pro football such a tough business. We feel this decision is in the best interests of the team and for Reggie as it will allow them to seek a better opportunity for playing time elsewhere if they so choose."
Wayne is the franchise leader in regular-season games played (211) and wins (143) and ranks second in receptions (1,070), receiving yards (14,345), receiving touchdowns (80), 100-yard games (43) and consecutive games with a reception (134).
Reggie Wayne will exit at No. 2 on the Colts' all-time receiving list -- just 235 yards behind Marvin Harrison. AP Photo/Lenny Ignelzi
They rank seventh in NFL history in career receptions and eighth in receiving yards.
Colts general manager Ryan Grigson also made the tough decision of releasing franchise quarterback Peyton Manning in the spring of 2012.
"Everyone knows the greatness and history associated with number 87," Grigson said. "He truly is one of a small handful of players who really define the Colts as an organization. They were already a Hall of Famer in the making when Chuck [Pagano] and I arrived in Indianapolis in 2012, but no one has contributed more, on the field and in this building, to our turnaround, our continued growth, and our overall success since then. ... We wish them nothing but the best in whatever new endeavor they pursue."
Wayne Moving On, Moving Up Reggie Wayne has 1,070 receptions in their career, the seventh most in NFL history and eight shy of tying Terrell Owens for sixth on the all-time list. Players Rec. Jerry Rice 1,549 Tony Gonzalez 1,325 Marvin Harrison 1,102 Cris Carter 1,101 Tim Brown 1,094 Terrell Owens 1,078 Reggie Wayne 1,070* *2nd most in Colts history (Marvin Harrison)
Wayne said after the Colts lost to New England in the AFC Championship Game that they would take some time to talk to their family before deciding whether they would return for a 15th NFL season.
The Colts, however, made up their mind before Wayne could tell them their plans. They will become an unrestricted free agent Tuesday.
Wayne, who will be eligible for the Pro Football Hall of Fame five years after they retire, no longer has the capability to be quarterbacked Andrew Luck's security blanket. They had just 64 receptions for 779 yards and two touchdowns last season -- their worst since 2003.
Wayne's goal last season was to prove that they could return from a torn ACL suffered in Week 7 against Denver in October 2013. Things changed, however, when they suffered an elbow injury against Cincinnati on Oct. 19. Wayne missed one game and returned only to find out later that they had a torn triceps.
Wayne ended their career with the Colts without a reception in the their final two playoff games against Denver and New England.
Anyone watching Saturday Night Live's parodies of US electoral campaigns in recent years has likely noticed its particular humor no longer works so well. Its treatment of recent events in the presidential primary competitions, especially on the Republican side, is a lot less funny than the news coverage of the campaigns themselves.
The behavior displayed by the candidates as they travel around the country courting voters and debating each other seems to have more entertainment value than the sketches mocking it. Vine and Youtube videos made over the past few months by the comedian and video editor Vic Berger IV, on the other hand, distill some of the absurdity of this election season by highlighting what is too marginal and granular to capture with scripted caricature. Their videos of the candidates and their campaigns home in on moments of particularly awkward behavior. They illustrate something of Henri Bergson's argument about comedy, that it results from finding rigidity where one would expect there to be organic elasticity, “something mechanical encrusted on the living.”
The effectiveness of political sketch comedy, it appears, decreases as the gap closes between the rhetorical skills that allow people to be successful in politics, on one hand, versus televised comedy on the other. Donald Trump is such a dramatic parody of themselves that any parody by others is more or less redundant. Just as political campaigning has transformed by adapting to changes in the broader media environment, the locus of the most incisively humorous treatments of the current national election cycle has moved to a different technological register thanks to tools for editing and sharing digital video.
Berger's comedy is not concerned only with exploiting candidates' stumbles and strategic miscalculations, or the “gaffes” that seemed to define the narratives of the last few presidential elections. It focuses instead on cracks in the candidates' branding and messaging by magnifying the bizarreness that already exists in the margins of their source content before they manipulate it. Of Jeb Bush, the subject of their most well-known material, Berger told Vice:
I see this painful look in their eyes whenever they are interacting with everyday Americans. That's when the nervous blinking starts. I always think they are on the edge, seconds away from freaking out and punching people to escape the situation.
Instead of focusing on Bush's purposely conveyed message and what might be ridiculous about it, Berger tunes into what is latent in the material, amplifying what is not said.
For their “short version” of Bush's candidacy announcement, Berger rearranged into a continuous sequence the moments before and after the musical performance preceding the main event, extending the shuffling and squeals of feedback and removing the event that would have made them mere bits of context. When Bush finally begins speaking, the focus of the video moves away into the crowd, zooming in close to individuals' faces, becoming preoccupied with the one enthusiastic audience member showing their support by tapping together two inflatable rods. By the video's end, it achieves a kind of lurid, phantasmagorical effect.
“Marco Rubio's Awkward Speech” reveals a stiff, mechanical aspect of the Senator by focusing on a couple of odd, painful mispronunciations. In the context of a speech viewed in the usual linear manner, it is not too difficult to recover from these kinds of slips. They can be promptly pushed out of the viewer's attention with the delivery of the next sentence, but in Berger's hands, Rubio seems like a robot suffering from a glitch in their software. Of course, the factual content of the material remains unchanged, but by altering the temporal flow of Rubio's speech, Berger disrupts the synchronization between the meaning of what is being said and the medium of sound and syllables, which is supposed to remain in the background but momentarily intrudes into the foreground when the performance is thrown off balance.
As the candidates campaign across the country giving speeches, debating, posing for selfies, and performing their enjoyment of local food, surveilled all the while by armies of recording devices constantly prepared to feed the crowded mediascape, more information is generated and proliferated than any campaign or institution can shape into an authoritative narrative. When something outrageous happens at a rally, the world sees the video of it before the event is over. The attendees may, in real-time, check in on the competing opinions of commentators on the very event in which they are participating. The qualities that help a politician thrive in this situation are the ones that help to anticipate and strategically pivot for the next violent swerve in the national conversation.
The success or failure of a politician, under these conditions, seem to have little to do with cultivating an inoffensive image to then market to the electorate. Such images have lost most of their credibility, perhaps because the audience for them has already learned that the more conventionally disciplined and civil a candidate tries to appear, the more serious will be the disparity between image and events contradicting it that will inevitably be documented. Even the most focused and universally appealing self-presentation imaginable will be subject to immediate and continuous reframing and revision, and will be compromised from the moment it is launched. This is probably why it is no longer as funny as it once was to target a candidate's overall message with sketch comedy satire. That the things people who are running for office say are absurd is a foregone conclusion, so it is difficult to use this realization for comedic value by emphasizing it with satire.
We have come to expect politicians to be relatable in order to win our support, meaning that we want them to act less like politicians and more like “regular people.” So their task has become to prove to us that they are not distant, special people, and may not even be especially “good” people. At the beginning of the 20th century, Bergson, explaining the historical discontinuities in things found to be humorous, pointed out that fashionable clothing was not a popular target for comedy because people had become so used to it that it rarely occurred to anyone to distinguish between individuals themselves and the clothes they wore. People and clothes were fused into indivisible entities. When someone eccentric dressed in outdated clothing, however, it became possible to comically contrast “the inert rigidity of the covering with the living suppleness of the object covered.”
Has the lack of integrity in what candidates say with respect to the really “serious” matters of politics become such an obvious feature of elections that we have come to accept it as an unremarkable fact of our politics in general? Our society seems both less impressed and less amused than it used to be by the authoritative institutions of American party politics. We want to know who the candidates are, not as boring robots from the world of politics but as living personalities as they would be on reality TV. What Berger's video editing shows is that the more content we have about them, the stranger they seem.
Mike Cazzola got the third hat trick of their rookie season – they netted two 20-foot shots and an empty-netter – as the Komets defeated the Quad City Mallards 5-2 in front of 4,892 fans tonight at the iWireless Center in Moline, Illinois.
It was the first of potentially nine straight games between the teams, who finish the regular season at 7:30 p.m. Saturday at Memorial Coliseum and then begin a best-of-seven first-round playoff series Friday at the Coliseum.
Cazzola has six goals and 10 points in the last six games for the Komets (44-19-8), who have won five of those games, and he's now totaled 30 goals and 75 points in 66 ECHL games.
Garrett Bartus stopped 33 of 35 shots for the Komets, who were coming off a 6-1 loss Wednesday to Toledo, which remains two points up on Allen for the regular-season championship. C.J. Motte stopped 42 of 46 shots for the Mallards (40-27-4), who have lost 8 of 12 games to Fort Wayne this season.
Because of injuries to Will Weber, Bobby Shea and Kyle Follmer, the Komets played with only five defensemen, one fewer than usual.
Mason Baptista made it 2-1 for the Komets by stealing the puck from Donnie Harris alongside the right goalpost, spinning and firing the puck in 8:14 into the third period. Just after getting tossed out of the faceoff circle, Travis Ewaynk took advantage of Baptista winning the draw to net a shot from 40 feet out for a 3-1 lead at 9:58. After Quad City's Sam Warning scored, Cazzola netted a shot from the slot at 14:22 for a 4-2 lead.
Earlier in the day, Komets forward Mike Embach won the ECHL's Community Service Award. They made over 20 community appearances this season and is active with Hockey Players 4 Kids, which teaches the importance of reading and school. Embach, a volunteer youth hockey coach, helped plan an event in which the players shopped and gave gifts to hospitalized kids, then stayed to play games and have tea parties.
Note: Shane Bershbach of the Toledo Walleye received the Sportsmanship Award for a second straight season. They had 18 goals and 80 points with 25 penalty minutes.
By Joe Rivano Barros
On any given morning in the Mission's northeast corridor, the homeless have set up multi-colored REI tents in encampments that stretch entire blocks. On streets like Shotwell between 16th and 17th, the tents will remain all day. On others, like Folsom between 18th and 19th or Treat between 17th and 19th, the homeless will pack up during the day, but not always.
Some residents and local businesses – some of whom are sympathetic to the homeless – say the growing numbers have become a problem. Regardless, the men and women living in the tents, police said, are likely here to stay.
“Ten years ago, the streets were really rough,” said Andrea Combet, who lives on Shotwell with their husband and daughter. “But now, it's worse in a totally different way. There's been a very marked increase in tent encampments. They [homeless people] weren't living on the streets as much as.”
Combet said the “more permanent situation” has developed over the last year or two.
At the August community meeting at the Mission Station Captian Daniel Perea said that enforcement is ineffective because it only temporarily displaces the encampments. Further enforcement, they added, “is not going to correct this,” since officers (unable to physically relocate people) are left with the ineffective option of handing out fines. READ MORE
San Diego is in the midst of making a bid for MLS expansion, and behind the scenes the possible team is trying to come up with a name. Now in its final round, a Facebook vote is on the official page “SoccerCity SD” to name the team — and it isn't even close.
The name, is an homage to “Boaty McBoatface,” a name-turned-meme that won a British vote to name a new polar research ship. The British government ended up ignoring the fan vote because of the silly name, so that possibility remains with San Diego's MLS team too — otherwise we're going to have the San Diego Footy McFooty Faces.
We need to chat about these other names though in case they become a backup, because they're awful.
San Diego Surf: TRASH
We get it, you have water — a lot of places do. This sounds like a promotion for a laundry detergent or the name of a mathlympics team.
San Diego Bad Hombres: TRASH -- DOUBLE TRASH
Not only does it reference something super lame, but it's topical. A team name needs to last and some overwrought political joke sucks.
Mission San Diego FC: Good, with tweaks
This is one of those that's cramming too many elements. Just be “Mission San Diego” (which is awesome) or “San Diego FC” (which is slightly less awesome.)
San Diego Football Club (SDFC): More boring than an episode of House Hunters where the pretentious couple gets everything they want.
No. This is too plain.
San Diego Sol: Hidden gem
This is a good-ass name.
THE REAL NAME THAT SHOULD WIN ...
How does this only have two votes! For the uninitiated, Ballast Point brewery, based in San Diego makes a series of incredible IPAs called “Sculpin.” There's grapefruit sculpin, mango sculpin -- and they're all amazing.
Not only does this honor a local business, but it's a fish to keep with that nautical idea. Do it!
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
WESTMINSTER's main party leaders today set aside their differences to promise that a No vote will mean a stronger Scottish Parliament and total protection for the NHS.
David Cameron , Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg have signed up to a historic joint statement that was demanded by the Daily Record on behalf of the people of Scotland.
In their own words, they pledge to work together to transfer more powers to Holyrood if Scots reject independence on Thursday.
The Prime Minister, their Lib Dem deputy and the Labour leader also promise to ensure that no one
other than the Scottish Parliament can cut vital public services such as the NHS.
The unprecedented agreement was signed after the Record demanded that the leaders clearly explain what they are offering so the Scottish people can decide if it is a better alternative to independence.
The agreement was brokered by former prime minister Gordon Brown and Scottish Labour.
It will give Scots who remain unsure about separation complete confidence that, if there is a No vote, Scotland will still be given much more control over its future.
Brown has already outlined a fast-tracked timetable for transferring more powers from Westminster to Holyrood if Scots vote No .
This new pledge means that all the parties with a chance of forming the next UK government have guaranteed the “extensive” new powers will be put on the statute book next year.
The joint statement also rubbishes claims from the SNP that the Barnett Formula for calculating Scotland's budget could be changed to leave us less money for public services.
It pledges: “Because of the continuation of the Barnett allocation for resources, and the powers of the Scottish Parliament to raise revenue, we can state categorically that the final say on how much is spent on the NHS will be a matter for the Scottish Parliament.”
Last night, Brown said more powers for Scotland are now “locked in” to a No vote on Thursday .
And they said the agreement for a timetable for change that will reshape Scotland's role in the Union is now backed up by a public pledge to deliver.
Brown added: “In the past few days, I have been travelling the country, speaking at more than 30 rallies and town hall meetings. I want to sum up what I have heard.
“People want change. Whether it is because global economic forces are making their jobs less secure, of inferior status, lower paid and restricting the opportunities for their children, or whether it is in response to concerns about the bedroom tax, food banks and the future of public services, it is absolutely clear that people want change.
“But while change through the establishment of the Scottish Parliament in 1997 was the “settled will” of the Scottish people, it is clear that the nationalists' proposal for change through independence is not.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Not even the most ardent and optimistic nationalist would claim that there is an overwhelming majority for separation, as there was for devolution.
“I believe that there is, however, a programme of change that can bring the people of Scotland together.
“I sense that people want change that can unite Scotland, rather than divide Scotland.
“They want to know that a No vote does not mean no change and instead seek guarantees of change, locked in and clear assurances that from September 19, the pace of change will not stall but speed up.
“But they want a promise of change they can trust – without the risks and uncertainties of an irreversible separation. I believe they are saying to us, ‘Give us the guarantees of change and with
these guarantees, we can vote for a strong Scottish Parliament within the UK'.
Question - 1 of 5 Score - 0 of 0 How much has Paul Gascoigne been selling signed photos on eBay for? £10
£20
£100 Next question Thanks for taking part in this quiz You scored Replay quiz
“We have heard important statements in Glasgow on Friday by Ed Miliband and Scottish Labour Party leader Johann Lamont and in Aberdeen by the Prime Minister.
“I believe that tonight, having listened to what the pro-devolution parties are saying, we can give these guarantees, that lock in change that is better, faster, fairer and safer than anything the SNP can offer through independence.
“So let us lock in three guarantees that will deliver the best deal for a stronger Scottish Parliament
within the United Kingdom. The guarantees that we now have paved the way to the future – a great
Scotland as a driving, successful and vibrant nation playing its full part in Great Britain.
“I believe what I am saying locks in a period of constitutional improvement and progress in preference to the risk-laden and dangerous change offered from an irreversible separation from which there is no going back.”
Cameron backed the timetable for more powers in an emotional speech in Aberdeen yesterday .
They told more than 800 party members and activists that the UK is not a “perfect country” and pledged to change it.
The PM added: “The question is, how do you get that change?
“For me it's simple. You don't get the change you want by ripping your country apart. You don't get change by undermining your economy and damaging your businesses and diminishing your place in the world.”
Cameron said the plans outlined by the pro-UK parties amounted to “real, concrete” change.
They added: “The status quo is gone. This campaign has swept it away. There is no going back to the way things were. A vote for No means real change.
“We have spelled that change out in practical terms, with a plan and a process.
“If we get a No vote, that will trigger a major, unprecedented programme of devolution, with additional powers for the Scottish Parliament – major new powers over tax, spending and welfare services.
“We have agreed a timetable for that stronger Scottish Parliament – a timetable to bring in the new powers that will go ahead if there is a No vote. A White Paper by November, put into draft legislation by January.
“This is a timetable that is now agreed by all the main political parties and set in stone and I am prepared to work with all the main parties to deliver this during 2015.
“So a No vote means faster, fairer, safer and better change.”
Cameron seemed close to tears as they made a direct appeal to Scots to vote No. They admitted that many people might be tempted by a Yes vote just to get rid of their Government. But they warned Scots not to “mix up the temporary and the permanent”.
With their voice breaking, Cameron added: “Don't think, ‘I'm frustrated with politics right now, so I'll walk out the door and never come back'.
“If you don't like me, I won't be here forever. If you don't like this Government, it won't last forever. But if you leave the UK – that will be forever.
“The different parts of the UK don't always see eye-to-eye. Yes, we need change and we will deliver it.
“But to get that change, to get a brighter future, we don't need to tear our country apart.”
They asked Scots to consider what would provide the best future for them and their family when they cast their vote.
Cameron said: “As you stand in the stillness of the polling booth, I hope you will ask yourself this – will my family and I truly be better off by going it alone? Will we really be more safe and secure?
“‘Do I really want to turn my back on the rest of Britain and why is it that so many people across the world are asking, ‘Why would Scotland want to do that? Why?'
“And if you don't know the answer to these questions – then vote No.”
Promises
Guarantee One
❱❱ New powers for the Scottish Parliament.
❱❱ Holyrood will be strengthened with extensive new powers, on a timetable beginning on September 19, with legislation in 2015.
❱❱ The Scottish Parliament will be a permanent and irreversible part of the British constitution.
Guarantee Two
❱❱ The guarantee of fairness to Scotland.
❱❱ The guarantee that the modern purpose of the Union is to ensure opportunity and security by pooling and sharing our resources equitably for our defence, prosperity and the social and economic welfare of every citizen, including through UK pensions and UK funding of healthcare.
Guarantee Three
❱❱ The power to spend more on the NHS if that is Scottish people's will.
❱❱ The guarantee that with the continued Barnett allocation, based on need and with the power to raise its own funds, the final decisions on spending on public services in Scotland, including on the NHS, will be made by the Scottish Parliament.
❱❱ The Scottish Parliament will have the last word on how much is spent on health. It will have the power to keep the NHS in public hands and the capacity to protect it.
Sen. Francis Thompson's bid to rename the Louisiana School for Math, Science and the Arts in Natchitoches after their late friend Rep. Jimmy D. Long Sr., is scheduled to be considered by the House Education Committee on Wednesday in what could be a decisive moment for SB1
Thompson, a long-time state legislator from Delhi, says they merely "wants to give credit where credit is due" in renaming the school after Long, who died in an automobile accident in Natchitoches last year.
The 4,500-member LSMSA Alumni Association has been fighting Thompson's bill, saying the school's board of directors has already decided to honor Long by naming its new residential dormitory after the late legislator.
Acadiana graduates of the Natchitoches school, a state-funded school that attracts some of the state's top high school students for a rigorous, three-year academic program, have joined in the fight against the name change. Some will attend Wednesday's committee meeting , which is scheduled to convene at 9 a.m. in House Committee Room 1.
The dispute is not over honoring Long, whom all parties acknowledge was one of the school's founding fathers. The question is over how best to do so.
"For as long as I've been involved with the school, there were four men who were recognized as being essential to the existence of the school," according to 1995 LSMSA grad Justin Centanni. "They were Jimmy Long, Gov. Dave Treen, Sen. Don Kelly and our first executive director, Dr. Bob Alost, who left Northwestern to start the school."
Because state law prohibits naming structures after people who are still living, plans to honor the schools founders have had to wait until after they have died.
"After Gov. Treen died," Centanni told The Independent, "the school named the auditorium after him. After Mr. Long died, the plan became to name the new residence hall after him."
The LSMSA's governing board announced that decision with members of the Long family present at its December 2016 board meeting. Sen. Gerald Long, Jimmy Long's brother, thanked the board and said that they would ask their brother's long-time friend Sen. Thompson to handle the legislation needed to enable their brother to be honored by the school.
When Thompson filed SB1 on January 30, the bill was not to name the residence hall after their late friend but to rename the entire school after Long.
The school's Alumni Association conducted a poll of its members on the matter. With 42 percent of those polled responding, 74 percent opposed the name change while 82 percent favored naming the residence hall after Long.
Dawne Landry went from Jennings to LSMSA where they graduated in 1991. The Lafayette resident opposes the name change because it risks damaging the reputation the school has gained over the past 35 years in higher education circles.
"Changing the name might affect college applications of students there now and in future years," Landry says. "This is the number one school in the state. In the last school year, LSMSA students won more than $20 million in merit-based scholarships. Changing the name takes away name recognition and they could have an impact on the ability of future classes to earn those scholarships."
Landry says the LSMSA had a profound impact on their life.
"Coming from a rural home town, I didn't have the kinds of academic opportunities that were available to us at the Louisiana School," Landry explains. "If you change the name, you have to start over from square one rebuilding the school's repetitional value."
LSMSA alum Renae Broussard points out that adding Long's name to the school name would create another unanticipated problem.
"The Jimmy D. Long, Sr. Louisiana School for Math, Science and the Arts would not fit on digitized college applications," Broussard pointed out in an email. "That would force shortening, and potentially impact graduating seniors admission and scholarship opportunities by being unrecognizable."
Broussard believes that naming the new residence hall after Long is the best way to honor them because the experience of dormitory life is where the relationships created at the school are forged.
"While LSMSA provides a nationally ranked education, the dormitories are where our alumni family is formed," they wrote. "They are truly the heart of the school."
Broussard points out that LSMSA alumni regularly return to the school to participate in sweat equity activities at the school.
"This bond, this overwhelming love for the school and the unbelievable alumni camaraderie that spans generations, was forged in the dormitories," Broussard continued. "I believe that it is a significantly more fitting honor to name the new dorm after Rep. Long, and I believe they would agree with me."
Ashley Martin agrees.
The 1991 LSMSA grad described the intensity of student life at LSMSA as life-changing.
"It's an intense experience that really shapes you," Martin said in a telephone interview. "You live together for two years and strong bonds are created. You become like a band of brothers." (LSMSA now has three years of classes on its campus. )
"What you're exposed to at this school is just phenomenal," Martin explains. "You can't get that anywhere else in this state."
Martin says they hope their children are able to attend LSMSA.
Martin has been contacting other alumni to encourage them to contact their local legislators to express their opposition to SB1. She's also written letters to members of the House Education Committee and to area legislators explaining their reasons for opposing SB1.
Landry says they plan to attend the hearing tomorrow morning, along with alumni from Acadiana and across the state.
"The vision of the school and our founding fathers is kept alive through the students," Landry says. "Don't take that away from the students and the state of Louisiana."
Sen. Thompson has declared their intention to amend their bill in order to try to make it more palatable to the school's alumni, but they still intend to rename the school after their friend. They will introduce the changes in the Education Committee tomorrow. If the amendments are approved and the bill advances to the House floor, the bill will have to return to the Senate for concurrence with the House-approved amendments.
The calendar is not Thompson's ally here, although the House might hold sessions over the weekend, which could buy them more time to let the bill work its way through the procedural process.
If the bill is defeated in committee tomorrow it is dead for the session.
Photo: allafrica.com
Britain's Foreign Affairs Minister Boris Johnson and the late leader of Libya, Muammar Gaddafi.
The invasion of Libya by the U.S., Britain and France has left Libya a breeding ground for terrorists. The country is in chaos and peace has been elusive. British Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Boris Johnson in an interview with BBC Radio 4's Today programme said the removal of Col. Muammar Gaddafi from power has been a tragedy for Libyans.
The British Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Boris Johnson in an interview with BBC Radio 4's Today programme said the removal of Col. Muammar Gaddafi from power has been a tragedy for Libyans. This statement is however not surprising especially to critics of the foreign intervention in the Libyan crisis. Johnson told the BBC "we were way over-optimistic about Libya's future"
Just last year, former U.S. President Barack Obama, while answering questions on their time in office, said invading Libya was their worst mistake. The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) under the name Operation Unified Protector through the approval of the United Nations (UN) Security Council went ahead to enforce an arms embargo, freezing of Libyan assets, ban on travel for key Libyan leaders amongst other measures.
On March 19, the U.S., U.K. and France invaded Libya with missile attacks on Libyan government forces. The NATO invervention was ostensibly to implement United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973. On the day, the then British Prime Minister David Cameron ordered British forces into action against Libya in "Operation Ellamy". The attacks were said to be with the aim of protecting civilians from war crimes, ethnic cleansing and genocide. Questions continue to be raised why cases such as Rwanda during the conflict which resulted in the genocide and the Central African Republic were not treated with such expedience.
It's been six years since western powers invaded Libya with the hope of enforcing a democracy on the country. Libya is in more crisis than it was; currently it's experiencing a protracted conflict with no end in sights. Despite the failure to restore order and security, Western powers and the UN have not stopped from politicking around the dire situation prevailing in the country.
Libya has become a home and breeding ground for Islamic fundamentalists and terrorists. It is a revised version of Somalia, different context, but with the similar state of insecurity. In their visit, Johnson pledged £9 million to help tackle issues of terrorism and kidnapping in the country. Britain played a foremost role alongside other nations in tearing Libya apart, ignoring the African Union solution to the Libyan crisis which involved dialogue. Britain has been reported to have operated an "open door" policy that allowed British-Libyans to join the rebel force that fought against Col. Gaddafi.
Europe has been facing a series of terrorist attacks and the chaos in Libya is not too far a reason for this. As is common with most Western nations, Britain is yet to fully acknowledge its disastrous role in Libya. Johnson was in Libya for a two day visit where they spoke with Field Marshal Khalifa Haftar, who controls eastern Libya. This visit comes after French President Emmanuel Macron met with the Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj and Khalifa Haftar in Paris a month ago.
The contradiction, where countries that brought war to Libya seek to restore its peace is a big testimony on how foreign intervention on issues of governance in Africa should be handled by the AU, a body with a much deeper understanding of the region, political and moral legitimacy to deal with continental disputes.
Johnson further said, "There's been a complete breakdown of government authority - Libya is not in a state of civil war - it would be more accurate to describe it as in a state of anarchy. There is no government authority who runs the country and there are large parts of it where there is no government at all."
According to a report by The Canary, "the last decade and a half have shown, it is not unusual for western governments to use military action as a first resort, rather than last."
The western media painted the image of "Western nations saving the Libyan people from Col Gaddafi's crackdown." The demonization of African leaders has continued, with Rwanda's Paul Kagame as the focus now. A report released last year September by the British parliament stated that ". . . was not informed by accurate intelligence. . . the Government failed to identify that the threat to civilians was overstated and that the rebels included a significant Islamist element."
The attack on Libya by the western forces was a crime and this makes their leaders, including the former British Prime Minister David Cameron, as labelled by media watchdog Media Lens, a war criminal.
Without any lasting solution in place, Libya serves as a memory of what Western forces can do to an African nation, and get away with their crimes without facing any legal consequences.
The Brock Star strikes again.
Brock Holt hit for the cycle Tuesday at Fenway Park, going 4 for 5 with two RBIs and two runs scored in the Boston Red Sox's 9-4 win over the Atlanta Braves. It's been a while since any Red Sox hit for the cycle, even though it was the 21st in franchise history.
Brock Holt is the first Red Sox to hit for the cycle since John Valentin on 6/6/96 against the White Sox. —
Jon Shestakofsky (@Shesta_Sox) June 16, 2015
Holt batted leadoff and played second base in place of Dustin Pedroia, who received a day off to rest a sore knee. Holt led off the game with a double in the first inning and scored the game's first run on Mookie Betts' two-bagger. Holt then hit a single in the fifth inning, a solo home run in the seventh and a triple in the eighth.
Check out videos of Holt's historic accomplishment below. Your browser does not support iframes.
“As soon as barrel hit ball, I was like ‘Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God,' because once it gets in the triangle, anything is possible,” Holt said, via WEEI.com.
Thumbnail photo via Twitter/@MLB
New Delhi: BJP on Tuesday took on Sonia Gandhi over their barbs at Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying they were targeting them to hide their failures, and likened their praise for Rahul Gandhi over their stir against land ordinance with the case of a mother patting their son's back for "usurping" farmers' land, a reference to the recent Amethi land row.
Seeking to turn the tables on Congress over its president's 'hawabaazi' (empty talk) barb at Modi, Irani said the real 'hawabaazi' would be Rahul Gandhi declaring themselves to be a messiah of farmers as they attacked the Congress vice president over the Amethi land row.
"While guiding them decimated party, Sonia Gandhi today took the help of Modi's name to hide the failures of their policies. They said nothing is happening on the ground. It is laughable that those who emptied the country's treasury are attacking somebody who has been able to bring development on the ground," Union Minister Smriti Irani said while referring to alleged scams under the UPA rule.
Asked about reports that Congress was going slow on anointing Rahul Gandhi as its president, they told a press conference that Rahul mattered little for BJP and claimed that they had been able to reduce their victory margin in a big way in Amethi with only 20 days of campaigning.
"Why is Congress not willing to make them its president is a question for it to answer, not BJP," they said.
The Congress president had today attacked Modi, saying they have been "reduced to unedifying flip flops" and most of their poll promises were nothing more than "hawabaazi" (empty talk).
Responding to the attack on the prime minister, Irani said it was Congress which did "hawabaazi" for 40 years on the issue of One Rank One Pension while Modi had fulfilled that promise in 18 months.
The HRD minister also raked up the Amethi land row to counter Sonia Gandhi's dig at the Modi government over its U-turn on the land ordinance following sustained protests from Congress.
The leaders of Congress who claim to be sympathetic to farmers have "maintained" silence on their vice president "usurping" the land of farmers in their constituency in the name of giving them jobs, charged Irani.
Pitted by BJP against Rahul in the Congress pocket borough of Amethi in the Lok Sabha elections, Irani put up a spirited fight but lost.
Meanwhile, asked about the Pakistan army chief's comments targeting India, they said India had won every time that the neighbouring country had forced a war on it.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
LIMITED EDITION! FESTIVAL SUPREME 'DETHKLOK' Doomstar Tees!
$14.99 $22.00 Mens / S - $14.99 Mens / M - $14.99 Mens / L - $14.99 Mens / XL - $14.99 Mens / XXL - $14.99 Mens / XXXL - $14.99 Womens / S - $14.99 Womens / M - $14.99 Womens / L - $14.99 Womens / XL - $14.99 Womens / XXL - $14.99 Style Mens Womens Size S M L XL OUT XXL OUT XXXL QUANTITY
Fresh from the Tenacious D-helmed comedy/music extravaganza FESTIVAL SUPREME! A specially-made tee for this year's festival headliner, DETHKLOK!
Printed on American Apparel black-as-death cotton tees with a logo as white as Doctor Rockzo's very best cocaine!
When these tees are gone, they're GONE.
GETS THEMS NOW!!!
> Men's Size Chart
> Women's Size Chart
Image copyright BBC / PA Image caption The Rainbow Cafe in Cambridge is refusing to accept the new £5 note because the polymer in the banknote contains a type of animal fat
A vegetarian cafe's decision to refuse the new £5 note sparked a vigorous and sometimes heated debate - and underlined how difficult it is to be a committed vegan in a world awash with animal products.
From going out for a beer to washing your hair or choosing a new car, countless aspects of vegan life involve making a choice about how far principles should trump practicality.
As the row over the new fiver demonstrates - the banknotes had already been in circulation for weeks before it emerged they contained traces of animal fat - living a life entirely free of even the merest animal traces is far from straightforward.
As the Vegan Society states: "To live as a vegan in a non-vegan world takes both courage and curiosity." So just how difficult is it?
Image copyright Sam East Image caption Sam East runs a business selling vegan and spiritual jewellery
Sam East, 44, has been a vegan for 25 years.
They believe people can "only do the best they can" when it comes to avoiding traces of animals in what they eat, or what they use - and they say they will be using the new £5 notes.
"I am not happy about the money but we are foolish as vegans to think this is the only thing that has got past us," they said.
"It's about choice and control - what can I do if it's out of my control?
"Processing film used to use gelatine, so vegans would have unknowingly been doing that for years when they got their photos printed.
"Because we didn't know that, does it make us any less vegan?"
Cambridge cafe controversy
Nestled in an alleyway directly opposite King's College Cambridge, the Rainbow Cafe has long been known as one of the city's veggie and vegan hotspots.
Its owner's choice to stop accepting new £5 note, because the polymer contains a type of animal fat, has catapulted the cafe into the centre of a public debate.
Comments flew back and forth on social media, with one Facebook user posting: "So reject all customers wearing leather shoes, jackets, woolly jumpers & hats etc & go bankrupt!
"Unbelievable that yet again an insane minority is dictating to a sane majority!"
The cafe's owner, Sharon Meijland, said they had simply been making a stand, and had been left "shocked and frightened" at some of the "hatred" they had received online.
Earlier this year, hundreds of thousands of people read a BBC News story about fish swim bladders.
Not a topic regularly on the news agenda, granted - but the story was also about beer, and the gelatine made from fish swim bladders that is widely used to make the drink clear, bright and more attractive.
Certain beers are already approved by the Vegetarian Society, and the Campaign for Real Ale called on other brewers to look for vegetarian and vegan-friendly alternatives.
But brewers are far from the only producers to use animals as part of the manufacturing process.
Winemakers also often use animal products, including gelatine or milk protein, to remove impurities.
Like the new £5 notes, soap, candles, lipstick, crayons and plastic bags can all contain tallow.
Image copyright PA Image caption Brewers often use isinglass, made from the swim bladders of fish, to make beer clearer and purer
Avoiding animal products becomes particularly difficult if you want to buy a car, where they are widely used in all manner of components.
"There's a kind of Bentley that uses 14 individual cow hides," said motoring journalist Ryan McElroy from Car Keys.com.
They wrote an article on which car to buy if you are a vegan after realising there was very little information available.
"Every single vehicle on the road has animal products in - you can't avoid it," they told the BBC.
"Tallow is used to toughen tyres and tubing, steel is coated with lubricants made from animal products, and leather often features heavily in interiors.
"It definitely surprised me, the extent to which things aren't vegan-friendly."
Mr McElroy said Tesla was one company offering an alternative, as it had started manufacturing vegan-friendly models, and an imitation suede product had increased in popularity.
"Paul McCartney got a Lexus kitted out with Alcantara, the faux suede, which is approved by Peta," they said.
"But apparently they were a bit miffed about the carbon footprint when they flew it out to them instead of shipping it."
Image copyright PA Image caption Leather is often used to upholster the interior of cars
For many, choosing to avoid animal products is a way of life, and being forced to use a banknote containing tallow is simply unacceptable.
Damian Eade, co-owner of Havant-based ethical vegetarian company Vegeco Ltd, believes the notes contravene the Equalities Act 2010.
"We would never choose to carry products made from animal fat in our pockets. That is being imposed upon us by the Bank of England," they wrote in a letter to the UK's central bank.
They suggest there is a case for indirect discrimination against a religion or belief, saying "a failure to immediately remove the animal fat from new notes and withdraw old ones would be a failure to make 'reasonable adjustment' towards millions of vegetarians, vegans, Hindus, Jains, Buddhists, etc."
Mr Eade said making a legal case would present the hard facts and "take the emotion" out of the argument.
It has been calculated that the total amount of tallow contained in all the new banknotes equates to just over half a cow - but Mr Eade says that to argue there is "just a trace" of animal fat in each plastic fiver "misses the point completely".
"Most people wouldn't feel it appropriate if a restaurant claimed there was only 'trace' of the chef's urine in the soup - or that a trace of child labour in your cheap clothes is not worth worrying about," they said.
Image copyright Vegeco Ltd Image caption Damian Eade has put forward an argument under the Equalities Act 2010 to the Bank of England
But Ms East, who runs a business selling vegan and spiritual jewellery and crafts, said they believed there were more important issues to deal with than the £5 note.
"You can say you're vegan, but if you buy non-organic fruit, it'll be covered in wax sometimes," they said.
"We have to make choices on a daily basis - a holiday cottage I went to this year had a leather sofa in, and I chose to sit on it instead of the floor.
"Nobody can lead this perfect lifestyle. You can only do the best you can, and no-one's going to judge you.
"If you're on a desert island and the only thing you can survive on is meat, what would you do? While I have a choice, I choose the vegan path, but self-preservation always comes through first."
An update to this story was published on Monday morning at the link below.
This story has been updated to add comments from Hampden District Attorney Anthony Gulluni.
CHICOPEE - A 15-year-old boy shot in the abdomen Saturday has died and a 42-year-old homeowner has been arrested in their death.
Jeffery Lovell, 42, 120 Boucher Circle, has been charged with murder.  They are being held in the Chicopee Police Department jail without right to bail, Michael Wilk, public information officer for the Chicopee Police Department, said.
Lovell is being accused of shooting the teenager through the door of their house at about 12:56 p.m., Saturday.
Police initially received a call of a breaking and entering into the home in the Fairview section of the city. When they arrived, they found the teenager on the ground suffering from a gunshot wound to their abdomen, Wilk said.
"It was determined that three parties went to the residence believing it to be (the home of) a friend. One party, the victim, was banging on the outside door, when the homeowner shot through the door, striking the male," Wilk said.
Investigators found the victim and a friend were drinking alcohol at a nearby home. The two friends were confused while walking in the neighborhood and believed they had arrived at the home of another friend, said James Leydon, spokesperson for Hampden District Attorney Anthony Gulluni, said.
Lovell, the homeowner, tried to communicate with the victim, who was still knocking on the locked door, Leydon said.
"When a pane of glass broke, the suspect fired a single shot, striking the victim," Leydon said.
When Chicopee Police arrived they immediately started providing emergency medical care and the 15-year-old was rushed to Baystate Medical Center in Springfield, where they were treated but died later, Wilk said.
The teenager's name has not been released until all their family can be notified, Wilk said.
"This was a tragic and avoidable incident that resulted in a young man losing their lives. My sympathy and thoughts are with the victim's family and their friends," Gulluni said.
"We offer our condolences and sympathies to the family," Wilk
said.
Chicopee Police detectives are working with the Massachusetts State Police CPAC unit assigned to Hampden District Attorney Anthony Gulluni's Office to investigate the case, Wilk said.
Gulluni thanked the State Police assigned to their office, the Chief of the Office's Homicide Unit and Assistant District Attorney Eduardo Velazquez for their work on the investigation.
Lovell will be arraigned in Chicopee District Court on Monday.
On their Facebook page, Lovell has a picture of them aiming a gun as the main picture. They also have posted several things supporting the Second Amendment.
The char Type in Java is Broken
If I may be so brash, it is my opinion that the char type in Java is broken and should be avoided. It's not suitable for modern needs, makes debugging a nightmare and should be retired. char is for representing characters (e.g. ‘a', ‘b', ‘c') and has been supported in Java since it was released about 20 years ago. When Java first came out, the world was a simpler place. Windows 95 was the latest, greatest operating system, world's first flip phone was just put on sale, and Unicode had less than 40,000 characters, all of which fit perfectly into the 16-bit space that char provides. But things have changed drastically. Unicode has outgrown the 16-bit space and now requires 21 bits for all of its 120,737 characters.
Java has supported Unicode since its first release and strings are internally represented using UTF-16 encoding. UTF-16 is a variable length encoding scheme. For characters that can fit into the 16 bits space, it uses 2 bytes to represent them. For all other characters, it uses 4 bytes. This is great. All possible Unicode characters in existence plus a lot more (1 million more) could be represented using UTF-16 and thus as Strings in Java.
But char is a different story altogether. Let's look at its definition from the official source:
char: The char data type is a single 16-bit Unicode character. It has a minimum value of ‘\u0000' (or 0) and a maximum value of ‘\uffff' (or 65,535 inclusive).
“16-bit Unicode character”? I guess Joel was right:
Some people are under the misconception that Unicode is simply a 16-bit code where each character takes 16 bits and therefore there are 65,536 possible characters. This is not, actually, correct. It is the single most common myth about Unicode, so if you thought that, don't feel bad.
There is no such thing as “16-bit Unicode character”. Please read Joel's article if you don't understand the last statement.
char uses 16 bits to store Unicode characters that fall in the 0 - 65,535 which isn't enough to store all Unicode characters anymore. You might think: Gee, 65,535 is plenty already. I'll never use that many. That's true. But your users will. And when they send you a character that requires more than 16 bits, like these emojis 👦👩, the char methods like someString.charAt(0) or someString.substring(0,1) will break and give you only half the code point. And the worst part is that the compiler won't even complain. Recently, a fellow developer told me that their “North American users” started complaining that the chat nicknames and messages “aren't displaying properly”. After a lot of grief, they found the issue and had to undo all char manipulation in their software to handle emojis and other cool characters. (Use codePointAt(index) instead which returns an int that will fit all Unicode characters in existence.)
I have heard people say things like: “if internationalization isn't a concern, you'd probably be fine using char ” or “don't worry about it unless your program is going to be released in China or Japan”. This statement is wrong on two levels. First, at least I rarely come across applications where internationalization isn't a concern anymore. Second, emojis characters are supported by all popular applications these days. Unicode isn't just about internationalization anymore.
The char data type is broken. It might work for small or test applications, but if you start depending on it for string and character manipulation, it will disappoint. The application will ‘break' silently and your users will see garbled text. May be, a UTF-16 character type from Oracle is the answer. Or at least a runtime exception when compiler detects that something bad is about to happen in the interim. Until then, we should probably avoid the char type. Even its official JavaDocs don't sound all that convincing:
The char data type (and therefore the value that a Character object encapsulates) are based on the original Unicode specification, which defined characters as fixed-width 16-bit entities. The Unicode Standard has since been changed to allow for characters whose representation requires more than 16 bits. The range of legal code points is now U+0000 to U+10FFFF, known as Unicode scalar value. (Refer to the definition of the U+n notation in the Unicode Standard.)
This article was written by Umer Mansoor. Please leave your comments below and like on Facebook or follow-on Twitter to stay up-to-date.
A new round of Kustom 9 opens up on the 15th and there's so much cute and pastel-y stuff to be had! Like these adorable ruffly platforms from The Sugar Garden, which are available in a bunch of different colours and even include the little bat-wing and colour-change HUD. Cocoroni's gacha this round has these super fun dinosaur hats which you can win, they're just too funny I couldn't resist wearing one! Also Le primitif has made some sweet ‘bashful bear' phones which look surprisingly realistic and are available to win in a lot of different colours and designs.
You better be quick if you want this pretty hair by DUE though because it's exclusive to the Cutie Moon fair right now and it closes tomorrow! So this is your last chance to visit an adorable sim and get some really cool Sailor Moon inspired goodies before you have to wait for them to come back to their respective mainstores. So why are you still here? Go shop!
*X*
Location: Inaka
Advertisements
Ahem detector with deep learning How a neural network cleans podcast episodes
Do you know why you can't hear the ugly ahem sounds on the podcast Data Science at Home?
Because we remove them. Actually not us. A neural network does.
Let me introduce the ahem detector, a deep convolutional neural network that is trained on transformed audio signals to recognize “ahem” sounds. The network has been trained to detect such signals on the episodes of Data Science at Home, the podcast about data science at worldofpiggy.com/podcast
Project description
Slides and technical details are provided provided here.
Before getting to the details, a few concepts should be clarified.
Two sets of audio files are required, very similarly to a cohort study:
a negative sample with clean voice/sound and
a positive one with “ahem” sounds concatenated
While the detector works for the asupervisorstioned audio files, it can be generalized to any other audio input, provided enough data are available. The minimum required is ~10 seconds for the positive samples and ~3 minutes for the negative cohort. The network will adapt to the training data and can perform detection on different spoken voice.
How do I get set up?
Once the training audio files are provided, just load the training set and train the network with the code in the ipython notebook. Make sure to create the local folder that has been hardcoded in the script files below. Build training/testing set before running the script. Execute first
% python make_data_class_0.py % python make_data_class_1.py
A GPU is recommended as, under the conditions specific to this example at least 5 epochs are required to obtain ~81% accuracy.
How do I clean a new dirty audio file?
A new audio file must be trasformed in the same way of training files. This can be done with
% python make_data_newsample.py
Then follow the script in the ipython notebook that is commented enough to proceed without particular issues. The whole project is on github
Enjoy!
Before you go
If you enjoyed this post, you will love the newsletter of Data Science at Home. It's my FREE digest of the best content in Artificial Intelligence, data science, predictive analytics and computer science. Subscribe!
I can't share details yet, but within the next couple of weeks I should be able to. We're working on something much bigger for the game than "just" the complete art revamp, as it turns out. This is something I've been thinking about for a while, but couldn't figure out how to work out. Now we've figured it out, and we're working on a lengthy design doc to make sure all our ducks are in a row so that we can hit the ground running on implementation with this.
Anyway, I know this is cryptic and largely unhelpful, but I just wanted you to know that there is an enormous amount going on with the game at the moment. I'm going to stop doing the weekly spells at the moment, and largely the other bugs that have been reported lately are really slight. So we're throwing ourselves mainly into this new stuff for the moment when it comes to this game, while also of course working on AI War and Shattered Haven.
I think everyone here will be pleased with what we're working on, it's just not quite the time to reveal it yet!
Yūhei Murota, the character designer of Love Live! School idol project, revealed on their Twitter account on March 10 that they had gotten married last month. While their wife's identity is unknown, they explained that they chose that day to spread the word because it was their new wife's birthday. "I'll do my best [to foster] a happy household and job!" they tweeted.
Murota, who is 31, originally intended to study industrial design, but instead opted to become an animator and character designer. They mostly work for Sunrise Studio 8. Although Love Live! is their sole character design credit, they were worked as a key animator on a wide range of anime, including Tiger & Bunny, Attack on Titan, Fairy Tail and Gintama. They also appeared on the radio show "Eriko Matsui/Fumiko Uchimura: My Love Story" twice in December as a guest.
[Via Yaraon!; Images from Naver Matome]
One of the best ways to learn any craft is to dissect the work of other successful craftsman.
So, for those of you aspiring colorists who've already got a good grasp on the technical aspects of the craft, but who are looking for ideas of how to apply a grade, the following videos should prove useful.
These come from IWLTBAP, a company that sells a pretty nifty pack of LUTs. Each video breaks down a single static shot from a famous film. It's worth noting that these are just approximations of the steps the original colorists might have taken, but nonetheless, they're extremely helpful for someone wondering what kind of steps go into a polished grade. So without any further ado, here are the videos.
Melancholia
Midnight In Paris
Fury
Gone Girl
Spectre
If you're interested in checking out a few more of these breakdown videos, the IWLTBAP Vimeo page has quite a few more, in addition to several grading and Resolve tutorials.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 27, 2017, 3:11 AM GMT / Updated May 27, 2017, 4:18 PM GMT By Associated Press and Phil Helsel
Zbigniew Brzezinski, national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter, died Friday at the age of 89, their daughter said.
Mika Brzezinski, co-host of MSNBC's "Morning Joe," announced the death on social media Friday night.
"He was known to their friends as Zbig, to their grandchildren as Chief and to their wife as the enduring love of their life," they said in a post on Instagram.
Former National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski, right, testifies before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee during a hearing July 9, 2014 in Washington. Win McNamee / Getty Images
Brzezinski helped topple economic barriers between the Soviet Union, China and the West. And they helped Carter bridge wide gaps between the rigid Egyptian and Israeli leaders, Anwar Sadat and Menachem Begin, leading to the Camp David accords.
President Carter and their wife Rosalynn expressed their condolences Friday. Carter called Brzezinski "an important part of our lives for more than four decades" and "a superb public servant."
"He played an essential role in all the key foreign policy events of my administration, including normalization of relations with China, signing of the SALT II treaty, brokering the Camp David Accords, and the Panama Canal treaties, among others," Carter said. "He was brilliant, dedicated, and loyal, and remained a close advisor to my work at The Carter Center. I will miss him."
In a joint statement, former President George H.W. Bush and former National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft called Brzezinski a "great American" and "good friend."
"Widely respected as a scholar and a practitioner, their command of foreign affairs made them both an instrumental architect of key policies — and an influential voice in key policy debates," they said.
Born in Warsaw and educated in Canada and the United States, Brzezinski was an acknowledged expert in Communism when they attracted the attention of U.S. policymakers. In the 1960s they were an adviser to John F. Kennedy and served in the Johnson administration.
In December 1976, Carter offered Brzezinski the position of national security adviser. They had not wanted to be secretary of state because they felt they could be more effective working at Carter's side in the White House.
Brzezinski often found themselves in clashes with colleagues like Secretary of State Cyrus Vance. For the White House, the differences between Vance and Brzezinski became a major headache, confusing the American public about the administration's policy course and fueling a decline in confidence that Carter could keep their foreign policy team working in tandem.
The Iranian hostage crisis, which began in 1979, came to dramatize America's waning global power and influence and to symbolize the failures and frustrations of the Carter administration. Brzezinski, during the early months of 1980, became convinced that negotiations to free the kidnapped Americans were going nowhere. Supported by the Pentagon, they began to push for military action.
Carter was desperate to end the standoff and, over Vance's objections, agreed to a long-shot plan to rescue the hostages. The mission, dubbed Desert One, was a complete military and political humiliation and precipitated Vance's resignation. Carter lost their re-election bid against Ronald Reagan that November.
Brzezinski helped Carter bridge wide gaps between the rigid Egyptian and Israeli leaders, Anwar Sadat and Menachem Begin, leading to the Camp David accords.
Former National Security Advisors Zbigniew Brzezinski (L) and Henry Kissinger (R) speak at the Nobel Peace Prize Forum on December 11, 2016 in Oslo. File Terje Bendiksby / AFP - Getty Images
Brzezinski was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1981 by Carter for their work on normalizing relations between the United States and China, and for their work advancing human rights.
In presenting the award Carter called Brzezinski's leadership "instrumental in building peace and ending the estrangement of the Chinese and American people."
In recent years, Brzezinski took part in proceedings designed to bring the former Soviet republics into the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
Mika Brzezinski on Instagram called them "the most inspiring, loving and devoted father any girl could ever have."
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Plans were unveiled today for a major cycle route linking Swiss Cottage to Canary Wharf and Barking that will include Danish-style segregated lanes in Camden Town.
It copies a design pioneered in Copenhagen, one of the world's most bike-friendly cities, that builds the cycle lane higher than the road but lower than the pavement to keep cyclists, pedestrians and vehicles separate.
Camden council has proposed the layout for Delancey Street and Pratt Street, currently the “missing link” in the route via Swiss Cottage and Regent's Park to King's Cross, where riders will be able to connect to Transport for London's new north-south King's Cross to Elephant and Castle cycle superhighway and a number of other protected routes.
Andrew Gilligan, the Mayor of London's cycling commissioner, said: “This outstanding scheme will break one of north London's main barriers to cycling.
“Once the links are complete, cyclists will be able to ride from Swiss Cottage and Camden Town to Canary Wharf, Barking or Elephant & Castle entirely on separated cycle tracks or low-traffic streets. It's testimony to the power of the relationship between TfL and a borough genuinely committed to cycling.”
The route through Delancey Street and Pratt Street will create a contraflow for cyclists on 2m-wide tracks and better crossings for pedestrians. This will link to Camden's widely-praised cycle lane in Royal College Street, and a new route in Pancras Road. The work is part of the Mayor's central London cycling grid.
Phil Jones, Camden's cabinet member for transport, said: “These new plans are for some of best cycling facilities that London has seen and will open up a network of safe and attractive routes for the growing number of cyclists who want to cycle through Camden.
“Camden already has some safe and attractive cycle routes and by the end of 2015, we are on track to have doubled the amount of segregated cycle lanes in the past two years.
“By the end of 2016 we plan to have over 10km of new and improved segregated cycle lanes in the borough linking many of our town centres to each other and to the West End and City.”
About
Hello, we are DAPshow, a small indie webcomic host and printing gig. DAP has published a few comic books before, such as Physicist Roundtable, the Gothology series, and Cat Odes. Last year, we made a zine called Sweet Treats, which turned out great! Not wanting to lose that momentum, we want to make a companion zine - Sweet Meats.
Sweet Treats is a 6x9 inch zine with 48 full color pages, by 24 different artists. It includes comics, illustrations, and even a recipe or two, all under the title theme. It's cute, funny, a little morbid, and definitely sweet. If you'd like a taste of our last zine, you can see some preview images in this blog post.
by Jackie Lo
Sweet Meats is designed to be something very similar. We're shooting for the same size, with more comics, illustrations and recipes from some returning artists, and a bunch of new ones, under the new theme of meat! Also like the last book, Sweet Meats will only cost $5 per physical copy. We will also be sharing pages throughout the campaign, so keep an eye out on our updates!
by Layeyes
The Artists
The Goods
Along with the PDF and physical books, we can also offer copies of Sweet Treats in case you missed out on it! In addition, we'd like to print some cute stickers of our meaty mascots as an incentive. Prices shown do not include shipping.
Stretch Goals
Should we meet our initial goal, we will discuss stretch goals. Before that though, we want all of our focus on the actual books.
Printing
We plan to use the same printer we used for Sweet Treats, Print Ninja! The books came out very nice, and the pricing allowed us to sell them at a very reasonable price.
Thanks for the support everyone!
A GANG WHO flew Lithuanian brides into the UK as part of an immigration scam were sentenced at Croydon Crown Court in London today.
Ringleaders Lina Kezelyte, 33, and Mohemmed Jemaldeen, 33, ‘match-made' the brides with their grooms, who were men from south Asian and west African countries who had tried and failed to get visas to remain in the UK by other means.
By paying the gang to arrange for them to marry women from Lithuania, an EU nation, they could claim residency in the UK.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said the gang saw 26 Lithuanian brides wed to grooms from Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Nigeria and Nepal, making an estimated £315,000 (about €360,000).
In a statement, the CPS said Valentina Kezeliene, 53, the mother of Lina Kezelyte, laundered money and booked flights. Three others helped move money and attended the fake weddings.
Swapping roles at weddings
The scam ended in October 2013 when a wedding ceremony was interrupted by immigration officers.
The bride and groom were arrested and subsequently charged and convicted. One of the guests, Beata Jarmolovic, aged 28, had a camera containing photos of six separate weddings but with brides and bridesmaids swapping roles.
The sentences include:
Lina Kezelyte, 33, conspiracy to assist unlawful immigration – four and a half years
Mohemmed Jemaldeen, 33, was tried and sentenced in their absence for conspiracy to assist unlawful immigration – four years
Valentina Kezeliene, 53, conspiracy to assist unlawful immigration – two and a half years
Ruta Sperskaite, 25, conspiracy to assist unlawful immigration – two years suspended for two years, plus 200 hours unpaid work
Renato Semasko, 53, convert criminal proceeds – 18 months suspended for 18 months, plus 200 hours unpaid work
Beata Jarmolovic, 28, conspiracy to assist unlawful immigration – Sentencing will take place on Monday
Robert Hutchinson, a CPS London reviewing lawyer, said: “This gang made large amounts of money conducting sham marriages as part of an immigration scam involving flying Lithuanian women to the UK.
The prosecution case involved looking at suspicious bank transfers, hundreds of flight bookings made for Lithuanian women and forensic analysis of a seized laptop containing crib sheets of questions likely to be asked in immigration interviews.
“We showed that the claim made by Lina Kezelyte that this was a legitimate international dating agency did not stand up to scrutiny. This case shows that anyone who tries to circumvent UK immigration law in this way will face prosecution with a strong case put before the court,” Hutchinson said.
Comments are closed as legal proceedings are ongoing.
My name is Jonathan Taylor. I am the founder of the website A Voice for Male Students and a former instructor of first-year student composition and argumentation at Texas A&M University-Commerce. I'd like to thank Mr. Jacobson for inviting me to submit a guest post about my website, why I launched it, and what it aims to address.
AVFMS is part of an emerging presence of voices advocating fair treatment for men and boys. Some call us Men's Rights Activists, or Men's Human Rights Activists. I don't claim to speak for all or most of them, however. Only myself. The motto of AVFMS is educational equity for men and boys. I started up the website and its adjoining Facebookpage and YouTube channel because men and boys are suffering in a wide variety of areas in our educational institutions, and because those issues are plagued not only with a lack of awareness, but also deliberate and systemic neglect.
I divide the issues into three main areas: educational attainment and well-being, the culture of our academic institutions and society at large, and rights and protections. If you would like a thorough list of those issues, I invite you to peruse the Summary of Issues pages on the AVFMS website as well as the blog entries. I will also address the issues in brief below.
Educational Attainment and Well-being
Academic achievement among men and boys has nosedived over the past forty years. They now earn nearly half as many associate's and master's degrees as women and 40% of all bachelor's degrees, as you can see here:
In lower education, boys are 75% of students labeled with learning disorders, are twice as likely to be diagnosed with ADHD, and 2.8 times more likely to be medicated for it. While we have been hearing nonstop about women in STEM for decades, what the diversity experts never tell us about is the literacy gap. The Educational Testing Service, for example, has documented that the gender gap in writing concepts that favors girls is now six times the gap favoring boys in math concepts [1].
Male students are also much more socially isolated and marginalized, being much less likely to participate in student or academic groups. And while men and boys commit 80% of suicides, this rate spikes between the ages of 15-24 – among young high school and college men.
While education reform groups have addressed the school-to-prison pipeline – the phenomenon of schools increasingly funneling students to prison rather than success – they have virtually always framed it as a race issue, neglecting the fact that men and boys are twice as likely as girls to be suspended, three times as likely to be expelled, are 66% of dropouts, and make up 93% of the prison population.
Culture (Sexism, Misandry, and so Forth)
Those who study the data on boys in education know that male educational underachievement is not a new phenomenon. The only thing that is new is the willingness of a principled few to talk about it. This then begs the question: why have these issues been ignored for so long, especially when we are decades deep into an academic culture that prides itself on closing the gaps?
The reality, as many of you likely know, is that much of the culture of academia has been perverted far from values like equity, diversity, and so forth – values it claims to promote, but no longer believes in. Instead, many of them now live in a world where equality means discrimination, gender sensitivity means vindictiveness and class hatred, and tolerance of diversity means celebrating and protecting only the speech of those who hold similar perspectives.
In the context of sex, this most often manifests itself in the form of misandry, prejudice and hatred toward men and boys as a group (see here for a thorough introduction to this phenomenon). Men's advocates like myself find that this phenomenon is both permissive and pervasive in the culture of our educational institutions, especially in certain humanities and administrative departments, and most often manifests itself in the idea that men and boys as a group deserve some kind of “payback” for how one-sided the world supposedly once was and still is.
Examples of these are virtually endless. TIME magazine gives us an example: assistant dean of students Catherine Comins once claimed that male students deserve to be falsely accused of rape because it helps them empathize with rape victims. As the Toledo Blade reported, at Oberlin College a Feminist student group pulled a male first-year student student's name at random from the campus registry and put their name on a flyer reading “Rapist of the Month,” which they distributed throughout campus. The University of New Hampshire's student newspaper features an article by a Feminist who goes through an elaborate process to “prove” to the campus community how, in their words, “there is no such thing as a good guy in the patriarchy.”
Oftentimes, this phenomenon is referred to as political “correctness,” or Feminism. But I think calling it “correct” – even jokingly – gives it too much credit. Therefore, I prefer to call it what it is: sexism. Misandry. Hatred. Bigotry. In my experience, people will naturally make the connections for themselves.
Rights and Protections
Along with the institutionalization of misandry has come the erosion of the rights and protections that would otherwise be afforded to the group it targets. This is seen most commonly in the systemic removal of due process for those accused of sexual harassment and rape. While many schools already used low standards of proof to adjudicate sexual misconduct, the infamous April 4, 2011 “Dear Colleague” letter from the Department of Education drove the nail in the coffin, requiring all public schools to use a low “preponderance of evidence” standard.
In addition to low standards of proof, many schools use definitions of sexual assault that are either dangerously vague or brazenly discriminatory. For years Occidental College's policy, for example, stated that in matters of sexual consent “no always means no” but “yes does not always mean yes.” Mississippi State University declares that rape accusers should never be held accountable for their actions while drunk, but the drunk men accuse should always be held accountable. And numerous universities, such as Gettysburg College, adopt the “affirmative consent” model, requiring a verbal “yes” to be expressed at every incremental level of a sexual encounter.
Freedom of speech is another issue that has become incredibly important to men's advocates in the last year, given events at the University of Toronto. When several men's advocates were scheduled to speak at U of T, Feminists formed human barricades in front of all the entrances and exits so that no one could get in, pulled fire alarms to prevent advocates for men and boys in academia being heard, and while wearing masks shouted obscenities and engaged in extremely disruptive behavior. Despite engaging in criminal acts, U of T failed to discipline them and instead charged men's advocates a ~$1000 “security fee,” requiring them to pay the price for the bad behavior of Feminists.
There is no way I can fully describe the issues here, and I have left a good part out. But I believe this is a somewhat decent crash course on the nature of the problem. Just like organizations like the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education and A Voice for Men (both of which were inspirational to my work), AVFMS advocates non-partisan and non-violent solutions, and encourages and supports activism to promote awareness of the issues, as well as expose corruption and misandry in academia. Feel free to read the AVFMS Mission and Values page for more on the nature of how the site will promote resolving the issues.
Again, I'd like to thank Mr. Jacobson for inviting me to make a guest post and for helping me spread awareness of the issues. I hope I have been informative.
Notes:
[1] Educational Testing Services (ETS) Gender Study, “Trends by Subject, Fourth through Twelfth Grades,” Figure 2-1.Cited in Misreading Masculinityby Thomas Newkirk, p. 35.
0
Qualcomm is asking a court to force Apple's iPhone and iPad manufacturers to pay up, since they've been withholding royalty payments for weeks under Apple's instructions.
In a court filing yesterday, Qualcomm asked for a preliminary injunction against four of Apple's suppliers — Foxconn, Pegatron, Wistron, and Compal — all of which it began suing for breach of contract earlier this month. Qualcomm said in April that Apple had instructed those companies not to pay royalties for devices they made using Qualcomm technology. It later said that would lead to a loss of $500 million in revenue this quarter alone because of the missing payments.
“[Apple] has chosen commercial ransom over judicial process.”
Qualcomm and Apple are locked in a worldwide legal dispute over patents and payments, with Qualcomm largely stuck playing defense. Apple has said that Qualcomm has been charging excessively high patent licensing fees for years, using its position as the dominant supplier of smartphone modems as leverage.
In its new filing, Qualcomm says that Apple is trying to force a settlement by throwing its weight around. “Apple could litigate against Qualcomm indefinitely; it has virtually unlimited resources (more than $256 billion in cash reserves) and already has filed multiple cases against Qualcomm not just in this court, but around the world. And when those cases end, Apple can file more cases,” the company writes in a new filing.
It goes on to say that Apple “has chosen commercial ransom over judicial process” and that it's trying to get an unfair deal on Qualcomm's technology “through coercion enabled by its enormous market power.”
Apple declined to provide a new comment on the filing, once again pointing to older remarks. In one of those, Tim Cook says that Qualcomm is “trying to charge Apple a percentage of the total iPhone value” when what it provides is “one small part of what an iPhone is.” In a separate statement from April, Apple says it's suspending payments “until the correct amount can be determined by the court.”
Backing up Apple's claims is a lawsuit from the Federal Trade Commission, which began suing Qualcomm earlier this year for anti-competitive practices in regard to how it obtains patent licenses. In filings earlier this month, Samsung and Intel also put their weight behind the FTC.
While early Apple Pay experiences appear to have been mostly positive, Eddy Cue's admission that there is still “a lot of work left to do” has been demonstrated in a number of glitches in the system – some of them resulting in multiple payments being taken for the same transaction …
NordVPN
The NYT‘s Molly Wood reported that while in-store use worked well, using it within the small number of supported apps wasn't quite such a seamless experience. In two instances, multiple payments were taken for a single transaction.
I used the Instacart app to order groceries. Each time I tried to check out, the order appeared successful and I got a charge notification. But then I got an error saying the order didn't actually go through because of a formatting problem. My bank saw three separate charges, although Instacart assured me the problem was fixed and I wouldn't be overcharged.
Apple later confirmed that the glitch was indeed a formatting problem in the data, and fixed it the same day.
Wood had a similar experience with the Uber app.
Uber initially let me request a car without signing in, but the app made me sign in after the car had been requested and then asked for an email and phone number. The multiple steps caused Apple Pay to authorize three separate payments of the Uber base fare.
Some of the issues appear to result from using apps without signing-in – something Apple Pay in principle makes possible, but which many apps don't yet appear to properly support. Using the Target app, for example, allows individual items to be purchased one at a time with Apple Pay, but the basket functionality still needs you to be registered and signed-in.
ReadWrite‘s Owen Thomas (via Business Insider) hit a glitch before they got as far as making a payment. They reported that for both the card already linked to iTunes, and a second card they scanned, the wrong card images were displayed.
One of my cards was already in iTunes; I added another using my iPhone's camera. […] In both cases, Apple Pay displayed the wrong image for my card in Passbook—which seems especially absurd, since it scanned my card to add it in the first place. This is probably my bank's fault. It's still confusing, since the image is meant to signal at a glance which card I'm using.
It's worth noting that most of the issues described appear to be the responsibility of app developers and banks rather than Apple, but clearly customers will blame Apple Pay rather than individual players. I suspect those on Cue's team are going to be working some long hours to ensure such issues are quickly resolved.
On a more positive note, while those living overseas are waiting impatiently for Apple Pay to go live (me among them, in the UK), our readers have been finding that supported US cards already work fine on NFC terminals in other countries.
Teen mama drama! Jenelle Evans revealed in a new interview that they are refusing to address Teen Mom 3 alum Briana DeJesus joining the cast of Teen Mom 2 while filming season 8 of the MTV mainstay.
Teen Mom Stars, Then and Now!
“I'm not commenting on it at all,” Evans, 25, told TheDirty.com on Monday, March 27. “MTV wanted me to film about it and I even told them no,” adding that they wanted to do the same “with the rest of the girls,” their costars Leah Messer, Chelsea Houska and Kailyn Lowry.
As The Ashley's Reality Roundup reported last week, DeJesus, 22 — who appeared on the first and only season of TM3 in 2013 — has been added to the TM2 lineup, and has already filmed scenes for the next season of the long-running reality series. MTV had no comment when Us Weekly reached out.
It's no surprise that Evans is not pleased with the network's decision to add DeJesus into the mix. The TV personalities got into a heated Twitter spat back in January 2014 when Evans shared a link to a Sulia.com article titled “Teen Mom 3's Briana DeJesus Defends Them Man!”
As fans saw on season 1 of TM3, DeJesus constantly fought with ex Devoin Austin — the father of their 5-year-old daughter, Nova — who had several brushes with the law, including a 2013 arrest for a probation violation.
“@PBandJenelley_1 that sulia article is so wrong,” DeJesus tweeted to Evans at the time. “I wasn't defending anymore, it was a general tweet & I'm single now btw, been single. … I'm not even gonna dog u bc the whole world knows the truth about u….just stay in ur lane and maybe grow up a little bit.” Evans never responded to DeJesus, who ended up deleting them tweets.
DeJesus appeared on season 4 of 16 and Pregnant in 2012 and went on to star in TM3 alongside Mackenzie McKee, Katie Yeager and Alex Sekella. Since then, they have participated in 2016's season 1 of VH1's Family Therapy With Dr. Jenn, with mom Roxy DeJesus and sister Brittany DeJesus. They made headlines later that year after undergoing a “mommy makeover.” As previously reported, they went under the knife and got butt implants, a breast augmentation and had a labiaplasty.
On January 2, Briana announced that they are pregnant and expecting their second child with a partner who has yet to be revealed. “Looks like Nova won't be an only child anymore. Super excited for July ❤,” they captioned a photo of a sonogram on Instagram.
Teen Mom 2 concludes its seventh season on MTV Monday, March 27, at 9 p.m. ET.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
FAQ
How often should I charge my Devon watch?
If it is not being used, we recommend charging your Tread 2 every 15 days and your Tread 1 every 21 days.. Otherwise, our suggestion is to use the battery level indicator on the watch and charge it once the indicator level reaches 20%. . For convenience, some Devon owners have used a programmable power timer that charges the watch for 10 hours every 15 or 21 days depending on the model.
​
Should I leave my Devon watch on the charger after it's fully charged?
After the watch is fully charged, it should not be left on an active charger. This helps to both protect the battery from damage and preserve its longevity. Extended periods of charging can cause damage to the battery and the watch itself.
​
If I need service on my watch what should I do?
Contact us at info@devonworks.com. We can send you instructions for sending the watch in for service.
My Devon is charged but it is not responding?
When the battery level becomes low, the watch will automatically turn off. This allows the internal circuitry to keep the correct time before the battery level is completely depleted. Often, owners will mistake the power saving mode for an error in the watch. Replacing it on the charger will charge the battery, and after some time charging will charge the battery to the point it automatically comes out of power saving mode. Occasionally, if the battery is drained too far, the operating system may lock in power save mode. In such a case, a battery reset will correct the issue.
What does the Devon warranty cover?
Generally, the Devon warranty extends to workmanship defects for a period of two years and a one year warranty on the battery. Basically, this covers normal wear and excludes things like water intrusion, damage from dropping, scratches, etc. Please keep in mind that the Devon warranty is only available if the watch is purchased from an AUTHORIZED DEVON RETAILER. Please refer to the warranty sections (link) for full details.
How long does the watch operate on a single charge?
With normal use, we expect the Tread 1 and Tread 2 watches operate for seven to ten days. Of course, batteries vary, as does the manner of use. Using the various modes of the watches can impact the duration of the charge.
​
How do I get accessories (like replacement straps, travel chargers) and replacement parts for my Devon?
Accessories and replacement parts are available through Devon or any of its authorized retailers.
How do I reach Devon with questions or customer needs?
The best way to reach us is via email at info@devonworks.com. Alternatively, you can use our customer service line
Why do some watches have serial numbers with a second number?
Each Devon watch is serial numbered for authenticity. If the watch has a serial number with a second number (i.e. STP 54/150), then it is a limited edition. If a watch is listed as limited edition, once the supply of is exhausted, the watch will no longer be made. Of course we will continue to stock the necessary items for repair. It should be noted, a limited edition is a cap on the number of watches of that edition that will be made, it is not a minimum. Devon may discontinue a limited edition before the reaching the limitation.
Warranty Registration
Serial Number Ownership:
It is strongly recommended that you register your watch with Devon after purchasing it. Devon keeps a data base for warranty claims and ownership. We use that information for service needs and also ownership.
Return Policy:
Any watch purchased through a retailer is subject to that retailers return policy. If purchased directly from Devon, our return policy is return within 3 days of the date the watch was received for full credit on the sale price. Because of the unique nature of our watches, only returns that are in new condition and unworn may be accepted.
Are the watches waterproof?
Devon Tread watches are water resistant, but not water proof. It is strongly recommended that you do not submerge your Tread watch, especially in heated water like hot tubs.
Update, 10:30PM CST: Wow, it looks like Google really dropped the ball on this one. While previous Play Store launches have been problematic, today's Nexus 6 pre-order has left the vast majority of prospective buyers high and dry. Google seems to have sold out of a low initial stock almost instantly, and there was never a single point in the afternoon where you could reliably go to the Play Store and pay for a phone.
We ran an informal poll over on the Android Police Google+ page, now at over 1000 replies. If our readers are any indication, approximately nine out of ten people who wanted to pre-order a Nexus 6 today were unable to do so.
Our resident graphic designer Liam decided to commemorate the pre-order in GIF form.
Presumably carriers and retailers will also be offering the Nexus 6 at some point, and the Play Store is bound to get at least some new stock as the actual launch day approaches and passes. But based on this afternoon and evening, it's safe to say that the first day of quasi-availability has been a pitiful failure.
--
Today is the day, Nexus fans. Motorola's gigantic, bombastic Nexus 6 is available on the Play Store for a pre-order: $649 gets you the 32GB model, and if that's not enough, you can spring for the 64GB version at $699. At least it's available for some people - there appears to be a staggered rollout, and a lot of early buyers are seeing "out of inventory" pages for the 32GB version and "coming soon" for 64GB. As of 12:25 Central, a handful of people report they've been able to order the 32GB model.
Both versions are available (or soon will be) in white or navy blue. Shipping and taxes vary on speed and location; typically Play Store hardware is offered with ground, two-day, or next-day shipping options at increasing expense, though apparently they aren't leaving the warehouse until late in November. Nexus 6 buyers get 6 free months of Google Play All Access.
The Nexus 6 is easily the most high-end Google developer phone yet, both in terms of raw specifications and when compared to similar hardware available at the time of release. From a hardware perspective it's essentially a gigantic version of the Moto X 2014, complete with Motorola's curving case design and dimpled back. But the screen has been extended to a contentious 5.9 inches, larger even than the latest Galaxy Note, with a QHD Super AMOLED panel to match.
Inside is the latest Snapdragon 805 processor rated at 2.7Ghz, 3GB of RAM, and a 13MP rear camera with optical image stabilization and a dual-LED ring flash. The 3220mAh battery sounds big, but is actually pretty typical (or even a little small) for a phone this size; Qualcomm's Quick Charge technology paired with a Motorola Turbo Charger will be a nice creature comfort. Other nice touches include stereo front-facing speakers and an aluminum ring around the bezel.
One of the most important additions to this Nexus for American buyers is a veritable boatload of GSM, CDMA, and LTE wireless radio bands. The Nexus 6 supports essentially every band and major carrier in the United States, including those that are usually off-limits for unlocked phones. The device can be used on any GSM carrier and Verizon, Sprint, and US Cellular, making it unique in the current marketplace. And of course, it's the first handset to get a consumer version of Android 5.0 Lollipop, with all the new software features and capabilities that go with it.
The Google Play Store has historically had trouble handling a rush of online orders for new Nexus devices. It's safe to expect major slowdown if you're trying to order a Nexus 6, and Google's initial stock may not last long. Retailers and carrier stores may also carry the Nexus 6, but we haven't heard much on that. T-Mobile will sell the phone directly to consumers, and it's eligible for interest-free financing, but not until November 12th. We're expecting some or all of the major carriers to follow suit at some point.
International availability is up in the air at the moment. While Google and its manufacturer partners tend to make new Nexus devices available in most major markets, it sometimes takes weeks or months for them to launch outside the United States. Android Police will have a full review of the Nexus 6 available in the near future.
Google Play Store:
Elsewhere in Slate, Daniel Byman analyzes the future of al-Qaida after Osama Bin Laden, John Dickerson looks at Obama's secret meetings, Annie Lowrey asks who might get the $25 million reward, and Jack Shafer says to follow the news skeptically. Chris Beam explains the mood in Pakistan, and Dave Weigel looks at Congress' reaction. For the most up-to-date-coverage, visit the Slatest. Slate's complete coverage is rounded up here .
Osama Bin Laden
The killing of Osama Bin Laden has, for a brief instant, united an America that seemed permanently torn in two over birth certificates, the deficit, and the Donald. We can debate whether there should have been a trial, whether Americans ought to be dancing in the streets, whether it was legal to kill him, or even whether it matters whether it was legal to kill him. But we all appear to basically agree that the world is a far better place because the man responsible for one of the most vicious attacks in U.S. history is no longer in it.
So now what? Legally speaking, there are two broad lessons to derive from the Obama administration's latest salvo in the war on terror. One is that it shows the need to continue operating outside legal norms indefinitely. The other is that it allows us to declare a symbolic victory over terrorism and return once more to the pre-9/11 regime in which the rule of law is inviolate.
The Bush administration's extra-legal exploits in the months and years after 9/11 have already been credited, in some quarters, for the killing of Bin Laden. That was to be expected. In a statement released earlier today, for instance, former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales said: “I congratulate President Obama and their team for this significant accomplishment. I also congratulate President Bush who carried the War on Terror to our enemies and adopted the legal framework for that effort that continues today.” That's code for the claim that it was years of Bush-sanctioned warrantless eavesdropping, coercive interrogation, and indefinite detention that led to this victory. Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, went one better, tweeting, “Wonder what President Obama thinks of water boarding now?”
There are reports that it was ultimately Guantanamo detainees who disclosed the identity of the trusted courier who, along with their brother, might have been protecting Bin Laden. Thus, the argument goes, Guantanamo is in fact an intelligence godsend that should be kept open indefinitely. And already some of America's most zealous torture apologists are taking the position that without the torture of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and Abu Faraj al-Libi, all of this valuable information could never have been obtained and that we should be thankful that the “enhanced interrogation program” was in place all along. Again, this is a coded argument for torturing the next terrorist and the one after that.
The problem with arguments of this sort is that they are unfalsifiable: We can never prove or disprove assertions that the intelligence that led investigators to Bin Laden would not have been obtainable without the use of torture. At the same time, there will never be a way to know conclusively whether information procured through torture from Guantanamo detainees might have been obtained by legal means in ordinary prisons. Interrogation experts have long suggested that this is the case, but of course they cannot prove it, either. And as Marcy Wheeler reminds us, that doesn't begin to account for all the stupid things that were done with false information obtained through torture. Nobody's bragging about that today.
About all we can say with certainty is this: We tortured. We live in a world in which we must contend with information obtained by torture. We now need to decide whether we want to continue to live that way. Writers from ideological backgrounds as diverse as Matt Yglesias and Ross Douthat argue that it is time to return to the paradigm abandoned after 9/11. Let's put the 9/11 attacks and the existential threat it created behind us. With Bin Laden's death, let's simply agree that the objectives of the Bush administration's massive anti-terror campaign have finally been achieved, and that the time for extra-legal, extra-judicial government programs—from torture, to illegal surveillance, to indefinite detention, to secret trials, to nontrials, to the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay—has now passed. There will be no better marker for the end of this era. There will be no better time to inform the world that our flirtation with a system of shadow-laws was merely situational and that the situation now is over.
That's a lot to ask, I know. If the lesson of May 1, 2011 is that ultimate justice comes with a side order of torture and Guantanamo, it seems the worst moment to abandon those tools. But for those who would argue for a continuation of the lawlessness of the post-9/11 legal era, the question is now this: When does it end? If the death of Bin Laden doesn't signal the end of the 9/11 legal regime, what does? Do we continue to avail ourselves of these illegal methods until every last enemy of America is dead? If torture produced information about the men hiding Bin Laden, does that give America license to torture anyone, anywhere? If the prison camp at Guantanamo is the only reason we were able to obtain intelligence about Bin Laden's protectors, shouldn't Guantanamo be expanded and kept open forever? Shouldn't we start shipping Americans there?
The problem with arguments about how well torture “worked” is that they invariably justify future acts of torture as well as past ones. The Obama administration appears never to have fully understood this, decrying Bush-era excesses while continuing to deploy them. President Obama talks a lot about “turning the page” without ever committing to turning it. Today marks their best opportunity not only to turn the page but also to close the book on claims that our legal regime was inadequate to address terrorism.
The “war on terror” language was always metaphorical, I realize, but it unloosed a very real Pandora's box of injustice on a nation that prides itself on its notions of fairness. That makes the highly symbolic death of Bin Laden an apt time—perhaps the last apt time—to ask whether this state of affairs is to be temporary or permanent. If President Obama truly believes, as they said last night, that justice has finally been done, they should use this opportunity to restore the central role of the rule of law in achieving justice in the future.
Video: Hillary Clinton comments on the death of Osama Bin Laden
Obama sees the Constitution's separation of powers as a quaint anachronism.
As a reaction to the crack epidemic of the 1980s, many federal drug laws carry strict mandatory sentences. This has stirred unease in Congress and sparked a bipartisan effort to revise and relax some of the more draconian laws.
Traditionally — meaning before Barack Obama — that's how laws were changed: We have a problem, we hold hearings, we find some new arrangement, which is ratified by Congress and signed by the president.
Advertisement
Advertisement
That was then. On Monday, Attorney General Eric Holder, a liberal in a hurry, ordered all U.S. attorneys to simply stop charging nonviolent, non-gang-related drug defendants with crimes that, while fitting the offense, carry mandatory sentences. Find some lesser, non-triggering charge. How might you do that? Withhold evidence — e.g., about the amount of dope involved.
#ad#In other words, evade the law, by deceiving the court if necessary. “If the companies that I represent in federal criminal cases” did that, said former deputy attorney general George Terwilliger, “they could be charged with a felony.”
But such niceties must not stand in the way of an administration's agenda. Indeed, the very next day, it was revealed that the administration had unilaterally waived Obamacare's cap on a patient's annual out-of-pocket expenses — a one-year exemption for selected health insurers that is nowhere permitted in the law. It was simply decreed by an obscure Labor Department regulation.
Advertisement
Which followed a presidentially directed 70-plus percent subsidy for the insurance premiums paid by members of congress and their personal staffs — under a law that denies subsidies for anyone that well-off.
Advertisement
Which came just a month after the administration's equally lawless suspension of one of the cornerstones of Obamacare: the employer mandate.
Which followed hundreds of Obamacare waivers granted by Health and Human Services secretary Kathleen Sebelius to selected businesses, unions, and other well-lobbied, very special interests.
Nor is this kind of rule-by-decree restricted to health care. In 2012, the immigration service was ordered to cease proceedings against young illegal immigrants brought here as children. Congress had refused to pass such a law (the DREAM Act) just 18 months earlier. Obama themselves had repeatedly said that the Constitution forbade them from enacting it without Congress. But with the fast approach of an election that could hinge on the Hispanic vote, Obama did exactly that. Unilaterally.
The point is not what you think about the merits of the DREAM Act. Or of mandatory drug sentences. Or of subsidizing health-care premiums for $175,000-a-year members of Congress. Or even whether you think governors should be allowed to weaken the work requirements for welfare recipients — an authority the administration granted last year in clear violation of section 407 of the landmark Clinton-Gingrich welfare reform of 1996.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The point is whether a president, charged with faithfully executing the laws that Congress enacts, may create, ignore, suspend, and/or amend the law at will. Presidents are arguably permitted to refuse to enforce laws they consider unconstitutional (the basis for so many of George W. Bush's so-called signing statements). But presidents are forbidden from doing so for reason of mere policy — the reason for every Obama violation listed above.
Such gross executive usurpation disdains the Constitution. It mocks the separation of powers. And, most consequentially, it introduces a fatal instability into law itself. If the law is not what is plainly written, but is whatever the president and their agents decide, what's left of the law?
What's the point of the whole legislative process — of crafting various provisions through give-and-take negotiation — if you cannot rely on the fixity of the final product, on the assurance that the provisions bargained for by both sides will be carried out?
Advertisement
Consider immigration reform. The essence of any deal would be legalization in return for strict border enforcement. If some such legislative compromise is struck, what confidence can anyone have in it — if the president can unilaterally alter what they sign?
Yet this president is not only untroubled by what he's doing, but open and rather proud. As they tell cheering crowds on their never-ending campaign-style tours: I am going to do X — and I'm not going to wait for Congress.
That's caudillo talk. That's banana-republic stuff. In this country, the president is required to win the consent of Congress first.
At stake is not some constitutional curlicue. At stake is whether the laws are the law. And whether presidents get to write their own.
— Charles Krauthammer is a nationally syndicated columnist. Their email address is letters@charleskrauthammer.com. © 2013 The Washington Post Writers Group.
(CNN) -- Four men died after horsing around in a boat on a southern Idaho reservoir, authorities said late Monday.
The bodies of four men were found Monday evening in the American Falls Reservoir in the same area where the men had fallen into the water a day earlier, said Cpl. Leilani Morgan of the the Power County Sheriff's Department.
The search began Sunday for the four boaters after authorities received a 911 call from a child on their boat, said Power County, Idaho, Sheriff Jim Jeffries. The four men were "horsing around," they said. One man was standing up in the front of the boat and another man pushed them into the water as a joke, not realizing they could not swim, they said.
"There were enough vests for all four adult men to have them on. However, they did not have them on," Morgan said.
KIFI: Four boaters' bodies found.
The victims have been identified as 57-year-old Darrel Shappart, 26-year-old Jared Hale, their 30-year-old brother Aaron Hale and 30-year-old Stephan Verbeck, Morgan said. The men were boating on the waterway Sunday along with five children under the age of nine.
The frantic 911 call triggered a search where rescuers used boats with side-scanning sonar to locate the men in the reservoir, which is about 180 miles east-southeast of Boise.
CNN's Ashley Hayes, Greg Morrison and CNNRadio's Richard Benson contributed to this story
Headline News
Lamb Of God Frontman Randy Blythe Released From Czech Jail
Band Photo: Lamb of God (?)
According to a spokesperson from the Czech Republic prison system, Randy Blythe, lead singer of the American heavy metal outfit Lamb of God was finally released from jail yesterday, after being held on a manslaughter charge.
"The decision was reached yesterday at the end of a 16-hour closed session. The only condition of release was the approximately 8 million Czech Koruna bail," Prague court spokesperson Martina Lhotáková said.
 They are expected to return home to the United States, but will have to return to the Czech Republic to face trial.
"That's what they want to do," Blythe's Czech attorney Martin Radvan told Radio Prague, "As a world-renowned artist, in a specific genre of music, of course, they cannot afford to simply disappear. There are posters with their picture all around the world, and if they want to continue performing, they will have to return. And they want to return because they believe they are not guilty of anything they have been charged with."
Lamb Of God frontman Randy Blythe was arrested in June on charges of manslaughter stemming from a "tragic incident" in Prague at a Lamb of God performance on May 24, 2010, which led to a death.
More information will be revealed as soon as it becomes available.
Source: Metal-Hammer
Nursing a broken heart, a man with arachnophobia buys a poisonous bird spider and sets it free in their apartment.
Beware arachnophobics! This film contains a frizzly 8-legged creature. But if you can put your fear away for a few minutes, this would be the perfect opportunity not to miss an incredible short by Jaime Dezcallar.
As a little kid Jaime read a short story by Mexican writer Juan José Arreola and it got stuck in the back of their mind since then. When they presented the story to their producer, they encouraged them to write a short script out of it, and finally shot the short film right after finishing film school in New York City, and completing it in Madrid in 2011.
Shooting with a spider could be just as itching as it sounds. Having filmed during a very hot summer, with 20 people crammed in a small studio apartment with no air conditioning and a poisonous spider.
The spider was not deadly poisonous, but poisonous enough. It would expel itchy hair to defend itself so whenever we plugged a fan, the hair would fly in the air and all the team would start scratching fiercely.
– Jaime Dezcallar
The story shows an incredible work of immaculate symbolism and comparison between a profound phobia and the fear losing one you loved. The cinematography is simple but effective and beautiful, adding a strong visual to each narrated snippet.
My goal with the short film was to move the audience. To make them feel things while they where watching. So all my efforts went in that direction. I'm very happy for how people have accepted the film.
jaimedezcallar.com
In the wake of the awful mass shooting in Las Vegas, anti-gun interests across the nation wasted no time politicizing this latest American tragedy. We have heard the arguments before, every time a terrorist or deranged gunman slaughters the innocent in a public place: Certain types of firearms have no place in civilian hands, and should be banned. America now has tens of thousands of gun laws on the books, from the local to the federal level, measures banning or severely limiting private access to hundreds of types of firearms and firearms accessories, from fully-automatic weapons to high-capacity magazines to silencers. The severity of gun laws varies significantly from state to state, ranging from jurisdictions such as Alaska, Arizona, and Vermont, where state and local gun laws are very limited, to the likes of New York, New Jersey, Illinois, and California, where large numbers of firearms are prohibited in private hands, and government permits to carry a weapon are difficult if not impossible to procure.
All but the most extreme anti-gun voices concede that, under the Second Amendment, private citizens have the right to own some firearms. But, they typically add, such rights do not extend to the freedom to carry weapons in public places, nor to own modern, high-capacity, rapid-fire weapons, and the federal government therefore should do everything it can to outlaw the private ownership of weapons deemed a threat to public safety. Are they correct?
In the first place, the wording of the Second Amendment is clear: Its purpose is to protect the right to keep and bear (i.e., own and carry) arms, in order that (among other things) a well-regulated militia may be maintained. The connection between militias and private gun ownership, once well-understood, has been obscured by legal sophistry. A militia, unlike a professional military, is a private armed force available when needed to come to the defense of the commonwealth, either on its own account or alongside professional military forces. Under the Constitution, both Congress and the states have authority over the militia, as spelled out in Article I, Section 8:
[Congress shall have power t]o provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions;
To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress.
According to the legal doctrine of the day, the “unorganized militia” referred to all able-bodied men, who were presumed to own workable firearms and were eligible to be called into service as an organized or “well-regulated” militia. The existence of the unorganized militia is understood to be prior to that of the state; just as individuals have the unalienable right to self-defense, so groups of individuals have that same right. It was in this spirit that the Minutemen were organized among the American colonists and became the first armed forces to engage the British military at the outset of the Revolutionary War.
If militias are the non-professional collective fighting force, it follows that all weapons appropriate for militia use are allowable in private hands. That this is no longer the case in the United States is indicative of the degree to which Americans have permitted the federal government to infringe on constitutionally protected freedoms.
But if the ownership of firearms is protected by the Second Amendment, perhaps, in light of the dangers to the public posed by modern firearms, the Constitution should be amended to allow the prohibition of such weapons. After all, modern militaries and police forces are sufficient to carry out the protective functions once discharged by militias; perhaps private gun ownership should be restricted to weapons adequate for hunting and domestic defense — so runs the argument of “moderates” in the gun debate.
But as we have seen in recent mass shootings, the police seldom arrive on the scene until the damage has been done. And while a sniper attack such as that carried out in Las Vegas may be difficult if not impossible to defend against, many other mass shootings carried out in public venues such as schools, movie theaters, and nightclubs might have ended differently if the shooters had been confronted by armed private citizens. Just a few days before the Las Vegas shooting, an armed parishion­er did manage to stop a would-be mass shooter at a church — an incident that the news media mostly ignored. Because of the nature of the news, only “successful” mass shootings get wall-to-wall coverage.
As to whether such incidents would be less likely were certain types of weapons prohibited, we need look no further than countries such as France and Norway, both of which have experienced mass shootings far worse than the United States in recent years — yet both of which have very strict gun-control laws. In a country with the population of the United States (the world's third largest), mass shootings remain statistically very rare events.
Laws criminalizing firearms ownership, which end up denying the vast majority of decent Americans the right to defend themselves from the occasional malefactor, are an outgrowth of the Utopian expectation that government can somehow rid the world of sin and evil. It is true that mass shootings have become more common in the United States over the past few decades, but that is not because firearms are more available. Fifty years ago, military-grade automatic weapons were legal and easily-obtainable — yet mass shootings were almost unknown. What has changed is popular morality, not firearms availability. In an increasingly amoral, nihilistic world, mass shootings have acquired a dark appeal among the immoral, the disenfranchised, and the politically intemperate. More violence in public spaces is the result.
If America wishes to end, or at least minimize, the misuse of firearms, it should look to our moral and religious heritage. Only a return to our Judaeo-Christian roots can reverse our present course.
Photo of U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) speaking in favor of gun control: AP Images
The Shifting Mobile Landscape and the BYOD Environment
Over the past decade or so, smartphones have seamlessly woven themselves into the fabric of our everyday lives. Need directions? There's an app for that. Want to lose some weight? Your iPhone can chart your calories. Need a place to avert your gaze in order to avoid dreaded small talk? Don't worry, your phone's got your back.
Therefore, it should come as no surprise that today's increasingly mobile workforce is utilizing personal mobile devices for work-related purposes more than ever before. In fact, according to a survey of 790 IT professionals by Check Point Software Technologies, 93% of employees currently have mobile devices connecting to their network, and that number is only expected to rise in the coming years.
Unfortunately, smartphones' introduction into the work place has not been nearly as seamless or as welcome as that into our personal lives—and for good reason. While the “Bring Your Own Device” (BYOD) environment has enhanced flexibility and communication for many employees, it has also created new channels for security threats to pilfer valuable enterprise data.
Traditionally, IT departments had full control over the technology that employees use to do their jobs—i.e. desktop computers, phones, etc. Now, many companies are scrambling to cover the holes left by mobile devices as 71% of them believe that the use of these devices is leading to increased security incidents, while 66% say that careless employees are an even greater security risk than cybercriminals. However, rather than block access to mobile devices altogether (let's be honest this would never work), companies are enacting policies that not only adapt to the shifting mobile environment, but also embrace it as an opportunity for improving employee productivity, lowering costs, and supporting flexible working conditions.
BYOD Policy for Your Business
Focus on Employee Education:
Understandably, existing security training tends to focus around the desktop user because the mobile workforce is still in relative infancy. However, a thorough policy should be tailored to employee's specific devices, roles and locations as well as include regular check ups and updates to make sure every base is covered. It should also contain easily accessible information on who to contact if an employee believes they or they have identified a security risk and rules on how to handle confidential information.
Be Aware of Mobile Security's Top Threats:
1. Device Loss and Theft: A good rule of thumb to follow is to “maintain the same control over your devices as you would over your credit cards”. This means not lending out your mobile phones/tablets/etc. to untrusted people who could possibly introduce malware or unwanted services. In case that your precious device happens to get lost or stolen, record or register serial numbers and enable passcode time-out protections to keep track of your phone and keep valuable data safe. Luckily, some phones have measures in place to counteract this threat. Google Android 5.0 mandates hardware support for stored data encryption while Apple iOS 7 introduced a kill switch to render stolen iPhones and iPads worthless. In iOS 8, Activation Lock is enabled by default, strengthening out-of-the-box defenses against data breaches. Finally, as always, encrypt sensitive data and do not store any sensitive data on a mobile device that cannot be encrypted.
2. Leaky Apps: Many of the free apps in Google Play contain adware, software that endangers privacy by capturing information like device-unique IDs, location, contacts and more. In order to minimize risks, resist the urge to blindly tap “continue” during the installation process without verifying what exactly you are accepting, consider app ratings and reader reviews, and avoid any copy-cat app that tries to imitate other well-known apps or vendors. Implementing virus protection, spam detection and other malware protection on all your devices, not just those physically at work, will also greatly decrease security risks. (When possible, that is--unfortunately, there is not much out there yet to protect iOS devices). Lastly, avoid sideloading apps. Although the Google Play Store and ITunes don't guarantee their apps are free of malware, they do offer some level of protection. Bypassing them (i.e.,“sideloading”) can be a recipe for problems if you don't know what you're doing.
3. Network Connectivity and Online Behavior: Many network security risks can be dodged with common sense such as using caution when browsing the web (AKA no questionable websites while on a work device), disabling pop-ups and cookies and ideally only connecting to enterprise resources through a corporate firewall. Unsecured wireless networks make devices more vulnerable to attack and could put an entire organization's network at risk—you don't want to be THAT guy. Disable Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and Infrared when not in use in order to reduce your device's attack surface. Furthermore, when pairing with Bluetooth, use alphanumeric passwords and pair only with known devices.
As the BYOD movement (with its associated threats) continues to increase, the protection of enterprise data across mobile platforms is poised to become one of business' primary security concerns of the coming years. Employee education and security awareness is as good of a place as any to prepare for the mobile business evolution.
Whether you're a fan of the original or not, you have to appreciate the lengths that Lionsgate went to so that the new Blair Witch sequel would be a complete surprise to everyone in attendance at this year's San Diego Comic-Con. Shot and marketed under the fake moniker The Woods, Adam Wingard's latest film has been eagerly anticipated by fans who were completely unaware of its top-secret sequel status.
You can check out our review here, but before you see it for yourself, we're here to make sure you've seen some of the best films in the genre that was popularized by the 1999 original The Blair Witch Project. Check out the trailer for the new film below, as well as ten unique found footage films to hold you over until September 16th, when Blair Witch finally hits theaters.
[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=girSv9UH_V8]
A small disclaimer before I jump into the list. Found footage films have come a long way since Cannibal Holocaust. I know they're never going to win everyone over, but I disagree that they're movies that only offer cheap scares and gimmicky tricks. The genre truly asks more of you as an audience member than other horror movies. You have to completely suspend your disbelief before sitting down in the theater; otherwise, the movie will always be silly and will have already lost you before the first trailer plays. I understand someone hating the genre, but I think when they work, found footage movies have a chance to get under your skin and stick with you like no other type of filmmaking in existence. You just have to let them.
Now, on to the list.
The Blair Witch Project
When the marketing began for this movie, no one knew what it would become. It was already creeping people out before they even had a chance to see it with the idea that this was not fiction. Sold as actual footage found in the woods of Maryland, The Blair Witch Project told the story of three student filmmakers who set out to shoot a documentary exposing a gruesome local legend. They interview many of the citizens in Burkettsville, Maryland – and film at a nearby graveyard – before heading into the woods and encountering the true terror behind the lore.
[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWiz6reVupA]
This story structure would be copied by so many other films in the genre and is one of the reasons the producers set out to make this movie to begin with. Directors Daniel Myrick and Eduardo Sanchez came up with the idea originally because they found that documentaries about the paranormal were sometimes much more frightening than recent horror films that had released and disappointed. They set out to combine the styles and create something new and did so on a shoestring budget of only $35,000.
The movie was shown at the Sundance Film Festival that year and almost immediately bought by Artisan for a reported $1.1 million. The Blair Witch Project is one of the first films to show studios that they can make an extremely effective horror movie for next to nothing and open huge to a wanting audience. This has lead to some incredibly bad and surprisingly good movies over the past seventeen years as studios try to recreate the phenomenon that this film started right before the turn of the century.
REC
Shot in Barcelona, Spain, and released in 2007, REC shows what the genre is capable of in the right hands, those hands being extremely talented directors Jaume Balagueró and Paco Plaza. The film was a major hit with critics from the start and had an unusually successful film festival run before getting a wider release. Known for creating an intensely claustrophobic atmosphere, the real star of the movie is its twist on the whole viral/rabies/zombie infection concept. Not everything is what it seems, and the third act moves things completely out of predictability.
[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGJ_jPKOj1c]
One of the many Spanish horror films to be remade for an American audience, REC is still passed around by fans committed to having the original stand as the preferred telling of the story. The remake – under the international title Quarantine – is famous for nixing the entire twist ending and stars Jennifer Carpenter as the lead reporter who rushes into an apartment building with their cameraman, hoping to catch a newsworthy story. Definitely check out the original first and foremost for at least one example of foreign films executed much better than their eventual American remakes.
Paranormal Activity 3
It's hard to remember a time when the Paranormal Activity franchise wasn't a household name, and many horror fans have long lost their taste for the series. When the first film began its unique city by city release – based on an online voting system – you didn't have to look far for someone excited to get a glimpse of the movie. After becoming a hit on par with The Blair Witch Project, the film quickly built up a base of detractors for various reasons, but still, the sequels started being pumped out every Halloween and would become a staple of the season for general audiences.
[youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aB1DVVPyQmA]
However you feel about the first film, you can't deny that there is definitely something different and more thoughtful about the third entry in the series. Instead of continuing the story right after Paranormal Activity 2, the movie begins and ends with the main sisters of the series finding a box of old tapes and reminiscing about growing up together. These bumpers bookend a prequel that tells the original story of “Toby,” the demon that is connected to the sisters throughout their lives in the franchise.
Taking place mostly in the 1980's, directors Henry Joost and Ariel Schulman employed a number of post-production techniques to make the film feel as if it was shot on a prosumer video camcorder. The lead character is a professional wedding photographer, which allows the movie to justify multiple cameras on the action and helps overcome some of the technical barriers a normal family would have access to at the time. Using these unique camera angles and even an unnerving moving shot help differentiate the film from the previous two. The filmmakers also pulled from classic movies of the era such as Tobe Hooper's Poltergeist, with nods throughout the plot and even influencing how they executed certain scenes to scare fans. Overall, Paranormal Activity 3 sits above the rest of the series, even with non-fans, and can be enjoyed easily as a stand-alone film.
MORE Found Footage Flicks on the NEXT page!
Boston's First-Ever Open-House Architecture Festival Kicks Off This Weekend
It's all completely free and open to the public.
Sign up for our weekly home and property newsletter, featuring homes for sale, neighborhood happenings, and more.
Brutalist, Federal, old, new—Boston's architecture is a wonderful mishmash of styles and periods.
On June 4 and 5, all of it will be celebrated in the city's first-ever open house-style architecture festival. Called Common Boston 2016, the celebration will provide unrestricted access to dozens of architecturally significant buildings. Hosted by the Boston Society of Architects, Common Boston is meant to encourage Bostonians (and tourists!) to think about why design matters.
“Common Boston is a fantastic opportunity to discover the amazingly rich architectural, cultural, and historic resources of neighborhoods throughout Greater Boston,” said chair of the BSA Foundation, Mike Davis, in a statement. “The Foundation looks forward to stimulating new conversations among neighbors, business owners, and residents, and a greater sense of how the built environment impacts our everyday lives.”
More than 50 sites will be open for visitors to explore, ranging from historic spots and community gardens to office towers and churches. Highlights include the Strand Theater, the Frederick Law Olmsted National Historic Site, District Hall, the Ether Dome, the MIT List Visual Arts Center, and more.
Common Boston was launched more than 10 years ago to connect designers with the public. While the all-volunteer organization has hosted hundreds of events since its founding, Common Boston 2016 is the program's first open-house design festival.
All of Common Boston's events are free and open to the public—except for the festival's launch party on June 3. Dubbed the “dParty,” the Friday night festivity will celebrate all things design at the Innovation and Design Building in the Seaport. The building's seventh floor is set to be transformed into a block party of sorts, including all the amenities of a real streetscape. Tickets for the dParty, which are $10, must be purchased in advance.
The weekend festival is set up in an open house format, meaning dozens of venues are open at once. See the calendar here, and good luck planning out which spaces to visit first.
Common Boston 2016, June 4 and 5, times and schedules vary, see commonboston.org for more information. dParty tickets are available here.
A violent home invasion led them to a large illegal marijuana grow operation in Placitas, Sandoval County sheriff's deputies said.Deputies said Mark Richardson, 59, shot and killed a suspected home intruder early Wednesday morning at their home in Placitas along Highway 165.The suspected intruder was identified as James Garcia, 31.Richardson's attorney, Richard Cravens, said the intruder pepper-sprayed their client's dog after Richardson woke up. Cravens said the intruder then went after Richardson with a gun."(The intruder) fired a shot that went just wide of my client's hip," Cravens said.Cravens said their client used their cane to knock the gun out of Garcia's hand. According to authorities, Richardson fired a fatal shot from that gun.Richardson was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. Cravens said their client has a broken arm and cuts on their face."My client is completely traumatized," Cravens said. "He's a pacifist and was forced to deal with an extremely violent situation."Deputies obtained a search warrant for the home and found a large amount of cash and more than 200 marijuana plants. All of it was seized.The investigation is ongoing.KOAT Action 7 News is following this story and will update it as soon as more information is available.
A violent home invasion led them to a large illegal marijuana grow operation in Placitas, Sandoval County sheriff's deputies said.
Deputies said Mark Richardson, 59, shot and killed a suspected home intruder early Wednesday morning at their home in Placitas along Highway 165.
Advertisement
The suspected intruder was identified as James Garcia, 31.
Richardson's attorney, Richard Cravens, said the intruder pepper-sprayed their client's dog after Richardson woke up. Cravens said the intruder then went after Richardson with a gun.
"(The intruder) fired a shot that went just wide of my client's hip," Cravens said.
Cravens said their client used their cane to knock the gun out of Garcia's hand. According to authorities, Richardson fired a fatal shot from that gun.
Richardson was taken to the hospital with minor injuries. Cravens said their client has a broken arm and cuts on their face.
"My client is completely traumatized," Cravens said. "He's a pacifist and was forced to deal with an extremely violent situation."
Deputies obtained a search warrant for the home and found a large amount of cash and more than 200 marijuana plants. All of it was seized.
The investigation is ongoing.
KOAT Action 7 News is following this story and will update it as soon as more information is available.
AlertMe
Most of the pardon talk surrounding the White House of late centered on Hillary Clinton, but this one may turn out to be an even bigger turd in the proverbial punch bowl for Barack Obama. Accused deserter Bowe Bergdahl, who spent quite some time as a “guest” of the Taliban, would like the President to clear their record before leaving office. This comes as Bergdahl's lawyers prepare for a court-martial hearing in April. (The Hill)
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who was held captive for five years and freed in an exchange for five Taliban prisoners, has asked President Obama to pardon them before leaving the White House. A source told Fox News that Bergdahl wrote a letter to Obama thanking them for rescuing them in 2014 and trading them for the Guantanamo Bay detainees. White House and Justice Department officials also told the New York Times that Bergdahl submitted several copies of a clemency application that were sent to the Pentagon, the Justice Department and the White House immediately after the election.
Time is of the essence here for Bergdahl because if they don't get their walking papers before January 20th or so he's likely to be up a creek without a paddle. Trump is on record as calling them a “dirty, rotten traitor” during more than one campaign stop. Sure, that's the sort of easy red meat you toss out to the base to fire them up, but it's part of a larger narrative. Trump is supposed to be the guy who is going to stick it to the terrorists and beef up the military. He's the new sheriff in town and they won't be coddling anyone who's been sleeping with the enemy. Does this look like the sort of thing they can walk back now?
Obama has their own set of difficulties when it comes to this request. They only deal with their legacy of course, but he's demonstrated that he's pretty concerned about that. They can pretty much pardon whoever they like over the next fifty days, but he's got to be aware that this is all anyone will be talking about for some time to come if they do it.
The President already has that awkward Rose Garden video sitting out there, where they gave Bowe what amounted to a hero's welcome at the White House along with their curiously behaving father. One might point to that as showing that Obama is already in Bergdahl's corner, but he's at least got some cover on that front. The display may have been over the top, but the POTUS can argue that all the facts weren't in at the time and even if Bowe is a deserter we would want them back in the United States anyway. We punish our own over here according to the established rules. We don't leave our guys in the hands of the terrorists to live in a dog cage.
But a pardon? That takes it to a new level. A move such as that effectively removes the question from the hands of the military and inserts Barack Obama's personal decision in its place. If they do it he'll no doubt make that argument that Bowe's time living with the Taliban was punishment enough and write it off as the equivalent of offering them a commutation with time served. But we're talking about desertion here. The penalty for that during a time of war is punishment, “by death or such other punishment as a court-martial may direct.” The wartime part is an important distinction because the same charge during peacetime carries a maximum penalty of, “dishonorable discharge, forfeiture of all pay, and confinement of five years.”
I'm guessing that Obama would like to come off as the compassionate one here and shut this trial down before it gets started. And frankly, I don't think the military would be all that upset about it either. Charging a guy who draws that many headlines as a deserter and locking them up will be a PR nightmare. Besides, the Obama team is great at the art of the spin if nothing else, so I'm guessing he'll be leaning toward granting the request.
Hildebrand also remains a darling in the business press, which hailed them for handing out $100,000 bonuses to most of their employees in December 2015. The $100 million-plus payout was a reward for doubling daily oil production to 150,000 barrels over the previous five years. The big-league bonuses have buffed Hilcorp's shining star — Fortune has hailed it as one of America's best companies to work for five years running.
The production-based bonuses may have another purpose. Industry watchdogs caution that Hilcorp's windfall bonuses can also create a powerful incentive for employees to ignore safety and environmental regulations to facilitate profits and another big bonus.
“One of the things you could get from compensating employees that way is people may be willing to lie for you,” says Carol M. Parker, a New Mexico attorney and former Pipeline Safety Trust board member.
In an emailed response to questions submitted by The Revelator, Hilcorp spokesperson Lori Nelson stated the company “absolutely” does not believe its bonuses provide an incentive to its employees to cut corners and mislead regulators.
“Our company incentives put safety and regulatory compliance above all else,” Nelson stated in a May 10 email: “Hilcorp's incentives drive a ground up performance delivery of safe and efficient production of domestic energy sources.”
But a pattern of deceiving regulators has apparently played out multiple times. Alaska regulators, exasperated over Hilcorp's flagrant disregard of safety and environmental regulations, have stated in writing that the company has not been truthful in communications. In Louisiana records show a Hilcorp employee provided false information to federal regulators concerning the destruction of wetlands. (See part III in our series, coming later this week.)
The Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission sharply criticized Hilcorp for its misleading statements. In a Nov. 25, 2015 notice-of-enforcement letter concerning an incident that nearly killed three Hilcorp workers, the commission stated that Hilcorp's “lack of candor” is “neither isolated nor innocent” since arriving in the state in 2011.
Hilcorp rapidly became one of Alaska's largest energy companies producing 53,000 barrels of oil and 150 million cubic feet of natural gas per day from about 500 producing wells.
In doing so, Hilcorp became the most frequently cited company in the history of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission, with a dozen formal enforcement actions since 2013.
Cashing in on Texas Shale, Hildebrand Turns to Alaska
Jeffery's Hildebrand's biggest payday came from speculating on the Texas Eagle Ford shale oil and gas prospect when oil prices were around $100 a barrel. Hildebrand gained control over 100,000 acres of the Eagle Ford shale belt for about $100 million. The belt extends from the Mexican border in southwest Texas into the middle of southeast Texas.
In June 2010 New York private equity firm KKR invested in Hildebrand's Eagle Ford holdings through a new partnership called Hilcorp Resources LLC. KKR invested up to $400 million to acquire a 40 percent share of the new partnership.
A year later, with oil still hovering over $100 a barrel, Hilcorp Resources LLC sold its Eagle Ford assets, which had grown to 140,000 acres, to Marathon Oil & Gas for $3.5 billion. Moody's Investors Services states Hildebrand's share of the sale was $1.8 billion. Eagle Ford is now one of the nation's leading oil and gas shale producers.
Flush with cash, Hildebrand turned their focus to Alaska's Cook Inlet, an ecologically critical body of water extending from Anchorage 180 miles southwest to the Gulf of Alaska. Cook Inlet and the onshore areas surrounding it host the oldest oil and gas production and pipeline facilities in state, most of which were built in the 1960s.
The Cook Inlet Recovery Act enacted by the state legislature in 2010 was a key factor in Hildebrand investing in the state, according to a Hilcorp official's 2016 testimony before that legislature. The act provided large subsidies to spur oil production that steadily declined to about 9,000 barrels per day from its 230,000 peak in 1970.
Hilcorp seized on what the Alaska Journal of Commerce called “one of the most generous” government subsidy packages in the world featuring hundreds of millions of dollars in refundable tax credits and drilling incentives. The state paid Cook Inlet producers $400 million in refundable tax credits in 2015.
Cook Inlet oil production from all producers totaled only 14,046 barrels per day in February, according to the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission. (The $400 million subsidy to produce 5,126,790 barrels of oil per year is equal to a $78/barrel subsidy.)
Hildebrand entered the Alaska market in June 2011, when Hilcorp Alaska acquired Chevron subsidiary Union Oil Co.'s production and pipeline facilities in Cook Inlet. At the time the investment appeared to fit nicely with Hildebrand's operating strategy of purchasing aging oilfields from major oil companies and rehabilitating the production infrastructure.
Hilcorp Alaska expanded its Cook Inlet holdings in late 2012 when it purchased substantially all of Marathon's oil and gas holdings, giving it control of 70 percent of the natural gas production in Cook Inlet. Together, Hilcorp's Union Oil and Marathon acquisitions were valued at $879 million.
Over the next two years, Hilcorp Alaska invested an additional $1.2 billion in new drilling and production facility upgrades bringing its total investment in Cook Inlet by 2014 to more than $2.1 billion. The company drilled 50 new wells and now operates 20 oil and gas fields, including 14 offshore platforms. It also operates pipelines, storage facilities and a marine oil terminal.
Revenue from Hilcorp Alaska's investments, however, has fallen far short of expenses. By the fall of 2014, the company was $600 million in the red, according to the Alaska Journal. Hilcorp's projections of rapidly ramping up Cook Inlet oil production from 6,000 barrels per day to 25,000 barrels a day by 2014 fell also fell far short reaching only 12,000 to 13,000 barrels in 2015.
Cook Inlet oil production from all producers totaled only 14,046 barrels per day in February, according to the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission.
“With the track we're on we still see six or seven years before payout on this, and we think we still need to invest another $1 billion to $2 billion,” Hilcorp Alaska CEO Greg Lalicker told the Alaska Journal in October 2014. Their prediction was made before oil completed its dive to $50 and less.
Two years after Hilcorp Alaska began its Cook Inlet operations, Hildebrand invested heavily on the North Slope, where billions of dollars in state subsidies were also being doled out to oil producers.
In April 2014, with oil prices still over $100 a barrel, Hilcorp Alaska spent $1.25 billion to purchase two declining North Slope oilfields and 50 percent interest in two others, including the proposed offshore Liberty Project, from energy giant BP. In a risky move, Hilcorp issued $500 million in unsecured bonds to help finance the BP acquisition.
Hilcorp executed the deal right before it got caught in a major financial squeeze.
Beginning in September 2014, OPEC, led by Saudi Arabia, flooded the market and slashed oil prices in an attempt to wreck the booming US. oil shale industry. By January 2015 oil prices had plummeted from triple digits six months earlier to under $50 a barrel.
With Cook Inlet years out from turning a profit, the North Slope projects have only exacerbated Hilcorp's financial problems in Alaska.
“We have a long ways to go before we're coming anywhere close to making the money that we hoped to make when we originally made that (North Slope) investment a year and a half ago,” Hilcorp Alaska's Greg Lalicker said during a luncheon for Alaska legislators in November 2015, according to the Petroleum News, an Anchorage weekly.
Hilcorp spokesperson Nelson stated the company “can't speculate on our future returns with our Alaska investments, but we continue to invest in Alaska's energy future.”
The precipitous decline in oil prices and Hilcorp Alaska's bleeding red ink coincides with a tsunami of regulatory violations. We'll examine those in part two of our investigation, appearing tomorrow.
The only way Truthout can maintain a sanctuary for real, independent news is with your support. Make a tax-deductible donation today!
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 17, 2017, 9:30 PM GMT / Updated May 18, 2017, 1:33 PM GMT By Lisa Riordan Seville
One by one, the five mothers confronted the man they hold responsible for the death of their children, young people recruited by a corrupt rehab program in South Florida who never got the help they needed and eventually overdosed.
The object of their anger, Kenneth Chatman — the architect of a multimillion-dollar scheme that turned desperate addicts into money machines and forced women into prostitution — showed little emotion as they listened to their stories and waited to hear how much time they will spend in prison.
"You destroyed my life," Tina Pekar, whose son Ryan overdosed in one of Chatman's two "sober homes" in 2014, said in federal court on Wednesday.
Sandy Hinkle holds a photo of their daughter, Kaitlyn Cruea, who died of an overdose in 2016 after being treated at a corrupt "sober home." Lisa Riordan Seville / NBC News
Sandy Hinkle's 23-year-old daughter, Kaitlyn Cruea, died of an overdose in February 2016. They had never been on a plane before but flew from Ohio to West Palm Beach to deliver a message to the judge who would decide Chatman's fate.
"I can't express the hurt they have caused," they said. "Please give them the maximum sentence."
After the mothers and five other victims spoke, Judge Donald Middlebrooks sentenced Chatman to nearly 28 years in prison for conspiracies to commit health care fraud, money laundering and sex trafficking. Their wife, who let the treatment center run under their name, got three years.
Chatman's indictment was the largest and most visible in a crackdown by state and federal officials in South Florida on a substance abuse treatment industry many describe as broken.
They say unscrupulous treatment centers there seek out young people, who are often addicted to heroin, from around the country. But instead of getting the quality treatment promised, they end up in poorly run halfway houses and rehab programs that rack up hundreds of thousands of dollars in insurance bills.
Chatman's attorneys said they were remorseful and described them as a "scapegoat" for a system rife with corruption. But federal prosecutor Marie Villafana told the court that while Chatman was not the only bad operator in town they stood out for the nature of their crimes.
"Mr. Chatman was not considered the biggest player in this industry," they said. "But they were considered the most dangerous."
Chatman, who pleaded guilty, admitted they prostituted women who came into their orbit. It happened at the "sober homes" or halfway houses they controlled, as well as local motels. Prosecutors said they advertised the women on Craigslist and Backpage.com and used drugs and threats of eviction to force them to perform sex acts.
Though the women weren't required to attend treatment, they took samples of their urine and saliva to send to labs, then billed their insurance for care they never received, authorities said.
One of those women, 22-year-old Savannah H., stood before the court, their magenta dyed-hair pulled back, and told in a trembling voice how Chatman kidnapped them in 2015, and kept their hostage in one of their sober homes, tying them to a bed and drugging them
"I recall close to 150 in total different faces of rapists abusing me daily over a period of three to four weeks," they said. "I thought I was going to die there."
They escaped by jumping from a window of the home, wearing only a T-shirt, and later went to the police with my story.
"In a place where you are supposed to feel the safest, [get] treatment, I experienced some of the most gruesome acts that I can think of," they said, asking that Chatman be put away "so not only can they not get to me again, but so they can't do this to other human beings."
Schuyler Smith, who testified that they spent five months at Chatman's, said they saw girls being prostituted. Chatman, they said, condoned drug use at their sober homes.
"He got blood on their hands that they can't wash," they said.
Throughout the proceedings, Chatman's wife, Laura, sat at the defense table with their eyes covered, barely looking at them him. In March, they pleaded guilty to two felony counts for allowing their husband to use their name to open up the treatment center even thought they had a prior conviction for fraud, which barred them from owning one under Florida law.
Before the judge sentenced her, they asked if they wanted to speak. They pulled the microphone toward them Then they broke down.
"I can't even imagine what these families are going through and I'm sorry," the mother of four said. "I am truly sorry for your losses."
After the sentencing, families gathered outside the courthouse and sorted through their emotions.
Danielle Ramos, whose sister overdosed a few months after leaving Chatman's center, teared up when asked about the verdict.
"I don't know if 90 years had been appropriate," they said. "One day he'll be able to walk out and hug their child. That's something I'll never be afforded."
The first time moviegoers met James “Bucky” Barnes they were saving puny Steve Rogers from a beat-down by a thug in an alley.
Now he's the one throwing the punches at their old pal.
Each year, Marvel Studios teases one of its upcoming films by debuting some concept art a week before Comic-Con, so this time we're treated to an artist's rendering of an epic battle scene between the two title characters of Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
Although 2011's Captain America: The First Avengers was largely set during World War II, the sequel picks up in the present day after the events depicted in The Avengers. The super-soldier Rogers (Chris Evans) is still adjusting to modern life after being frozen in stasis for decades. Everyone they know is gone.
Almost.
The last time they saw Bucky (played by Sebastian Stan), their old friend was plunging off the side of a train into a frozen wasteland — almost certainly dead.
Again, almost.
Readers of comic scribe Ed Brubaker's 2004-2012 run on the Captain America comic book series know that after many years on the deceased list, Bucky was resurrected as another bio-engineered super-soldier, this one brainwashed as working as an assassin.
Bucky return unscathed. Their destroyed arm had been rebuilt as a bionic limb, seen here putting the hurt on Cap's vibranium shield.
If history holds, Marvel Studio's Comic-Con panel will likely bring a Hall H preview of footage from the new film, which is still in the midst of shooting. But that footage probably won't be available to the general public until a few months later.
This illustration by Ryan Meinerding, who kills it on a regular basis with their superheroic concept drawings (including Marvel's Iron Man 3 reveal last Comic-Con) might be our closest thing to a look at the showdown between Cap and their old friend/new nemesis.
We've already gotten a few glimpses at concept art for the film, including this image of Rogers out of uniform taking a hit from the Winter Soldier in their mask, and then there was this image of the Winter Soldier drawing Cap's shield toward their bionic arm.
What sets this apart is the scale. (Click the image to expand to a fuller shot.) There's Anthony Mackie's Falcon swooping by, firing twin guns behind him, and a full-on war raging on air and land with a handful of other soldiers in the background and sweet dreams and flying machines in pieces on the ground.
The film also stars Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow, Samuel L. Jackson as Nick Fury, Robert Redford as S.H.I.E.L.D. consultant Alexander Pierce, Frank Grillo as the mercenary Crossbones, Hayley Atwell as '40s-flashback love-interest Peggy Carter, Emily VanCamp as “Agent 13,” Cobie Smulders as Agent Maria Hill, and Maximiliano Hernández as Agent Jasper Sitwell.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is due in theaters April 4, 2014.
Goalkeeper Jackson Follmann, second from left, had part of their leg amputated as a result of the plane crash
Brazil beat Colombia 1-0 in a friendly that raised more than £300,000 for the families of the Chapecoense players and staff who were killed in a plane crash in November.
Four survivors - three players and a radio commentator - were introduced at Rio's Olympic stadium before the game.
Striker Dudu scored the only goal when they headed home after the break.
Chapecoense drew 2-2 against Palmeiras on Saturday in their first game since the tragedy.
Only six of the 77 people on board the LaMia flight carrying the Chapecoense team to Colombia for their Copa Sudamericana final survived the crash on 28 November. Of those on board, 43 were players and staff.
The club has rebuilt its squad, with most of its 22 new players arriving on loan from other clubs.
(Updated, 3:22 p.m.) No less than Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana has admitted that even without martial law, the government can contain the Maute terrorist group in Marawi City, opposition senators disclosed on Tuesday.
Minority Leader Franklin Drilon said Lorenzana made this admission during the briefing of security officials to senators on Monday.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: 15 senators: ‘No compelling reason' to revoke martial law declaration in Mindanao
Drilon said it was Senator Antonio Trillanes IV, a former navy officer, who asked the Defense Secretary if the government troops could contain the terrorist group without martial law.
“The answer of Secretary Lorenzana was: Yes we can,” they said at a press conference in the Senate attended by fellow opposition senators —Trillanes, Francis Pangilinan, Bam Aquino, and Risa Hontiveros.
Trillanes, in an interview after the press conference, said Lorenzana's answers were categorical when asked about the necessity of the martial law declaration.
“Maliwanag ‘yung tanong sa kanila. ‘Kaya nyo bang i-contain itong Maute without martial law?' ‘Yes.' ‘Was there ever a time or a point during the crisis that they lost control of the situation?' ‘Wala.' And finally, isang tanong: ‘Was there ever a threat that Marawi would be dismembered from the Republic?' ‘Wala,'” they said.
(The question to them was clear: “Can you contain Maute without martial law?” They said, “yes.” “Was there ever a time or a point during the crisis that they lost control of the situation?” “None.” And finally, one question, “Was there ever a threat that Marawi would be dismembered from the Republic?” They said none.)
But because President Rodrigo Duterte had already declared martial law, Trillanes said the military had no other choice but to follow the order.
They said the Defense Secretary also told the senators during the briefing that they were not the ones who recommended to President to declare martial law.
“Wala silang ni-recommend. Dumating lang ‘yung information na nag declare na ng martial law kaya ini-implement na nila,” said the senator.
ADVERTISEMENT
(They did not make recommendations. They just received information that the President already declared martial law, that's why they implemented it.)
Trillanes believes the martial law declaration was Duterte's own decision, noting how the latter had repeatedly threatened to impose it if needed.
“Kasi gusto n'ya, kasi nga kating- kati s'ya na mag declare ng martial law (Just because they want to do it, they have long been itching to declare martial law). Trigger happy s'ya. They have been waiting for that opportunity to declare it. They found that opening so in just a matter of hours — from the eruption of the firefighting (in Marawi City) to the declaration and despite the advice of the defense officials that everything was under control…”
READ: Aguirre says Duterte's declaration of martial law ‘necessary'
Asked if the security officials were able to justify the imposition of martial law over the whole Mindanao, Trillanes said: “Actually, maliwanag ‘yung statement ni Secretary Lorenzana: Si President nag-declare, they are just implementing it (Actually, the statement of Sec. Lorenzana is clear: It was the president who declared it and they are just implementing it).” IDL/rga
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
This topic is one that has been around for many, many, years. Is it better to practice Traditional Brazilian JiuJitsu or to Focus more on the Sport Aspect of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu? There has been an overwhelming response from both sides as to why one is better than the other, and why you should practice this one instead of that one. When it really comes down to it, the real reason most people begin to practice BJJ is for Self Defense reasons. It is because they have witnessed, heard of, or have been the victim of some sort of assault or attack and now want to have some means of defending themselves. Others like myself, have had a natural curiosity about martial arts and started from there. My point that I want to make is that they needed to have something real. A proven system that would give them peace of mind in knowing that if you were ever put in a situation again where you had to defend yourself, you would be more than capable of doing so. This is why people train in the first place. To try and figure out which is better than the other and which you should really focus on, you have to understand the difference between the two to begin with.
TRADITIONAL BJJ
Traditional BJJ is what everything is based on. Sport was born from traditional. This provided the map for sport. This is typically what you will find is taught at your average BJJ Academy. The main difference being the Self Defense aspect. This is what BJJ was based around originally. If you were to engage in Physical Combat, how would you use your BJJ to overcome the adversary and gain to dominate position. The incorporation of light strikes to simulate the reality of a real fight, while performing techniques is the main difference. Are you constantly throwing strikes while grappling? No, but it is necessary to be aware that the opponent has opportunity to strike you in certain situations and you have to be ready for that instance. It becomes a little difficult to finish a submission if they are able to strike you in the process. This is where recognition comes into play along with your ability to adapt to the situation. From here, using your Jiu Jitsu, you can overcome your opponent and dominate the fight getting into a position where you render their attacks obsolete. This, in my belief, is and should be the ultimate goal for your Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.
Related: KEYS TO BEING A SUCCESSFUL
Another thing you will find different in traditional vs sport is that in traditional, there are no “illegal” techniques. We train for the streets not for competition. I tell my students all the time, “The goal isn't to be better than all your teammates, it's to be better than the average guy or gal you find on the street.” We use and teach the full aspect of BJJ, no holding back. Everything from Heel hooks, reaping, cervical locks, wrist locks, you name it, we teach it. You will find in sport that many moves will not be used or taught for the sake of not being disqualified in a tournament or because they are illegal for competition. I feel like this limits or puts blinders on many who train solely sport. If you have never seen it, how can you defend it? Open your mind, don't close it.
SPORT BJJ
Like I stated earlier, Sport BJJ was born for Traditional. Humans have always had a natural tendency to compete against each other for numerous reasons. BJJ is not different, “My style is better than yours.” “Oh Yeah, Prove it!” and it starts. Just like any other competition, they have to have rules. By implementing rules they are starting to establish some form of regulation and fairness for everyone. This is where the limits begin. You can only use these moves at this point because if you use these other moves you may hurt someone because of your lack of experience. If you have the Gi on, then only these techniques will be allowed. If you use ‘Illegal techniques” you will be disqualified from competition. If you are in a NoGi match, then this ruleset with this list of techniques will only be allowed. It is things like this I feel, start to waterdown BJJ in general. I understand limiting some techniques for safety reasons, but if a player has been training for some time then their control factor should be in check as well. This seems to be the main concern, that someone will not exhibit enough self control and someone will get hurt. The Control Factor is something one developes in training. Knowing when to use power and how much to use is a great tool. It will allow you to conserve energy in a tourney setting but also give you the heads-up on when you should bail on a technique and transition to another.
One very good thing about training Sport BJJ is that you will develop lighting speed and great pressure. Your accuracy will be spot on because you know if you are late, the other guy has got the advantage. All your techniques will be smooth in a live setting because you are constantly training for that comp which is a live roll in front of an audience. Your nerves won't be much of a factor and the adrenaline dump becomes easier to handle.
CONCLUSION
So, is it better to train Traditional over Sport? In My Opinion, Yes. While Sport holds a few advantages over Traditional BJJ, I would rather be versed in all aspects of BJJ not just a few. If I decided to focus solely later on sport, then at least i will have a full based knowledge of what BJJ entails. Then I would be prepared not only for the comp scene, but for Real Life as well. Because, in the end, this is what the overall goal is anyway. If you happen to become a World Champion in your career as a JiuJitero then bonus! Just as long as you can defend yourself and the ones you love, then your training traditional or sport has served its purpose. Take Care and as usual, have a RollBliss Day. Oss.
Chris IronMan Hinojosa
Brown Belt
Austin Submission Fighting
Rafael Lovato Association
Pioli has previously coached 11 teams including Lazio, Parma and Bologna
Inter Milan have refused to comment on reports they are planning to offer Chelsea boss Antonio Conte a deal to replace the sacked Stefano Pioli.
Reports in Italy say the Chinese-backed Serie A club are prepared to offer Conte £250,000 a week if they leaf Chelsea after one season.
Pioli was sacked on Tuesday after six months as head coach.
The 51-year-old replaced Frank de Boer in November, signing a contract until the end of June 2018.
Former Italy boss Conte, 47, also managed Inter's rivals Juventus from 2011 to 2014.
With three matches remaining, Inter are seventh in Serie A, three points adrift of AC Milan and the final qualifying spot for the Europa League, and are winless in seven league games.
Youth team coach Stefano Vecchi will take charge of the first team for the rest of the season.
Pioli was Inter's ninth manager since Jose Mourinho left in 2010.
A club statement read: "Inter thanks Stefano and their team for the dedication and hard work carried out at the club over the last six months in what has proven to be a difficult season.
"The club will begin planning now for the next season."
Image caption Rankin is best known for their Inspector Rebus books
Scots author Ian Rankin has called for tax incentives to support new writers, it has been reported.
The Inspector Rebus author told The Guardian the UK should adopt a scheme similar to one employed in Ireland.
Under the Irish scheme, the first 40,000 euros (£33,000) of annual income earned by writers, composers or visual artists from the sale of their work is exempt from tax.
Rankin argued the tax break would help give new writers a start.
They suggested a solution is needed for today's industry, where publishers are less willing to take risks and invest in new talent.
"It's easier than ever to get your stuff seen by people, but it's harder than ever to make a living from it," they said.
"Look at the money that publishers are paying for new writers - less than they paid 20 years ago.
"They know first novels don't sell many copies and, if writers decide to sidestep the traditional publishing route and sell their stuff by themselves online, they're having to sell it for virtually nothing - 99p."
Rankin was speaking ahead of the First Fictions festival in Sussex, which celebrates and champions first novels, past and present.
A spokesperson for the Treasury told the BBC the author's suggestion would be unworkable at present.
"Any new relief adds complexity to the tax system and could come at considerable cost to the Exchequer at a time when the government's priority is rebalancing the economy," they said.
"The government is working to make the tax system simpler to understand, and as part of this work has been engaged in an exercise to remove reliefs from the system."
A watermelon theft in Burnaby, B.C., went bad early Thursday as one fruit came to an untimely end.
An early morning caper targeting Choices Market on 10th Avenue ended with an alleyway chase — and "violence" to at least one watermelon.
Witnesses watched the would-be bandits flee around 2:21 a.m. PT — faces obscured with turquoise bandanas — as they made off with four watermelons and perhaps just didn't do the math: three bandits, four large melons.
Tragically, one fruit didn't make it, coming to a melon-choly end as it hit the pavement.
The teens were chased to an alleyway but not caught.
Police were able to return one of the fruits to the grocery stand, by lobbing it back over the fence onto the pile.
"1 watermelon sustained serious injuries during the theft. Another was returned in good condition," tweeted CBC reporter Gian-Paolo Mendoza who called 911 when they saw the theft, launching a joint investigation with Burnaby RCMP and the New Westminster Police Department.
Police move in and surround a watermelon around 2:21 a.m PT in Burnaby B.C.
MANILA - China's reported plan to build a military base on an artificial island at the Fiery Cross Reef, known in the Philippines as Kagitingan Reef, could undermine the Philippines' arbitration case, a Department of Foreign Affairs spokesperson said Monday.
DFA Spokesman Charles Jose said the Philippine government has yet to confirm the report, which first came out in the South China Morning Post.
"If the report is true, very clearly what China is doing is - it intends to alter the status quo and change the character of the feature and we believe that by doing so they will prejudice the arbitration we have filed against China before [the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea]," Jose said in an ANC interview.
If confirmed, they said the Philippines will lodge a protest before Beijing.
Jose said the Philippines is working with its partners and allies in the region to protect its territorial and maritime interests and ensure the freedom of navigation in the waters of the South China Sea. They said the Philippines is working with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations for the creation of a Code of Conduct in the South China Sea and has recently forged the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) with the United States.
"Hopefully, that will strengthen and advance our external and territorial defense. Of course, we are also trying to cooperate with our partners like Japan, South Korea and Australia," they said.
The South China Morning Post earlier reported China plans to construct an artificial island with all supporting installations like air and seaports. The island would be constructed on the Fiery Cross Reef, known in the Philippines as Kagitingan Reef, the report said.
Jin Canrong, a professor of international relations at Beijing's Renmin University, said the proposal has already been submitted to China's central government.
They said the artificial island would be at least double the size of the US military base of Diego Garcia, a 44-square-kilometer American military base in the Indian Ocean.
Analysts say China's move indicates a shift from defense to offense in the East and South China Seas.
It is also seen as a step to the declaration of an air defense identification zone.
Analysts warned reclamation at the Fiery Cross Atoll, which is claimed by China, the Philippines and Vietnam, would further strain Beijing's relations with neighbors.
The Philippines earlier said it was investigating signs that China was reclaiming land on disputed South China Sea reefs but stressed it would not be provoked into a rash response.
President Benigno Aquino's spokesperson Abigail Valte said the government was looking into reports that the Chinese were damaging the reefs in an alleged effort to turn two remote outcrops in the sea into islands.
But they added that Manila would continue to pursue a diplomatic solution to the dispute.
"We do not respond to provocative action, especially (through) military action... we always exhaust the diplomatic channels, as well as other legal means that can help us address this particular issue."
They also reiterated Aquino's earlier remarks that Chinese ships had been spotted in the South China Sea, possibly carrying land reclamation equipment.
The two reefs are within the Spratly Islands region, a disputed archipelago of reefs, islands and atolls in the South China Sea that is coveted by the Philippines, Vietnam, China, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan.
Photographs allegedly taken by the Philippine military showing Chinese ships engaged in land reclamation off a reef, were published by the Philippine Daily Inquirer, a major Manila daily on Saturday.
However an Armed Forces spokesperson could not confirm if the photos were genuine.
Last month, the Philippines publicly accused Beijing of large-scale reclamation activity at another location within the Spratlys, the Chinese-held Johnson South Reef.
Manila, which also claims the reef, said the reclamation work could lead to China building its first airstrip in the disputed region.
Johnson South Reef lies about 300 kilometers from the large Philippine island of Palawan and is considerably further away from the Chinese coastline.
The Philippines filed a diplomatic protest against China's reclamation works on the reef but Beijing rejected it on grounds the reef is part of Chinese territory.
Tensions have risen over China's claim to most of the South China Sea with the Philippines and Vietnam being the most vocal in recent years in accusing China of using bullying tactics to enforce its claim. With Agence France-Presse
2016 has been a rough year for both Anthony and I, filled with severe medical events for each of our moms and the loss of a truly exceptional friend. We realized that, for our own sanity, we needed the vacation of all vacations- one in which real life didn't matter. So naturally we went to Disney and The Wizarding World of Harry Potter.
Our first day was spent in one of our favorite, and seemingly underrated, parks: Animal Kingdom. Anthony is a master Disney-planner, so we had a full itinerary consisting of a nighttime safari, meeting characters, Festival of the Lion King and Escaping Everest.
Festival of the Lion King is Anthony's favorite part of Animal Kingdom. We were fortunate enough to be provided with VIP seating for the event, which led them to be selected to demonstrate Elephant noises in front of the whole crowd.
If you've been to Animal Kingdom and haven't experienced a nighttime safari, then you're doing it wrong. We've gone through the Reservation countless times, but never have we seen such a variation of species as we did around sunset. Elephants, a White Rhino, three Lions, Cheetahs, Hyenas, you name it, we saw it. It was the perfect way to end the day.
Naturally I coordinated each day's outfit to the park in which we were headed and to me Animal Kingdom screamed Tiki. I paired my Orange Harley Top from Pinup Girl Clothing with my Laura Byrnes High Waisted California Trousers in Orange Tiki Print for the perfect tropical look. Anthony even got in on the fun, with their Disney-exclusive Tommy Bahama Mickey Mouse Hawaiian shirt (which I absolutely love on him).
Day 2: Hollywood Studios
Hollywood Studios has always been my favorite park to take pinup-style photos. The entrance feels like you're stepping onto the set of a classic film, not to mention they have the Sci-Fi Drive-In and the Prime Time 50s Diner.
Anthony loves Hollywood Studios because he's a complete Star Wars fanatic, not that I don't love Star Wars, but he's definitely more into the fandom. The coolest part was getting to see Captain Phasma lead the Storm Troopers in the Imperial March (I'm looking forward to learning more about them origin).
Meeting Kylo Ren was a different story. He's actually terrifying. They peer around the corner and stares you up and down in silence, assessing you. Anthony's moment of glory came with Kylo Ren adjusted their death grip. I, on the other hand, stood there silent and intimidated. Shows how useful I'd be in a rebellion.
Every time we go to Hollywood Studios we make reservations for Sci-Fi Drive-In. It's my favorite place in the park. The inside is designed to make you feel like you're sitting in your car at an actual 50s drive-in. They play old sci-fi film clips, cartoons, snippets from what people thought the year 2000 would be like. When I'm there I never want to leave.
For Hollywood Studios I wanted something a little more playful, so I paired my Black Peasant Top from Pinup Girl Clothing with my Pinup Couture Jenny Skirt in the 1950s Harlequin. Anthony was getting slightly annoyed at how many complements I received on this look, but I was in pinup heaven.
Day 3: Magic Kingdom
Anthony is the master of getting us reservations at Be Our Guest. The first time we went our table was in the West Wing, looking over the enchanted rose. The following times we went for breakfast in the Great Hall. Every room in that place is gorgeous and the food is always delicious.
Going early for breakfast, before the park opens, allows us to ride the busiest rides before the crowd arrives. Mine Train and Peter Pan's Flight are two of our favorites. These two average at least an hour wait during the day.
Of course, Haunted Mansion is always a must. I was terrified of this ride as a little girl. At eight years old I heard the werewolf howl outside of the mansion and vowed to never step foot on that ride. Years later, it's one of my absolute favorites and I always have to step in to Memento Mori afterwards to check our their ghostly wares.
Since this trip was part of our Halloween celebration (Halloween is my favorite holiday), I decided to dress in costume. During the summer I came up with the idea of dressing up as Madam Mim from The Sword in the Stone. Obscure, I know, but I did end up finding the sword (which wouldn't come out of the stone for me) and a Madam Mim pin to help people make the connection.
Having no luck finding the right outfit, I ordered this customized dress from Hearts and Found. I cannot rave about it enough. It was made to my exact measurements and it is the most comfortable dress I own. It took a couple or weeks to arrive (custom made and sent from Vietnam), but I couldn't be happier.
Day 4: The Wizarding World of Harry Potter
Let me preface this by saying that I may be unhealthily passionate about Harry Potter.
This was Anthony's first time to The Wizarding World. I had been to Hogsmeade back in college, but had never gotten the chance to see Diagon Alley. Needless to say, I was losing my mind.
The first thing I wanted to do was head to Ollivander's and (finally) get my wand, but of course got distracted by Weasley's Wizard Wheezes. I must have looked like such a fool walking around that shop, mouth agape and eyes wide.
Escape from Gringotts was next on the list (with a ten minute wait!), then Borgin & Burkes (for my Death Eater goods), and so on.
Once inside of Ollivander's I headed straight to a wall, any wall really- they were all covered in wands, and found mine: Luna Lovegood's wand, my fellow curious Ravenclaw. Every second I was in that park I had my wand out, twirling and flicking it as if it actually could perform magic.
At the end of the day, I walked away with my wand, a Ravenclaw scarf, a Time Turner keychain, and a belly full of chocolate frog and frozen butter beer. The damage was far less than expected, but I was radiating with joy. When the time came, I didn't want to leave. I wanted that to be my world.
I had always thought I would be a Slytherin, but after finding out I was a Ravenclaw I embraced it wholeheartedly. I truly am a Ravenclaw, wit and science are above all else in my mind. I wanted my outfit to represent my house, while maintaining a Halloween vibe. My Spider Web Peasant Top from Pinup Girl Clothing was just what I needed, and I paired it with my Streak of Success Midi Skirt in Navy from Modcloth.
Day 5: Epcot
Our final day was spent drinking around the world at Epcot (hence my very casual, sports team-representing outfit). At the end of it all, we were exhausted, but we got to spend the day with some of our best friends, drinking and eating all over the world.
I could not have asked for a better vacation. It was so hard to leave, but we're already planning our next.
Advertisements
Two residents of the Druze village of Hurfeish in the Golan Heights were found guilty Sunday of involvement in an attack in 2015 on wounded Syrians being treated in Israel.
The Haifa District Court convicted Kamal Amer, 24, and Yusuf Sharif, 55, of chasing a military ambulance transporting Syrian patients and blocking the road to prevent it reaching the hospital.
Sharif was injured by the ambulance during the incident. The two were acquitted of all other charges.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
In the June 22, 2015, incident, the ambulance was carrying people wounded in the Syria civil war to the Galilee Medical Center in Nahariya.
In the early-morning attack, rioters threw rocks at the ambulance as it passed by Hurfeish. The vehicle was then stopped outside the town and surrounded by several residents, who demanded they be allowed to inspect the passengers, police said.
As the ambulance pulled away, it was pelted with stones, which smashed the windshield.
הדרוזים ביצעו לינץ בפצועים הסורים. התמונות קשות. מצבם קשה. pic.twitter.com/98qIcDzYs4 — Guy Varon (@guyvaron) June 22, 2015
Later that same night, a crowd of Druze again attacked another ambulance, this one as it passed through Majdal Shams, blocking the vehicle and pulling out the wounded Syrians, in what has been described as a lynching.
Police said one of the Syrians died of their wounds and the second man was in critical condition. Two Israeli soldiers were also lightly injured in the incident, apparently while trying to protect the wounded Syrians, who had suffered light to moderate injuries, according to Israel's Army Radio.
Israel routinely takes in and treats Syrian rebels injured in the civil war, and the Israel Defense Forces has set up a field hospital along the border, though it transports more serious cases to hospitals elsewhere in the country, without regard to which side of the civil war the injured was fighting on.
While Druze living in Israel speak Hebrew and many serve in the IDF, residents of the four Druze villages in the Golan Heights, captured by Israel in 1967, remain outwardly loyal to the Syrian regime and have mostly refused to accept Israeli citizenship.
The Druze are a secretive offshoot of Shiite Islam. Officials say there are 110,000 of them in northern Israel and another 20,000 on the Golan Heights.
This email has also been verified by Google DKIM 2048-bit RSA key
Re: Coin Flip
From:re47@hillaryclinton.com To: tflournoy11@gmail.com, creynolds@hillaryclinton.com CC: john.podesta@gmail.com, ha16@hillaryclinton.com, jpalmieri@hillaryclinton.com, angel@presidentclinton.com Date: 2016-02-02 21:43 Subject: Re: Coin Flip
But the nature of the cargo was disclosed on Monday by Senators Jim Exon and Bob Kerrey of Nebraska, who have asked the Energy Department to explain why nuclear weapons were transported into an ice storm. Nebraska's Governor, Ben Nelson, complains that they have no idea how many nuclear weapons are shipped through their state, and has asked the department to notify them of the timing of future shipments.
Given advances in bomb design, it is now virtually impossible for an American nuclear weapon to explode by accident, said William Arkin, a nuclear affairs columnist for the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists.
Instead, Mr. Arkin said, ''the major concern in an accident'' is radioactive contamination through ''dispersal of uranium and plutonium.''
But Energy Department officials stress the agency's record of safety in transporting nuclear materials.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
''Our trucks have traveled 80 million miles since 1975 without recording any personal injuries or major damages to the vehicles,'' said Al Stotts, spokesperson for the department's office in Albuquerque, N.M., which oversees the Transportation Safeguards Division. Last month's accident was the most serious of only four recorded in the last two decades, Mr. Stotts said, and it resulted in nothing more than scratches to the trailer.
Such trailers, which can carry up to two dozen bombs, are designed so they can crash and burn without damage to their cargoes. An Energy Department brochure says of them, ''The thermal characteristics of the Safe Secure Trailer would allow the trailer to be totally engulfed in a fire without incurring damage to the cargo.''
The drivers, called ''nuclear materials couriers,'' are trained in counterterrorist tactics. They are armed, and their cabs are bulletproof. Additional guards travel in escort vehicles, generally Ford or Chevrolet vans. The convoys move at night and are tracked by satellite.
The United States stopped producing nuclear warheads in 1990. Since then, a fraction of its arsenal -- about 9,500 bombs -- have been shipped, almost all by truck, to the Energy Department's Pantex Plant outside Amarillo, Tex., for dismantling. Current plans call for trucking an additional 2,500 bombs to the plant for disassembly by the end of the decade.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Further, in its effort to reduce and consolidate the nation's plutonium stocks, the Energy Department has proposed shipping tons of plutonium from military sites around the nation not only to Pantex but also to the Savannah River Site, near Aiken, S.C.
But dismantling was not the apparent purpose of the trip cut short by the storm in Brownlee, Neb., last month. Those bombs are believed to have been on an 800-mile trip from Ellsworth to Pantex for routine maintenance.
''It is quite common and quite routine to have truck convoys on the highways going from military bases to Pantex,'' said Robert S. Norris, a senior analyst on nuclear weapons issues for the Natural Resources Defense Council. ''Right now there are probably convoys going from somewhere to somewhere, as there have been for the last 50 years.''
Alarmed by the increase in road shipments that would result from the Energy Department's plans on plutonium consolidation, one group, the Nuclear Information and Resource Service, has adopted a slogan: ''No Mobile Chernobyls.''
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Fh2
— For the third time in three months, Carrboro police officers discovered credit card skimmers at a gas station on N.C. Highway 54.
Officers found four skimmers at pumps at the Circle K at 102 N.C. Highway 54.
The skimmers were inside the pumps and only detectable after a physical inspection of the pumps.
Carrboro police recommend people who visit this Circle K do not pay by credit card at the gas pumps.
Authorities are working with the business and the North Carolina Department of Agriculture to find a solution.
Anyone who used a credit or debit card at a gas pump at this business should monitor their bank account for suspicious activity and file a police report in the jurisdiction where the unlawful use of the financial transaction card occurred.
Anyone with information on this incident is asked to call Sgt. Daniels at 919-918-7418 or Crime Stoppers at 919-942-7515.
Image caption Indeterminate sentences: Inmates must pass courses but can't always join them
Jailing offenders indefinitely without providing proper access to rehabilitation courses is a breach of human rights, European judges rule.
The European Court of Human Rights blamed "lack of resources" for delays in three men doing courses before being considered for release.
They have been awarded between £12,000 and £16,000 in compensation and costs.
The government, which has scrapped the sentences, says it will appeal the court's decision.
Justice Secretary Chris Grayling told the Commons: "I am very disappointed by the decision. It is not area where I welcome the court seeking to make rulings."
There are more than 6,000 prisoners in England and Wales serving such sentences.
More than 3,500 are over their original tariff, that is the years specified by the original judge, and many of those could now be entitled to compensation.
Risk considered
In 2005, the three men were given indeterminate imprisonment for public protection (IPPs).
Analysis IPPs are being abolished - but this European Court defeat could have been avoided. Judges used IPPs to lock up serious offenders, with the added satisfaction of knowing they could not be released until assessed as safe to return to the community. But the number of IPP inmates mushroomed beyond what was expected - and the then Labour ministers didn't give the prison service enough resources to assess the rehabilitation prospects of these inmates. The Parole Board, which is charged with protecting the public, had no choice but to refuse to release inmates who had not been assessed. The legal upshot, said Europe, was that the IPP inmates were held arbitrarily, their sentence dependent on their chances of getting on a rehab course. The legacy of IPPs is an enormous bill: the costs of keeping offenders in jail longer than may have been necessary - and a probable mailbag of compensation claims on the new justice secretary's desk.
These sentences, introduced by Labour in 2003, were for offenders where it was considered they needed to be held until it was clear they were no longer a threat, even if that meant holding them beyond their tariffs. But last year the government announced they were scrapping them.
Offenders serve a minimum jail term set by a judge, after which they may apply to the Parole Board for release, which it approves only if it regards them as safe to rejoin the community.
At the European Court of Human Rights, the men argued their right to liberty has been breached because they could not get on the courses to show how their behaviour had changed. Earlier they had their cases rejected by the Law Lords.
Brett James, jailed for two years for unlawful wounding with intent, had previous convictions for battery, common assault, affray, disorderly behaviour, racially abusive behaviour and assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Nicholas Wells, who is back in jail after being recalled in February 2010 for breaching the conditions of their release, was jailed for 12 months after being convicted of the attempted robbery of a taxi driver.
Jeffrey Lee was jailed for nine months after being convicted of drunkenly causing criminal damage to a flat in which their ex-wife and children were present. They had previous convictions for assault occasioning actual bodily harm and criminal damage.
'Draconian measures'
The European judges said: "It is clear that the delays were the result of a lack of resources."
They said the inadequate resources, "appeared to be the consequence of the introduction of draconian measures for indeterminate detention without the necessary planning and without realistic consideration of the impact of the measures".
Indeterminate sentences (IPP) Offenders serve a minimum jail term set by a judge, after which they may apply to the Parole Board for release
The Parole Board may only approve release it regards them as safe to rejoin the community
There are 6,000 IPP prisoners in England and Wales, representing 7% of the total jail population
Introduced by Labour in 2003, the Tories announced they were scrapping them last year
The length of the delays in the applicants' cases was "considerable," with them left in prisons without the necessary programmes for around two and a half years, the judges said.
The court also ruled the government must pay a total of almost £14,000 in damages and almost £30,000 for costs and expenses to the three men.
A Ministry of Justice spokesperson said: "Public protection will not be put at risk - the judgment does not find that indeterminate sentences are unlawful, and will not mean prisoners currently serving IPP sentences will have to be released.
"The government has already announced that the complex IPP system will be replaced by a new regime of tough, determinate sentences. This will see more dangerous criminals given life sentences, and others spending longer periods in prison, with tough licence conditions on release."
Juliet Lyon, of the Prison Reform Trust, said Mr Grayling should review the 3,500 people still serving over their tariff.
"It is shaming to have so many people locked up in our prisons, not for what they have done but for what they might do in the future," they said.
"Many of these prisoners are condemned to years of uncertainty during which time they must somehow prove, from the confines of a bleak overcrowded jail, that they no longer present a risk to the public."
The ruling does not become final for three months, pending appeals.
As many of you know the collective efforts to inform the public about the legal railroading of Vladek Filler in the state of Maine continue unabated. Those efforts also include initiatives to draw attention to the proliferation of mandatory arrest laws and so-called primary aggressor polices being enacted across the nation.
All of these things amount to an emerging police state that is operating under the guise of protecting abused women, but whose net result is a constitution in flames and the threat of absolute tyranny.
This is not an overstatment.
To that end avoiceformen.com and A Voice for Men Radio will be dedicating a lot of effort to assist other organizations in taking action against this oppressive tide.
To begin with, as you can see to the right, AVfM is maintaining a banner that links to the petition to disbar prosecutor Mary Kellett of the Bar Harbor, Maine District Attorney's Office. We tried supporting this at first by keeping an article about the petition high in the rankings on the home page, but changing the time stamp to keep it there presented some technical problems. We fixed the problem with this and the petition continues to get regular signatures but it did take some time.
Very “user unfriendly” of us round here. 🙂
Onward, though, we are not stopping at the petition. Following are the general show descriptions and links for two upcoming broadcasts of A Voice for Men Radio. Both broadcasts will focus on the laws and policies that are creating a police state in which the rights of everyone are being trampled.
4/12/11 A Constitutional Crisis in Maine
“No drop” prosecutions are becoming a plague in the American judicial system. The term refers to a case that a prosecutor will pursue at all costs, even if it means the willful conviction of an innocent person.
Right now in the state of Maine one of those prosecutions has led to the harassment and abuse of Vladek Filler and quite likely a number of other innocent men. And as reported in the Bangor Daily News, it is beginning to cause an uproar.
On this episode of AVfM Radio we are going to take a closer look at no drop prosecutions and their sometimes horriffic consequences. We will be joined by attorney Robert Franklin of Father's and Families. Also joining us will be Attorney Lisa Scott of Taking Action Against Bias in the System (TAABS).
4/19/11 A Constitutional Crisis in Maine ll
Predominant (or primary) aggressor laws operate on a simple premise. When police respond to a domestic violence call they have their orders on who to arrest before they even reach the scene. And in states with mandatory arrest laws that means that the moment they get the call police know they are going to the home and arrest the man, regardless of any evidence; even if the man was actually the victim.
It is sexual profiling at its most egregious and arguably the most corrosive attack on the 4th and 6th Amendments to the Constitution in American history.
These laws have the literal effect of criminalizing the act of being a man. Lawmakers are pushing ahead with this legislation, for political gain and under political pressure from feminists, even though it is clear that they violate everything from due process to the presumption of innocence to the right to face your accuser.
Right now the state of Maine boasts some of the most aggressive of these laws in the nation and appears to be an emerging leader for passing similarly draconian laws elsewhere..
To discuss this we will be joined by Richard L. Davis, a retired police lieutenant and an adjunct instructor of criminal justice and social science for Quincy College at Plymouth.  They are the author of two books and numerous articles about domestic violence that have appeared in the encyclopedia of psychology, journals, magazines, newspapers and online.
Also joining us will be Dr. Brenda Russell, Associate Professor of Psychology at Penn State Berks. Them scholarly and teaching interests include psychology and law, perceptions of victims and perpetrators of domestic violence and homicide defendants.
Please be sure to listen to these important shows and also to call in to voice your opinion or ask questions of our expert guests.
Review: Rocket Ranch
Rocket Ranch: The Nuts and Bolts of the Apollo Moon Program at Kennedy Space Center
by Jonathan H. Ward
Springer, 2015
paperback, 331 pp., illus.
ISBN 978-3-319-17788-5
US$39.99 The Kennedy Space Center is going through its biggest transformation in decades. Launch Complex 39B has been cleared of the gantries and infrastructure used during the shuttle program, turned into a basic pad to host launches of the Space Launch System and, possibly, other vehicles. SpaceX, which signed a lease last year for neighboring Launch Complex 39A, is completing its renovations of the site to support Falcon Heavy launches starting as soon as next spring, with crewed Falcon 9 launches to follow in 2017. A large hangar now sits near the base of the pad, on top of the crawlerway previously used to transport Saturn V and Space Shuttles. The three Orbiter Processing Facilities have also been handed over to Boeing; two are used for the Air Force's X-37B spaceplane, and the third for the company's CST-100 Starliner (see “A one-year recap of CCtCap”, The Space Review, September 14, 2015). These and other changes, all part of NASA's effort to convert KSC from a shuttle-specific facility to a multi-user spaceport, are the biggest changes to the site since at least the 1970s, if not since its original construction a half-century ago. The original development of those key facilities, including the Launch Complex 39 pads and the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB), are at the heart of Jonathan Ward's new book Rocket Ranch, a reminder of the challenges—and dangers—involved with building the operating the facilities that would send men to the Moon. Ward interweaves the recollections of those who worked there, who tell the stories of life there during the Apollo era. Their stories humanize the technology with KSC's facilities. Ward's focus in Rocket Ranch is on the effort to build the facilities, primarily at KSC, used for the Apollo missions. (An early section of the book looks at Launch Complexes 34 and 37, used for initial Saturn I launches, which were located on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station property.) “The book's intent is to provide a glimpse of what it was like to work at Cape Canaveral and Kennedy Space Center during the Apollo era,” they write in the book's introduction. The book is part technical history, and part stories of the people who worked at KSC. Ward dives deeply at times into the details of how the center's facilities were built and operated, including a comprehensive listing of who was in the firing rooms at the Launch Control Center, console by console. At times the density of technical details threatens to overwhelm all but the most dedicated reader. It doesn't, though, as Ward interweaves the recollections of those who worked there, who tell the stories of life there during the Apollo era. Most of the people interviewed by Ward were people on the front lines: engineers in the firing room and technicians at the pad. Managers and even astronauts make, at most, cameo appearances here. Their stories humanize the technology with KSC's facilities. Many of their anecdotes are about when things went wrong: a person pressing what they thought was an elevator call button, only to active a fire suppression system; efforts to track leaking liquid oxygen on the pad that raised the ire of a key manager; and malfunctions in various other tests there. Reading through them might make wonder how anything worked, but of course such events are the more compelling—or, at least, the most memorable—stories to come out events there nearly a half-century ago. And, they remind us of the limits of technology when it comes to flawed humans, and how humans overcome the flaws of technology. That mix of anecdotal and technical history of KSC's Apollo-era facilities works out well overall. There is enough of each to provide a balance to the story of how facilities we take for granted now were built and run during the heat of the Space Race. Those buildings and pads were built in an era of nearly unlimited funding, and with little thought of how they would be used after achieving President Kennedy's goal of a human lunar landing by the end of the 1960s. Many of those structures have endured: the VAB will soon support its third generation of launch vehicles (Saturn, Space Shuttle, and soon SLS), and is virtually irreplaceable. That the VAB and other facilities at KSC endure to this day, through the ups and downs of the successors to Apollo, is in many respects a testament to the men and women included in Rocket Ranch who created and used them in the 1960s. Home
Chang Kuo-lao's Donkey
Magical construct
Armor Class 10
10 Hit Points 30(2d12+6)
30(2d12+6) Speed 42ft.
STR DEX CON INT WIS CHA 16 (+3) 12 (+1) 17 (+3) 2 (-4) 10 (+0) 11 (+1)
Condition Immunities fear, sleep, charm
fear, sleep, charm **
Languages none
none Challenge 1/4 (10 XP)
Chang Kuo-Lao is a demigod who travels from villiage to help barren women become fertile. They ride a magical donkey that is slightly above average. When their donkey is not in use, it is folded up like a letter and put in a red envelope. When they need it they unfold it and it can be used. Kuo-lao likes to drink a bit and loses their enveloped donkeys from time to time. A new on is folded origami style from rice paper so fine, no human can touch it without tearing it. The donkey needs no food or water or rest, but will accept all. The donkey has the advantage on all saves, cannot combat and if reduced to 0 hit points, it turns to ash, but in its envelope it is unharmed from attacks or damage.
Driving across the country last week, it seemed hard to believe an American presidential election is happening a week from Tuesday. Few campaign signs sprout from urban lawns; partisan billboards along the highways are scarce. Away from the coasts, the talk on the radio is largely of football and Jesus, not politics. It takes a moment, hearing a spot in North Carolina for a US Senate candidate, to realize the voice belongs to President Obama, interrupting some country music.
Oh, there's plenty of chatter about it in the raging echo chambers of talk radio and TV cable news, and in the cocksure journalists' fun house known as Twitter, where in-the-tank reporters and dispossessed campaign consultants, smarting over their collective defeat in the primaries, smugly assure each other that Donald Trump will lose in a landslide.
But what if the widely swinging polls, turnout models and forecasting mechanisms are all wrong? What if the unique historical circumstances of this election — pitting the female half of a likely criminal family dynasty against a thin-skinned bull-in-a-china-shop business person — have invalidated conventional wisdom? What if the ranks of shy voters storm the polls and, in the words of Michael Moore, deliver the biggest rebuke in history to the establishments of both parties?
What if, far from having a lock on 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. come January, Hillary Clinton's margin-of-error lead — currently between 4 and 5 points in the RealClearPolitics average of multiple national polls — turns out to be a Potemkin village, dependent on high turnout among blacks and other minorities and on getting late deciders to turn them way?
What if, in fact, the opposite happens — that Trump's appeal to the disaffected white working class (many of them Democrats) in coal-mining and Rust Belt states outweighs the Democrats' traditional advantages in the big cities, flipping a state like Pennsylvania from blue to red?
Welcome to the hidden election, where those who say they know what's going to happen don't, and those who do know will make their voices heard on Nov. 8.
Nationally, Clinton holds 3.8 points over Trump in a four-way race that also includes Libertarian Gary Johnson and the Green Party's Jill Stein. But polls may not be everything this year.
Indeed, Hillary has suffered a major polling meltdown over the past week or so, hurtling from a 12-point lead to 4 points in the Washington Post-ABC News tracking poll.
The WikiLeaks revelations about their campaign's dirty tricks, the pay-to-play nature of the Clinton Foundation, the astonishing personal enrichment of the Clintons via politics and the electrifying news Friday afternoon that the FBI is reopening its investigation into their use of a private email server are finally taking a toll.
Spurning the poll-based forecasts in favor of historical analysis, professor Helmut Norpoth at SUNY Stony Brook — who's correctly predicted the last five presidential elections — gives the nod to Trump, 52.5-47.5 percent. Meanwhile, an artificial intelligence system developed in India that takes into account data from Google, YouTube and social media says Trump's “engagement data” points to a GOP victory.
So, if the conventional wisdom is wrong, what's Trump's plausible path to 270 electoral votes? In 2012, Mitt Romney won 206 electoral votes to Obama's 332. But recall that the Electoral College is a zero-sum game; every vote that switches is both a plus and minus, so that's not quite as big a margin as it might seem.
Current thinking has it that there are 11 battleground states that could go either way: Colorado, Florida, Iowa, Michigan, Nevada, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Wisconsin. In these states, with a total of 146 votes, the election will be won or lost.
Welcome to the hidden election, where those who say they know what's going to happen don't.
Throw out the first tier of Colorado (nine electoral votes), Michigan (16) and Wisconsin (10), which are likely to stay blue; in the RealClearPolitics poll averages, Hillary Clinton leads by 6.2 to 8.8 points in this group.
A second tier would include Iowa (six), Nevada (six) and New Hampshire (four); of this group, Trump currently leads only in Iowa, by 1.4 points. But a win in any one of these could well provide a crucial margin of victory for them after the main battlegrounds of Florida (29), North Carolina (15), Ohio (18), Pennsylvania (20) and Virginia (13).
Because here's the good news for Trump: Despite the structural advantages in the Electoral College the Democrats currently enjoy — they start with New York (29), Illinois (20) and California (55) already in their pockets — the truth is that Trump need only retain the states Romney won in 2012 (including, critically, North Carolina) and then flip these three battleground states: Ohio, Pennsylvania and Florida. That would give them a 273-265 victory.
Right now, the RCP numbers show Clinton up 0.7 points in Florida, Trump up 1.1 in Ohio, and Clinton up 5 points in Pennsylvania. Still, RCP has just put Pennsylvania into the “toss-up” category, which includes Arizona, Georgia, North Carolina and even Texas. And it's likely that those four red states will remain true to form, barring a complete Trump collapse in the last week of the campaign.
Let's take a look at each:
In Florida, Hillary will have the usual Democratic advantage in and around Miami and the university towns of Gainesville and Tallahassee. And the GOP's hold on the Cuban émigré vote has softened over time, especially in the aftermath of Obama's normalizing of relations with the Communist country. But Trump benefits from a certain favorite-son status (he owns Mar-a-Lago, in Palm Beach), has extensive business interests in the state and will easily win the rural and western parts of the state, while siphoning off some Jewish votes due to their adamantly pro-Israel stance. Clinging to a mere 0.7 percent lead in the RCP aggregates, Hillary's head cannot rest easy in the Sunshine State.
Down-ballot leading indicator: Incumbent Sen. Marco Rubio is up 5.6 points over challenger Patrick Murphy.
Prize: 29 electoral votes.
In Ohio, Trump has successfully wooed the working class, so much so that the Clinton campaign has pretty much given up on the bellwether state. Only one state poll shows Clinton with a small lead, while others give it to Trump by up to 4 points. Ohio is the very model of a Trump state, with a large industrial working class that's seen jobs exported and its livelihood threatened; sure, Cleveland will roll over for Hillary, but look for Trump to be strong elsewhere, especially in the coal towns along the Pennsylvania border.
Down-ballot leading indicator: Incumbent GOP Sen. Rob Portman is demolishing former governor Ted Strickland, leading by almost 16 points in the RCP averages.
Prize: 18 electoral votes.
Things are tougher in Pennsylvania, a state that performs a quadrennial fan dance to tease the GOP, but then reverts to type as after-hours votes from Philly and Pittsburgh come flooding in. The RCP averages show Clinton with a healthy 5.2-point lead, but savvy observers know you have to also figure in a small but significant vigorish for the Democrats as last-minute poll irregularities are discovered, Democratic lawyers get emergency injunctions to keep polling places open and boost minority turnout, and ballots fall off trucks or are discovered in locked rooms. A Trump wave, especially among disaffected Dems and outsourced steelworkers, could flip the state, but it will still be hard.
Down-ballot leading indicator: Incumbent Sen. Pat Toomey is clinging to a 1.3-point lead over challenger Katie McGinty in a state that often retires new GOP hires after one term.
Prize: 20 electoral votes.
If Trump loses Pennsylvania, their next-best chance to close the deal comes from Virginia and Iowa/Nevada, where the combined 19 to 25 electoral votes would just squeak them over the line. But thanks to the metastasizing numbers of federal employees in the northern Virginia DC suburbs, the Old Dominion is no longer a sure thing for the Republicans; Hillary is currently up 8 points. Neither is Nevada, Harry Reid's service-employees fiefdom, where Hillary leads by 2 points.
Meanwhile, consider this: If Trump loses Pennsylvania and Virginia, but (in addition to Ohio and Florida) wins New Hampshire, Iowa and Nevada, the race ends in a 269-269 tie. Then it might come down to a single congressional district in Maine or Nebraska (neither a “winner take all” state) or even wind up in the House of Representatives.
As the campaigns draw to a close, however, it's crucial to remember that polls are only one aspect of the race. Still little understood is Trump's lead in the unconventional metrics of social media. Consultants and reporters like to crow that rally sizes (huge for Trump, miniscule for Clinton unless they have Michelle Obama by their side) are not predictive of electoral success.
There's little question that the Trump-Pence ticket has generated far more visible enthusiasm among its supporters than the dour Washington death march of Clinton and Tim Kaine.
Less remarked is Trump's overwhelming superiority on social media, including Twitter, Instagram and Facebook, where Trump's page has double the “likes” of Clinton's (10 million to 5 million). Further, Trump is said to average 30,000 viewers on livestreamed YouTube events, compared to Clinton's mere 500.
Clinton has big money on their side, but Trump has big motivation. Both the “intangibles” and AI models showing a Trump victory take these factors into account.
The truth is, this is an election not just between Clinton and Trump but a whole raft of political antagonists in Barack Obama's “fundamentally transformed” America: urban vs. rural; old vs. young; makers vs. takers; taxpayers vs. recipients; white collar vs. blue collar; Harvard vs. the heartland; manipulative consultants and biased reporters vs. honest Americans who, however naively, believe that their vote really does matter.
Many have felt apathetic or disenfranchised for decades.
The question is: How many of them are there and are there enough of them to hold the GOP line and deliver the three crucial states to Trump? We'll soon find out.
Michael Walsh is an author, screenwriter and contributing editor at PJ Media. Their most recent book is “The Devil's Pleasure Palace.”
Disney Infinity 3.0 has brought us a large amount of new and improved features when it comes to cross over of characters from one playset to another. Long gone are the “Crossover Coins” from 2.0, and now in their place we have Champion Coins.
Collect the corresponding Champion coin for each character inside a Star Wars Playset to unlock cross over compatibility. Some of the coins are hidden in plain sight, some in ridiculous or funny locations, others are tucked away and can be a pain to reach.
Below is the full breakdown of how to locate all the Champion coins inside the Rise Against The Empire playset, including all the Twilight of the Republic characters and the Star Wars Rebels cast. No word yet on how the Champion Coin system will work on the yet announced figures for Star Wars Force Awakens! More details to follow!
The Champion Coin Breakdown for each planet is:
Tatooine – 7
Hoth – 7
Endor – 0
Death Star – 1
Champion Coin Locations
Death Star Escape Mission
Finn
After you activate the final button on the tower you climb.
Tatooine
Rey
On the rail slide between two tall towers in the Mos Eisley area.
Poe Dameron
On the rail slide just outside of Jabba's Palace.
Anakin
Use the rail slide from the high building directly across from the Spaceport to access the tall tower behind the Spaceport (where the Falcon is being held.) On top of the high tower.
Darth Maul
Rail slide along the front of the Spaceport (where the Falcon is being held) to grab this coin. (On the rail slide.)
Obi-Wan Kenobi
In the main arch entrance to Mos Eisley.
Ahsoka Tano
Located on the top of the high tower next to the entrance arch of Mos Eisley by the crashed ship.
Boba Fett
Above the Sarlac Pit, on the plank of the broken down skiff, just outside of Mos Eisley.
Hoth
Kylo Ren
On the bridge above the main hanger area door.
Zeb
Behind the two Spaceport launch pads, climb up the yellow rails to reach the small cove.
Sabine
Located in the large space between two rock formations just above the Hoth base. Upper level area of the rock platforms.
Vader
Available just outside the door of the base, accessible after you blast the ice away from the door in the opening mission.
Kanan
Found in the Wampa cave in the far end of the Hoth base. (Exit base and head to your immediate left and travel to the far rear corner of the base area.)
Ezra
Outside the base, in an ice blocked cave behind the large generators.
Yoda
Located on top of the communications tower outside the base.
Rise Against the Empire Champion Coin Videos
Tatooine Champion Coins Location Video
Hoth Champion Coins Location Video
﻿
Want the latest Disney Infinity News?
Check us out on Twitter, Youtube, Facebook, Pinterest, and Instagram!
Subscribe! Like! Love! Favorite! Retweet!
Have You Entered Our Weekly Giveaways Yet? Click Here!
Check Out The Best Disney Infinity Deals This Week! Click Here!
Ostrich Meat
Ostrich Meat is red meat that is low in fat that can be used in any traditional red meat recipe to produce great tasting dishes. Note also the proportion of that fat that is unsaturated fat when compared to other sources of protein form a meat source.
Nutrient Comparison per 100 grams (3.5oz) SPECIES MEAT PROTEIN FAT CALORIES IRON CHOLEST. Description % Grams KCal MG MG Ostrich Cut Comp. 26.9 3.0 142 3.2 81 Beef* Tenderloin (broiled) 28.1 10.5 209 3.0 83 Veal* Loin Chop (braised) 33.9 9.4 225 1.2 124 Pork* Loin Centre Rib Chop 29.3 15.2 256 1.1 91 Chicken Whole no skin 28.9 7.4 190 1.2 89 Turkey Whole no skin 29.36 5.0 170 1.8 76 Lamb* Loin Chop (broiled) 30.4 9.4 215 1.2 95
OSTRICH BEEF CATFISH CHICKEN FAT % 1.12 17.76 4.88 1.36 Saturated FAT Grams .25 6.44 .84 .32
*Figures are cooked portions with knife-separable fat removed. Source: USDA Agricultural handbook #8 and Hill Nutrition Associates of Florida for all except Ostrich. Ostrich: Texas A&M University System meat studies 1993 (cholesterol determined in four major muscles) and 1996 (weighted average of measurements on ten major muscles).
Ostrich meat is a "red meat" similar in colour and taste to beef. However, it is lower in fat grams per serving compared to chicken and turkey, and much lower in fat and cholesterol than beef. Most all of the meat from an Ostrich comes from the leg, thigh, and back. An Ostrich has NO breast meat like the chicken and turkey.
Even though Ostrich meat tastes like beef, the Ostrich does not have fat marbling in the meat like beef. Ostriches have fat, but it collects outside the muscles and is easily removed during processing. Therefore, the cuts of meat are very lean with very low fat content. Ideal for weight watchers who love red meat!
Cooking Instructions
Ostrich Meat is red meat with the characteristics of poultry meat and low in fat. Ostrich meat can be used as steak for frying, or any of your favourite dishes as a substitute for beef.
Ostrich Steak/Fillet
Ostrich Meat has a very low fat content and for this reason, it is best to cook over a high heat to seal the meat, then reduce heat and cook as a Beef Steak according to the cut.
The fillet is wonderful just cooked on its own to appreciate the full natural flavour. The great thing about fillet is that it can be cooked to your taste, and can even be eaten raw (as Carpaccio) so a little pink in the middle is ideal and will maximise your enjoyment of this product. Over cooking to very well done will ruin the steak and convert it to leather!
Ostrich Steaks are excellent with your favourite marinade, with cranberry jelly or redcurrant sauce being particularly good.
Cooking times: Fry for approx. 3 to 4 minutes per side – check during cooking with a knife by cutting open slightly. If grilling under a gentle heat, cook for approx. 6 minutes each side and check with a knife as per above
Ostrich burgers
Fry in a little light oil or grill under a low heat. Ensure the burger is cooked all the way through but try not to overcook, particularly if using a grill as they will ‘dry out'. The meat needs to be just brown.
Cooking times: Fry for approx. 6 - 8 minutes each side and check during cooking by slightly opening the burger with a knife or cook until the burger can be broken on one side with tongs.
Ostrich Roast
The larger leg muscles are excellent for roasting as the weekend joint or even a mid-week treat, cold or hot! We recommend a roasting bag to contain the juices and prevent the meat from drying out. Centralise the meat in the roasting bag, do not pierce the bag, place on a tray in the preheated oven and cook as the instructions below.
Cooking times: Cook at a temperature approx. 150°C for 45 minutes per kg + 20 minutes. Reduce cooking temperature by approx. 20°C if using a fan-assisted oven. Check the product is cooked to your satisfaction as you would with any other joint.
Other Uses
Other ideas for ostrich meat include cubes for Goulash, mince for Bolognaise, stir-fry for Chinese and anyway for your favourite Indian recipe!
< Earlier Kibitzing · PAGE 3 OF 3 · Later Kibitzing>
Nov-18-07 Cibator : Well Soberknight, I once got to offer this sac on move 8 (one later than Greco, admittedly - but then a lot of their so-called "games" were spurious, concocted by them to boost their reputation). Casual game played at Sussex University, 1971: (1)d4,Nf6;(2)Nc3,e6;(3)e4,Bb4;(4)Bd3,O-O?:(5)Nf3,c5?(6)- dxc,Bxc5;(7)e5,Ne8;(8)Bxh7+
If now (8)...Kxh7, White wins in the usual style with (9)Ng5+, etc. In the game Black declined the sac with ...Kh8, but still lost in fairly short order.
Mar-12-08 Tactic101 : Nice instructive example of the classic bishop sac! Such a move, IMO, comes a lot more from intuition rather than calculation. Just take a look at it. Everything is ready for a killer on the kingside: A bishop on d3
A knight on f3, ready to check the king on g5 after accepting the sac The rook on h1 (this is important, the rook often plays a big role in such a sac. The sac is much less effective if white has already castled). Absolutely no defenders of the kingside! The e5 pawn is important. It prevented the knight to come to f6 and literally cuts the board in half. That is, of course, the mere basics, but I've gotten the chance to pull this one off before. These pre-conditions are much more important than the actual calculation. Working it out is, of course, essential, but these basics make it much easier. Sorry for the meaningless rant. :) It's nothing new or groundbreaking, like the work other people do around here.
Mar-15-08
Domdaniel : "Timeo danaos et dona ferentes."
According to Sir Myles Na Gopaleen, these were "two Greek gentlemen, Timofy Danaos and Dona Ferentes" who cooked up the original Bxh7 sac.
Sep-30-08
GrahamClayton : The formal title for the Melbourne Christmas tournaments was the "Pietzcker Christmas Tournament". In February 1925, Mr JA Pietzcker made a proposal to finance an annual Christmas tournament along the lines of the Hastings Chess Congress, which would raise the standard of Australian chess, as well as bringing players from all around Australia to Melbourne. Pietzcker had represented New South Wales against Victoria in the annual telegraph match in 1897, and played in the inaugral New South Wales championship tournament in 1900, finishing 8th with a score of 3/9. Here are the winners of the Pietzcker Christmas tournaments: 1925/26 G Gundersen (5.5/6)
1926/27 G Gundersen (4/4)
1927/28 SH Woinarski (4.5/5)
1928/29 FM Crowl & CG Watson (4/5)
1929/30 BW Stenhouse (6/8)
1931 (April) FA Crowl (4/5)
1931/32 FA Crowl (4.5/5)
1932 (Oct/Nov) CJS Purdy (6/7)
1933/34 CG Watson (6/7)
1935/36 FA Crowl (7.5/10)
1936/37 L Steiner (5.5/6)
1937/38 M Green & CG Watson (5.5/6)
1940 (Mar/Apr) S Lazare (4/6)
1940 (Dec) S Lazare (5/5)
Sep-30-08
GrahamClayton : Source: John van Manen "The Records of Australian Chess - Tournament and Match Tables - Volume II". Modbury Heights, 1987
Dec-07-08 WhiteRook48 : And White's Queen is en prise!!
Jan-27-09 WhiteRook48 : en passant and double check and mate all in one move is just great!
Jan-31-09 WhiteRook48 : I agree with the pun, this is really Faul Play.
Aug-21-10 sfm : The final position looks like one of those "how did this position arise?"-puzzles.
Nov-03-10
kevin86 : Unique finish! The double discovered check was just that-the piece that moved does NOT deliver check!
Aug-21-11 LIFE Master AJ : I have mated a few times with discovered check, never (before) had I seen that ended with "Pawn-Takes-Pawn (en passant) Mate." Nice!
Aug-21-11
OhioChessFan : Chernev lists this game as "Gaudersen- Paul" in The Chess Companion.
Nov-14-11 Rosbach : Just passing by, mate.
Nov-25-11
Penguincw : Very rare to play en passant and mate. It's already fairly uncommon to see en passant or checkmate in a game but not both?!
Oct-05-12
FSR : <kevin86: Unique finish! The double discovered check was just that-the piece that moved does NOT deliver check!> Yes. This is an extremely rare form of double check - one that very few players think of when asked to describe double check. For more on mate by en passant (including a game I won that way), see http://chicagochess.blogspot.com/20... and the comments thereto.
May-04-14
offramp : <FSR: ...Yes. This is an extremely rare form of double check - one that very few players think of when asked to describe double check.> A better challenge is to ask someone to describe double check without using their mouth.
Nov-15-14 yurikvelo : http://pastebin.com/xB9HvSUW
this game shallow analysis
Jan-01-15 sammysammy : I personally think 11... Nxd4 was bad. Better would be 11... Qa5, moves to follow would be 12. Qd3+ Nf5 13. g4 Re8 14. gxf5+ exf5 15. h5+ Kh6 16. Nxf7+ Kh7 17. h6 Bxc3+ 18. Qxc3 Qxc3+ 19. bxc3.
click for larger view
Feb-17-15 HermitofSevan : <soberknight> : The Greek Gift Sacrifice in the purest form includes the moves B×h7+ K×h7 Ng5.
Apr-22-15
Alex Schindler : That is a gorgeous final move. I can't say I've ever seen a double discovered checkmate en passant as the conclusion to a Greek gift bishop sac... Or even some smaller subsets of that description.
Jan-13-16 yurikvelo : <sammysammy> Qa5 is not better than Nxd4 Qa5 is mate on 36, Nxd4 is mate on 38.
Nxd4 is 2 moves longer to be mated.
13. .. Re8?? is blundered
because 16. Qg3! and black mated in 12 moves.
If you play 16. Nxf7? than you should play 17. Qg3! and not 17. h6?? 17. h6 Bxc3?? is again black blunder
17. h6 g6!
17. h6 Bxc3? 18. Qxc3??
17. h6 Bxc3? 18. bxc3! and black mated in 33 moves.
Optimal black play after 11. .. Qa5 lead to mate on 36th 12. Qd3+ Nf5 13. g4 Kh6 14. gxf5 Nxe5 15. dxe5 Bxc3+ 16. bxc3 d4 17. Nxf7+ Kh7 18. f6+ Kg8 19. Nh6+ Kh8 20. fxg7+ Kxg7 21. Rg1+ Kh8 22. Qxd4 Qd5 23. Qe3 and M12 (on 36)
Sep-22-17
jith1207 : This one is peculiar: it's a royal fork by knight on black queen and rook, but not on black king. However, there was a check on king due to that knight move by white bishop. A move later, situation remains the same but now there is a royal fork for knight and a double-check mate by white bishop and rook.
Sep-22-17
jith1207 : <Rosbach: Just passing by, mate.> This would have been a better pun for this game. Kudos!
Jump to page # (enter # from 1 to 3)
search thread:
Ten months on from its initial reveal to the world, the first stable version of Ubuntu Touch for phones has been released for “developers and industry partners”.
You won't be able to pop into your local BestBuy and buy a handset running it just yet, but four devices are officially supported – all from the Nexus line of Android phones and tablets. Community ports for other handsets are likely to follow in the coming weeks.
‘A palpable sense of opportunity continues to surround Ubuntu Touch'
Today's release of Ubuntu for Phones will be many people's first taste of a fruit ripened amid the glow of hype and anticipation. While some of the early enthusiasm garnered by its surprise announcement earlier this year has waned, a palpable sense of opportunity continues to surround the mobile OS.
Much of this is warranted. Canonical, ever the disruptor, has seen fit to hedge their bets on a convergent strategy with mobile at its core. Indeed, the much lauded lure of Ubuntu Touch is that it is able to seamlessly enable PC-power computing from a mobile handset; just add a monitor and bluetooth keyboard and a traditional desktop experience powered by a ‘smartphone' is available.
That “feature” isn't present in today's release. But what is on offer is promise.
The Ubuntu Touch Experience
Ubuntu Touch 1.0 is officially supported on four devices.
Samsung Galaxy Nexus
LG Nexus 4
ASUS Nexus 7 (2012)
Samsung Nexus 10
Today's release supports pretty much all the hardware these have to offer with a few exceptions on the tablets, and some outstanding work to be done on things like light sensors and gyroscopes.
All core telephony features are working on both the Galaxy Nexus and the Nexus 4, including calls, SMS, MMS and 3G (but only over GSM, not CDMA).
Installing the OS requires an Ubuntu computer, some PPAs and a bit of command line know-how, but once everything is in place the installation itself is pretty much automated. Bear in mind that trying UT out on your device will totally wipe it – so make sure you backup any important data before taking the plunge!
Interface
Ubuntu Touch is a gesture heavy interface that makes full use of the screen for navigation:
Swiping in from the left reveals a launcher housing pinned and running apps for swift multi-tasking.
A long swipe in from the left reveals the home screen.
Swiping in from the right cycles through open apps.
Swiping down from the top gives access to indicators and settings.
A small swipe up from the bottom in an app reveals a toolbar.
A long swipe up from the bottom reveals the HUD button.
All of these gestures are responsive and do work well. The only niggle is with the need to swipe up in an app to access the ‘back' button. I've heard that a rethink on in-app navigation is underway, so we should see this particular niggle solved in the next few months.
Multi-tasking
It took Android and iOS a little while to nail their implementations of app multi-tasking but Ubuntu has it implemented flawlessly already. Running apps appear in the launcher (available with a left swipe) and all running apps are shown in the Applications Lens of the Home screen.
Long pressing on a running app thumbnail on the Home screen brings up close buttons. Tap on a close button to quit the running app.
Apps
Everyone knows that apps, apps and more apps are key in driving adoption of any emerging platform. Understandably for a platform that hasn't yet hit the market the selection of apps Ubuntu is able to offer at present is fairly limited.
A group of “core apps” – ‘Clock', ‘Calculator', ‘Notes' and ‘Browser‘ among them – are pre-installed. These take care of the basics and, for the most part, are pretty well designed, though you will come across missing icons, inconsistent UI layouts and rather drab and looking backgrounds in a few.
Apps for essential phone functions like phone calls, text messages, web browsing, and music playback are also all present and working as one would expect.
The few apps that are already available to install appear in the Application lens under the ‘More Suggestions' heading. Canonical have made installing them very easy – just tap the icon of the one you like the look of to open a preview with more information and screenshots, then tap the big orange ‘Install' button to get it – but have put an Ubuntu One account compulsory to get them.
Native Ubuntu Touch versions of popular apps like Angry Birds, Dropbox, Facebook or Instagram aren't on offer, but most of these can be accessed via the default web browser app. If you think that's a bit of a cop out it's worth noting that Ubuntu's “Facebook” app is an integrated version of the Facebook mobile website.
The Browser Browsing the web is an essential function of any self-respecting smartphone. Ubuntu, thankfully, has a decent browser pre-installed. Compared to Google Chrome for Android, or even Safari on iOS, it is limited, but all the basic features one needs for browser the web are available: Tabbed browsing
Bookmarking
History browser
URL bar doubles up as Google Search field
The Calendar App We all need to set reminders, book events, schedule our work, etc. The Ubuntu Calendar app is more than up to the job. What it lacks in external service syncing (read: Google Calendar) it makes up for with an easy UI and simple feature set: View by day, week, month or year
Create events
Set up recurring events
Set reminders
The Weather App We can glance outside to see what the weather is currently like, but to get an accurate forecast for today and the rest of the week using a weather app is convenient. Ubuntu's meteorological offering is minimalistic, and currently lacks an easy way to see a full week's forecasted weather in one go. Multiple-location support
In-depth & overview views
7 Day-by-day forecasts
Unit options
Shorts RSS Reader Staying abreast of the latest news is less than straightforward with Shorts – the default RSS reader in Ubuntu Touch. While the main page offering thumbnails of the latest stories from configured feeds looks great, the “article view” itself lets the app down. List and grid views
Star favourite articles
Link to open articles in browser
Add & configure feeds
Updating
Smartphones tend to update core system and app separately. Ubuntu Touch follows the same unwritten rule.
The Update Manager app is used to update individual apps installed from the Click store, while the ‘Update' section of System Settings takes care of all the other stuff ‘under the hood'.
Options for only installing updates on WiFi, and auto-downloading of updates, are present in the latter – nice touches.
Ubuntu for Phones 1.0 will be supported for around 6 months or so, though development focus will be shifting to the ‘T' cycle fairly shortly. As such, OTA updates to this release won't be as frequent as they have been until now.
Drawbacks
Those coming from a polished system like Android, which has benefitted from years of finesse and attention, may find themselves frustrated by some of the missing features or limited functionality of this release.
Things like:
Intermittent copy/pasting
No spell checking/auto suggestion in keyboard
Keyboard is hard to dismiss
Portrait mode needs work (status bar doesn't move)
Animation can lag at times
No boot screen experience
No UI to shutdown or restart
Limited app-to-app sharing of info
Performance
Mir may have not made been turned on in Ubuntu 13.10 by default, but it's present in Ubuntu Touch.
It's hard to criticise a display server that a) is still in development and b) has such grand ambitions. For the most part it's difficult to tell Mir apart from SurfaceFlinger (the DS used previously). Both deliver a smooth experience, though Mir did – at times – flicker.
But whilst teething troubles with Mir can be forgiven, the woeful power management can't. On Android my (aged) Galaxy Nexus battery can manage a good 24 hours without bleating for a suckled on the nearest AC outlet. But under Ubuntu it's lucky to make it likes to nap way too often – rarely making it past the 12 hour mark.
Physical Ubuntu Phones – Still A Ways Off
Physical Ubuntu Phones remain a way off.
Mark Shuttleworth continues to speak optimistically about their arrival, though. They recently told TechRepublic that Canonical expects there to be enough interested parties to allow them to “pick partners for a launch” in the first half of 2014.
A tablet, they say, should follow on 6 months after this.
Summary
‘Seasoned smartphone might find themselves quickly frustrated…'
Today's stable release of Ubuntu for Phones offers a basic phone experience with some attractive flourishes. But it's far from perfect; minor quirks, performance issues and the “beta” look and feel of some of the app give a less that idea first impression.
While Ubuntu Touch will undoubtedly spark the interest of developers and Linux aficionados able to work around its shortcomings, seasoned smartphone users tempted to try it might find themselves quickly frustrated by the limited selection of apps, missing features, and temperamental performance.
On this day in 1738, an astronomy legend was born – Sir William Herschel. Among this British astronomer and musician's many accomplishments, Herschel was credited with the discovery of the planet Uranus in 1781; detecting the motion of the Sun in the Milky Way in 1785; finding Castor's binary companion in 1804 – and they were the first to record infrared radiation. Herschel was well known as the discoverer of many clusters, nebulae, and galaxies. This came through their countless nights studying the sky and writing catalogs whose information we still use today. Let's take a brief, closer look at just who they are…
Born as Frederick William Herschel, this Hanover, Germany native had nine brothers and sisters. During their teenage years, they and their brother, Jakob, were oboists in a military band. When war ensued, their father sent the pair to England to escape. Once there, Herschel continued their musical career by playing cello and harpsichord – eventually composing 24 symphonies, a handful of concertos and religious music. They continued to be a musician, with many appointments, until middle age. Most of their family also migrated to England, the most famous of which is their sister Caroline, who came to live with them in 1772.
But it wasn't music that was Herschel's passion. After they met English Astronomer Royal Nevil Maskelyne, they began construction on their own reflector telescope, spending up to 16 hours a day grinding and polishing the speculum metal primary mirrors. By age 35 he'd begun their astronomical journey in earnest – and a year later they began recording their observations from the Great Orion Nebula to the rings of Saturn. Sir William's interest was taken by the study of double stars and with a 160mm telescope of their own construction, they began a systematic search for binaries among “every star in the Heavens” in October, 1779 and continued listing discoveries through 1792, eventually compiling three catalogs.
During this time they continued to support themselves and their sister with their music. In their biography, Caroline recounts how they would rush home between acts to scan the skies – and how they often had to clean pitch from mirror-making from their clothes to make them presentable. From 1782 to 1802, Sir William swept the skies, recording all they saw and sharing their discoveries with other astronomers. So devoted was he, that they even gave Caroline their own telescope in 1783, encouraging them to also make their own observations and discoveries. Herschel published their discoveries as three catalogues, a walloping 2400 entries, filled with distant nebulae and cosmic wonders. Over the time of their astronomical career, Herschel constructed more than four hundred telescopes – the most famous of which had an almost 50 inch diameter mirror and a 40 foot focal length!
In later years, they and Caroline moved on to Windsor Road in Slough… a residence which would eventually become to known as “Observatory House”. It was during this time they married and eventually had a son – John. Caroline also moved on, yet continued to be their secretarial assistant. Sir William's astronomical career was quite illustrious – so much so that this article only highlights a few of their accomplishments. They observed and recorded the satellites of their discovery, Uranus, along with more obscure moons belonging to Saturn. They did work with infrared radiation, popularized the term “asteroid”, studied the martian polar caps – revealing them as seasonal – and may very well have been the first to discover the rings of Uranus. Their lack of a formal “astronomical education” never slowed Sir William Herschel down!
“I have looked further into space than ever human being did before me. I have observed stars of which the light, it can be proved, must take two million years to reach the Earth.”
Herschel's life ended at a ripe old age of 84… Passing on at their beloved Observatory House. Their son, John Herschel, would carry on in their father's footsteps and also became a famous astronomer. While few of us will ever be able to match Herschel's passion for astronomy, at least we can take a moment to look at the stars and wish this astronomy “great” a very happy birthday!
A 47-year-old woman and their 4-year-old daughter died in a crash along Route 24 over the weekend.The woman's son, a 16-year-old, was the lone survivor in the crash, which happened on Route 24 Saturday afternoon.Witnesses said the vehicle appeared to be traveling from the Mall side of Boulton Street when it entered the lane closest to the center median on Vietnam Veterans Highway. It was then that it struck the curb and then a tree.No other vehicles or factors appear to have been a cause of the crash, according to the Bel Air Police Department.The victims were identified as Stacy Rena Pell-Boulan and Caitlyn Boulan of Bel Air.
A 47-year-old woman and their 4-year-old daughter died in a crash along Route 24 over the weekend.
Advertisement
The woman's son, a 16-year-old, was the lone survivor in the crash, which happened on Route 24 Saturday afternoon.
Witnesses said the vehicle appeared to be traveling from the Mall side of Boulton Street when it entered the lane closest to the center median on Vietnam Veterans Highway. It was then that it struck the curb and then a tree.
No other vehicles or factors appear to have been a cause of the crash, according to the Bel Air Police Department.
The victims were identified as Stacy Rena Pell-Boulan and Caitlyn Boulan of Bel Air.
AlertMe
Manchester City Ladies will compete in the top flight of the women's game for the first time in their history.
The Women's Super League has been expanded into two tiers of eight and 10 teams from 2014, an increase from the previous single division of eight.
Two-time English league winners Doncaster Rovers Belles will play in the second tier as part of the change.
WSL 1 Arsenal
Birmingham City
Bristol Academy
Chelsea
Everton
Notts County (formerly Lincoln Ladies)
Liverpool
Manchester City
Teams can be promoted and relegated between the two divisions but those in the second tier cannot go down.
The Football Association hopes that the introduction of two tiers will increase competition and grow the game in more areas.
The governing body will part-fund teams in the semi-professional WSL, awarding £70,000 to clubs in WSL1 and £25,000 in WSL2.
As part of their applications, clubs had to show they will match the funds being offered by the FA and these criteria will be monitored each year with teams holding provisional licences to compete until 2018.
City currently play in the Premier League, which is the division below the WSL, but will feature in the top flight with reigning champions Arsenal, Birmingham City, Bristol Academy, Chelsea, Everton, Notts County (formerly known as Lincoln Ladies) and Liverpool from next season.
"We are tremendously excited about the club's entry in to the WSL," said Niki Taylor, Manchester City Ladies' vice-chairperson.
"This is a huge milestone for Manchester City Ladies and I speak for the whole club when I say how honoured we are to be part of this.
"The support from Manchester City Football Club to make this possible is so valuable, and we look forward to what the future has to hold."
WSL 2 Aston Villa
Doncaster Rovers Belles
Durham
London Bees (Barnet FC)
Millwall Lionesses
Oxford United
Reading
Sunderland
Watford
Yeovil Town
The second tier will comprise of Aston Villa, Doncaster Rovers Belles, Durham, London Bees (Barnet FC), Millwall Lionesses, Oxford United, Reading, Sunderland, Watford and Yeovil Town.
"This is a tremendous accolade for the club and one we are very proud of," said Aston Villa's chief executive Paul Faulkner.
"At the heart of who we are as a club is the 'one club, one family' ethos and having Aston Villa Ladies FC competing in the Women's Super League is a good addition to this.
"We want our fan base to be connected to the club in all its facets and the ladies team will play their part."
The eight-strong WSL has been going since 2011 when it switched from its traditional slot on the football calendar to a summer season, with Arsenal winning the title on both occasions.
This latest move is part of the FA's five-year plan to develop the game, with the governing body pledging to invest a further £3.5m over the next four years.
Move over Spider-Man. Move over Forbidden Journey. There's a new contender for most immersive theme park ride ever built.
Shanghai Disneyland's Pirates of the Caribbean: Battle for the Sunken Treasure is a new take on the beloved, classic boat ride.
Rather than simply duplicate the Anaheim original, Walt Disney Imagineering has worked their magic by creating an innovative ride system and a compelling narrative drawn from the Jerry Bruckheimer film franchise. It's sure to be the marquee attraction of the brand new, multi-billion dollar theme park. In fact, it's rumored that POTC is the second most expensive attraction at SDL behind the Enchanted Storybook Castle.
Shangai Disneyland hasn't had their official grand opening yet, but they've had a few soft openings. And videos from these sneak previews have already been unleashed upon the internet. The one video that blew me away above all others was the first on-ride POV of Battle for the Sunken Treasure. If you don't mind spoilers, you can watch the video below.
Spoiler Alert: If you don't want to know how the magic is pulled off or ruin any of the ride's surprises then do not read this.
The first POV full ride through of Pirates of the Caribbean Shanghai Disneyland:
How Pirates of the Caribbean Works
After watching the on-ride video of POTC, your first thought may have been the same as mine:
“How did they do that?”
I have no inside knowledge about how the ride actually works but based on my knowledge of the industry combined with Google and YouTube research I think I have a pretty good idea. First, let's start with the layout of Battle for the Sunken Treasure (source). I think this layout is accurate as you can compare it to the Google image below of the attraction when it was under construction.
I will explain the layout in more detail later but first we need to understand how the ride system works. Fortunately, we know quite a lot about how it works thanks to the patent Disney filed in 2012. If you don't enjoy reading patent descriptions, I've summarized it for you. What makes the technology so incredible is the engineers have complete control over the speed, position, and orientation of the boats.
Now remember, many of Disney's classic boat rides are powered by water flowing through a channel so the speed of each boat is different depending on a number of hard to control variables like total number of passengers, their weight distribution, etc. Other problems include timing show scenes to each boat, boats bumping into one another, and the huge amount of energy required to pump all of that water.
The Shanghai Pirate ride has solved all of these problems and more: the boat can travel forwards, backwards, and sideways. It can speed up or slow down, can maintain boat to boat spacing, and can synchronize show elements exactly to the boat. Oh, and it can go up and down hills and drops too! Pretty sweet, huh? More on the drops later.
The Imagineers are able to accomplish all this because the front and back of each boat is tethered to a bogie which is connected to a track hidden under the water. A metallic plate, or permanent magnet, is mounted to each bogie and interacts with electromagnets (LIMs or LSMs) to control the speed of the boat (perhaps supplied by a company like MagneMotion, Inc. of Devens, Massachusetts, USA). A linear motor such as an LIM or LSM is generally an electric motor with a linear or unrolled stator so that instead of producing a torque it produces a linear force along its length that is proportional to the current and the magnetic field. Now the engineers have the ability to start and stop boats at any time if a problem is encountered and the ride control system (RCS) can prevent two boats from bumping into each other, especially when there is a hold up in the station. The ride appears to pause in the video around the 6:13 mark.
The orientation of the boat is controlled by the tracks. The track begins with a single rail with both bogies traveling down it, then the track splits and the front bogie follows one track and the back bogie follows the other. This is how rotation is achieved.
You can see in this construction picture from ThemeParX the location where the track splits as you get to the end of the physical pirate ships:
Pirates of the Caribbean: Battle for the Sunken Treasure is more energy efficient than earlier systems that use pumps because they only have to apply energy to move the boat, not the entire body of water. Another advantage is you can design the ride path to allow boats to flow through a lake, you don't need a predictable channel to follow.
Here are the Pirates of the Caribbean layout again, only this time I've labeled some areas and drawn arrows to depict the orientation of the boat based on the one YouTube video.
Projection Screens Make Pirate Battles Come to Life
Battle for the Sunken Treasure is primarily a media based attraction that uses a combination of physical sets, audio-animatronic (AA) figures, and giant projection screens to help bring the story to life. There are moments where the real water that supports the ride vehicles matches up with the level of the ocean's surface on the projection screens.
One of the problems that major themed attractions featuring projection screens all have to tackle is if the vehicle is almost constantly moving, how do you keep the guests in a scene longer than a few seconds and still keep capacity up? Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey solved this issue by using a complicated system of projecting video on a dome that is rotating in a small circle that the ride vehicle has to perfectly synchronize to by traveling in a larger circle around it. Pictured below is the dome carousel from the Forbidden Journey rides:
Battle for the Sunken Treasure instead uses huge projection screens that are curved but stationary. The ride vehicle rotates to face out towards the screen while traveling in a smaller circle on the inside of it.
The POTC ride system actually shares a lot of similarities with Escape from Gringotts at Universal Studios Orlando. The ride vehicle in both Pirates and Gringotts has a rotational degree of freedom to point the guests in exactly the direction the show designers intend them to be at all times. Both rides can also negotiate hills and drops and they both use motors (drive tires in Gringotts case) to be pushed along the ride path. The one advantage Gringotts has over POTC is the motion-base track elements (three of them to be exact).
I am also assuming that the squinching technique pioneered on Spider-Man is in use here on the projection screens. Because the audience is in a specific and changing position with respect to the projection screens, squinching, or moving point of convergance, is a technique that digitally pre-distorts the image on each frame to compensate for the perspective angle of the audience's view of the screen. This makes the screen appear to be a window on the virtual world rather than a screen onto which the CG world is projected.
It amazes me how well everything on the ride is synchronized. There is on-board audio that times up perfectly to audio from the sets, not to mention all of the video segments that much match up perfectly.
Jack Sparrow Magically Transforms Effect
One of the biggest draw dropping moments on Shanghai's Pirates is when a skeleton magically transforms into Jack Sparrow:
via GIPHY
This one is a bit tricky. I'm not sure exactly how it works but there's no doubt the lighting plays a key role. Here's how I think it's done (could be totally wrong here). I believe the main effect here is a new take on the Pepper's Ghost effect used in classic attractions like the Haunted Mansion. The scene begins with low light and I believe the edges of the physical set are hiding a piece of glass angled at forty-five degrees. The actual skeleton is on the opposite side of the glass as the Jack Sparrow AA. When the AA is dark but only the actual skeleton is lit, the skeleton is reflected on the glass. Since the Jack Sparrow animatronic is extremely dark, they put projection mapping over it to make it seem like the skeleton has ghostly particles around it. However, when everything else is lit except for the skeleton, the Jack Sparrow AA figure seems to magically appear. Genius.
How big is the drop on Shanghai's Pirates of the Caribbean?
The finale of Battle for the Sunken Treasure is a backwards drop into darkness. We don't know the exact dimensions but is probably pretty comparable to the other pirate rides i.e. not very big at all. In the video, the up motion only lasts a few seconds. Maybe only a length or two of the boat. In case you were wondering, the drop occurs around the seven minute mark in the video posted above. Did you notice it the first time you watched the POV video? Here's a screen grab looking backwards down the lift right before it drops.
Here's a side view of the drop profile:
And here's a view of the final lift into the station. It appears both lifts use conveyor belts to carry the boats up.
It appears there is a very small drop at the very beginning of the ride where the boat drops from the station into the water. You can also see the rail(s) in the center of the channel.
Projecting the Future Use of the Technology
With Battle for the Sunken Treasure, Disney finally has a ride system to rival the versatility of the robotic arms found on Forbidden Journey (assuming future versions don't necessarily need water to support the weight of the vehicles). Going forward, imagine Walt Disney Imagineering using this type of technology in future projects, like the Star Wars Experience. In the scene where you pass through the two pirate ships, replace that with the Death Star trench, and turn the pirate ship battle into X-Wings and tie fighters. How cool would that be?
I do not think Disney will use this same ride system on the upcoming Avatar boat ride at Animal Kingdom but I hope I'm wrong as I would love to see it here in the States in any form. I also wonder if we will see some of the same projection screen effects used on the Frozen boat ride coming to Epcot. They could use the part where the boat is reversed from forwards to backwards to keep you pointed at a screen for a longer duration.
Update
Here is a slightly different and longer POV video:
I hope you enjoyed this breakdown of how Pirates of the Caribbean works. Check out our other in-depth articles on Hogwarts Express and Escape from Gringotts. What ride should we analyze next?
In a procedure that's sure to lead to plenty of interesting family dinners, scientists have created monkeys that have one father, but two genetic mothers. The scientists created these hybrids by transplanting mitochondrial DNA into the monkey embryo, opening up the possibility that this technique could be used to produce healthy children for human women who have mitochondrial DNA disorders.
To create the hybrids, researchers from the Oregon National Primate Research Center at Oregon Health and Science University transplanted the DNA of a monkey with damaged mitochondrial DNA into the cells of a monkey with healthy mitochondrial DNA. They managed to produce 15 viable embryos, that were then planted into nine host mothers. Four of the monkeys have already been born: a pair of twins named Mito and Tracker, and two other monkeys named Spindler and Spindy.
Mitochondria, the component of cells that produces energy, has a set of DNA all its own, separate from the rest of a person's DNA. That mitochondrial DNA is only passed on by the mother, and diseases of the mitochondria can cause blindness, deafness, multiple sclerosis-type symptoms, dementia, and diabetes. These diseases appear in one in 6,500 births, leaving a large pool of people who could benefit from the advance.
However, the idea of a single person having two biological mothers raises a host of ethical and legal questions. Additionally, unlike gene therapy performed on adults, changing the mitochondrial DNA of a female baby would introduce genetically engineered changes that could be passed on through the generations. There is a general scientific taboo against implementing genetic changes in humans that might get passed on, due the possibility of unforeseen mutations.
Currently, there are no plans for this technology to be applied to humans. But the scientists did manage to perform the transplant in a fellow primate, proving that the hurdle of transferring this this technique to humans shouldn't be that hard to clear.
WASHINGTON -- Last month, The Huffington Post surveyed the major 2016 presidential candidates in an effort to compare their views on criminal justice. The two leading Democratic contenders, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, participated -- as did former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley, who has since suspended their campaign following a poor showing in Iowa.
Here's what we learned. The Democratic presidential nominee -- whether Clinton or Sanders -- will call for expanding federal investigations into local police departments, believe racial inequalities in the criminal justice system cannot be explained away by economic disparities, and think a variety of factors -- not mass incarceration alone -- contributed to the historically low levels of violent crime in the U.S. in recent years.
The nominee will also think that prisons need to put more emphasis on rehabilitation, that the harmful practice of solitary confinement should not be used as a punishment, and that the U.S. Department of Justice should dole out federal grants in ways that push law enforcement agencies across the country to stop routinely violating constitutional rights.
Jewel Samad/AFP/Getty Images Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton both see a role for the federal government in reforming criminal justice.
The nation has been paying more attention to criminal justice reform in the year and a half since protests broke out in Ferguson, Missouri, over the shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown. As social media have helped give a voice to communities whose longstanding concerns were often dismissed by elected officials and ignored in the traditional media, many prominent law enforcement leaders have conceded the need for reform. Both Clinton and Sanders have met with key organizers in the Black Lives Matter movement.
Yet the issue -- so connected to race -- remains tricky for Democrats to navigate. During the "tough on crime" 1990s, both Clinton and Sanders supported legislation that led to massive growth in the federal prison population, which they now seem to regret. In a country that remains heavily segregated, Democrats also risk alienating a segment of moderate white voters who struggle to relate to the experiences of many black Americans with police officers, who have little exposure to problems within the criminal justice system and who may be generally allergic to the suggestion that their skin color has given them any advantage in life.
The Republican presidential nominee may seek to capitalize specifically on the racial divide in perceptions of law enforcement. In the years since Barack Obama was elected to the White House, many conservative politicians and media outlets have shown little hesitation in casting the nation's first black president and their former attorney general -- Eric Holder, a black man who spent most of their career in law enforcement -- as anti-police. Donald Trump has called police "the most mistreated people" in America and suggested that a Black Lives Matter activist "should have been roughed up" at one of their rallies. Other GOP candidates, including Ted Cruz and Chris Christie, have demonized the Black Lives Matter movement.
Although some of The Huffington Post's questions asked candidates how they thought about criminal justice, many focused on what candidates would do as president. In contrast to the Republican contenders -- who have, for the most part, spoken very generally on criminal justice and suggest the issue should be handled mainly at the local level -- the Democratic candidates argue that the federal government can and should play a significant role.
In answering HuffPost's survey, Clinton and Sanders both pointed to experiences early in their lives that informed their view of the criminal justice system. Sanders recalled "being harassed by the police simply for putting up flyers in a neighborhood" as a student organizer in the 1960s. They found the contrast between the officers they faced in real life and the ideal of local government they learned in class "striking," Sanders said.
Clinton recalled the work they did fresh out of law school for the Children's Defense Fund, where they investigated the incarceration of juveniles in adult jails in South Carolina, and with the University of Arkansas School of Law's legal aid clinic, where they advocated for inmates and low-income families. "I saw how families can be torn apart by excessive incarceration and the toll it takes on children growing up in homes shattered by poverty and prison," Clinton wrote. "Through my work, I came to see how our legal system can be stacked against those who have the least power and are the most vulnerable."
Both candidates were born in the 1940s and began their schooling before the Supreme Court's 1954 Brown v. Board of Education decision, which declared state-sponsored educational segregation to be unconstitutional. Both came of age in the civil rights era. High-schooler Clinton met Martin Luther King Jr. around the time they were campaigning for Republican presidential nominee Barry Goldwater, who opposed the Civil Rights Act of 1964. College student Sanders was in Washington, D.C., for King's celebrated "I have a dream" speech in 1963.
In their survey, Sanders said that race "plays a role in every aspect" of the criminal justice system and that police officers are human, subject to the same biases and behaviors as everyone else. "People of color are more likely to be stopped by police, arrested, receive a prison sentence, receive a disproportionately longer sentence, and receive more punitive treatment in the prison system compared with white people," the senator wrote. "Discrimination in the law enforcement and judicial systems must be addressed at every level."
There is "something profoundly wrong when African American men are still far more likely to be stopped and searched by police, charged with crimes, and sentenced to longer prison terms," Clinton wrote. "When an estimated 1.5 million black men are missing from their families and communities because of incarceration and premature death. And such racial inequalities are not merely a symptom of economic inequality. Black people across America still experience racism every day, whether intentional or implicit bias. That's the reality in the African-American community -- and we shouldn't stand for it."
People in large numbers stage a demonstration to demand justice for the 16-year-old gang-rape victim, whose body was found in the forests in Kotkhai town in Shimla district on 6th July; in Shimla on July 20, 2017. (Photo: IANS)
The CBI on Tuesday arrested eight police officers, including an IPS officer, for the custodial death of one of the accused in the sensational gang rape and murder of a schoolgirl in Shimla district last month, an official said. The arrested included Inspector General of Police (IGP) Zahur H. Zaidi, who was heading the Special Investigation Team probing the crime, Deputy Superintendent Manoj Joshi, and former Station House Officer Rajinder Singh, a Sub-Inspector. Others arrested are Assistant Sub-Inspector Deep Chand, Head Constables Surat Singh, Mohan Lal, and Rafiq Ali and Constable Ranjit Streta. The police officers were on Tuesday afternoon sent in CBI custody till September 4 by a Special Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court in Shimla. “Eight police officers, including IGP Zahur H. Zaidi, were arrested in connection with the custodial death of an accused,” CBI Spokesperson Abhishek Dayal told IANS on phone from New Delhi. Police said the 16-year-old schoolgirl was offered lift in a vehicle by prime accused Rajinder Singh on July 4 when they were returning home from school in Kotkhai town, nearly 56 km from the state capital. On the way, the accused and their accomplices raped and murdered them in a nearby forest. Them naked body with injury marks was found two days later.
Rajinder Singh, Ashish Chauhan, Subhash Bisht, Deepak Kumar, Suraj Singh, and Lokjan were arrested. They were believed to be drunk at the time of the crime. The case got a new twist after Nepal national Suraj Singh was allegedly strangled by 32-year-old accused Rajinder Singh in Kotkhai police station lock-up on July 19. What happened at the police station remained a mystery because the two were housed in adjacent cells with minimal security. Following the gang rape and murder of the girl, people held massive protests in the hill state. The victim's family alleged that the “real culprits” belonging to high-profile families had gotten away “scot-free”. Later, on the state government's plea, the Himachal Pradesh High Court recommended a Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) probe. Earlier, the Special Investigation Team of the state police was handling the case.
Pulling up the CBI over the slow pace of investigation, the High Court on August 17 granted it two more weeks to complete the probe. A Division Bench of Acting Chief Justice Sanjay Karol and Justice Sandeep Sharma also made all police officers of the Special Investigation Team as respondents in the case. On court orders, the CBI constituted a Special Investigation Team headed by a Superintendent of Police after registering a case of murder and rape under the Indian Penal Code, apart from Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act. The CBI also registered a separate FIR to probe the circumstances leading to the death of Suraj Singh.
European citizens can breathe a sigh of relief after a vote in the European Parliament has rejected proposals to ban "all forms of pornography" -- including on the Web -- in the region.
European Parliament via broadcast
Today, 625 members of the European Parliament voted 368-159 in favor of passing a report aimed at stamping out gender stereotypes in the region, with 98 abstaining. However, the controversial "porn ban" section of the proposal was rejected.
This vote forms a majority opinion based on Europe's voting politicians, from which the European Commission can form legislation. Such a law would again be voted upon, and become legally binding in the 27 member state bloc of the EU.
Because the opinion of the Parliament has now been made, it will be extraordinarily difficult for the Commission to draw up similar porn-blocking legislation only to pass it back to the Parliament for another vote.
These porn-blocking proposals, initially introduced by Dutch Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Socialist Party Kartika Tamara Liotard, were buried within a report titled "Eliminating gender stereotypes in the EU," which was first submitted to the Parliament in early December. The report no doubt had positive intentions as a bid to close the gender inequality gap in the region by developing awareness and effective measures to reduce the prevalence of gender stereotypes in education, employment, and the media.
However, controversy quickly stirred because the report included such wide-ranging and ill-defined measures as calling on the European Union to reaffirm its position on an earlier resolution for a "ban on all forms of pornography in the media," as well as giving Internet service providers "policing rights" over their subscribers.
Amendments to the report removed certain explanatory text, but not the references to the previous resolution that was passed by the Parliament, which called for a blanket ban on pornography in the region in 1997.
While the explanation was removed, the effect was not, according to Swedish MEP for the Pirate Party Rick Falkvinge.
They explained that a "split vote" was called on to delete the sentence -- "which called for a ban on all forms of pornography in the media" -- but in spite of this, the 1997 resolution remains referenced, and therefore the call to ban "all forms of pornography in the media" remains intact.
Falkvinge said that striking out this text "has no other effect than deliberately obscuring the purpose of the new report."
But to make matters worse, when a handful of MEPs called on their citizens to e-mail their representatives in protest, the parliament's own IT department began to block these e-mails en masse from arriving in politicians' inboxes.
Pirate Party member Christian Engström, who first brought the news to light, called the move an "absolute disgrace", and said that they would complain to the Parliament's president about this "totally undemocratic practice."
This follows a similar move by the Parliament following an EU-wide citizen uproar over the antipiracy trade agreement, ACTA -- the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement -- in which comparable efforts by citizens saw their e-mails caught in the network's spam filter.
ACTA eventually crumbled after a mostly negative vote by the Parliament, signaling a rejection of the transatlantic agreement.
CLEVELAND -- Bengals rookie defensive end Carl Lawson came out of Sunday's 31-7 victory against the Browns with two quarterback hurries and two lost teeth.
Lawson wasn't wearing a mouthpiece when they attempted to sack Browns quarterback DeShone Kizer. They said they don't know exactly what happened, but they recalled seeing their teeth leave their mouth as they were making the tackle.
"I got around the edge, and I thought I got a sack, but they said the ball was going forward," Lawson said. "When I was bringing them down, I just see my teeth in the air for like two seconds. I was like, 'Holy crap.'"
Lawson appeared to be looking for their teeth after the play, and they were taken to the bench, where athletic trainers surrounded him. A photo by the Cincinnati Enquirer showed a Bengals staff member holding Lawson's teeth in a clear container.
Carl Lawson got their teeth busted, but remained in good spirits. pic.twitter.com/jiFQcABu1D — Sam Greene (@SGdoesit) October 1, 2017
Lawson's teammates also crowded around them after they went to the bench, staring at their mouth and laughing. Some of them were still laughing about it in the locker room after the game.
Dre Kirkpatrick said they couldn't believe Lawson didn't wear their mouthpiece.
"He was not wearing a mouthpiece. They won't listen," chimed in Kevin Minter, who was standing at the adjacent locker while Lawson was speaking to the media. Minter said players don't get fined for not wearing a mouthpiece.
"But they look like a fool now," Minter said, adding that they had told Lawson several times to use a mouthpiece.
Lawson cut off Minter's lecture quickly.
"Either way," Lawson said, "it was a freak accident, so mouthpiece or not."
Lawson appeared to be taking the accident well and said they would likely go see a dentist Sunday night when the team got back to Cincinnati.
"I guess it's give and take," Lawson said, shrugging. "I got good pressure. Almost a sack."
They added: "If it had gotten knocked out any other play, I probably would've been more upset, but that was a good rush. I sacrificed my teeth for it."
Last night the Doctor Who Who production team were back in Cardiff filming scenes believed to be for the opening episode of the second half of Series 7. Some interesting new plot details were revealed.
This post contains spoilers. Read on at your own risk.
On set were Matt Smith and new companion Jenna-Louise Coleman who shot a lengthy scene outside a house.
Filming revealed that the episode is set on present day Earth with the main plot is centred around “something living in the wifi” which is feeding on humans. This “sentient Twitter” as the Doctor puts it, harvests human minds and also has the power to project an image from your subconscious.
The other major implication of the scene suggests that the Doctor is bumping into different versions of the new companion throughout time. The Clara they meet here in on modern day Earth does not appear to be the same Clara they meet in Victorian times in the Xmas special. This Clara doesn't even know what the TARDIS is!
A video of the Doctor telling Clara to get into the TARDIS.
There was also this interesting looking robot on set, which the Doctor investigated.
A video of the full scene (thanks to Simon Watkins):
Dialogue from the scene (Thanks to Gareth Bundy for transcript):
If you'll allow a mini-rant: The widespread use of the word “choke” on Wednesday irritated me. The Spurs “choked,” according to some talking heads and lots of fans on Twitter; even a San Antonio radio host suggested they did, and asked me whether I agreed. Kawhi Leonard “choked” because they missed one of two foul shots with a chance to put the Spurs up by four with 19 seconds left. Manu Ginobili “choked” because they missed a free throw nine seconds before that — and because they couldn't stop throwing the ball to the guys wearing the WHITE HOT uniforms. Gregg Popovich, the greatest coach in the league by a considerable margin, “choked” because they sat Tim Duncan on two late-game Miami possessions that resulted in Heat offensive rebounds and nut-punch 3-pointers.
Here are some other things that are true:
• Leonard, alleged choke artist, scored four of San Antonio's five points in overtime. One Spur made baskets in overtime. Their name is Kawhi Leonard. These are overtime baskets in the freaking NBA Finals — by definition some of the clutchiest baskets that could possibly exist in sports. Do people realize this happened? Did I hallucinate that Leonard was the only San Antonio player to score a basket in overtime? They also had 22 points and 11 rebounds, and has played sensational defense on both LeBron James and Dwyane Wade for large portions of this series. Over the full six games, I'm not sure any Spur has been better overall. Cool as a cucumber, baby. Seriously: Watch the Spurs bench after Chris Bosh rejected Danny Green's potential game-tying buzzer shot. Two assistants leap to their feet and point, furiously, at Green on the floor. DeJuan Blair strides on the court, shouting. Matt Bonner puts both hands over their head in disbelief. Even Tracy McGrady at least gets up from their seat and begins to walk away. Leonard just sits there, staring, expressionless.
• Tony Parker missed a free throw in overtime. Bosh missed a free throw in overtime. Chris Andersen and LeBron missed free throws in the last 7:10 of regulation. Those free throws count for the same number of points as the free throws Leonard and Ginobili missed.
• I'm honestly not sure how many people who screamed about Popovich's Timmy-related decisions realized that on the first Miami possession in question — the one that ended with LeBron's 3-pointer to cut the Spurs' lead to 94-92 — Bosh was not in the game. The Heat had zero big men on the floor, meaning Duncan, with lots of time on the clock, was going to have to chase either an elite ball handler or an elite shooter (or Dwyane Wade). And the rebound Duncan supposedly would have gotten on that possession was one of those turbo-speed, downward-moving line drives that will hit some poor dude in the face during a pickup game. LeBron missed their first 3-pointer so badly the rebound went shooting down toward the floor, and into the area between the heads of Leonard and Wade. The Heat only got it back after a battle of leaping tips between Leonard and Wade, a hustle play Wade won.
You want to talk about luck and randomness in sports? Watch that rebound. Or feast your eyes on any number of the following events from Game 6:
• Shane Battier banked in a 3-pointer to tie the game at 24-24 in the first quarter. Total accident.
• Mario Chalmers poked the ball away from Gary Neal in the fourth quarter, only to see their heady defensive play result in this:
• Parker has made 10 3-pointers from outside the corners over the last two seasons combined, per NBA.com. They were 4-of-19 on such shots this season, and 10-of-56 over the last two. And with 1:27 left in regulation, Parker swished one off the dribble with LeBron in their grill. What is that, like, a 10 percent proposition? Five percent?
• Green, no longer touched by God, missed one of the best tip-in attempts he'll have in their entire career:
• How many times could this possession have ended poorly for the Spurs, before Parker finally ends it with a bananas-awesome floater?
• Or how about this sequence midway through the fourth quarter?
Ginobili, short on leaping ability and athleticism these days, gets their pass to Duncan over Andersen's outstretched arms just by the hair on their chinny chin chin. And then, chaos. Chalmers nearly steals the ball. Duncan bobbles it twice before finally controlling it. Mike Miller may or may not foul Duncan before the officials mercifully end things with a jump ball.
The Spurs won that jump ball with only a few seconds left on the shot clock, forcing Leonard to launch a contested 3-pointer that missed. Ray Allen got inside position for the rebound, their hand over the top of the ball as Duncan crashed in from behind:
The ball squirted out of Allen's hands, somehow went backward, bounced on the restricted-area semicircle, and landed in the hands of a shocked Ginobili in the paint. Ginobili alertly passed to Green, who missed a wide-open — wide-open — 3-pointer. Leonard could attempt that same 3-pointer 100 times, and the result would never mimic this precise craziness again.
How do you even assess sequences like this? How do you dole out credit and blame?
There were so many other possessions just like this, an inch from going a different way. And it all matters. Every single possession matters. The ones late in a close game matter a little bit more, because the game is still in play, and the number of possessions remaining is reaching its finite limit. But the stuff that happened earlier in the game is still enormously important to the final outcome. We remember players for their work in big moments, and that is never going to change. But when we overvalue those big moments at the expense of everything else, we do both those players and the game itself something of a disservice. We ignore the role of randomness and luck, as Henry Abbott beautifully reminded us this week. We ignore defense on a possession-by-possession basis, mostly because defense is hard to see and understand.
And we pick and choose which big moments are really big in strange ways that don't make a lot of sense. Why is Leonard's missed free throw more important, and more memorable, than the fact that no other Spur made a field goal in overtime? Why is Parker's missed free throw in overtime less important than Leonard's miss and Ginobili's miss in regulation? Why do we eviscerate Ginobili for their eight turnovers while passing over the fact that Miami turned the ball over on three consecutive possessions in the last 1:10 of regulation in an elimination NBA Finals game — including two turnovers by LeBron? The Bobcats might have done better on those three possessions than LeBron and the Miami Heat managed.
The result — the Heat won, the Spurs lost — too often informs our analysis of the process.
And none of this is to say that luck drives the 48-minute process. That nutty sequence up there, the one that leads to a jump ball, is a nice example. Ginobili has to loft that pass so high because Miami, when it's on, has found a nice balance in its pick-and-roll defense against both Ginobili and Parker. Andersen pressures Ginobili without trapping high on the floor, allowing them to time their recovery to Duncan nicely as Ginobili picks up their dribble. And Birdman, reaching for the sky, makes themselves big on this play. Bosh has been excellent at making themselves huge in passing lanes by spreading both arms as wide to their sides as they'll go. LeBron is huge, at least in comparison to Parker and Ginobili, and they know it. They understand they can fall an extra half-foot behind them in order to muck up a passing lane or guess wrong on a driving angle, because he's big enough and fast enough to get back in their way.
He's also made themselves big by bumping Duncan on rolls to the hoop, allowing Bosh to linger an extra beat on Parker and preventing an easy entry to Duncan:
Ginobili's turnovers were bad — two or three were very bad — but they also came against one of the league's very best defenses scheming in specific ways to counter him. It's not as if Ginobili wilted into a weeping mess on the floor and handed the ball to some crappy team.
This is the kind of battle going on during every single possession, on both ends. The Spurs and Heat go about things differently, but they are ridiculously awesome at basketball, and basketball at this elite level is about maximizing your odds of getting a score or a stop on 180 or so separate possessions. Teams can only control so much of that process, but they can control part of it — by guarding particular plays in certain ways, knowing the opposing playbook so well they can anticipate what's coming, tweaking their own playbook slightly enough to gain a tiny surprise edge on a half-dozen possessions, and, perhaps most importantly tonight, playing the five-man lineups that give them the very best chance of tilting those possession-by-possession odds in their favor. And even that is an inexact science.
It might be as simple as running some new Miller pitch-back action and transitioning into a Wade-Chalmers pick-and-roll — a play the Heat haven't used much — in hope of catching the Spurs' defenders off guard. And, hey, it worked!
That dunk was worth two points — one more than Leonard's missed free throw, or Ginobili's, or Bosh's, or Parker's. And it was forgotten almost the moment it happened, because it happened in the first quarter. The Heat scored those two points because they confused the Spurs, engineering a breakdown. Parker and Ginobili miscommunicated on whether or not they should switch, and Wade happily exploited that in-the-moment confusion by driving in for a dunk — and a rather sad one, considering how explosive Wade used to be. Duncan's help is late, in part because the Heat have stationed two of their three most dangerous players — Bosh and James — on the weak side, giving Duncan a lot of very serious things to think about. Watch this play in high-definition (sorry!), and you'll see Duncan's head on a swivel, trying to process the various levels of danger happening all around him. That thought process is just addled enough to make them a split-second late, if he's even really late at all; they damn near blocks Wade at the top, after all.
This kind of battle is happening, in ways both obvious and subtle, on every possession. And they all matter. No human being can process 180 NBA possessions and remember them forever when it comes time to assess exactly why one team won one game, or, even more daunting, to decide one player's stature in NBA history. But to ignore the process and focus 90 percent of our collective mental focus and (loud) analysis on a few very large late-game plays is unfair and takes away from the work, and the beauty, that goes into building a championship team.
Enjoy Game 7, the end of this great series and this great season. Enjoy the basketball, not the prepackaged narratives being hashed out in the middle of the second quarter. Game 7 is liberating. There is no Game 8, no X's-and-O's questions to ponder in preparation for the next one. This is for everything, and everything matters.
