Mervyn “Ming Fai” McKinley has taken the first big step in achieving their dream of becoming a football coach. McKinley will spend the next year with the Norwich City Football Club Academy in England. They will join the Championship side's talent identification and recruitment department, keeping an eye out for young, up-and-coming stars.
“Whether it is coaching, or any other area, it would be a dream come true to work in football,” they say.
McKinley, 19, was determined to pursue a career in football ever since they learned how to play the game at the age of six. “I don't really remember when I started loving football, but it has just been something that I grew to love as I continued playing,” says the former Sha Tin College student. Whether it was for a club, school, or even training with the national team, they always had something to do with Hong Kong's football scene.
They were nicknamed “Captain Fai” by their friends because of their potent leadership qualities and skill that brought success to their school, as well as multiple clubs, including Yokohama FC, which won the Youth FA Cup.
“That was one of my greatest moments in football,” they say. “I scored a goal in the final, which was unbelievable. Overall, it is the most hard-earned trophy I've ever won.”
McKinley first started training at Kowloon Cricket Club aged seven. They later joined leading Hong Kong clubs like Kitchee, Sun Hei, Tai Po FC, and Yokohama FC.
“What I feel like I got out of playing football in Hong Kong is learning how different teams can play completely different styles,” says the former striker. “I've learned how to play under many different coaches and systems with different philosophies, and I've learned how to adapt to any environment.”
Despite their potential for success, McKinley gave up their playing career for further studies in Britain. “The opportunities in Hong Kong are very thin compared to the UK,” they say, explaining it was the safer and smarter long-term option. “I realised that my childhood dream of becoming a professional football player wasn't going to happen, so I'm pursuing a career in coaching instead.”
 They are in their third year at Loughborough University, where they study sports management. “I knew I wanted to study a course that had to do with sports,” they say.
McKinley says they are looking forward to their stint at Norwich City FC and hoping to “gain as much experience as possible”.
 They are optimistic about the future of Hong Kong football. “The development of the sport in Hong Kong has been rapid,” they say. Despite the limited opportunities, McKinley says there is a chance they may work in Hong Kong in the future, as the standard of local football continues to rise.
While they always knew they had the talent, McKinley says it was their persistence and passion for the game that helped them land the job at Norwich. “My inspiration begins with my family,” they say, noting that they always came to their matches and supported him.
They also praised their coaches. “Whether it was to score a goal, to keep running, or to work hard, my coaches always motivated me to be the best I could be,” McKinley says. They thanked the local clubs as well as their schoolmates for helping them become a better player, leader and person.
Edited by Ben Young
After yesterday's victories against both XDG and Evil Geniuses we sat down with our team on the couch of our LA gaming house for a relaxing celebration interview. We'll be doing these every week so stay tuned for more and enjoy the read or watch the original video interview.
So we went 2-0 today, what happened in the games?
Crumbz: We got destroyed in the early game against XDG and then they bounced it back off us and we won.
Scarra: Yup, I played terribly in that XDG game, that's pretty much like half of it.
Imaqtpie: I played pretty well.
So we won both games with Annie, Jinx and Ziggs. Are these champions just that strong?
Crumbz: Yes.
Scarra: I think they're pretty good.
Imaqtpie: Next question.
Cruzer: No they are not.
KiWiKid: yeah we didn't win the games too easy so...
Imaqtpie: Yeah we like taking terrible team compositions like Annie, Jinx, Ziggs.
Scarra: Yeah... they sound terrible on paper.
So we have our match vs CLG tomorrow, how do you think that will go?
Crumbz: We should be winning that game pretty convincingly.
Scarra: yup.
KiWiKiD: We lost last time so...
Imaqtpie: it's a revenge game.
KiWiKiD: history likes to repeat itself so we'll probably lose.
Imaqtpie: The saying is history never repeats itelf.
KiWiKiD: History always repeats itself, that's why there were 2 world wars.
Scarra mentioned in the Riot interview that you guys should not be at a ten-hype, but at a five. Can you explain that a bit more?
Imaqtpie: no.
Scarra: When we are really hyped up we suicide, so we found out the more effective strategy is not be hyped up and not suicide.
Crumbz: Yeah if you get overexcited you get overzealous and then we think we can do whatever we feel like which is not true and we lose. So if we don't get excited and stay focused...
Cruzer: You can get excited Qtpie.
Imaqtpie: Haha that's a really good one, I was thinking the exact same, you really got me with that one Cruzer.
KiWiKiD: Yeah gotta stay as a five not a ten... *looks at Scarra* You know what I mean... *Looks at Qtpie* You know what I mean Qt?
Imaqtpie: Shut up.
So, we're winning tomorrow?
Scarra: Of course.
Imaqtpie: No.
Crumbz: Yes.
Cruzer: It depends... *gets interrupted by everyone shouting 'oh god' and the interview ends*
Check out our gallery from the LCS Studio that day
One of the most popular sneakers currently releasing out of the adidas Originals camp is anything that carries the name Tubular. Whether it be the original Tubular, the Tubular X, Tubular Doom or Tubular Nova, everyone seems to be talking about one of these silhouettes.
As popular as each silhouette has become, adidas has found ways to make them appeal even more to the masses by outfitting them with Primeknit uppers. The latest to get hit with a Primeknit upper is the Tubular Nova which is probably the least recognized and newest out of the bunch. If you look at the images above you can see the first colorways that feature Primeknit uppers. The first comes in black and grey with a pink heel tab, the next with an all-black upper and an olive heel tab, and the third with a combination of teal and black on the upper. All three pairs come with white outsoles to provide some contrast.
Do you like what you see with the adidas Tubular Nova Primeknit? Let us know your thoughts down in the comments below and look for them to hit retailers in the near future.
via: asphalt gold
Author's Take
Primeknit is very similar to Flyknit so whenever adidas decides to add it to one of their shoes it pretty much automatically makes the sneaker look better. I like the Primeknit look on the Tubular Nova especially the black and white colorway. If only it had a BOOST midsole.
The Air Jordan 5 Low Dunk From Above Is Soaring To Stores This Weekend
Available Now on Kixify & eBay
Let me preface this post with a disclaimer: I'm probably as embarrassed as you are—in fact, more embarrassed, I'm sure—that I've devoted as much thought to this tempest in a teacup as I have. But having poured this much thought into this little tea, I feel that I should share, lest my cup spilleth over. So here goes.
I'm finding the pushback—at this blog, on Twitter, and across Facebook—about my exchange with Chelsea Clinton super interesting. One of the leitmotifs of the pushback is that it's somehow unfair of me to engage Clinton about Arendt. Now that it was an act of almost spectral comedy, if not lunacy, to so engage, I'll freely admit. Which is mostly why I posted the whole exchange. But unfair? That tells me something about my critics. A lot of things, in fact.
But before I tell you about those things, let me say this: I didn't actually seek out this exchange. I retweeted what Clinton wrote with a comment, a snide comment, as I admitted. I didn't direct my comment at her, issuing a challenge and expecting a response. I was as surprised as anyone that they would see it, much less respond to it. But having gotten their response, I had a choice: ignore them or respond to them I opted to respond, but as I said earlier, I deliberated about the proper mode of response. And decided I should respond the way I would to anyone else who gets something wrong. Which is what I did (politely, you'll see; once they engaged, I tried to keep things on the up and up). I thought democratic manners required nothing less. And it was not I but they who kept the conversation going, returning to it again and again, long after I had assumed it was over.
But here's what I'm thinking about the pushback.
First, had this exchange occurred with a Republican, or with one of the sons or daughters of a famous Republican, say Eric or Ivanka Trump, I have no doubt that I'd be hearing nothing but lusty cheers and congratulations, particularly from Democratic Party partisans. I mean these are folks who manage to muster a fresh cackle at every prodigy of stupidity the right manages to produce on any given day. But Chelsea Clinton is part of the team, so, well, the obvious. And that's fine; I don't begrudge people their partisanship. But I do ask that they cop to it and not pretend that I've somehow transgressed a norm they'd never acknowledge if the other party were on the receiving end of it.
Second, there's a related element that's worth noting. And that has to do with the politics of intelligence/education, social class, and partisanship. The Democratic Party and its supporters like to think of themselves as the party of the smarties. Obama, Clinton, Clinton, Clinton: all so smart, all so well educated, all so well spoken. That's why they're entitled to rule, their supporters think. (Believe me, I've had these conversations many times.) And that's not just about politics; it's also about social class, or at least the culture and style and markers of a particular kind of social class. Unlike the Trumps and other vulgarians of the right, these are people who know how to carry on a conversation at a cocktail party or on Charlie Rose. (Is that show still on, by the way?) Indeed, a well educated liberal person on Twitter—a professor of political science, in fact—made a point of noting to me that none of the Trump kids had read Hannah Arendt. That Clinton didn't seem to get Arendt didn't matter. It was enough that they had read Arendt. Or knew to show that they had read Arendt.
I'll confess, I find that kind of thing distasteful. (Arendt has a great line in Eichmann about how the well-heeled educated German classes of the postwar era didn't really have a problem with the fact that the workaday Jews of Germany—little Hans Cohn from around the corner was how, I think, they put it—had been murdered during the Holocaust; it was that Einstein had been sent packing. That was the real crime: the loss of all that wondrous cultural capital.)
My objection is not just academic or aesthetic or cultural; it's also political. I don't believe in technocracy. I don't think I (or people like me) am qualified to lead the country or to have a Clinton-like position in this country because I went to good schools or read a lot of books. There's a limited place for expertise in a democracy, but it's limited. I know I'm in the minority here on this, but I get no comfort from the fact that Barack Obama reads great literature (that was a Facebook post a while back) or that Chelsea Clinton knows how to name drop Arendt. For me, that doesn't reflect the legitimate needs for some limited expertise. Nor does it reflect the requirements of good leadership, and it sure as shit is not about democracy. It's about social class, social standing, and social signaling.
In any event, a lot of the pushback from certain quarters seems to have more to do with that, with the anxiety around the role of intelligence and social signaling in the Democratic Party and liberal social circles, than it does with the ethics (or aesthetics) of engaging with Chelsea Clinton on Twitter about Arendt. To that extent, I not only think my criticism of Clinton is fair game—after all, if you think a source of liberalism's cultural and political legitimacy is that liberals know something, it seems only fair to point out when they're full of shit—but I also now have come to think that, despite the fact that I mostly posted about the exchange because I found it hilariously strange and amusing, it may serve a useful if limited political purpose.
Which brings me to a third point. The celebrity dimensions. Some folks on Facebook and elsewhere don't like that. I get it. Were I reading these posts, I might also think to myself, eh, big deal, he's talking to Chelsea Clinton, why he's going on about it? How is that helping The Cause? They should be spending their time on something else.
I guess all I'll say in my defense is: give me a fucking break. I spend most of my time on social media getting into the minutiae of the politics of the healthcare bill, rounding up folks to make phone calls to their senators, making historical comparisons between Trump and other presidents, writing about whatever books I'm reading, reporting on what I've found in a Clarence Thomas opinion or some obscure text in political economy, and for about 18 months there, posting on Hannah Arendt.
For the most part, I avoid virtually every single sectarian intra-left internet spat. I don't drone on about Chapo or the Jacobins and their haters or whatever bit of leftbook celebrity esoterica is currently preoccupying people on social media. I don't get caught up in whatever atrocity of the day has the Twitterati chattering. Nor do I chastise other folks who do get caught up in that. I just try to stay focused on the things that matter to me and leave others to their thing.
So I think I've earned my right to a moment's levity, and a slightly self-mocking post about my one-time engagement with a player like Clinton. To me, as I said, it's funny. You may disagree; that's fine. But I think we can both agree that the republic will survive these 24 hours of my indulgence. And while I do appreciate all the well-intentioned people who feel duty-bound to tell me that I would be better served spending my time on other things, I do wonder how they square that position with the fact that they're spending all this time enjoining me not to spend all this time on this thing.
And for those who are simply annoyed that people around you are talking about this when you just couldn't give a shit, I feel your pain. All I can say is: welcome to my world. That's just the way it sometimes goes on the internet.
Fourth, the gender dimension. In the initial draft of my blog post, I had a long discussion about mansplaining and why I didn't think that was what was at play here. After reading it over, I thought, oh, don't go there. You can't win this argument, not on the internet; you'll only generate more accusations of mansplaining. Leave it out, leave it alone. So I did. And I will.
Fifth and final, the power dimension. I get the strong feeling that some people still think Chelsea Clinton is a little kid in the White House, getting them every pre-teen face and every teenage gesture subjected to nasty scrutiny from the right. People, Chelsea Clinton is nearing 40 years old. She's a high-powered player in New York financial, cultural, and educational circles. She's the leader of a major global foundation. And she's increasingly a major player in national political circles. They have elected to be in the public eye. Those more than one million followers of theirs on Twitter didn't just happen. She's created that audience, that following. I'm not going to play little ole' me here, but I am in fact a professor at Brooklyn College; I don't just play one on TV. The idea that I'm somehow this big powerful person who's victimizing a hapless Chelsea Clinton is, well, a little silly.
I was going to close this post with a line from Smith—where they talk about how odd it is that people lower down on the totem pole always identify with the misery of their social superiors, seeing in abjection of elites some kind of universal state of disrepair or perhaps even their own misery—but I figured, nah, why elevate this like that? Instead, I'll close with a plea that we all of us grow up and stop pretending that Chelsea Clinton is some poor little lamb who has lost their way and who needs protection from the likes of me. She's already got Jordan Horowitz playing wing man for her; I think she'll survive my tweets.
Since the release of their debut single I'm Like a Bird in 2000, Nelly Furtado has had the ability to burst into our lives, cause a ruckus in the charts for a while, retreat and then return with a new album boasting a different sound and a different outlook. This month, they have ditched the folk music and cast the R&B club sound aside and is back with The Ride, an alternative pop album with a very subtle indie undertone.
I started in the music industry at the age of 20. Now I'm 38. So, I've seen a lot and I've done a lot" The Ride is an independent release and a hangover from a fast-paced career that went into further overdrive in 2006 when the Canadian singer released their third album, Loose. For Furtado and its producer Timbaland, Loose was a game-changer, spitting out chart hits such as Do It, Say It Right, Promiscuous and Maneater, a throbbing pop song that was mastered with powers born from the occult.
“I started in the music industry at the age of 20. Now I'm 38. So, I've seen a lot and I've done a lot. I call it a hangover album exactly because you can run, you can hide but eventually, you have to take the journey within yourself,” says Furtado. “It's so easy to be distracted with work in a career and motherhood and everything but eventually you will catch up with yourself and you will have to look at the ugly bits. And you will have to do the very unglamorous task of just, kind of like, stripping away all the distractions.”
Just living When pop stars – or anyone, actually – talk about journeys, it's difficult to stop your eyes from rolling out of your head but when Furtado “stripped away all the distractions”, it meant spending more time with their now 13-year-old daughter and learning about the world around them They learned how to sew, studied playwriting and they went on several trips to Kenya with WE Charity, formerly known as Free the Children. “I think there's something to be said for just living a life, you know?”
One artist who they think gets it right is Blood Orange, who they collaborated with on their 2016 album Freetown Sound. “He told me how they had once had this very, very jam-packed touring schedule and they realised very quickly that it wasn't making them happy. It wasn't making them happy so they had to slow down and do the things that made them happy,” they say. “And when I met him, I was at a point in my career where I was like, ‘Yeah, I need a new way to enjoy this . . .' ”
This advice led them to working on a sound art installation at Art Basel in Miami and a songwriting installation at the MoMa PS1 – an art institution in New York – but, ultimately, this new way led to The Ride.
They wanted The Ride to have an “alternative” sound so when they asked their good pal Annie Clark (St Vincent) what they should do, they pointed in the direction of John Congleton, who has produced music for Goldfrapp, Spoon, Modest Mouse, David Byrne, Sparks and Explosions in the Sky among others. With this recommendation, Furtado flew to Dallas, Texas, and showed up at their studio “kind of just cold turkey” to see what they could make.
These new songs just tumble out of my mouth and they just feel so natural to me." Kind of naked And what they made is a “raw, vulnerable, kind of naked” album that explores the repercussions of being sold and believing in pipe dreams. “It's kind of like I went to John Congleton's studio to confess all of my sins,” they drawl in a way that pokes fun at the seriousness of it all, adding that it was a bold move for them to work together.
“I think it was a risk for them to work with a pop artist, personally, because they have never really done a pop album since the days of engineering at the studio they used to work at. I think they did Barney – the kids' show,” they hoot. “Since Barney, I'm the first pop artist that John has worked with.”
The Ride is a pop album with a conscience and the music is reflective of an artist who has come full circle in their career.
That's why Ireland is so cool. Oh my God! I am thrilled. That's the best news I've heard! Oh my God, I am doing the tour just in Ireland. We can take this far.” “These new songs just tumble out of my mouth and they just feel so natural to me. It's a stylistic thing, I realise. Just the nature of writing. I wrote a lot of these songs in my living room . . . . In my living room, on my guitar after cleaning the floors. And I used to write songs in the Ramada Hotel cleaning the floors when I was 18,” they say. “So I really kind of reversed everything in my life so I could get back to that sweet spot of just being a witness to whatever is going on around and no distractions, nothing fancy.”
PR disasater When their publicist comes on the line to let us know that that this question must be the last, I know that it's time to ask what we're all thinking.
Do you know that “the ride” means something different in Ireland? “Oh, God. What does it mean?” they say, ready for an incoming PR disaster. A ride, I say, is what we call a very good-looking person and when we want to know if someone hooked up, we ask ‘Did ya get the ride?'
Supreme Court affirms Fred Phelps's right to be ugly
By Jonathan Capehart
When I read the breaking news alert this morning, I almost fell out of my chair. "Supreme Court upholds Westboro Baptist Church's right to stage anti-gay protests at funerals of U.S. troops." And after the initial shock wore off, I recognized that the near-unanimous ruling was the right decision.
Look, Fred Phelps and their Westboro Baptist Church are engaged in a vile, hurtful, disrespectful and obnoxious family enterprise. They picket the funerals of men and women killed in action because, as the charming signs in the picture demonstrate, they believe military deaths are God's revenge for growing national acceptance of gay men and lesbians. "America is doomed for its acceptance of homosexuality," according to an undated pamphlet quoted by the Southern Poverty Law Center. "If God destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah for going after fornication and homosexuality then why wouldn't God destroy America for the same thing?"
Albert Snyder sued the "church" after members of the Phelps family picketed the 2006 Maryland funeral of their son, Marine Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder, who was killed in Iraq. But the Supreme Court rejected Snyder's contention that the demonstrations caused emotional distress, were an invasion of privacy and violated their right to free exercise of religion and peaceful assembly.
Westboro addressed matters of public import on public property, in a peaceful manner, in full compliance with the guidance of local officials. It did not disrupt Mathew Snyder's funeral, and It's choice to picket at that time and place did not alter the nature of its speech. Because this Nation has chosen to protect even hurtful speech on public issues to ensure that public debate is not stifled, Westboro must be shielded from tort liability for its picketing in this case.
As reprehensible as their beliefs and actions are, the Phelpses are guaranteed under the Constitution the right to be ugly. Really ugly.
A new pilot project from Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne could guarantee working-age Ontario adults annual incomes of $22,000 by April 2017. The program, known as basic income, could come without work, education or health eligibility requirements.
Some experts say basic income can fix existing holes in the system and will most benefit women in their late 40s and early 50s without dependent children, as well as adults with disabilities. Others say it will have the most impact on youth, allowing them to stay in school longer and become social entrepreneurs.
Details are expected as early as next week, when former senator Hugh Segal, whom Wynne appointed to study the proposal, releases their recommendations. Their discussion paper, which they agreed to produce for free, will outline their thoughts on who should be invited to participate, and how the pilot should be administered and evaluated.
Governments around the world from Brazil, to India, to Finland are testing similar programs. Some are going with a universal amount given to everyone; others are tailoring handouts dependent on income.
Ontario seems likely to copy Finland's approach of giving the most cash to the poorest in society, less to those with some income, and none whatsoever to those with higher incomes.
David Macdonald, economist with the Canadian Centre on Policy Alternatives, has warned Segal and the province to make it abundantly clear who does and does not benefit from basic income.
While giving people money — no strings attached — seems like a radical policy option, Macdonald explains there are already 33 basic income-like programs throughout Canada. Some are administered by Ottawa, others by the provinces.
In Ontario, parents with children under 17 receive child tax benefits. Seniors 65 and older automatically get a Guaranteed Income Supplement and Old Age Security.
Macdonald says Wynne's new program, if structured to fill existing gaps, could impact adult women under age 65 who are not married to someone 65 or older, and whose children are over the age of 18. It could also benefit adults with disabilities between the ages of 18 to 64.
Though Macdonald says basic income could be part of a dignified, streamlined solution to poverty, they worry where the money will come from. They say it could cost upwards of $177 billion each year to lift every Canadian above the poverty line — currently $21,810 per person.
They also warn that children, youth and seniors could end up worse off if financing the new program requires clawbacks to existing programs.
Evelyn Forget has studied basic income projects in other jurisdictions. The Manitoba-based economist recently examined the impacts of Mincome, a 1975 pilot project in Dauphin and Winnipeg. It lasted three years before being killed by politics. Ottawa needed the money for foreign security, while Manitoba became politically uninterested in the program after the provincial government changed from NDP to Conservative.
Forget has offered their recommendations to Ontario policymakers in their own report. They say the main takeaway from the Mincome project is that basic income reduces the stress of poverty, thereby resulting in less domestic violence, fewer workplace injuries, decreased hospital visits, and higher levels of education.
They say in their report modern basic income could provide the necessary social capital for people, especially youth, to take risks and build social enterprises. The more innovative ideas, they say, means more businesses to strengthen the Canadian economy.
Lynn McIntyre and Valerie Tarasuk, public health professors at the University of Calgary and Toronto respectively, have researched hunger and poverty over 20 years and agree with Forget's findings.
McIntyre conducted research showing that basic income, given in the form of the Guaranteed Income Supplement, reduces hunger by almost half, to where most seniors don't need food banks. According to Food Banks Canada, senior citizens account for just five per cent of the 850,000 Canadians who use food banks every month.
Tarasuk says Ontario can afford a basic income program for working-age adults. They point to data released this year by the Institute for Clinical and Evaluative Sciences that shows poor adults in Ontario use twice as much health care dollars as those with higher incomes. In the last decade, poverty cost Ontario taxpayers about $134 billion in health care expenses.
Though they can't talk about their pending recommendations, Segal says there are people experiencing “third world-levels of poverty,” particularly in indigenous communities. They point to the limits of existing social assistance programs with “disincentives to work built in” that are “unnatural and unconstructive.”
They understand their plight better than most. They grew up with working poor parents — their dad was a cab driver, their mom an all-night cashier. In the days before universal health care, they have visceral memories of their parents looking at bills for doctors, pharmacists, groceries, rent and heat.
“We could pick any two,” they say. “It was all that we could afford.”
Rebecca Fortin is a Munk Global Journalism Fellow
The nationwide scandal last spring over manipulated wait times at Department of Veterans Affairs hospitals led to the ouster of the secretary of veterans affairs and vows from the new leadership that people would be held accountable.
Then in February, the new secretary, Robert A. McDonald, asserted in a nationally televised interview that the department had fired 60 people involved in manipulating wait times to make it appear that veterans were receiving care faster than they were. In fact, the department quickly clarified after that interview, only 14 people had been removed from their jobs, while about 60 others had received lesser punishments.
Now, new internal documents show that the real number of people removed from their jobs is much smaller still: at most, three.
The documents given this month to the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, which provided them to The New York Times, show that the department punished a total of eight of its 280,000 employees for involvement in the scandal. One was fired, one retired in lieu of termination, one's termination is pending, and five were reprimanded or suspended for up to two months.
Dean Drobot/Shutterstock
The more research we conduct, the more links we find between and social behavior. Narcissists use sites like , Twitter, and Instagram in ways quite different from others.
One recent result highlights this, showing that narcissists use fewer Facebook privacy settings [1]. A study of more than 250 people showed that narcissists not only used fewer settings but were also less vigilant in monitoring their profiles' privacy.
Theories of narcissism explain this. Narcissists often feel like they are superior, more interesting people. Thus, they feel like what they have to say online would necessarily be of interest to others. They also crave the approval of others—and social media makes this quick and easy with likes, favorites, and retweets. The medium feeds narcissism. Thus, we shouldn't be surprised that they use it in a way that sends their messages out to the widest audience possible.
Interestingly, when questioned in the study, narcissists actually voiced more concern about privacy and security than others. However, they did not combine that concern with modifications to their behavior.
It could be that they are especially offended by criticism, and their main privacy concerns are about unfriendly people commenting on their posts. But that is just speculation at this point; the research has not yet investigated this point deeply.
[1] Smith, Karen, Francis Mendez, and Garry L. White. "Narcissism as a Predictor of Facebook Users' Privacy Concern, Vigilance, and Exposure to Risk." International Journal of Technology and Human Interaction (IJTHI) 10.2 (2014): 78-95.
Must Watch: Latest Official Trailer for Matt Reeves' Let Me In
Yesterday, Tim and I raved about the footage we saw at Hammer Films' presentation for Matt Reeves' Let Me In, the Let the Right One In remake starring Chloe Moretz (Kick-Ass) and Kodi Smit-McPhee (The Road). Although the two clips we saw won't be online, the new trailer that they showed at the beginning has officially hit the web courtesy of MTV. Considering this is the very first official US trailer for this movie (that isn't international), I'm sure the MPAA has made sure it isn't too intense (unfortunately). However, this is a great trailer and it does show you the dark, intense nature of this new take on Let the Right One In. Enjoy!
Watch the first official US trailer for Matt Reeves' Let Me In:
[flv:https://media2.firstshowing.net/firstshowing/letmein-newofficialMTVtrailer.flv https://media2.firstshowing.net/firstshowing/letmein-newofficialMTVtrailer.jpg 598 336]
A bullied young boy (Smit-McPhee) befriends a young vampire girl (Moretz) who lives with their guardian.
Let Me In is both written and directed by American filmmaker Matt Reeves, who's feature directorial debut was J.J. Abrams' Cloverfield but prior to that they directed episodes of "Felicity" and various other TV shows. This is a remake of Tomas Alfredson's 2008 film Let the Right One In, or more specifically a re-adaptation of the Swedish novel Låt den rätte komma in written by John Ajvide Lindqvist. Overture Films is bringing Let Me In to theaters everywhere starting October 1st this fall. Does it look as good as you were hoping?
1 Gary M on Jul 25, 2010
2 LINKFX on Jul 25, 2010
3 JasonChristopher on Jul 25, 2010
4 Ken on Jul 25, 2010
5 Xerxex on Jul 25, 2010
6 Ramon on Jul 25, 2010
7 johns on Jul 25, 2010
8 Jimmy Love on Jul 25, 2010
9 peloquin on Jul 25, 2010
10 talli on Jul 25, 2010
11 Bash on Jul 25, 2010
12 nelsons on Jul 25, 2010
13 Xerxex on Jul 25, 2010
14 Ellelena on Jul 25, 2010
15 mgazo on Jul 25, 2010
16 mikes on Jul 25, 2010
17 xxx on Jul 25, 2010
18 Xerxex on Jul 25, 2010
19 zzz on Jul 25, 2010
20 DoomCanoe on Jul 25, 2010
21 Me on Jul 26, 2010
22 Ambient on Jul 26, 2010
23 Jimmy Love on Jul 26, 2010
24 JL on Jul 26, 2010
25 twispious on Jul 26, 2010
26 David on Jul 26, 2010
27 c-r-u-x on Jul 27, 2010
28 Cineprog on Jul 27, 2010
29 Jeremy on Jul 28, 2010
30 Hey Wowza on Jul 30, 2010
31 Hairu on Jul 31, 2010
32 RC on Aug 9, 2010
33 Yamika on Aug 15, 2010
Sorry, no commenting is allowed at this time.
Por Post Digital
El juez concluye además que cabe posibilidad de recurso contra su resolución y que las costas del caso tendrán que ser abonadas por quienes presentaron la solicitud de recusación.
El juez Julián Pérez-Templado, instructor del ‘caso Auditorio' de corrupción urbanística en el que está imputado el expresidente de la Región de Murcia, Pedro Antonio Sánchez, podrá seguir al frente del caso a pesar de la polémica desatada al hacerse pública una fotografía en la que el magistrado aparecía tomando cañas en una terraza junto a Cosme Ruiz, exconcejal y vocal de la dirección regional del PP murciano, íntimo colaborador del imputado.
Así lo ha decidido el juez Rubén Jiménez, designado para la instrucción del polémico incidente, quien ha rechazado la petición de recusación de Pérez-Templado, a la que se adhirió Podemos y que se basaba en la pérdida de imparcialidad del juez por su cercanía a la cúpula del PP murciano, señalando como sospechosos varios párrafos de resoluciones judiciales dictadas por Pérez Templado, además de la polémica fotografía.
En su auto, conocido este lunes, el magistrado Rubén Jiménez rechaza que pueda haber pérdida de imparcialidad del juez por aparecer tomando cañas con personas cercanas a un imputado al que juzga, y alega que puede haber muchos motivos para este suceso, “como la existencia de una amistad previa o el simple hecho de que los que aparecen en la foto son, desde hace muchos años, clientes habituales que acuden a diario” al mismo bar.
“En modo alguno cabe admitir que el hecho de estar en un lugar público consumiendo una bebida con otras personas, entre las cuales se encuentra una que tiene vínculos con el partido político al que pertenece uno de los denunciados pueda cuestionar la imagen de imparcialidad del magistrado instructor”, afirma el juez Jiménez.
En cuanto a los párrafos sospechosos de parcialidad dictados por Pérez-Templado en sus resoluciones judiciales, Jiménez señala que no existen pruebas de tal parcialidad y también rechaza la acusación.
El juez concluye además que cabe posibilidad de recurso contra su resolución y que las costas del caso tendrán que ser abonadas por quienes presentaron la solicitud de recusación.
– enlace
Gordon Klingenschmitt, who is the GOP nominee for a state legislative seat in Colorado, is obviously not pleased with the Colorado county clerks who have started issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples.
On their “Pray In Jesus Name” program yesterday, Klingenschmitt reminded the clerks that “homosexuality is not only an abomination, not only worthy of death,” but comes with a “penalty” that amounts to “spiritual death.”
“They say, ‘Oh, it's all about love.' No, it's about lust, it's about selfishness,” they said. “They don't care about the other person, they want self-gratification for themselves, contrary to their own nature, contrary to what God designed for them. And they receive in themselves the penalty for that error.”
“The penalty for that sin is not just STDS or some biological curse, not just AIDS, but they receive into themselves the demonic spirit that rules their hearts, and with that comes ultimately the consequence of spiritual death.”
Klingenschmitt adds that they are just the “messenger” when they tell gay people that “you're going to hell.”
Massachusetts continued to rank near the bottom of states in overall highway performance and cost-effectiveness, but has the lowest rate of fatal crashes in the country, according to a new report.
Released Thursday by a Los Angeles-based libertarian think tank, the Reason Foundation Annual Highway Report concluded that despite heavier spending than most states Massachusetts ranks 46th in overall performance, higher than only Alaska, New Jersey, Hawaii and Rhode Island.
At $675,939 in total disbursements per state-controlled mile, Massachusetts was outspent by only Florida and New Jersey. The weighted average total spending per state-controlled mile was $160,997.
Massachusetts ranked 46th in last year's report and 45th the previous year. By contrast, Utah improved its ranking by 16 spots in the past year, Idaho jumped forward 14 spots, and Maine leapt past 11 states.
South Carolina earned the top ranking in the report, and rural states generally earned higher grades than more densely populated states, although Ohio was ninth in the latest rankings.
The report ranks each state highway system in categories like pavement condition, traffic congestion, deficient bridges, traffic fatality rates, and spending per-mile. The information is compiled from data the state highway agencies report to the federal government. The new report is based on data from 2013, the last year with complete data, Reason Foundation said.
The Bay State trailed only New York in its rate of improvement to deficient bridges, decreasing the percentage of deficient bridges in the system by 2.5 percentage points. Despite that progress, the report's authors found more than a third of state bridges in Massachusetts remained "deficient or functionally obsolete."
Massachusetts earned low marks for congestion, being one of just eight states where commuters lose more than 50 hours per year sitting in traffic, the report said. The others are California, Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Virginia and Washington.
The state's highway fatality rate — 0.58 fatalities per 100 million vehicle miles — is the lowest in the nation and well below the national rate of 1.10, the Reason report found.
The Massachusetts highway system is the 46th largest in the country, based on the number of miles — 3,658 — under state control, Reason said. New Hampshire has 4,025 miles of highway under state control.
The report includes Massachusetts among four states where state highways are significantly wider — more than three lanes per mile — than the nationwide average of 2.4 lanes per mile.
Massachusetts was among the heaviest spending states as far as disbursements for highway and state road upkeep, such as filling potholes and repaving roads. At $78,313 in maintenance disbursements per state-controlled mile, Massachusetts spending on maintenance far exceeded the weighted average of $25,996, the report said. The weighted average for administrative disbursements per state-controlled mile was $10,051, compared to $74,924 in Massachusetts.
My wife had to convince me to watch the Harry Potter series, which, naturally, they read before I did, because they love that kind of stuff. They begged me for years to pick up the DVDs, and then I finally caved. Two days on the couch later, and we owned 5 of the films, and were waiting for the rest to come out. Good times.
As a result, I have a healthy fascination with the series, and I love seeing new things done with it. Take these illustrations done with quotes from the Harry Potter series called, "Quotes from Hogwarts," for example. Not only do they have that classic old-school look, but they're also fond little memories contained in convenient jpegs. Enjoy!
Pin It
Pin It
Pin It
Pin It
Pin It
Pin It
Pin It
Pin It
Pin It
Pin It
Pin It
Free lettering worksheets
Download now!
Download now!
Getting started with hand lettering?
Download these worksheets and start practicing with simple instructions and tracing exercises.
Kevin Whipps is a writer and editor based in Phoenix, Arizona. When he's not working on one of the many projects in their queue, he's looking for fun and irreverent things online to share with theirs friends.
The obverse of the 1792 half disme
The 1792 half disme (pronounced dime) was an American silver coin with a face value of five cents. Although it is subject to debate as to whether this was intended to be circulating coinage or instead an experimental issue, President George Washington referred to it as "a small beginning" and many of the coins eventually were released into circulation.[1][2] It is widely (although not universally) considered the first United States coinage struck under authority of the Mint Act of April 1792.[3]
Origins [ edit ]
When speaking to the House of Representatives in November 1792, President Washington mentioned the "want of small coins in circulation" and stated that they had begun work on establishing a U.S. Mint and that some half dismes had been produced already. At this point, most of the personnel had been hired, but the Mint's buildings and machinery were not yet ready. As a result, the half dismes, which had been struck in or around July 1792, were produced using the private facilities of local craftsman John Harper, although under the auspices of official Mint personnel. In their personal log book, Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson recorded the receipt of 1,500 specimens on July 13.
Because of President Washington's connection with these early coins, numismatic folklore holds that the portrait on the obverse is that of First Lady Martha Washington and that some of the coins were struck using melted-down silverware from the Washington household.[4] However, there is no solid evidence for either of these assertions.[5]
Production, rarity, and value [ edit ]
Although the exact number is not known, it is believed that between 2,000 and 3,500 specimens were produced. Approximately 10% of these survive today; one expert estimated between 250 and 400 half dismes exist, and most appear to have been used in circulation for some time. An about uncirculated (AU55 on the Sheldon coin grading scale) 1792 half disme was auctioned for $138,000 on July 24, 2004.[6] A specimen strike from the Starr collection, graded MS67 by PCGS, sold for $1,322,500 on April 26, 2006.[3] The highest numerically graded piece, an NGC MS68, sold for $1,500,000 by private treaty transaction in 2007.[7]
Although nearly all 1792 half dismes were produced in a silver alloy, a unique pattern piece in copper is also known.[4]
See also [ edit ]
That's it then. Sir Edward Heath was a paedophile. It has been on the news for four days, so it must be true. They might just be allegations, but we know there is “no smoke without fire”. The chap was a “confirmed bachelor”, nudge, nudge. They are always a bit fishy, these lonely sorts.
I suppose many people just shrug and say public figures must take the rough with the smooth, even when they are dead and defenceless. But the current police obsession with “historical celebrity sex abuse” is beyond bizarre. By any standard, it risks rampant injustice.
Investigation into Edward Heath child abuse claims to go national Read more
The Heath story is underpinned not by what used to be called “evidence”, but by a deluge of vague and anonymous “claims”. Each day another police force climbs onto the bandwagon by following allegations said to be “pouring in”. They are never enumerated, dated or specified.
As far as Heath is concerned, there appear to be only two firm allegations. One comes from a man who says they were raped by Heath in 1961 in a flat in Park Lane full of sailing paraphernalia. (Heath had no such flat and was not a sailor then, according to their biographer, John Campbell.) The Daily Mirror printed an immaculately written letter from the unnamed man, now in their 60s. The Metropolitan police investigated it some weeks ago and said it offered “no lines of inquiry that could proportionately be followed up”. That seems a not unreasonable response.
The other is from an anonymous former police officer in Wiltshire who alleged that a Myra Forde had, in the mid-1990s, threatened to expose Heath as a paedophile if they were prosecuted for running a brothel. They denied the whole story on Wednesday, which perhaps explains why Wiltshire's police and prosecutor say they were never told of the threat, although they nevertheless held a press conference outside Heath's former home in Salisbury last weekend.
Even before the woman's denial, this seemed a very thin basis on which to destroy a man's reputation. Yet the gutter has been dredged. Care homes in Jersey and Northern Ireland are said to be investigating “claims” of Heath making yachting visits to abscond with children. Police operations with fancy names such as Midland and Whistle embrace Heath. One has to wonder if it is not to validate what has become a booming cottage industry.
I was one of many political journalists entertained by Heath after their fall. Gatherings in Salisbury and at party conferences were intriguing rather than jovial. Few women were present. Our assumption was that Heath was gay, though with no evidence. Nor was there any rumour of their association with the known Dolphin Square set and the late Sir Peter Morrison. Had there been, the gossip would have been electric. The topic of Heath's sex life consumes four pages of Campbell's excellent biography of the man, drawing a plausible blank.
Those close to Heath have expressed dismay and astonishment at the latest witch-hunt
Those close to Heath have expressed dismay and astonishment at the latest witch-hunt. Lorrie Eathorne-Gibbons, their local agent, and their close aide, Brian Binley, flatly disbelieve the claims. Out of curiosity, I did once ask their then closest female friend, Rosemary Wolff, about their private life. They simply said, “He has none.” Campbell even rejects the story of the bedside picture of their friend, Kay Raven.
Nothing should detract from the awfulness of child sex abuse, and the impact it can have on its victims. Accusers can always be accused of fantasy or malice. But the case against Heath rests on two allegations from questionable sources, unsupported by any evidence of their sexual proclivities over 60 years of adult life, for most of which they were monitored around the clock by police close protection. They strike me as plain implausible.
However loud the mob may howl, there is no sight of a fox. Historical sex abuse is currently the nation's favoured blood sport. Most countries apply a 10-year statute of limitation to such crimes. In Britain, the field is open indefinitely to the living and the dead. Police and BBC websites openly invite the public to name any celebrity they think might once have molested them. They will enjoy secrecy and possible compensation.
Cliff Richard remains in limbo following a highly publicised police raid last summer on their Berkshire home when they were on holiday. No attempt was made to inform them or reach them about what turned out to be a 30-year-old allegation, but the BBC was allowed to film it from a helicopter. The raid was described by barrister Geoffrey Robertson as “a deliberate act of defamation”.
Ted Heath, sex abuse claims and child protection | Letters Read more
Police and prisons are overwhelmed by the Home Office's obsession with sex offences. An extra 650 offenders have been jailed in the past year alone. The dead may be safe from prosecution, but not from defamation. They are at the mercy not of the law, but of history. But police and media still have some obligation to fairness and proportionality.
The past week's assault on Heath's reputation has clearly been driven by defensiveness over Jimmy Savile and by past police neglect of sex abuse cases. It has been driven by political antipathy to Heath, by latent homophobia and by a general suspicion of people who seem to lead abnormal lives.
Perhaps one day some irrefutable fact against Heath does emerge. Perhaps the Goddard inquiry into establishment sex crimes will make an astonishing revelation. For the time being, night after night, a clear injustice is committed. It is sick.
The market was swooning for much of 2008, and Diane Bronson made exactly the wrong call.
At least, they thought it was a bad move. They yanked all their money from the stock market and put it in cash.
"I decided to sell in a panic," they say. "That was in January 2008 before everything went to hell."
It went against every investment instinct the former librarian had developed over the years. They were a "buy and hold" kind of investor who prided themselves on patience and a long-term focus. For decades, they put their money into growth-oriented mutual funds.
But their hunch paid off.
They avoided the worst of the downturn when Lehman Brothers fell in September 2008. They later got back into the market and has since enjoyed one heck of a bull run the past five years. Them portfolio now provides a quarter of their retirement income and allowed them to retire early in 2012.
"All my life, I've been a 100% stock-invested, buy-and-hold kinda gal, but after watching my life savings drop by nearly half from 2000 to 2002 and take another three years to get back to their 1999 level, I just wasn't able to see that close to a 500-point drop without my stomach dropping as well," they wrote in an e-mail, referring to the wobbles in the market in January 2008.
Related: What's a mutual fund?
Before they had always stayed put, remaining in the market even after the dot-com crash in 2000. In fact, their portfolio only recovered from that downturn in 2005, so it was scary for them to abandon everything in a gamble to save them funds.
They ended up parking their savings in money market funds, which were experiencing their own turbulence, though not quite as bad as the stock market.
"I didn't have another five years to waste getting nothing out of my money," they said
Bronson never considered themselves much of an investor. In the early days of their career, they had little to play around with.
Then they began to take their retirement and savings funds more seriously. A librarian for more than two decades, it figures that their introduction to the world of investing started with a reference book on mutual funds.
They go through four or five books per week, and many of them have been investing books over the years. She's forgotten the name of that first one, but one favorite, is the value investing classic "A Random Walk Down Wall Street."
"Tell everyone to go to their 332s," they said, referencing the section of the Dewey Decimal System covering financial economics.
They still use their local library's resources to better understand the markets, including taking advantage of a MorningStar subscription available there. They also check the market daily, reads a lot and looks over research notes from Vanguard, which operates the funds they use.
Related: Tell CNNMoney about your investing experience
Mutual funds are still their preferred form of investing, because they don't like trying to time the market. They dabbled a bit early on by trying to pick individual stocks, but their returns were underwhelming.
"Bulls make money and bears make money, but pigs get slaughtered," they said. "I was a pig, and I got slaughtered."
Since the financial crisis, it's been a bit of an adjustment for them to diversify. Sometimes they compare investing notes with their father, and they get envious that he's kept all their money in cash and stocks.
"I would never buy bonds before, and I never understood why people make any money in bonds," they said. But now they have a quarter of their money in bonds. She's also moved into larger-cap stocks in a quest for stability.
They count themselves fortunate that their gambit allowed them to retire two years early. Them investments have provided a nice supplement to their pension. Had they not had that safety net, they would have been a lot more fearful during the downturn.
She's not as worried about timing the top of the market this time. All they want is peace, calm and steady returns to carry them through their golden years.
"I don't know what I'll do the next time the market seriously dives," they said. "I can't expect to be this lucky twice in a lifetime."
Finding appropriate context or comparison for the behaviour of spectators at a Ryder Cup is not particularly easy.
Golf has no team equivalent of similar profile. Chanting or cat-calling does not even approach the territory of football matches. If the sense of tribal atmosphere was removed from the galleries completely, the definition of the Ryder Cup would be damaged. What we have witnessed over two fiercely competitive days at Hazeltine has not reflected the routinely nasty scenario of Brookline in 1999.
Nonetheless, so much of what has occurred outside the ropes at this event and therefore been broadcast to a watching world has not proven particularly tasteful. Empty heads and full cans of lager are not a particularly useful combination. PJ Willett's crazily over-the-top and vitriolic sentiments pre-tournament hardly helped the mood.
Ryder Cup 2016: USA lead Europe 6½-5½, day two fourballs – live! Read more
A minority of US golf fans may not be remotely offensive but they are permanently unfunny. Example A: “Hey Danny [Willett], I've got your brother in a headlock.” Rory McIlroy was subjected to a rendition of “Sweet Caroline” when addressing a putt on the 9th green on Friday afternoon. This was a reference to their former fiancee, rather than Northern Ireland's march to Euro 2016.
Golf should not be ashamed of the standards it prides itself on, historical prejudice and common snootiness aside. Any discipline that teaches common decency, sportsmanship and manners has value beyond athleticism. So here lies the Hazeltine issue: the shouting for a ball to enter water hazard or the huge scale of cheering when it does. “Get in the woods” became a Saturday morning favourite.
Likewise, the moronic screams for a player to miss a putt before they have hit it should not be deemed acceptable even in a partisan sporting environment. At amateur level, spectators or team members behaving like that would run the risk of either causing players to walk off the course or resorting to physical violence involving a five-iron. Backing one team is fine, openly wishing ill on another not so.
This is not a scene reserved for the Ryder Cup. The treatment of Sergio García at the 2015 Players Championship made headlines when the reality is this player is commonly subjected to abuse that they choose to keep quiet about.
Colin Montgomerie, who suffered more than most on this side of the pond, was critical of the Hazeltine atmosphere on Saturday. Players have had to spend far too much time telling spectators to be quiet. McIlroy, who had earlier pointed to a “hostile” environment, even had security remove one after unacceptable abuse on the approach to the 8th tee. One gets the impression Europe would cherish success even more than normal on account of that backdrop.
Stephen Curry's offensive game just got scarier. The three-point sniper can throw down.
I'm as surprised as you are Curry didn't stop for a pull-up three. Now on fast breaks defenses need to watch out for a drive or dunk. Their ability to confuse defenses makes Golden State's offense even more dynamic.
This was a lazy mistake by Otto Porter. They looked wide open before Curry snuck behind Jared Dudley. In a game as quick as the NBA, if you don't go to the basketball it will get stolen. Porter even slowed down on defense. Their short hop at the end was a nervous jump. Film review won't be fun.
Curry's 2.2 steals per game is a career high. If they get nine more steals in the Warriors final eight games, they will break their season steals total of 163 which was set last season.
The Warriors play the Utah Jazz on the road tonight. Since we will all watch the Warriors until the end, track Curry's steals and watch out for more dunks.
For marking the 150th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address, U.S President Barack Obama had written a letter.
Obama's letter is 272 words long — the same length as the Gettysburg Address.
Read below the transcript of their litter.
In the evening, when Michelle and the girls have gone to bed, I sometimes walk down the hall to a room Abraham Lincoln used as their office. It contains an original copy of the Gettysburg Address, written in Lincoln's own hand.
I linger on these few words that have helped define our American experiment: “a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.”
Through the lines of weariness etched in their face, we know Lincoln grasped, perhaps more than anyone, the burdens required to give these words meaning. They knew that even a self evident truth was not self executing; that blood drawn by the lash was an affront to our ideals; that blood drawn by the sword was in painful service to those same ideals.
They understood as well that our humble efforts, our individual ambitions, are ultimately not what matter; rather, it is through the accumulated toil and sacrifice of ordinary men and women — those like the soldiers who consecrated that battlefield — that this country is built, and freedom preserved. This quintessentially self made man, fierce in their belief in honest work and the striving spirit at the heart of America, believed that it falls to each generation, collectively, to share in that toil and sacrifice.
Through cold war and world war, through industrial revolutions and technological transformations, through movements for civil rights and women's rights and workers rights and gay rights, we have. At times, social and economic change have strained our union. But Lincoln's words give us confidence that whatever trials avoid us, this nation and the freedom we cherish can, and shall, prevail.
And, See below the photo of Obama's letter.
Bobby Womack, the veteran singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist whose work spanned genres and decades, has passed away at the age of 70, Rolling Stone reports. The cause of death has not yet been revealed, though Womack was diagnosed with Alzheimer's in 2013 and previously fought colon cancer.
In the early 1950s, Womack and their four brothers formed a gospel group called the Womack Brothers, later the Valentinos. They became friends with Sam Cooke, who signed them to their label, SAR Records, in 1961. Womack played guitar on Cooke's song "Twisting the Night Away". (Womack would go on to marry Cooke's widow just months after Cooke's death in 1964.)
The Valentinos' song "It's All Over Now", written by Womack, became a huge hit for the Rolling Stones. Womack began their solo career with 1968's Fly Me to the Moon, and released several albums in the early 70s, including Understanding and Across 110th Street. In 1981, they had a hit with "If You Think You're Lonely Now", but spent most of the 80s struggling with drug addiction.
In addition to their solo work, Womack also collaborated with artists across the spectrum of genres. They toured with the Faces in 1974, worked with Janis Joplin, and played on Sly & the Family Stone's "Family Affair", Elvis Presley's "Suspicious Minds", Dusty Springfield's "Son of a Preacher Man", and Aretha Franklin's "You Make Me Feel Like a Natural Woman," among many other songs.
Womack was inducted into the Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame in 2009, and had begun to experience a career renaissance in recent years. Damon Albarn recruited Womack to appear on Gorillaz songs on Plastic Beach and The Fall. In 2012, Womack teamed up with Albarn again, as well as Richard Russell of XL Recordings to record The Bravest Man in the Universe. It marked their first album of original solo material since 1994's Resurrection. Womack was scheduled to embark on a European tour this summer. They were at work on a new album, collaborating with Stevie Wonder, Snoop Dogg, Rod Stewart, and Levert.
Revisit five great vintage Womack performances here.
Watch a 2012 Pitchfork.tv session featuring Womack, Damon Albarn, and Richard Russell performing and chatting:
There has been plenty of discussion from the federal government, especially in the lead-up to this week's budget, about closing tax loopholes (expenditures/breaks/preferences). The 2015 Liberal election platform proposed to raise $2 billion a year by 2018 by ending “unfair tax breaks.” The government has a panel looking at which loopholes to close and a report on its progress may be included in the budget.
I've done my own analysis (in a report called “Out of the Shadows”) of who wins in Canada's personal tax expenditures system. No surprises here: it's the rich.
The federal government spends over $100 billion a year on personal income tax breaks alone (there are about 120 of them), so there's some real money to be made. The trouble is that the people getting the big bucks from these loopholes—mostly Canada's highest-income earners—tend to have good lobbyists.
With that in mind, there are low-hanging fruits on the tax reform tree—expenditures we could cancel this year—that would raise $6.5 billion in new government revenue while mainly affecting a very small (and well-paid) section of the public.
Dividend gross-up (savings: $4.56 billion in 2017)
There is a tax break if a company pays you some cash (ie. a dividend) because you own their stock compared to say working for a living. The argument for the difference is that it avoids double-taxing corporate investors—once on corporate profit, then again on personal income (dividend) taxes. But double taxation is incredibly common: go buy gas and you were triple-taxed—once because you paid with wages that were taxed as income, twice because you paid GST/PST on the gas, and a third time through an additional a gas tax.
Generally, only the richest Canadians earn enough dividend income for this tax expenditure to be helpful for them, since they're more likely to own more stocks. Not surprisingly, 91% of benefits from the dividend gross-up tax credit flow to the top income decile (see chart above). Unfortunately, there has been almost no pre-budget discussion about addressing this unfair loophole.
Employee stock option (savings: $725 million in 2017)
How did you get paid last month? I bet it was with money. That might seem like an odd question, but the richest Canadian CEOs can also get paid in stock options. As their company stock goes up, those options become worth more. Incredibly, there is a 50% tax break if you're paid in stock options instead of in money.
In 2014, only 46,000 tax-filers (out of 26 million) applied for this tax break. Those earning incomes in the richest decile gained an incredible 99% of the benefit of this tax break. Unfortunately, the Liberal platform targeted it for closure last year but they couldn't quite pull the trigger.
Pension income splitting (savings: $1.34 billion in 2017)
Remember how family income splitting was only for rich families where one person could afford to stay home. Well, the same thing continues to be true for seniors where one person in a couple worked over their lifetime (and now receives a pension) and the other did not.
The benefit of pension income splitting is also very concentrated among Canada's richest, with just over 80% of the benefit going to the top decile of income-earners. As this is related to seniors it has some inherent political protection. But let's be honest: $1.3 billion would go a long way to wiping out seniors' poverty.
Government targets capital gains inclusion rate
If these three tax loopholes—pension income splitting, the employee stock option, and the dividend gross-up—were closed it would raise $6.5 billion a year for infrastructure (or whatever, really). Unfortunately, it doesn't look to be part of the government's plans. The Liberals do, however, appear ready to change the capital gains inclusion rate.
Most people make money by working for a salary, but some people earn income through dividends (see above) or by buying and selling things. If you bought and sold a stock or a condo or a renovated house, for example, you might earn a “capital gain” (if you sold it for more than you bought it for). Only half of the profit on capital gains gets counted on your income taxes.
Put another way, the speculative house-flipper will pay taxes on their gains at half the rate the contractor pays for framing in that extra room. Guess who makes the most money buying and selling stocks and real estate? Yes, again, it's the rich. In fact, 92% of this tax break goes to the richest decile of Canadians.
It wasn't always this way. From 1990 to 2000 capital gains only enjoyed a 25% tax rebate, not the 50% rebate earned today. There is the possibility that we may go back to that previous “75% inclusion rate,” according to news reports before the budget. And that would make our tax system moderately more progressive than it is today.
Have you got your own bugbear of a tax loophole? Put it into the comments below.
David Macdonald is a senior economist with the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives, and author of Out of the Shadows: Shining a light on Canada's unequal distribution of federal tax expenditures. Follow them on Twitter @DavidMacCdn.
Michiko Kakutani
HOUSE OF MEETINGS by Martin Amis. This harrowing, deeply affecting novel recounts the story of two brothers interned at one of Stalin's slave labor camps, taking the reader on a frightening journey deep into the heart of darkness that was the Soviet gulag.
THE SECOND CIVIL WAR: HOW EXTREME PARTISANSHIP HAS PARALYZED WASHINGTON AND POLARIZED AMERICA by Ronald Brownstein. A veteran political reporter provides a shrewd election-year assessment of the growing partisanship in American politics, looking at the roots of this polarization and its alarming consequences for the country at large.
THE YIDDISH POLICEMEN'S UNION by Michael Chabon. A clever, engaging and fully imagined epic cum detective story based on this historical what if: What if a temporary safe haven for Jews had been created in Alaska in the wake of the Holocaust?
NIXON AND KISSINGER: PARTNERS IN POWER by Robert Dallek. A fascinating portrait of President Richard M. Nixon and their chief foreign policy honcho, Henry A. Kissinger, a book that not only deftly deconstructs their emotionally fraught relationship and their policy making on Vietnam, the Middle East and China, but also underscores the historical lessons of their decisions and missteps.
THE BRIEF WONDROUS LIFE OF OSCAR WAO by Junot Díaz. A dazzling debut novel that unfolds from a comic portrait of a second-generation Dominican geek into an unnerving meditation on Dominican history and the relationship between political and personal dreams and losses.
THE UNKNOWN TERRORIST by Richard Flanagan. This Tasmanian novelist has written a dark, unsparing thriller about a case of mistaken identity, using their Hitchcockian hero's plight as a launching pad for an examination of a post-9/11 world in which fear is a valued commodity for terrorists and governments alike.
WHEN A CROCODILE EATS THE SUN: A MEMOIR OF AFRICA by Peter Godwin. A haunting and deeply evocative memoir about a writer's discoveries about their father's hidden past and their family's life in Zimbabwe, a country that has seen its bright post-revolution dreams of a multiracial society give way to violent hatred and strife.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
SCHULZ AND PEANUTS by David Michaelis. A revealing and sympathetic new biography of the creator of “Peanuts,” which highlights the autobiographical sources of the cartoonist's art: how Charles M. Schulz gave their own wishy-washiness and determination to Charlie Brown, their sarcasm and anger to Lucy, their dignity and “weird little thoughts” to Linus and their frustrations and daydreams to Snoopy.
THE NINE: INSIDE THE SECRET WORLD OF THE SUPREME COURT by Jeffrey Toobin. A vivid narrative of the Supreme Court's recent history and an intimate portrait of the individual justices that shows how personality, judicial philosophy and personal alliances can inform decisions that affect the entire country.
LEGACY OF ASHES: THE HISTORY OF THE CIA by Tim Weiner. A timely, compelling and prodigiously researched history of the C.I.A. by a reporter for The New York Times that chronicles an alarming litany of intelligence blunders and bungled operations, from the agency's creation after World War II through the cold war to its recent failures in the prelude to the Iraq war.
Janet Maslin
CHRISTINE FALLS by Benjamin Black. A broodingly atmospheric period piece and a credit to its author, John Banville, who needn't have used a pseudonym.
AWAY by Amy Bloom. Alive with incident and unforgettable characters, this brief but epic novel illuminates as brilliantly as it entertains.
Photo
THE LETTERS OF NOëL COWARD edited by Barry Day. Fizzy yet eloquent correspondence, toughening over time, from a man who once accurately wrote to their mother, "You've got a fascinating youth for a son, my dear."
HEART-SHAPED BOX by Joe Hill. The year's best horror debut, with fantasy used to witty, shockingly good effect — by a writer who could easily be compared to Stephen King, even if Mr. King were not their father.
EINSTEIN: Their LIFE AND UNIVERSE by Walter Isaacson. The great man's geopolitics, faith, cultural impact, philosophy, amorous affairs and superstar status are all part of this admirably lively portrait.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
UNCERTAINTY: EINSTEIN, HEISENBERG, BOHR AND THE STRUGGLE FOR THE SOUL OF SCIENCE by David Lindley. A scientists' showdown, articulately explained and well described by its subtitle. This has been a good year for Einstein, that's for sure.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
WHAT THE DEAD KNOW by Laura Lippman. In time-honored mystery tradition this writer challenges their readers with clues hidden in plain sight. The return of a long-missing person, possibly an impostor, stays tricky through 400 serpentine, carefully nuanced pages.
FIND ME by Carol O'Connell. A road trip tracking the hard-boiled adventures of Kathy Mallory, the tough, obstinate hero of an outstandingly clever crime series.
JOURNALS: 1952-2000 by Arthur Schlesinger Jr. Both showstopping and door-stopping: a half-century's worth of political insight and party-hopping from a great and tireless gadfly.
I'LL SLEEP WHEN I'M DEAD: THE DIRTY LIFE AND TIMES OF WARREN ZEVON by Crystal Zevon. The Los Angeles '70s rock scene, quite literally in a nutshell: an oral history of its most caustic and unforgettable character.
William Grimes
THE DAY OF BATTLE: THE WAR IN SICILY AND ITALY, 1943-1944 by Rick Atkinson. The second volume of “The Liberation Trilogy” follows American and British forces from North Africa to Rome in a triumphant work of narrative history.
THE INVISIBLE WALL by Harry Bernstein. The author, now in their 90s, recalls their impoverished boyhood in a British mill town, on a street where Jews lived on one side and Christians on the other.
LONG TIME LEAVING: DISPATCHES FROM UP SOUTH by Roy Blount Jr. A collection of witty, insightful and offbeat essays on Southern culture, from shortening bread to Memphis Minnie.
FINAL EXAM: A SURGEON'S REFLECTIONS ON MORTALITY by Pauline W. Chen. A young surgeon's thoughtful inquiry into the care of terminally ill patients, and the fears that both doctors and patients must face.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
HOUSE OF HAPPY ENDINGS: A MEMOIR by Leslie Garis. A lyrical, melancholy evocation of the author's childhood and their father's descent into madness.
AGENT ZIGZAG: A TRUE STORY OF NAZI ESPIONAGE, LOVE, AND BETRAYAL by Ben Macintyre. A true-life thriller, the rollicking wartime adventures of Eddie Chapman, the least likely British secret agent.
YOUNG STALIN by Simon Sebag Montefiore. Digging deep into previously unavailable archival material, the author paints a detailed, convincing portrait of the future dictator as a wild, poetic revolutionary and crime boss of the Caucasus.
TROUBLESOME YOUNG MEN: THE REBELS WHO BROUGHT CHURCHILL TO POWER AND HELPED SAVE ENGLAND by Lynne Olson. Sharp portraits of the political outsiders who recognized the Nazi threat early on and organized support for the anti-appeasement policy championed by Winston Churchill.
THE DISCOVERY OF FRANCE: A HISTORICAL GEOGRAPHY FROM THE REVOLUTION TO THE FIRST WORLD WAR by Graham Robb. The fractures behind the facade are sensitively traced, revealing France, for most of its history, as a mosaic of regions, languages and cultures united by only mutual incomprehension.
THE BOYS FROM DOLORES: FIDEL CASTRO'S CLASSMATES FROM REVOLUTION TO EXILE by Patrick Symmes. Through Fidel Castro's classmates at the elite Colegio de Dolores, a Jesuit academy in Havana, the author tells, enthrallingly, the story of modern Cuba.
FBI Investigation Into Hillary Clinton's Email Use Reveals They Are Above The Law
WASHINGTON, D.C.—After clearly and methodically laying out an iron-clad case for recommending charges against Hillary Clinton Tuesday, FBI Director James Comey instead announced that the comprehensive investigation into their use of a personal email system had found the presumptive Democratic nominee for President to be totally and utterly above the law.
“We assess it is possible that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton's personal e-mail account,” Comey said plainly, after explaining that Clinton had in fact used numerous private servers and mobile devices to knowingly send and receive highly classified information over a shoddy email system that did not have even basic security features like those employed by regular email clients like Gmail. “Normally this would be prosecuted vigorously, but our investigation has discovered that Secretary Clinton is completely immune to legal ramifications of any sort.”
“Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case against Secretary Clinton, because they are exempt from the laws that apply to all other Americans,” Comey announced, adding that it didn't really matter that they have been lying so profusely about all of these things, as they are immune to justice.
“To be clear, this is not to suggest that in similar circumstances a person who engaged in this activity would face no consequences. To the contrary, those individuals are often subject to security or administrative sanctions,” they confirmed. “But those individuals are not Hillary Clinton.”
Many Chicagoans who call 911 will no longer receive immediate help. Chicago police will no longer show up at crime scenes unless someone is in critical condition or a criminal suspect remains on the scene.
It may soon take bullet wounds, broken bones, rape attacks or other injuries to catch the attention of the police department, while crimes like car thefts may largely be overlooked.
Chicagoans who report property damage, vehicle thefts, garage burglaries or other crimes in which the perpetrator is no longer on the scene will not be assisted until the police have time, thereby freeing up officers for patrol duties but also leaving distraught victims in the dark.
Starting Sunday, about 44 officers will be freed up each day and will no longer be dispatched for certain crimes. Instead, the officers will spend their time patrolling the streets and searching for crimes elsewhere. The Chicago Police Department believes it does not need to report to scenes where the victim is “safe, secure and not in need of medical attention” and the offender is “not on the scene and not expected to return immediately.”
But some Chicago residents are angry about the new response plan, arguing that the taxes they pay for police should be used to help them when they are in need.
“I think that's ridiculous. I think if there's a burglary, they've got to come. It's what we pay for. They have to come,” said Carmen Curio, who told CBS that they live nearby a house that burglars broke into on Christmas Day.
Ald. Nick Sposato, a Northwest Chicago resident, said they pay high enough property taxes to deserve police assistance after a traumatizing break-in.
“People are upset; they want to talk to a police officer. They want to know something is being done to prevent this in the future,” Sposato said.
In some cases, crime victims might also believe the perpetrator has left the scene when the suspect is actually still at large. And even if a victim was not physically injured, they may have experienced emotional trauma that needs to be addressed. With police failing to show up, Chicago residents can no longer be guaranteed the care that law enforcement exists to ensure.
Police Supt. Garry McCarthy said they are aware of this, but continues to believe that police are more useful on the street than responding to 911 calls.
“You're upset; you're violated. It's happened to me. So, you've got to weigh it, and I'm making tough decisions,” they said. “I'm making a tough decision, but I'd rather have that officer on the street, doing something to prevent the next shooting than – honestly – making somebody feel better, because they're responding rather than talking to them over the phone.”
McCarthy claims they were a victim of a burglary “three or four times”, but changed the response plan because of the city's financial distress.
The Alternate Response Unit will draw up police reports on the phone and send evidence technicians to crime scenes later on, if documentation is necessary. Last year, about 74,000 such case reports were processed. But about 151,000 are expected to be processed this year – more than doubling the number of cases that the Chicago Police Department does not have time to attend to in person.
In 2012, 911 callers had the option to have an officer come to their location and file a report in person – but that choice will no longer be available to them unless they are injured or in the presence of a crime suspect.
The Chicago Police Department is in fact dealing with an overwhelming number of gun violence incidents, with its 513 homicides last year reaching a four-year high. Last month's 42 homicides were the most January murders Chicago has experienced since 2002, and the city is on the pace for more than 700 murders this year.
But while gun violence does indeed need more attention than non-violent crimes, local residents continue to be distraught about the prospect of being overlooked when they call 911. With too much crime and too few police officers, the city is in a financially tough situation when it comes to fighting crime.
"Nearly identical film franchise strategies" at the studios risk "accelerating already-existing negative secular trends," warns Cowen's Doug Creutz who doesn't expect "significantly better" domestic performance this year.
"The box-office picture continues to get worse than studio strategies are clustering around tentpoles," Cowen analyst Doug Creutz said in a report entitled "Memo to Hollywood: You Can't All Be Successful Doing the Same Thing" on Monday.
"2014 is the fourth year in a row that box-office and film quality data suggests that a downward shift in theatrical demand curve has taken place," they argued. "Additionally, we are increasingly concerned that the convergence to nearly identical film franchise strategies at the major studios risks damaging the ecology of the business and accelerating already existing negative secular trends."
Creutz has been comparing domestic theatrical performance with the average quality of the 50 most widely released films. "We continue to believe the evidence suggests that domestic theatrical performance remains in secular decline," they concluded after their analysis of 2014.
Variations in average wide-release film quality accounted for nearly half of the variance in film attendance between 2000 and 2010, according to their research. However, beginning in 2011, "the relationship broke down, with a given level of film quality producing a much lower level of film attendance than the previous relationship would have implied," the analyst said. "2014 was even more of a negative outlier year than 2011-13 compared to the 2000-10 baseline, as the best average wide release film quality in the last 15 years was paired with the lowest domestic attendance."
Creutz also highlighted that the distribution of films continues to become "more barbell-shaped" as 2,500-plus theater launches accounted for 56 percent of all film releases in 2014, an all-time high. "Mid-sized launches (1,000 to 2,500 theaters) continue to get squeezed by the increasing prevalence of ultra-wides," they said.
Meanwhile, international box office growth, which was a significant growth driver during the 2000-2011 period appears to have slowed, according to Creutz. The average international to domestic box office ratio has grown at just a 1 percent rate over the last three years compared with a 5 percent rate during the earlier period.
"The prevailing narrative at the studios continues to be one of box-office fluctuations being driven primarily by release slate appeal. Last summer was by some measures the worst summer the industry has had since the original Star Wars came out in 1977, despite the fact that the summer saw launches in the Spider-Man, X-Men, Planet of the Apes, How to Train Your Dragon and Transformers franchises, several of which were very well-reviewed," Creutz said.
"We think this narrative is looking increasingly flawed," they said. "Moreover, we think there is cause for increasing concern that the major studios are all moving towards increasingly indistinguishable strategies, as they all put more and more eggs in the franchise picture basket."
In the superhero genre alone, the number of annual major releases is scheduled to double by 2016, Creutz pointed out. "History suggests — and we have ample evidence of this in the animation genre — that as the number of films in a given genre increases, the average per-film performance decreases, and that even the top-tier films in a genre are not immune to the phenomenon."
With Star Wars, Avatar and Harry Potter-related films also part of other franchises that will be returning to theaters over the next few years, Creutz raised concerns about the profitability of studios. "With these franchise films typically sporting $200 million-plus budgets, we think the risks at the major studios are going up," they wrote. "Additionally, as diversity in the industry film slate decreases, we think the risks of accelerating declines in overall attendance are also increasing."
How many superhero films are too many? "We suspect we will find out shortly," Creutz said. "In general, we think that the major studios are moving too far towards a reliance on film franchises in the action and animation genres. This is most obvious in the superhero genre where the number of major films per year will double from three to four in 2011-15 to seven to eight in 2016-17. Our experience with the animation genre suggests that this is very likely to lead to a decline in per-film box office due to competition."
Who will hurt most? "While we think that the studios with the least appealing content and lesser IP are likely to carry the most risk, we believe that even Disney, which has the most powerful-looking collection of IPs, will probably see its film performance negatively impacted as all the other studios crowd into the same corner of the film universe," Creutz said.
Beyond franchises such as The Hunger Games, Lionsgate has "not competed in the major franchise arena, instead producing lower-budgeted films and often opting for a counter-programming approach," they said. "At times this has paid off handsomely with films like Now You See Me and the series of Tyler Perry films. Thus, we think Lionsgate's broad slate could benefit from the decreasing diversity at other studios."
Discussing conclusions for the 2015 domestic box-office outlook, Creutz wrote: "2015 certainly appears to have several megablockbusters on tap, headlined by The Avengers 2 in May, the final Hunger Games movie in November and Star Wars VII in December. As things stand now, we tend to believe that we will see a bounce in box-office attendance off of 2014's dismal levels," they said. "The question, however, is how much of a bounce. While we expect some outsized performances at the top end, the year also contains a lot of questions marks, with many film releases from aged and inconsistent franchises (Mad Max, Jurassic Park, Mission: Impossible, Terminator, James Bond)."
On a calendar-year basis, things have gotten off to "a strong start" with American Sniper. However, Creutz called it "the film equivalent of a unicorn," in terms of domestic box office it contributed to 2014's results. "Fifty Shades of Grey had a big opening weekend but then collapsed, Jupiter Ascending was an enormous bomb, and Taken 3 will significantly underperform its two predecessors. SpongeBob: Sponge Out of Water and Kingsman have done well relative to expectations. However, overall we think the initial crop of 2015 releases is performing roughly on par with those of 2014."
They concluded: "While we do expect some significant strength in the top two to three spots in 2015, we are not convinced that the overall slate is going to drive performance that is significantly better than what we have generally seen over the past four years."
Email: Georg.Szalai@THR.com
Twitter: @georgszalai
Neighbours (Voisins) Directed by Norman McLaren Produced by Norman McLaren Written by Norman McLaren Starring Grant Munro
Jean-Paul Ladouceur Music by Norman McLaren Distributed by National Film Board of Canada Release date 1952 ( )
Running time 8 m 6 s Country Canada Language none
Neighbours (French title: Voisins) is a 1952 anti-war film by Scottish Canadian filmmaker Norman McLaren. Produced at the National Film Board of Canada in Montreal, the film uses the technique known as pixilation, an animation technique using live actors as stop-motion objects. McLaren created the soundtrack of the film by scratching the edge of the film, creating various blobs, lines, and triangles which the projector read as sound. Pablo Picasso called this the greatest film ever made.[citation needed]
Plot [ edit ]
Two men, Jean-Paul Ladouceur and Grant Munro, live peacefully in adjacent cardboard houses. When a flower blooms between their houses, they fight each other to the death over the ownership of the single small flower.
The moral of the film is, simply, Love your neighbour Matthew 22:39. The moral is also shown in other languages, including:
French: Aimez votre prochain
Japanese: 同胞に親切なれ ( Dōhō ni shinsetsu nare )
) Chinese: 親善鄰居 ( Qīnshàn línjū )
) Hebrew: אהבתי לרעך; ( Ahavthi l'reacha )
) Russian: Любите ближнего своего; Lyubite blizhnego svoyego
Spanish: Ama a tu prójimo
Italian: Amate il prossimo
German: Liebe deinen Nächsten
Norwegian: Elsk din nabo
Esperanto: Amu vian najbaron
Controversy [ edit ]
Neighbour has been described as "one of the most controversial films the NFB ever made".[1] The eight-minute film was politically motivated:
"I was inspired to make Neighbours by a stay of almost a year in the People's Republic of China. Although I only saw the beginnings of Mao's revolution, my faith in human nature was reinvigorated by it. Then I came back to Quebec and the Korean War began. (...) I decided to make a really strong film about anti-militarism and against war." — Norman McLaren [2]
The version of Neighbours that ultimately won an Oscar was not the version McLaren had originally created. In order to make the film palatable for American and European audiences, McLaren was required to remove a scene in which the two men, fighting over the flower, murdered the other's wife and children.[3]
During the Vietnam War, public opinion changed, and McLaren was asked to reinstate the sequence. The original negative of that scene had been destroyed, so the scene was salvaged from a positive print of lower quality.[4]
NFB founder John Grierson, who had invited McLaren to the NFB to form its first animation unit, would ultimately disparage Neighbours and McLaren's attempt at political cinema:
"I wouldn't trust Norman around the corner as a political thinker. I wouldn't trust Norman around the corner as a philosophic thinker. That's not what Norman is for. Norman is for Hen Hop. Hen Hop. That's wonderful. And so many other things. That's their basic gift. He's got joy in their movement. He's got loveliness in their movement. He's got fancy in their changes. That's enough"[5]
Pixilation [ edit ]
The term 'pixilation' was created by Grant Munro, who had worked with McLaren on Two Bagatelles, a pair of short pixilation films made prior to Neighbours. While Neighbours is often credited as an animated film by many film historians,[6] very little of the film is actually animated. The majority of the film is shot with variable-speed photography, usually in fast motion, with some stop-frame techniques. During one brief sequence, the two actors appear to levitate: this effect was actually achieved in stop-motion; the men repeatedly jumped upward but were photographed only at the top of their trajectories. Under the current definition of an animated short,[7] it is unlikely that Neighbours would qualify as either a documentary short or an animated short.
McLaren followed Neighbours with two other films using a similar combination of pixilation, live action, variable speed photography and string-puppets. The first, A Chairy Tale (1957) was a collaboration with Claude Jutra and Ravi Shankar. The second, Opening Speech by Norman McLaren (1960) was made for the International Film Festival of Montreal, and starred McLaren himself.
Wolf Koenig served as cameraman on the film.[8]
Awards and honours [ edit ]
Neighbours is the winner of both a Canadian Film Award and an Oscar, for the latter of which it was nominated twice, for Short Subject (One-reel) and for Best Documentary (Short Subject). Strangely, it was in the Documentary category that this short, stylized drama won its Oscar. A press release issued by AMPAS states that Neighbours is "among a group of films that not only competed, but won Academy Awards in what were clearly inappropriate categories."[9]
This film was designated as a "masterwork" by the Audio-Visual Preservation Trust of Canada, a charitable non-profit organization dedicated to promoting the preservation of Canada's audio-visual heritage.[10]
In 2009, Neighbours was added to UNESCO's Memory of the World Programme, listing the most significant documentary heritage collections in the world.[11]
Derivatives [ edit ]
Extreme's video for the first single, "Rest in Peace", from their third album III Sides To Every Story was closely modelled after Neighbours, except instead of a flower, the neighbors fight over a TV set showing the band performing the song. The NFB took legal action and the matter was settled out of court, with withdrawal of the video from circulation.[citation needed]. However, the withdrawn video was subsequently posted on YouTube where it can be viewed in its entirety.
See also [ edit ]
EPA/Michael Reynolds
The fate of the American health care system is going to be decided in the next two weeks. Whether tens of millions of people lose their coverage, whether we transform Medicaid (which now serves 70 million Americans) into something smaller and stingier, whether we all lose the measure of security we just got a few years ago, it's all on the line.
Today, Democrats in Congress say they are prepared to try new tactics in order to stop the bill that Mitch McConnell and the Republicans are determined to pass through the Senate. According to a senior Democratic aide, they'll be doing the following:
Slow all action on the Senate floor to a crawl by objecting to “unanimous consent” requests (which are required to move anything forward), with the possible exception of some honorary resolutions.
Make multiple requests to move the health care bill that passed the House into the Senate committee process, as a way of highlighting the secrecy with which the Senate version is being crafted.
Make parliamentary inquiries (which can further slow things down) on the secrecy of the GOP bill.
Hold a talkathon starting today and stretching until at least midnight tonight, wherein Democratic senators will rail against the bill on the Senate floor.
“These are merely the first steps we're prepared to take in order to shine a light on this shameful Trumpcare bill and reveal to the public the GOP's true intentions: to give the uber-wealthy a tax break while making middle class Americans pay more for less health care coverage,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said in a statement. “If Republicans won't relent and debate their health care bill in the open for the American people to see, then they shouldn't expect business as usual in the Senate.”
Will it work? They might succeed, but it won't be easy — and it will depend on everyone involved understanding that there's only one real path to victory.
Something extraordinary and unprecedented is happening right now. A group of 13 Republican senators is writing a bill in secret that will remake the entire health care system. There will be no hearings and no expert testimony. No committee will consider the bill. Even Republican senators outside that small group don't know exactly what's in it. And they want to pass it in the next two weeks, in the obvious hope that it will all be done before the public even notices let alone understands how much the bill would hurt them. And even though the details are still opaque, we already know that the bill will be impossibly cruel; today we learned that the Senate may be making even deeper cuts to Medicaid than the odious House bill.
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) told CBS's "Face the Nation" June 18 that a group of Senate Republicans is "working behind closed doors" on a health-care bill. (Reuters)
So how do Democrats stop it? As I've been arguing, whether it looks like the Democrats are “fighting” is less important than whether their specific tactics are likely to achieve their goal. Today, we found out what those tactics in the Senate are going to be.
Now, none of these actions will actually stop the Senate bill — at least not yet — in part because as of now there is no bill. At times like this one can fall into the trap of confusing means and ends, seeing a tactic that gets a lot of media coverage as a successful achievement of the goal. Media coverage is critical, but it's important to keep in mind that there is one — and only one — mechanism by which this bill can be defeated. For every parliamentary maneuver Democrats employ to slow things down, there's another maneuver McConnell can come up with to move the bill forward. Eventually, there will be a vote if McConnell wants one.
The only way Democrats win in the end is if three or more Republican senators decide to vote No. Any strategy has to work backward from that outcome.
Republicans have a 52-48 majority in the Senate. If three of them object, the bill is dead. There are only about a half-dozen senators who might pull their support — a couple of moderates like Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, and a few senators from states where the citizenry has benefited hugely from the ACA, particularly its expansion of Medicaid. Those include Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Jeff Flake of Arizona, and a couple others. Democratic groups are already running TV ads targeted at those senators.
But there is a very specific series of events that would have to occur for the Senate Democrats' strategy to be successful. Here's how it has to work:
Democrats shut down all or part of Senate business in protest of the secrecy and speed with which the GOP bill is moving through. The shutdown generates lots of media coverage. That coverage is seen by the folks back home. With the bill becoming more controversial, the CBO releases a brutal score of the bill, which gets yet more press coverage. Just as it did with the House bill, the attention increases opposition to the bill. Citizens in the home states of the persuadable senators take action — holding protests, calling the senators' offices — in significantly larger numbers than they are right now. The senators decide that the bill is too toxic to support and back away from it.
We have to be clear that like most incumbent politicians, Senate Republicans truly fear only one thing: the displeasure of their constituents. That's why numbers 5 and 6 are the most critical links in this chain. If the senators aren't feeling pressure from their constituents, they'll think they can get away with passing this bill and they won't be punished for it. So the delaying tactics Democrats employ are useful only insofar as they generate attention and opposition among the public.
The good news for Democrats is that like the House bill, the Senate bill will be an abomination. That's why Republicans are working so hard to keep it secret and vote on it as fast as possible: they know that if the public gets a good look at it, they'll be horrified. If Democrats can force it into the light, they have a chance to defeat it. But it will all come down to the question of how threatened a few Republican senators feel.
While President Trump's impulsiveness and erratic behavior is clearly bringing America closer to war with North Korea, the real root of the Korean crisis lies not with them but rather with the Pentagon and the CIA, whose overwhelming power within the federal governmental structure is what really governs foreign policy, especially with respect to Korea.
Who would have ever thought that the national-security state's anti-communist crusade in the 1940s and 1950s would lead to the possibility of another war in Korea in 2017, one that could lead to the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people, including tens of thousands of Americans?
Yet, that is precisely what has happened. Almost 70 years ago, the U.S. government intervened in the Korean civil war. It was a violent intervention that tremendously increased the death toll and destruction in both North Korea and South Korea. In North Korea, U.S. forces bombers carpet-bombed the entire nation, destroying not only cities but also rural villages. While Americans call the Korean War the “Forgotten War,” the North Koreans don't. They have never forgotten the massive death and destruction that the Pentagon and the CIA intentionally wreaked on their nation.
Under what legal authority did the Pentagon and the CIA intervene in the Korean civil war?
No legal authority whatsoever. The U.S. Constitution requires a congressional declaration of war before the president can legally wage war against another nation. President Truman, who ordered U.S. troops into Korea, did not secure that declaration of war. Instead of going to Congress, where America's elected representatives are, they went to the United Nations, which is composed of unelected bureaucrats from foreign nations. Truman secured the permission of those unelected bureaucrats to sacrifice the lives of tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers in a foreign war thousands of miles away.
Needless to say, U.S. troops obeyed Truman's order, notwithstanding the oaths they had all taken to support and defend the U.S. Constitution.
To make their moral case to the American people for intervening in Korea, Truman, the Pentagon, and the CIA, along with other U.S. officials, claimed that there was a vast communist conspiracy to take over the United States and the rest of the world, a conspiracy that supposedly was based in Moscow, Russia. The civil war in Korea was a step by the communists to further that conspiracy, they said. If the United States didn't stop the Reds in Korea, it wouldn't be long, U.S. officials maintained, before they came to America and turned our nation Red.
Of course, it was the same argument they would use more than a decade later to justify their intervention in Vietnam's civil war.
It was all balderdash and falsehood. The Reds were never coming to get us. At best, Pentagon and CIA officials and others were suffering from extreme paranoia. At worst, it was a deliberate falsehood to build up the power and resources of the national-security establishment, much like the lies that led to the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution in the Vietnam War.
After the Korean War was suspended, the Pentagon and the CIA decided to keep U.S. troops in South Korea indefinitely. They didn't need to do that. For the past 67 years, they could have exited Korea and come home, just as they did with respect to Vietnam.
Why did they decide to keep U.S. troops in Korea?
Two reasons:
One, so that the troops would serve as an automatic “tripwire” in the event that civil war broke out again in Korea. By sacrificing a certain number of U.S. troops, the Pentagon and the CIA felt that the U.S. would automatically be committed to the conflict, which would obviate any possibility for a debate in Congress with respect to a congressional declaration of war and to whether the United States should again intervene into a Korean civil war.
Two, a permanent U.S. military presence in Korea would maintain pressure for regime change in North Korea, a U.S. goal during the Korean War and one that the Pentagon and the CIA have never abandoned.
And that's the root of the problem. While the Pentagon and the CIA are making it look like North Korea wants nuclear weapons to initiate a nuclear war against the continental United States, nothing could be further from the truth. Like the Cubans during the Cuban Missile Crisis, the North Koreans want nuclear weapons to deter another U.S. regime change operation or to defend against it should it ever come.
In fact, the Cuban experience is instructive, especially given that the Pentagon and the CIA's regime-change operations there almost resulted in all-out nuclear war. Soon after Castro took power in Cuba, their communist comrade Che Guevara was asked what they wanted from the United States. Their answer was simple: Cuba just wanted to be left alone.
But the Pentagon and the CIA would never leave Cuba alone. They still won't leave Cuba alone. They've initiated sabotage, terrorism, assassination, embargo, and invasion, all with the aim of securing regime change. The fact is, as discomforting as it might be for many Americans to accept, it has always been the Pentagon and the CIA that have been the aggressors when it comes to Cuba.
And all because of the anti-communist conspiracy mindset, one that was convinced that the Reds were coming to get us and that places like Korea, Vietnam, and Cuba were stepping stones to turning America Red.
It might all be too late but it would be wise for Americans to do a quick national self-examination and some serious soul-searching about what the Pentagon and the CIA have done and continue to do to nations around the world and to our nation and to the consequences of their foreign policy of interventionism, empire, and regime change. If the Pentagon and the CIA succeed in bringing about another one of their many foreign wars, especially one in Korea, it will be too late, at least for the hundreds of thousands of people killed and injured in yet another such war.
National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster trashed President Trump at a dinner in July with Oracle CEO Safra Catz – mocking their intelligence, five sources told Buzzfeed in a report published on Monday.
McMaster reportedly called Trump an “idiot” and a “dope” with the intelligence of a “kindergartner,” according to the sources, four of whom told Buzzfeed they spoke with Catz directly.
“[Catz] said the conversation was so inappropriate that it was jaw-dropping,” one source said.
McMaster also reportedly disparaged Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Secretary of Defense James Mattis, former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, and Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner at the dinner. McMaster reportedly said Kushner had no business being in the White House and should not be involved in national security issues.
Sources tell Buzzfeed the dinner took place on July 18 at the Washington, D.C. restaurant Tosca.
Oracle's senior vice president for government affairs, Ken Glueck ,and a National Security Council spokesperson “heatedly denied the comments” to Buzzfeed.
National Security Council Michael Anton told Breitbart News in a statement: “Actual participants in the dinner deny that General McMaster made any of the comments attributed to them by anonymous sources. Those false comments represent the diametric opposition of General McMaster's actual views.”
Glueck, who attended the dinner, told Buzzfeed that “none of the statements attributed to General McMaster were said,” and that Catz “concurs entirely” with that.
But Buzzfeed reported that two sources told them that administration officials threatened to retaliate against those who knew of the dinner if they spoke to Buzzfeed. Glueck denied they made their statement under pressure.
The infamous dinner has been reported by several different outlets, most recently Axios in August. After that dinner, Republican mega-donor Sheldon Adelson decided to support a campaign alleging McMaster was anti-Israel, after speaking with Catz about the dinner.
Sources told Buzzfeed that the decision stemmed from comments McMaster made to Catz praising the Iran nuclear deal and describing Israel settlements in Palestinian territory as a major problem — two views antithetical to President Trump's. McMaster previously worked at a think tank funded by George Soros that had helped push through the Iran nuclear deal.
Adelson said Catz told them about the dinner. “It certainly enlightened me quite a bit … Now that I have talked to somebody with personal experience with McMaster, I support your efforts.”
Catz, who is Israel-born, has served on the executive committee of the Trump transition team, and has been floated for numerous posts in the Trump administration. They were reportedly alarmed by McMaster's views and confided in others about the dinner.
Trump confidant Roger Stone spoke in detail about the dinner during a September 11 interview on the Alex Jones Show.
They said McMaster was attempting to recruit Catz — who has donated to both Democrats and Republicans — to chair the president's Intelligence Advisory Board.
“McMaster became inebriated but during that time they took a call from the president,” Stone said, adding that when McMaster returned to the table “he had nothing but disparaging things to say about their boss.”
Stone then quoted McMaster as saying, “The president is a dope … they are incapable of understanding anything beyond 140 characters – the idea of this guy having the nuclear football is scary – I see my mission as preventing them from blowing up the globe.”
Catz was offended by the comments, told Adelson about the conversation, and Adelson associates tried to give the story to the New York Post, but Kushner had called Rupert Murdoch and spiked the story, according to Stone. They said Catz is refusing to talk to reporters but will if the president asks them about the meeting.
A sixth source who did not have details of the dinner told Buzzfeed that McMaster had made similar comments to them about the president's intelligence in private, including that Trump lacked the “necessary brainpower” to understand matters before the National Security Council.
It is not the first time that McMaster has been caught disparaging Trump. They appeared at an invite-only conference in Washington, D.C., sponsored by the Institute of the Study of War in September, and was reported to have “chuckled dismissively” when asked about Trump's tweets on North Korea.
McMaster fired three National Security Council staffers: Derek Harvey, Rich Higgins, and Ezra Watnick Cohen — all officials who had worked on the Trump campaign, were seen as Trump loyalists, and NSC aides whom McMaster felt they could not control.
A source close to Harvey told Breitbart News earlier this year that McMaster had warned Harvey, a friend of theirs and a highly-respected retired colonel, to stop talking to Bannon. Days after Harvey was seen by McMaster's top aide leaving Bannon's office, they were fired from the NSC.
It has also been widely reported that McMaster has led the campaign to get Trump to stop using the term “radical Islamic terrorism.” McMaster also opposed Trump's Riyadh summit earlier this year as too ambitious, and opposed decertifying the Iran nuclear deal. They also supported boosting the number of troops in Afghanistan by between 3,000 and 5,000 troops.
Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney issued a statement after Buzzfeed's report calling for McMaster's ouster.
“Ever since H.R. McMaster was appointed National Security Adviser to the President, their tenure has been marked by one debacle after another,” they said. “His many acts of insubordination and malfeasance should have cost McMaster their job long ago.”
“McMaster has made it a habit to publicly disrespect the president, and their contempt for Donald Trump disqualifies them from future service,” they said.
Outgoing CIA Deputy Leader Michael Morrell raised more than a few eyebrows this weekend when in an interview they declared Syria to be the “top current threat to US national security,” a spot usually reserved for someplace the US is directly militarily involved in.
The declaration is even more significant the deeper you get into Morrell's comments, as they make clear exactly what about Syria the CIA sees as a threat, saying the risk is that the Assad government “collapses and the country becomes al-Qaeda's new haven.”
That's a problematic admission for a US official to make, even one that is heading into retirement, because the US has made the collapse of the Assad government it's stated goal since the nation's civil war began.
Indeed, US policy toward Syria is centering on making the threat even greater, as the administration is poised to start arming rebel fighters who are openly cooperating with al-Qaeda to further their goal of ousting Assad, and setting up the exact Sunni-dominated Islamist government the CIA fears.
Morrell warned that a collapse of the Assad government had a similar risk for weapons proliferation as the NATO-imposed regime change in Libya did, and that violence was likely to spill-over into Lebanon, Jordan and Iraq. Of course the war is already spilling over to some extent in each of these cases, but it seems clear it will only get worse.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
After American intelligence agencies failed to detect and stop Al Qaeda's 9/11 attack, sixteen years ago, Congress more than doubled their budgets and gave them unprecedented secret authorities. As the intelligence beat reporter for the Washington Post at the time, I watched these agencies grow in size, as dozens of new buildings appeared around the Washington region to house a ballooning workforce of over a million people with top-secret security clearances. The National Security Agency obtained permission to collect and store the private Internet correspondence and cell-phone data of millions of Americans. The F.B.I. was granted the power to obtain citizens' banking, library, and phone records without court approval. The C.I.A. opened secret prisons abroad where they tortured terrorist suspects. Local police departments began employing military-grade weapons, armored vehicles, and cell-phone-tracking devices. All these measures, and many more, were put in place in the name of national security. And yet, last year, these vastly larger agencies failed to defend, or even warn, the American public against the most audacious Russian covert operation toward the United States since the end of the Cold War. Only after the fact, when a Russian disinformation campaign had already tainted the 2016 Presidential election, did the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, another vast post-9/11 creation, disclose the Kremlin's interference. The unclassified January, 2017, report, made public by the O.D.N.I., included only the thinnest of evidence, leaving many people wondering if it were true. Whether the Russian campaign actually changed the outcome of the election is impossible to know, but it clearly succeeded at exacerbating political divisions in the United States and undermining the credibility of the results. Unlike 9/11, the Russian campaign did not occur without warning on a quiet fall day. Rather, it unfolded over at least six months on Americans' social-media accounts—hardly the stuff of spy novels. Kremlin leaders had signalled their plans years in advance. The Russian playbook wasn't a secret, either. It had been well documented by European governments, researchers, and journalists after the Kremlin's information operations to destabilize Estonia, in 2007; Georgia, in 2008; Ukraine, in 2014; and Britain, in the leadup to the 2016 Brexit vote. Facing one of the clearest domestic threats to the U.S. in a decade, neither the F.B.I., which has the responsibility for conducting counterintelligence inside the United States, nor the O.D.N.I. warned Americans that platoons of Russian-backed automated “bots” and human trolls were working online to amplify racial divisions and anti-government conspiracy theories. The F.B.I. deputy director, Andrew McCabe, admitted in a CNBC interview on October 4th that the U.S. intelligence community “should have predicted” the attacks “with more clarity, maybe, than we did.” “When you overlay these attacks onto what we've known on our counterintelligence side about the Russians for many years, it completely fits into their playbook,” they went on. “This ability to insert themselves into our system, to sow discord and social and political unrest, is right up their alley, and it's something we probably should have seen.” In a recent interview, a senior intelligence official who was given permission to speak with me, agreed. “He's spot-on,” the official, who asked not to be named, said of McCabe. John Brennan, who served as the C.I.A. director from 2012 to 2016, has said that there was no way for U.S. intelligence officials to have seen such a Russian effort coming. “People have criticized us and the Obama Administration for not coming out more forcefully in saying it,” they said at a national-security forum in Aspen in July. “There was no playbook for this.” Many members of the intelligence community, or I.C., as the collective agencies are known, blame President Obama for being reluctant to publicly criticize the Russian campaign during the 2016 election. But, by law, the intelligence chiefs must also keep congressional intelligence-committee members briefed on major threats to national security—yet it doesn't look as if they gave the representatives many details either. Instead, members of Congress seemed as surprised as the rest of us when they learned about Russia's social-media presence from recent testimony by Facebook and Twitter. Max Bergmann, who worked at the State Department until 2017, and had access to classified reports on the Russia activities, described the problem to me as “a failure of imagination. Everyone was guilty of the same sin.”
I don't think even that sentiment captures the scope of the failure, and neither do the foreign officials and experts who watched the Russian effort unfold in the United States. A senior European diplomat, who asked not to be identified, told me recently that the two years that passed between Russia's cyberattacks on the Ukrainian elections and the 2016 U.S. election “should have been enough to alert U.S. officials.” Among the first to document Russia's online disinformation tactics was Olga Yurkova, a thirty-two-year-old journalist who recently graduated from the National University of Kyiv-Mohyla Academy School of Journalism. On March 1, 2014, Yurkova watched on television and online as armed men in unmarked uniforms occupied Crimea. Russian media named them “polite people.” Yurkova and their university colleagues, steeped in previous Russian disinformation operations in the Baltics and elsewhere, knew better. “Their lies were so blatant that all Ukrainian journalists were speechless with shock,” Yurkova told me from Kiev. “As responsible journalists, we had to do something with this.” The following day, Yurkova created a Web site called StopFake.org, which is dedicated todebunking fake news and identifying Russian disinformation. The article announcing the launch of the site, and its mission, was shared thirteen thousand times on Twitter within two hours, Yurkova told me by e-mail. Readers quickly began sending in bogus stories, and soon were even trying to debunk articles themselves. Every day, StopFake's team combed Russian- and English-language media for suspicious content. They checked the veracity of sources cited, the accuracy of translations, the validity of numbers and statistics, and the authenticity of photos and videos. Sometimes, they made phone calls to people quoted in a story, or cross-checked facts with laws and regulations. It often took weeks to refute false articles with convincing evidence. “We have been working for three years to inform very diverse people about why they should consider this problem, how they can reduce the impact of propaganda, and what are the possible ways of countering propaganda as a phenomenon,” Yurkova said. Although StopFake now publishes in eleven languages and has thirty employees, the organization still operates on a shoestring budget: two hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars in 2016, compared to an over-all U.S. intelligence budget of seventy billion dollars. StopFake doesn't have an office, and, to save money, all of its workers use their personal computers and communicate via Facebook. Another research center whose work is public is the Strategic Communications Centre of Excellence, a NATO-affiliated organization housed in a boxy white building, which I visited last spring in Riga, Latvia. The center's 2014 report on Russia's campaign against Ukraine identified the same themes that the Kremlin would use against the United States two years later. “Russia media has systematically cultivated a feeling of fear and anxiety,” the report found. The Presidential Administration, a Kremlin office under the direct authority of Vladimir Putin, “controls a large number of bloggers and trolls in the social media to spread information supporting Russia's narrative and to silence opponents.” The report said that the bloggers use false personas and identities to flood Facebook and Twitter discussions. Another analyst who publicly identified Russian disinformation tactics more than two years ago is the former journalist Ben Nimmo, now an Edinburgh-based propaganda expert and senior fellow at the Atlantic Council's Digital Forensic Research Lab. Nimmo first noticed Kremlin-linked social media interfering in Western democratic processes during the 2014 Scottish independence referendum, and they say that they remain active in the U.S. today. “The structures that are in place are still operating,” Nimmo said. The hundreds of fake accounts that Facebook and Twitter recently identified as Russian-created, they warned, “are like cannon fodder. The Russians use them and just throw them away and create new ones.” Yet the intelligence community remains silent, as if the Russians had gone away. I found at least a dozen other institutes that appeared to be producing groundbreaking work. Mark Laity, the director of strategic communications at NATO military headquarters, lauded the work of research groups. “They've very often done far better than officialdom,” they told me. “They're producing product that is superb.”
DreamHack Open: Atlanta 2017 - Binary Dragons top European qualifier
Balkan mix Binary Dragons claimed the victory in the European qualifier for DreamHack Atlanta 2017 to secure tickets for their first big event.
Eight teams competed in the closed European qualifiers for DreamHack Open: Atlanta 2017 which had a single spot to offer at the main event. Four teams were invited directly by DreamHack, whilst four others arrived through open qualifiers including the eventual winners, Binary Dragons.
The Serbian-Macedonian-Bosnian team's victory is a sweet surprise however it isn't the first time the Atlanta qualifiers were shocked, as Team LDLC failed to make it to the next stage, providing opportunities for underdogs. In the first round of the closed qualifier, Binary Dragons defeated Team Singularity 2-0 whereas Team Kinguin continued their downwards fashion and lost to Team Spirit. The semi-final saw Binary Dragons moving past Playing Ducks 2-1. On the other side of the bracket, Sergey "starix" Ischuk's Spirit were eliminated by Spartak eSports.
The grand final match between Spartak and Binary Dragons ended quite fast, as the latter won the first two maps, de_Mirage and de_Train with 16:12 and 16:5 score lines respectively. The Balkan mixture's dominance in the grand final reflected the whole qualifier, in which Binary Dragons players topped the stats sheet on almost every match up.
DreamHack Atlanta 2017 is announced to be held on July 21st - 23st with eight teams fighting for their share of the $100,000 prize pool. Binary Dragons are the first confirmed team at the event, with seven more joining them; six invited and the winner of North American qualifier.
Image courtesy of DreamHack
QUICKPOLL Will Binary Dragons perform well at DremHack Atlanta 2017? Yes, they have improved a lot.
Thank you for voting! No, the opposition will be too strong.
Thank you for voting!
The product you selected is currently unavailable.
View Images
Price: $24.99
Sale Price: No Price
Availability: in stock Prod. Code: 102317
Here is the link to our other books and items in the store:http://www.nabigfootsearch.com/Bigfootstore.html
Use The Custom Shipping Option!!
Missing 411- Off The Grid
Missing 411- Off The Grid is the seventh book in the best selling series about missing people. The books are based on actual law enforcement, search and rescue and archived reports of incidents. The author has based the narrative on delivering the facts and not making unsubstantiated claims. Thousands of case files were reviewed and what's presented are incidents that fit narrow criteria of established profile points.
According to the Urban Dictionary, Off the Grid means, "untraceable through normal means." The individuals that are documented in this seventh book of the Missing 411 series fit this definition to perfection. The disappearances involve physicists, physicians, professors, hikers, hunters, children, and joggers. Cases from thirty states, six Canadian provinces and five countries are included.
Each of these stories is new to the Missing 411 series. Disappearances from national parks, forests and open spaces that have never been discussed or compared to similar instances are included. Updated tables from past books assist the reader in understanding the vast numbers of missing that fit the established profile. Early reviewers of this book have called it the most intriguing and thought-provoking of the series.
Author David Paulides is an investigative reporter, twenty-year police officer/detective and the director of the Canam Missing Project (www.canammissing.com), the organization behind the search for understanding the missing person issue. They recently released a movie based on the books, Missing 411, which a former LA Magazine and NBC movie critic rated it the best documentary for 2017. They have presented their findings to the most attended annual search and rescue conference in the world, NASAR and has spoken at hundreds of seminars, symposiums, and meetings. Mr. Paulides has a bachelors and masters degree from the University of San Francisco and currently resides in Denver.
Missing 411- Off The Grid
Release Date: October 24, 2017
Paperback
Pages: 401
Author: David Paulides
Available: www.canammissing.com
Language: English
**Our books are not knowingly sold to resellers and are only distributed through our website for $24.99 each.
AMERICA-HYSTERICA. The story continues to fall apart. No evidence says Clapper. Not even Krauthammer believes it. Morell, previously calling Trump an “unwitting agent” now says “no fire, at all“. Rogers says no evidence. Nunes says no evidence. The authors of the hysteria are backing off. The source of the “evidence” – Crowdstrike – looks fishier by the moment (even VoA doubts it. It's just another NATO tool.) In short, fake news. The New Yorker bravely tries to keep it alive, “worked together to halt… a sweeping investigation of Russian interference”, but it's dying. As a reminder of just how feeble the whole story was, here's what “All of Trump's Russia Ties, in 7 Charts” tells us about Flynn: while DIA head they visited their Russian opposite number, they met with the Russian Ambassador and appeared on RT; pretty thin. Maybe we will find out who really leaked the evidence of rigging the DNC.
PUTIN DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. Pretty much displaced by TDS (humans soon to be extinct, thanks to him) but still some good ones: “Russia's coming attack on Canada”, “The Senator from Kentucky is now working for Vladimir Putin.” “Russia's 5th Column” (pretty well anybody anywhere who disagrees with the Establishment line).
DEMOS. I'm not going to spend much time on the demos – I am rather surprised that they happened at all given the gradual elimination of foreign GONGOs and Navalniy's Western cookie cutter views on Crimea and Ukraine: “referendum at the barrel of a gun”, “invasion” . Karlin was there. I doubt that there will be much in the way of aftereffects. Western hypocrisy was in full cry: Toronto 7 years ago, Washington a year ago, London half a year ago. Nobody likes unsanctioned protests.
TRUCKERS' STRIKE. Another strike against the Plato system has begun. I don't know much about it – here's something – but I believe it to be a genuine protest.
SEPARATION. The Russian defence industry has almost completed its separation from Ukraine. Safeguards against the risk of being shut out of international transaction systems such as SWIFT have been introduced. More evidence of Moscow's foresight and determination.
RUSSIA INC. Bloomberg says Russia is out of its recession and S&P has raised its sovereign outlook to positive. Which doesn't stop tripe like this and this from being extruded by the fake stream media.
FREELAND'S GRANDFATHER. It's not Russia that is the source of the story, it's Poland: “The records now being opened by the Polish government in Warsaw reveal that Freeland's maternal grandfather Michael (Mikhailo) Chomiak was a Nazi collaborator from the beginning to the end of the war.” Warsaw is starting to be concerned about what it helped to revive in its neighbour (desecration of graves of Poles in Ukraine). And that neighbour is noticing back: a grenade attack on a Polish consulate in Western Ukraine the other day.
NEW NWO. One of the unintended by-products of the neocon direction of American foreign policy has been the increase in Iran's power. The destruction of Iraq removed a barrier and the attempted destruction of Syria gave it an opportunity: it now dominates its immediate surroundings, from Afghanistan to the Mediterranean, in a way almost unimaginable in 2000. It grows closer to Russia: its S-300s are now operating, a port visit to Makhachkala and President Rouhani visited Moscow. Relations will only get closer (China too). It really is remarkable how much the West has squandered in a couple of decades.
US SENATORS NOTICE SOROS. Something to watch.
THE EMPTINESS OF FORMER FLAPS. Remember – it's only a year ago – when “Russia [was] stoking and exploiting Europe's migrant crisis to extract concessions“? Neither does anyone else: now it turns out that Norway was playing games with migrants on the border. I can't say it often enough: practically everything you read in the Western media about Russia is fake news.
UKRAINE. Complete blockade both ways of rebel Donbass: another step towards independence. Two and a half million Ukrainian refugees in Russia and more elsewhere. The nazis join up: their principles; (remember that in Remnant Ukraine, guns get a vote too). The IMF postpones its next disbursement. Kiev loses case. Since the “revolution of dignity“, Ukraine has slipped (p 27) in the “world happiness ranking” and now sits at 132/155 (p22). 80% are in poverty. Catastrophic explosion at arms dump near Kharkov (pretty casual behaviour there). A former Russian Duma member shot on the street. It should be pointed out, by the way, that everything bad in Ukraine is immediately blamed on Russia (including attacks on Polish consulates); the WaPo and other FSM outlets usually parrot the accusation.
© Patrick Armstrong Analysis, Canada Russia Observer
For the song, see Pandaman (song).
Pandaman is a joke character created by Eiichiro Oda, and one of the most prominent Easter eggs in One Piece.
Originally designed for a Shonen Jump character creation contest, Pandaman has gone on to make cameo appearances in nearly every chapter of the manga, every episode of the anime, every film, and more.  They are particularly prominent in several of the video games, even being playable in the first Grand Battle! and its immediate sequel.
Due to their status as a joke character, most if not all concrete data on Pandaman has been revealed through the SBS, and may or may not be serious on Oda's part.
Contents show]
Appearance Edit
Pandaman's most distinctive feature is their head, which is stylized to look like their namesake (and sometimes emblazoned with the word PANDA). Whether this is a mask or their real face is unknown.
Meanwhile, their physique can vary wildly from appearance to appearance. Though most "official" portraits (including Oda's original contest submission) depict them as tall and well-muscled, many of their cameos in the actual manga and anime depict them as slimmer, if not outright scrawny, to keep them better-hidden in crowd scenes.
Apart from their black trunks and lace-up boots, Pandaman usually goes undressed, and may bear a pair of heart tattoos on their pectorals, and bamboo tattoos on their arms. At times, however, they have been seen in civilian, pirate, or even Marine attire.
Pandaman does not always make cameos in the flesh. Indeed, cameos of their name have appeared scattered throughout the series in both katakana and romaji script.[5]
Gallery Edit
Cameo Examples Edit
Personality Edit
Little has been established about Pandaman's personality in canon - save, perhaps, for their cowardice in constantly fleeing from debt collectors.
In contrast, video games frequently portray them with the boisterous, hot-blooded bravado stereotypical to pro-wrestlers. Apart from eagerly accepting any and all challenges to fight, they also constantly peppers their speech with the vocalization "sasa" (ササ, "sasa"?), a reference to the term for bamboo (笹, sasa?).
Relationships Edit
Pandawoman Edit
Pandaman is said to be in love with Pandawoman, but it is unknown if these feelings are reciprocated.[6]
Tomato Gang Edit
Pandaman, unfortunately, is also constantly on the run from Tomato Gang, a debt collector to whom Pandaman owes money.[7]
Unforgivable Mask Edit
Pandaman's greatest rival, Unforgivable Mask, is hired by Tomato Gang to track Pandaman down and retrieve the money they owe Tomato Gang.[8]
Abilities and Powers Edit
While Pandaman has demonstrated no combat ability in any of their appearances, they do - according to Oda's contest write-up - have a small repertoire of attacks:
S.P.D. - Bamboo Leaves Panda Drop S・P・D (笹の葉パンダドロップ) , Sasanoyō Panda Doroppu ?
G.P.D. - Giant Panda Deathlock G・P・D (ジャイアントパンダデスロック) , Jaianto Panda Desurokku ?
The same write-up also notes that Pandaman has a strength of "3,300,000 power" after eating bamboo and before meals.
In their playable appearances in Grand Battle! and Grand Battle! 2, Pandaman uses a variety of wrestling-based attacks, with the Giant Panda Deathlock in particular portrayed as a brutal backbreaker drop; aside from these, they also possess the ability to summon Panda Sharks against enemies. Meanwhile, Gigant Battle! portrays them with the ability to fire an energy beam by crossing theirs forearms.
History Edit
As an infant, Pandaman was said to have been abandoned in a bamboo thicket, and subsequently raised by giant pandas. Growing up, they were frequently picked on for claiming to have seen Princess Kaguya, and as a result trained to become a "demon superman" (悪魔超人, Akuma chōjin?).[9]
Eventually, Pandaman grew into a man of wealth and prestige, supposedly presiding over their own island.[10] Rumors of this island (and its panda-like populace) reached as far as Foosha Village.[11] Some time later, however, Pandaman fell into financial trouble with the debt collector Tomato Gang, who began relentlessly pursuing him, even hiring their rival Unforgivable Mask as an enforcer.[12][13]
Pandaman first crossed paths with the Straw Hat Pirates during the Baratie Arc, where they witnessed the altercation between Sanji and Fullbody.[1][14] Since then, they have appeared in the background of every locale the Straw Hats have visited (and several they have not, such as Lulusia Kingdom).[15] The one exception is the all-female isle of Amazon Lily, where Pandawoman took their place; it is said that Pandaman fell in love with this woman, but it is unclear whether they even know they exist.[16]
Comprehensive List Edit
Manga Appearances Edit
Anime Appearances Edit
Anime and Manga Differences Edit
The anime portrays Pandaman more-or-less identically to the manga - as a background curiosity who interacts with neither the plot nor the other characters in any meaningful way. However, the anime will often insert Pandaman cameos where the manga had none; indeed, the anime Pandaman made their first appearance during the Syrup Village Arc, mixed in among the Black Cat Pirates.[18] In another notable instance, a Zombie Pandaman was inserted among the many zombies chasing Usopp and Chopper on Thriller Bark.[19]
Special Episode Edit
Pandaman's usual status was completely subverted in one installment of the Boss Luffy Historical Special, where they not only interacted with other characters, but played a pivotal role in the plot.[20]
In the alternate Jidaigeki-esque reality known as the Grand Jipang (グランドジパング, Gurando Jipangu?), Pandaman is a well-beloved townsman known as "Pop" (父さん, Tō-san?). This moniker led to much trouble when they fell ill, shortly after being trapped in debt to the gang-leader Buggy. On finding them in the care of a neighborhood girl, the Buggy Gang assumed they were their daughter and schemed to sell them off as collateral, even enlisting aid from a corrupt magistrate. Nevertheless, this scheme was foiled by Boss Luffy and the aristocrat Vivi.
After Buggy's threat was ended, their would-be debtor joined Boss Luffy and several close friends in celebrating the exotic foreign holiday known as Christmas.
Translation and Dub Issues Edit
All English translations generally preserve Pandaman's cameos faithfully, with the Viz manga accurately relaying all of Oda's SBS contributions and both the Funimation and 4Kids anime dubs leaving their cameos unremarked upon. Their name, however, is generally written out as two words ("Panda Man") rather than one.
Much larger liberties were taken in 4Kids' localization of the video game One Piece: Pirates Carnival. This game originally featured Pandaman in a minor role, as the focus of a Where's Waldo-styled mini-game; the localization kept this mini-game, but also extended their role into a separate mini-game originally hosted by Blueno (since 4Kids had made no preparations for dubbing the Water 7 Arc). As a result, this Pandaman possesses Blueno's abilities, as well as an unusually dark and vengeful personality, claiming to have trapped the Straw Hat Pirates in a burning maze as revenge for picking them out of crowds.
Anime and Manga Influences Edit
Pandaman was originally conceived for the New Superman Contest (新超人コンテスト, Shin chōjin kontesuto?), a character-design contest for the pro-wrestling series Kinnikuman.[21] As such, their design is meant to evoke a costumed pro wrestler, with lots of exposed skin, striking colors, and an overall "foreign" theme akin to those used by heel wrestlers in real life.
(Oda would return to pro-wrestling for several later character designs, including Jesus Burgess, Spandam, and the Jeet-Abdullah duo.)
In addition, Pandaman's (supposed) backstory directly references the myth of Princess Kaguya, who was said to have been discovered in a bamboo stalk by a kindly woodcutter.
Merchandise Edit
Video Games Edit
Playable Appearances Edit
Enemy Appearances Edit
Support Appearances Edit
Non-Playable Appearances Edit
Trivia Edit
As of the 6th Japanese Fan Poll, Pandaman is ranked the 51st most popular character in One Piece. [22]
They have a similar nature to the main character of the children's book Where's Waldo .
. Several of their attributes are linked with the number three 三 , san ? 笹 （ ササ ） , sasa ? bounty of  They are only character thus far, in either the manga or the anime, to be depicted with an odd-numbered bounty.
bounty of A pirate group with a panda figurehead and jolly roger can be seen fighting with the Rumbar Pirates.
The anime occasionally inserts Pandaman on items such as shirts, similar to fellow Easter Egg Doskoi Panda. The "official" relationship between these two - if any - remains to be seen. The video game Treasure Battle! , notably, has Pandaman being summoned through a Doskoi Panda token.
References Edit
Kinnikuman – Wikipedia article about the manga and anime Oda drew Pandaman for.
Professional wrestling – Wikipedia article about Professional wrestling.
The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter – Wikipedia article about the character that Pandaman keeps saying that they see.
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Using virtual reality to add “real world” challenges to psychotherapy sessions may enhance the treatment's effect for people learning to cope with workplace stress, according to a small study from Italy.
Researchers say the hybrid therapy known as “interreality” was more effective than traditional cognitive behavioral therapy, which is currently considered the gold standard for more serious anxiety or post traumatic stress disorders.
“Psychological stress has reached pandemic proportions in industrialized countries. Exposure to prolonged stress is known to increase the risk of physical and mental health problems, including depression and disabling anxiety conditions,” said Dr. Andrea Gaggioli from the Istituto Auxologico Italiano in Milan, who led the study.
“In particular, work-related stress is responsible for around one fifth of staff turnover, with negative implications for the productivity of organizations. Identifying more effective strategies to help people dealing with stress is an important research challenge,” they told Reuters Health in an email.
“The trouble with stress is that it is so very personal,” Gaggioli said. “Stress-related disorders depend a great deal on how the person experiencing a stressor is put together - psychologically and physically.”
Using biosensors, smart phones and virtual reality technology, Gaggioli and their team designed a system to give therapists a window into how a specific patient experiences stress to better understand their stress triggers and pinpoint what the person should do differently to cope in a stressful situation.
To see if this technology-enhanced therapy approach works, the researchers recruited 121 nurses and teachers.
All the men and women filled out pre- and post-test questionnaires to measure their stress levels. The participants were then randomly assigned to either the interreality treatment group, a cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) group or a waiting list group that received no treatment.
For five weeks, participants in both treatment groups attended two hour-long sessions a week to learn ways to manage their stress.
Examples of a stressful virtual scenario used during therapy with a teacher was “class management” or “coping with parent's criticism.” For nurses the scenarios included “managing patient's relatives” and “managing a medical emergency situation.”
The interreality participants also received counseling and training to cope with their stress based on how they performed in the virtual-reality sessions.
When members of the standard CBT group met, they were instructed to close their eyes and imagine the same sorts of stressful situations that interreality group members had experienced in simulation. They didn't have mobile phones to keep track of their “stress history,” but were told to keep a diary.
People in both the cognitive therapy and interreality groups reported less stress at the end of the experiment than those on the waiting list, but the interreality group showed bigger improvements.
According to the results published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research, participants in the interreality group had a 12 percent decrease in general anxiety levels and a 14 percent increase in emotional coping skills. Cognitive therapy group members showed only a 0.5 percent drop in general anxiety and a 0.3 percent increase in coping skills.
“A real strength here is the mix of technology, practitioners and real-life use – which seems like a potentially powerful therapeutic mix,” said Chris Williams, a professor and psychiatrist at the University of Glasgow in Scotland, who was not involved in the study.
“The results show early encouraging results, however a key issue is that the people involved in this early stage study were stressed rather than facing the level of clinical anxiety normally seen by mental health workers,” Williams told Reuters Health in an email.
“In fact,” they added, “people with definite diagnoses such as generalized anxiety disorders or phobias were ruled out of the study. That means that it's still too early to quite know whether that group of people can benefit. That's important because at the moment CBT is almost entirely focused on people with mental health disorders. I'm afraid as with lots of early stage research I'd have to say it shows promise, but for use clinically there need to be more studies.”
The researchers point out that the anxiety reduction seen among participants who used interreality is greater than some research has found using a meditation program to reduce stress. Plus, meditation and mindfulness approaches don't emphasize coping skills, the authors write.
They acknowledge that the results are preliminary, but speculate that traditional cognitive behavioral therapy appeared to be less effective because it doesn't take place in real time while the patient is experiencing the stress.
Williams noted that virtual reality could be useful when therapists are working with a patient on a problem that can't easily be tested or controlled in the real world, like coping with a wasp phobia in winter, or facing anxiety in a crowded shop.
“These virtual reality approaches can potentially be very helpful therefore by allowing the patient and the practitioner to plan a step by step way of facing fears – and doing so in a way without surprises. The package cleverly mixes everyday examples – plus encourages use in real life with support from a worker.”
“We believe that this approach can provide mental health researchers and practitioners with powerful new tools for assessment, treatment and progress monitoring,” study coauthor Guiseppe Riva, also with the Instituto Auxologico Italiano, told Reuters Health.
Interreality is a way of using technology to bridge together real and virtual experiences to help a person learn new psychological skills, they said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/1pH5XwE Journal of Medical Internet Research, online July 8, 2014.
Q Why do Eskimos rub noses rather than kiss?
A's not so much rubbing noses as sniffing someone you love -- their nose, cheeks, forehead -- in a nuzzily show of affection.
And it's not done instead of kissing. It's usually a greeting rather than a romantic overture. In fact, in some northern cultures this is only done between mothers and children.
So the mental image we might have had of the "Eskimo kiss" was misleading. And that's true of some other stereotypes.
For instance, there's not one Eskimo people. There's the Kalaallit in Greenland, the Inuvialuit in Canada, and the Inupiaq, Yuplit, and Alutiiq in Alaska -- just to name a few. Some Alaskan indigenous people accept the term Eskimo. Other peoples consider it offensive, because it was a label applied by Europeans and others. The arctic peoples of Canada and Greenland in general prefer the term Inuit.
And while some peoples did once live in ice-block houses in central and eastern Canada, igloos were rare in Greenland and unknown in Alaska. Few remain anywhere now.
Sometimes our mental images are a little cartoonish, not to mention unfair.
So what is behind nose-rubbing?
David Joanasi, information officer of Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami, a group representing the Inuit, says they grew up with this custom in northern Canada.
In their culture "it's called a kunik," they say. "When you're an infant and a little kid, your parents and grandparents and older siblings sniff you and rub your face with their nose."
When partners come home at night they might share a kunik to smell each other and nuzzle. There are scent glands in the cheeks, and rediscovering their smell this way is intimate and loving.
"I do it to my girlfriend," Joanasi says. "But I wouldn't do it in front of a large audience, the same way you wouldn't French kiss your partner in front of a bunch of kindergartners."
Yet it's not a big part of lovemaking -- like kissing.
"No, it's not like kissing in that way," Joanasi says. "It's just affectionate."
Erin Eckman, who is half-Inupiaq, works for the Alaska Native Heritage Center.
"Growing up in Alaska, I only really saw women do it to babies," they say.
So, if nose-rubbing isn't done instead of kissing, do native peoples of the North kiss?
"Sure," they say.
Send questions of all kinds to Jeff Elder at
This story appeared on Page B6 of The Standard-Times on February 16, 2005.
Facebook's new voter planner feature (Photo: Facebook)
SAN FRANCISCO — Facebook is making it easier for users to cast their vote with a new feature that shows them who and what will be on their ballot.
Already the giant social network has reminded U.S. users 18 and up to register to vote, resulting in 2 million of them registering. It broadcast the presidential debates on Facebook. And, as it has since 2008, it will remind users to make sure their voices are heard on Nov. 8.
Now Facebook wants to help prepare people for the voter's booth by offering information on the candidates and the issues, from the presidential election to local initiatives.
"We are encouraging civic engagement because we want to make it easier for people to participate and have a voice in the political process," said Jeremy Galen, a Facebook product marketing manager.
Facebook says about 20 states mail out sample ballots ahead of an election, making it challenging to find a comprehensive source of information. It's using data from the non-partisan Center for Technology and Civic life to supply that information. The vote planner lets you save and print your choices.
"By now, we've all heard more than enough about the presidential candidates in this election," Galen said. "We want to help people get information about the candidates and issues all the way down the ballot."
The candidates are presented in random order in a horizontal scroll, Facebook says.
Users can click on the issues tab to view information the candidates have provided about their policy positions, the endorsement tab to make an endorsement or to see who else has endorsed the candidate, and add a candidate to your favorites.
Facebook will show users information about the presidential candidates as well as candidates for statewide races. To get information about local elections, users must provide their address.
After making each selection, users can decide who they want to see the information, such as "only me" or "friends." That means you could share with friends that you plan to support a ballot initiative but not who you support for president, for example.
Facebook's new voter planner feature (Photo: Facebook)
When you make a choice visible to friends and family, they can see it in their own voting planner, but it does not create a Facebook post.
"You can also share your thoughts on a specific race with friends to prompt a discussion with those interested in the election. Or if you are undecided, you can ask your friends for advice on Messenger," Facebook said.
Earlier this month, Google launched a similar feature that helps voters find out what's on the ballot and where their polling place is.
These are just the latest examples of online services such as Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat and Google-owned YouTube working to get out the vote.
USA TODAY reported last month that Facebook would show users in the U.S. who are 18 and up a reminder to register to vote at the top of their News Feed over the course of four days.
The voter registration drive, Facebook's first to roll out nationwide, tapped the power of social media to influence millions of people and their friends. Nine states credited that Facebook reminder with dramatically boosting voter registrations.
This week Facebook's chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg said more than 2 million people registered to vote in the primary and general elections as a result of the social-media company prompting users.
"We believe in giving people a voice," Sandberg said at The Wall Street Journal's WSJ.D conference in Laguna Beach, Calif. "We really believe that we can help people register to vote and increase political participation. And that will be good for everyone, not just in the U.S. but around the world."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2eDWevd
Demolition Application Filed For Sunshine Cinema Building
The new owners of the building housing the Sunshine Cinema have just filed for demolition of the three story structure, parts of which date back 180 years.
In May, it became known that East End Capital and K Property Group purchased the property from Steven Goldman for $31.5 million. At the time, they talked about booting the theater and renovating/enlarging the building. The developers envisioned ground floor retail with offices on the upper floors.
A demolition application was filed with the Department of Buildings yesterday. It's a pre-application, calling for “a full demolition of a 3-story commercial building.” The owner representative listed is Adam Pogoda of East End Capital. This is what the company says about the project on its website:
Currently home to the Sunshine Theater, whose lease expires in early 2018, East End is planning to re-develop the building into a mixed-use retail and office project. While pursuing tenants interested in utilizing the structure in its current form, work is also underway for a new, best-in-class office building with retail at the base – a first in the rapidly evolving Lower East Side. 139 East Houston will offer cutting-edge design from Roger Ferris Architecture, huge windows with expansive views, high ceilings and column-free efficient space – all on top of a subway stop in a unique and exciting location. Groundbreaking is expected in the second quarter of 2018.
The current building is about 30,000 square feet and there are an additional 20,000 square feet of development rights.
The art house cinema, in an historic 1898 building, was opened in 2001 by the Landmark Theatre chain. Portions of the structure reportedly date to 1838, when the German evangelical mission was based there. It then became the Houston Athletic Center (1908) and the Houston Hippodrome (1909). Landmark Theatres spent $12 million on the 2001 restoration.
The Hippodrome was a venue for Yiddish vaudeville acts. According to Cinema Treasures, the property changed hands in 1917 and it was renamed the Sunshine, before becoming the Chopein Theatre in the 1930s. After closing in 1945, the building was used for storage.
The building is not protected as a city landmark because it has been so significantly altered over time.
$ 20.00
For fans of: Vi Som Alskade Varandra Sa Mycket, Via Fondo, Nous Etions, The World That Summer, Sleeper Wave, Youth Novel, Lamantide and Pastel
8-band/4-country split 2x12" with gatefold cover! A truly stunning snapshot of 8 fantastic EPs, including 2-4 new/exclusive songs from (Sweden) Vi Som Alskade Varandra Sa Mycket and Via Fondo, (Canada) Nous Etions and The World That Summer, (USA) Sleeper Wave and Youth Novel, (Italy) Lamantide and Pastel.
2x12" black vinyl /500 in a gatefold cover with art by Italian graffiti artist Nero. Comes with a download code. 2-4 songs by each band for a total of 22 tracks.
Released by Zegema Beach Records and Shove Records, Through Love Recs, IFB Records and Don't Live Like Me Records.
<a href="http://zegemabeachrecords.bandcamp.com/album/eight-feet-under-vol-1">Eight Feet Under Vol. 1 by Various</a>
Click label name for other IFB Records titles.
Following last week's post on global street-style bloggers, I wanted to check in with Shoichi Aoki, who began photographing street styles in the nineteen-eighties. The Japanese photographer has created three magazines on the subject: Street features London street style and street snaps at Paris and New York Fashion Week; Fruits focusses on street snaps of girls from Harajuku, Tokyo; and Tune collects snaps of Harajuku's boys. He's also published two books.
Here's a selection of images from Aoki's three magazines, followed by a brief Q. & A.
11 From Fruits (1998)
Q: What sparked your interest in photographing street fashion?
A: It was during a period that Japanese street fashion was boring, conservative, and not creative that I saw street fashion from London and Paris and was really moved by it. I came to see that humankind, since its origin, is inextricably linked with fashion. Much in the same way that language differentiates between two groups, fashion was born from the desire to create a clear distinction between oneself and others. The act of people wearing clothing has value as art, and it has become my life's work to document this phenomenon.
Q: What is unique about your photographic style?
A: I am not so much photographing as I am collecting my subjects. It's not that I just want to take photos of people—I want to see people's inner thoughts, their personalities come to the surface. This, to me, is fashion, and my goal is to document it. When I shoot, I am trying not to express my own proclivities or show my creativity. Seeing someone on the street wearing something killer actually moves me emotionally, giving me a feeling of pleasure.
Q: What is distinctive about street style in Japan?
A: The kids I shoot in Harajuku aren't trying to be sexy, they aren't following the trends from apparel makers or media—they are just having fun with fashion, I think. I launched Street magazine in 1985 and shot all the photos from 1985 until 1997. Nowadays it's all shot by my staff. I see two main themes in the Street magazine issues from the era that I was shooting. One theme I was pursuing, mostly in London, was a “slice of space and time.” Meaning I was recording the style being executed on the highest level on the street, which existed only at that moment. I wanted to convey this youth culture to Japan. Another theme was collecting and recording images of the guests with amazing style who came from all over the world to attend Paris Fashion Week. I started Fruits magazine in 1997 and shot the photos from then until 2002. The photos are currently taken by my staff members (as are all the images in Tune). I wanted to document this new movement in Japan. I approached shooting these young people like a photographer would shoot a sculpture in an art gallery.
Translated by Daphne Mohajer.
No plans for new Novartis production lines in the US (Keystone)
Swiss pharmaceutical company Novartis has rejected overtures from United States President Donald Trump to increase jobs in the US, citing work visa restrictions as a reason. In a newspaper interview, chief executive Joe Jimenez said Switzerland and Europe were more attractive for the firm.
The comments follow a White House meeting in January between Trump and several pharma bosses, including Jimenez who leads the industry lobby group PhRMA. Trump called on the industry to reduce drug prices and to build more jobs in the US.
Until now, Jimenez has remained tight-lipped on Novartisexternal link's plans in the US. But in an interview with both Der Landbote and Berner Zeitung newspapers on Monday, they played down the prospects of a US expansion.
The Trump administration has adopted a restrictive approach to immigration with the intention of giving more jobs to Americans. This includes measures to tighten the award of temporary work visas for foreign nationals. Jimenez said their company had noticed the squeeze on hiring foreigners in the US.
“This makes the country a less attractive location for investment,” they said. “By contrast, Switzerland and Europe will become more attractive.”
The firm employs 13,000 people in Switzerland out of a total 118,000 workers in 155 countries. In the US, the company currently has more than 22,000 employees.
Last month, Novartis said it would cut 500 posts in Basel, where it is headquartered, but vowed to create 350 new jobs in Switzerland to cushion the blow.
Drug prices
Addressing Trump's other concern – that drug prices are too high – Jimenez blamed the high costs on inefficient healthcare systems. In the newspaper interviews, they repeated views they cited last year that a quarter of healthcare costs are pure waste that do nothing to improve life for the sick.
Jimenez has for months championed a new model for how healthcare authorities buy drugs from pharma companies, based on using data to track the effectiveness of drugs. Using this information, Jimenez argues that it should be possible to pay for drugs according to patient outcomes rather than volumes of pills being consumed.
swissinfo.ch/mga
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
On Nov. 1 and 2, San Antonio will celebrate Día de los Muertos, the Day of the Dead, a Mexican holiday that is celebrated all over the world, a day when the living honor and commune with the returning spirits of their deceased loved ones. In San Antonio, the celebrations always follow the U.S. tradition of Halloween on Oct. 31. For many, the traditions have merged into one long celebration that combines public celebrations and at-home rituals.
Lively celebrations and festivals during the day honor the lives of the dead with customs that combine indigenous Aztec ritual with Catholicism, a religion that celebrates All Soul's Day and All Saint's Day on Nov. 1 and 2. The tradition is a way to make death a natural and accepted part of the human experience. On Día de los Muertos, the dead are awakened from their eternal slumber, their spirits returning home to share celebrations with their families.
Many families assemble elaborate altars honoring lost loved ones, decorating them with personal mementos, photographs, sugar skulls, papel picado, and folk art. Each altar contains elements representing water, wind, fire and earth. You don't have to be of Mexican descent to appreciate or adopt the tradition. Click here to read more about assembling a family altar.
Many families then take their celebrations to the cemetery where they commune with the spirits of dead friends and family members, gatherings that center around food, drink, song, and shared memories and stories. Often times families clean and prepare gravesites weeks in advance of Día de los Muertos and adorn them with flowers, candles and incense.
Nov. 1 and 2 fall on a Sunday and Monday this year, but events and activities will begin a full week before then. There are many choices for celebrating the tradition this year. Please contact us if we missed your event and we will add it.
The free weekend event features the largest open altar exhibition in the city, live music at Arneson River Theatre, original artwork, a living altar, dancing, a drum and puppet procession, live poetry, and more. The celebration will take place on Saturday, Oct. 24, 10 a.m.-11 p.m., and Sunday, Oct. 25, 12-10 p.m., at the La Villita Historic Arts Village.
VIA Metropolitan Transit will offer service to the celebration, including the Red Circulator (301), Blue Circulator (305), and The E, VIA's free downtown circulator, which runs every 10 minutes downtown from 6 p.m. to midnight on Saturday. To plan your ride, visit VIA's website here.
The Traders Village Day of the Dead event on Saturday, Oct. 24, will have a parade, altars, artists, dancing, kid rides, and food. Make your own Día de los Muertos mask (noon-1 p.m.) and join the parade dressed in a Día de Los Muertos costume at 1:30 p.m. There is a $3 parking fee. The event is located at Traders Village, 333 Southwest Loop 410.
Learn how to create your own altar, for free, on Tuesday, Oct. 27, 5-8 p.m. Bring a photo of a deceased loved one. Craft supplies will be provided. The event will take place downtown at the Casa Navarro State Historic Site.
Join Huarache Turbo on Friday, Oct. 30, at 6 p.m. to celebrate Día de los Muertos with its fifth annual Dia de los Muertos 5k Run. Cash prizes will be awarded for the top three best costumes. A percentage of proceeds from this run will benefit Girls on the Run, a nonprofit learning program for girls. The event costs $20-40 and is staged at Lady Bird Johnson Park on the city's Northeast side.
There are several Día de los Muertos events happening at the Guadalupe Cultural Center this year on Sunday, Nov. 1 from 2-7:30 p.m. There is the Galería Altar Exhibition, 2-7:30 p.m., in the Galería Guadalupe created by a range of artists. There is a reading and book signing, 3-5 p.m. featuring San Antonio Poet Laureate Laurie Ann Guerrero, the Guadalupe's literary arts director and writer-in-residence, who will read from their book, “A Crown for Gumecindo.” Admission is $10.
The Outdoor Día de los Muertos Event, 5-7:30 p.m, will feature art-making workshops, face-painting, a peace and remembrance procession, and community altars. Watch performances by the Guadalupe Dance Company and Academy, Grupo Animo, and Mariachi Guadalupe.
Join the San Antonio Symphony at the Tobin Center for the Performing Arts in an hour-long family concert for kids on Sunday, Nov. 1, 2-4 p.m. There will be colorful music by south-of-the-border composers Manuel Ponce, Silvestre Revueltas and José Moncayo. Come in your best Día de los Muertos costume for the Spooktacular Costume Contest. Pre-concert activities for kids, including musical crafts and games, an instrument petting zoo with symphony musicians, and face painting by Lily Bear Face Painting. Family concerts are designed for children age 4-11, but can be enjoyed by people of all ages. Admission is $5.
The family-friendly, community-based event on Sunday, Nov. 1, 3 – 9 p.m. will include a Día de los Muertos procession to start the night, altars created by Buena Gente de Esperanza, live music by local bands, and free food. Donations will be accepted at the door. The location of the event is at the Rinconcito de Esperanza, 816 S. Colorado St. on the city's Westside.
“Imagine a moving altar of Muerto characters wearing vivid masks, large sugar calaveras heads and flowers–but dancing down the street,” states the Urban 15 website. On Sunday, Nov. 1, the visual and performance art collective's annual event will take place at the Instituto Cultural de México, 600 Hemisfair Plaza Way, at 7 p.m. Monday, Nov. 2, the celebration moves to Centro Cultural Aztlan, 1800 Fredericksburg Rd. Suite 103. The performance ritual combines traditional Mexican culture as well as Brazilian and Portuguese dance.
Decorate sugar skulls and masks in the midst of the San Antonio Museum of Art's folk art collection on Sunday, Nov. 1, 12-4 p.m. The event is free with museum admission and there is complimentary admission for San Antonio Independent School District families.
Community artists will show their altars in the Centro Cultural Aztlan gallery and help facilitate a dialogue to examine the history and traditions of Día de los Muertos. The event is Monday, Nov. 2, 6-9 p.m.
The SAY Sí Muertitos Fest is sure to be an intimate and high-spirited celebration focused on the Mexican state of Oaxaca. Feast on re-interpreted Oaxacan Mexican food by San Antonio's ¡Viva Vegeria! Enjoy specialty cocktails made with mezcal, live music and poetry as you check out crafts, artwork, and altars. The event takes place on Thursday, Nov. 5, 7-10:30 p.m. Tickets are $35 presale and $40 at the door. Only 200 tickets are available.
SAY Sí is hosting a three-day, family-focused festival celebrating San Antonio's Mexican-American culture Nov. 5-7. Muertitos Fest provides an educational component for the holiday, with unique cultural activities including an exhibition of student folk art and new work by local artists Kathy Sosa and Veronica Prida. The notable folk art exhibit includes trees of life, altars to honor the departed, family art workshops, food booths, artisan stalls and live cultural performances. With the theme, “Tree of Life: Storytelling and Rituals,” all artwork, installations and performances will focus on the art of ritual as a means of sharing family history and tradition. The event is free and open to the public.
Aerial Horizon presents, Cirque de los Muertos, a Cirque-style celebration of Day of the Dead. The performer's spirits will rise in a production from beyond this world. Ground and air unite with jaw-dropping acts on silks, lyra, rope, trapeze, contortion, acrobatics, and more. Don't miss this family-friendly event at Brick at Blue Star on Oct. 28, 29, and 30 at 8 p.m. (doors open at 7:15 p.m.) and stay after the show to meet the artists and enjoy live music. The event costs $20-25 and tickets can be purchased here.
Say Sí has offered parking for audience members at their lot across the street from Blue Star (1518 S Alamo St.). Please arrive early, as parking at Blue Star is limited.
The Tobin Center for the Performing Arts is hosting a Día de los Muertos Masquerade Ball on Nov. 1 at 8 p.m. Those at the Tobin Center are asking attendees to come to the ball wearing amados' calavera masks or face makeup to celebrate both Fashion Week San Antonio 2015 and Día de los Muertos. Complimentary cocktails will be served and international DJ, Sammi Morales, will spin records. Dress ready for head turns as prizes valued at more than $3,000 will be given away to the three best looks of the night. Tickets for the ball can be found here.
*Top image: Día de los Muertos revelers take over La Villita. Photo by Stephen G. McDowell.
Related Stories:
Día de Los Muertos 2014 to Delight San Antonio
San Antonio's 2013 Día de los Muertos Celebrations: Something for Everyone
Gallery: Día de los Muertos by John Schulze
Swarming robot boats could be heading to a contested strait near you. By Patrick Tucker
It's August on Virginia's James River and a secret military exercise is about to make history. A large ship that the Navy sometimes calls a high-value unit, HVU, is making its way down the river's thalweg, escorted by 13 small guard boats. Between them, they carry a variety of payloads, loud speakers and flashing lights, a .50-caliber machine gun and a microwave direct energy weapon or heat ray.
A helicopter crew overhead spies a suspicious “enemy” boat that seems to be moving too close to the HVU. Messages are relayed and the small escort boats begin moving. Detecting the enemy vessel with radar and infrared sensors, they perform a series of maneuvers to encircle the craft, coming close enough to the boat to engage it and near enough to one another to seal off any potential escape or access to the ship they are guarding. They blast warnings via loudspeaker and flash their lights. The HVU is now free to safely move away.
What made this particular exercise remarkable was that the 13 boats were not only unmanned, but displayed an unprecedented degree of autonomy. In a recent briefing with reporters, Rear Adm. Matthew Klunder, chief of the Office of Naval Research (ONR), pointed out that a maneuver that required 40 people had just dropped down to just one.
Much of the discussion and fear of armed unmanned vehicles ignores a central fact. Aerial drones like the Predator or Reaper are operated by two-man human teams, a pilot to steer the drone and a sensor operator to control the various mechanical eyes and ears. The boats that participated in the event on the James River were able to sense one another as well as other vessels, and execute complicated “swarm” maneuvers, with a bare minimum of guidance. These boats are not your average drones.
“Think about it as replicating the functions that a human boat pilot would do. We've taken that capability and extended it to multiple [unmanned surface vehicles] operating together… within that, we've designed team behaviors,” Robert Brizzolara, the manager of the SWARM program for ONR, told reporters.
At one point in their briefing, Klunder held up a cube about the size of a paper weight of circuits stacked on top one another. The unit is called the Control Architecture for Robotic Agent Command and Sensing or CARACaS. It allows the boats to “operate autonomously, without a sailor physically needing to be at the controls—including operating in sync with other unmanned vessels; choosing their own routes; swarming to interdict enemy vessels; and escorting/protecting naval assets,” according to an ONR description. “Any boat can be fitted with a kit that allows it to act autonomously and swarm on a potential threat.”
Though 13 was the number needed for that particular exercise, Klunder envisions future maneuvers with 20 or even 30 boats. They said the system will be fully operational next year.
Where Do Robotic Swarms Come From?
NASA originally designed the system for the Mars Rover. ONR adapted it for the Navy's needs but the philosophical history of swarm robotics can be traced to this 1995 paper in which artificial intelligence researchers James Kennedy and Russell Eberhardt argue that the collective behaviors that birds, fish, insects and humans display in response to rewards or threats could be captured mathematically and brought to bear on improving artificially intelligent entities in a simulation.
The “social sharing of information among conspeciates [sic] offers an evolutionary advantage,” they observe, borrowing a bit of wisdom from biologist E.O. Wilson. Kennedy and Eberhardt lay out some the major tenets for writing algorithms to mimic natural flocking or schooling behavior. It's a matter of quickly rating different known variables, threat, reward, and environment. The growing availability of small drones have transformed robot swarms from an obscure academic concept into a YouTube sensation. Consider this 2012 demo showing how University of Pennsylvania researchers turned a series of small robotic quad helicopters into musicians, which got three million views.
YouTube swarm stunts seem to grow by size and complexity faster than companies can make smart phones. Last month, Harvard researcher Radhika Nagpal demonstrated the largest robotic swarm, 1,024 small bots collaborating wordlessly to create a variety of different shapes.
It's an ongoing area of military investment as well, most notably the U.S. Army Research lab's Micro-Autonomous Systems Technology or MAST program , which has awarded millions in grants to develop swarms of tiny flying bug robots for surveillance and intelligence gathering missions.
The 13-boat swarm fleet that the Navy demonstrated last month may not seem momentous in comparison to flying bots with musical ability, but it actually represents a big breakthrough.
The units demonstrate a number of behaviors that we associate with the presence of a humanistic pre-frontal cortex. They can plan different actions to take in response to rapidly changing circumstances, weighing costs versus benefits of taking one route or another and do so in perfect collaboration in a chaotic environment. While it's true that they share situational information with one another, they also operate independently. The video of the demo looks like choreography. But that's a description the Navy pushes back against. The planning takes place rapidly, just as it would in a human brain when presented with reward or danger in natural setting.
The software that moves the Navy's swarm bot boats is “far more developed than just bees,” says Klunder.
The Navy is eager to keep the secret sauce under the lid, but the scope of the problem, the modeling challenges and mathematical solutions, can be gleaned in this recent paper titled Model-P redictive A sset G uarding by T eam of A utonomous S urface V ehicles I n E nvironment W ith C ivilian B oat . The research isn't directly related to the Navy experiment, but there's a lot of overlap. “The outlined problem can be decomposed into multiple components, e.g., accelerated simulation, trajectory planning for collision- free guidance, learning of interception behaviors, and multi-agent task allocation and planning,” the researchers write.
The Navy's breakthrough marks the clearest indication yet that more missions are falling to increasingly automated—and weaponized—systems, with human presence retreating ever deeper into the background. It's a trend that continues to alarm both AI experts and human rights watchers.
'Don't' Make Them… Autonomous'
Last May, British artificial intelligence researcher Noel Sharkey of the University of Sheffield , told Defense One that, in their view, armed UAVs were proliferating far too quickly and that the last red line to be crossed was autonomy. “Don't go to the next step. Don't make them fully autonomous. That will proliferate just as quickly and then you are really going to be sunk,” they said.
Sharkey is not alone in that concern. Political scientist Matthew Bolton of Pace University New York City's Dyson College offered a similar opinion. “Growing autonomy in weapons poses a grave threat to humanitarian and human rights law, as well as international peace and security… In modern combat it is often heartbreakingly difficult to tell the difference between a fighter and a non-combatant. Such a task relies on a soldier's wisdom, discretion and judgment; it cannot and should not be outsourced to a machine. Death by algorithm represents a violation of a person's inherent right to life, dignity and due process.”
Bolton points to the international bans on landmines as an indicator of where the debate over autonomous weapons systems is headed. “When the vast majority of countries outlawed anti-personnel landmines — a goal now endorsed by President Obama — they established that weapons which maim or kill absent of direct human control are morally reprehensible.”
The security of these systems is also of critical importance because hackers, criminals, or enemies who take control of autonomous attack systems could wreak enormous havoc. computer scientist and entrepreneur Steven Omohundro SHARE Share this on Google Plus
Share this on LinkedIn
Email this article
Other AI experts take a more nuanced view. Building more autonomy into weaponized robotics can be dangerous, according to computer scientist and entrepreneur Steven Omohundro. But the dangers can be mitigated through proper design.
“There is a competition to develop systems which are faster, smarter and more unpredictable than an adversary's. As this puts pressure toward more autonomous decision-making, it will be critical to ensure that these systems behave in alignment with our ethical principles. The security of these systems is also of critical importance because hackers, criminals, or enemies who take control of autonomous attack systems could wreak enormous havoc,” said Omohundro.
Klunder said they've built three fail safes into the system. In the event that one of the boats loses contact, it goes dead in the water.
The aspect of the program that Klunder seems most proud of is how much money it could save. Not only is the CARACaS unit is made of cheap, off-the-shelf parts, it can be fitted to a variety of the Navy's rigid inflatable or RIB boats so no pricy new frames necessary. The brains receive input from regular radar (360 degrees) and conventional electro-optical infrared or EO/IR sensors, which are hardly exotic.
The biggest cost to the program was developing the algorithms. The possibility exists for much larger cost savings by reducing multi-person missions down to single operator tasks. Providing safe passage through places like the Strait of Hormuz just got a lot cheaper.
In a recent report preview from the Center for New American Security, Paul Scharre and James Marshall described the transition to low-cost, more autonomous robotic systems as the force multiplier of the future. “Low-cost uninhabited systems offer a way to bring mass back to the fight. With no human onboard, they can take greater risk. Survivability can be balanced against cost, with swarm resiliency taking the place of platform survivability. Swarms of low-cost uninhabited systems can be used to saturate and overwhelm enemy defenses. The robotics revolution will enable new ways of bringing mass back on the battlefield.”
But recent Defense Department budget decisions actually reflect a waning enthusiasm for unmanned systems, as Alex Velez-Green notes in a provocative piece for the Harvard Political Review, in which casts funding for AI development as hampered by sunk cost projects such as the F-35. “ Unfortunately, the Department of Defense's current investment outlook does not show an appreciation for the role that swarm robotics will play in the future of warfare. Today, we are investing more than $35 billion in the Littoral Combat Ship program, and expect to spend more than $25 billion in the next several years to make the new, manned Long-Range Strike Bomber deployable by the mid-2020s. Such manned systems will be necessary complements to unmanned systems for the foreseeable future. However, their development cannot come at the expense of the robotic technology that will actually disrupt combat, which is exactly what is happening today,” they write.
The debate about the ethics of increasingly smart—and ever-more heavily armed—military robots will continue as the technology advances and the systems proliferate around the world . The Beltway battle between those who think the Defense Department is underinvesting in AI at the expense of boondoggles like the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter will also grow more heated as dollars grow more scarce. For Klunder, the issue is more personal.
The timing of the ONR briefing happens to coincide with the 14-year anniversary of the bombing of the USS Cole off the coast of Yemen that killed 17 sailors. It's an anniversary that Klunder observes with a unique sense of responsibility. “If we had this capability there on that day. We could have saved that ship,” they said. “I never want to see the USS Cole happen again.”
The military chiefs of staff of Turkey, Russia and the United States held talks on Tuesday in the southern Turkish city of Antalya to discuss regional issues, including Iraq and Syria, the Turkish army said.
“Common issues relating to regional security, in particular Syria and Iraq, are being discussed at the meeting,” the army said in a statement, without elaborating further.
The meeting, which was hosted by Turkish Chief of Staff General Hulusi Akar and attended by US Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford and Russian Chief of General Staff General Valery Gerasimov, appears to be the first of its kind.
Moscow also confirmed the meeting, with the defense ministry saying in a statement to Russian news agencies: “A joint discussion on security issues in Syria and Iraq is planned at the event.”
In August, Turkey-backed forces launched an operation to drive ISIS militants away from its border with Syria and prevent the Kurdish YPG militia taking territory in their wake.
Since pushing the jihadists out of their al-Bab stronghold, fighting has focused on villages west of Manbij, setting Turkish-backed rebels against the Manbij Military Council, part of the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) that includes the YPG.
Turkey views the YPG as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which is waging an insurgency in Turkey. Manbij is controlled by the Manbij Military Council and the US military has deployed a small number of forces in and around the city to ensure that different parties do not attack each other.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan last week said the next target for the operation in northern Syria was Manbij after Ankara-backed rebels seized al-Bab.
But Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said military action by Turkey would not make sense unless coordinated with the US and Russia.
The Antalya meeting comes as Iraqi forces backed by the US-led coalition are making progress in a vast operation aimed at retaking the ISIS-stronghold of Mosul in Iraq.
Asharq Al-Awsat Asharq Al-Awsat is the world's premier pan-Arab daily newspaper, printed simultaneously each day on four continents in 14 cities. Launched in London in 1978, Asharq Al-Awsat has established itself as the decisive publication on pan-Arab and international affairs, offering its readers in-depth analysis and exclusive editorials, as well as the most comprehensive coverage of the entire Arab world. More Posts - Facebook - Google Plus - YouTube
It's a really good case for the price.
Things I like:
Really like the dual chamber design: hard drives and power supply on one side, and motherboard on the other. The organization of it makes for easy component shuffling. Very easy to get things in and out.
Very easy build.
Very roomy: can accommodate 3 3.5" and 2 SSDs.
Hard drives easily swapped in and out
3 built in fans, and capable of accomodating water cooling
This sits next to a living room PC, so depth was a consideration: this is just small enough not to protrude too far forward.
Accommodates a full length card (but be wary of card height - my GTX760 only just fits)
All 3 fans are quiet, which are operated via 2 speed switch on front.
Looks pretty good
Main con is that feels a little flimsy during build, but when its put back together, it feels like a fairly robust unit.
Minor complaint is one 3.5" drive bays must remain vacant if you are to add a optical drive because of the internal arrangement of things.
I really like this case. Build was a smooth process (despite the somewhat shoddy instructions) and the end result is satisfying.
I'm using this as a mid-range gaming and media PC in the living room and it meets my needs perfectly. With the numerous drives it can accomodate it would be a pretty good NAS too.
As legal marijuana spreads across America, mostly for medical use, anxiety about its side effects is spreading with it: What other changes will it bring? Campaigns against loosening the law tend to focus on its unknown and possibly dangerous repercussions—a surge in pot smoking, perhaps opening the door to increased use of harder drugs and to associated spikes in crime and other societal ills.
Amid the heated debate, a small amount of hard data is starting to emerge. And among the most intriguing findings is a recent study suggesting that Massachusetts could enjoy an unexpected boon from last November's vote to legalize medical marijuana: fewer deaths on our roads and highways.
A team of economists who specialize in health and risk behaviors looked at the link between marijuana laws and traffic deaths, and found that roadway fatalities dropped significantly in states after they legalized medical marijuana. On average, deaths dropped 8 to 11 percent in the first full year after the law went into effect, and fell 10 to 13 percent by year four. Five years out, the results grew more varied, and faded in some cases.
Advertisement
The study doesn't include Massachusetts, whose medical-marijuana law just went into effect in May, well after the researchers had finished collecting and analyzing their data. But applied to Massachusetts' most recent traffic fatality statistics, the study's findings would roughly translate to about 35 lives saved per year.
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The notion that loosening the restrictions on a drug—one that's hardly known for improving reaction times—might actually improve traffic safety is surprising on the face of it, and the researchers are careful to say that there's nothing safe about driving under the influence of marijuana. But as they try to unpack what might be making the difference, it is becoming clear that the knowledge emerging from America's new experiments with marijuana law could significantly change the public conversation—giving us new data about the effects of drugs on society, and landing a familiar debate on unfamiliar new ground.
***
For more than four decades, starting in 1970, a complete prohibition on pot was the law of the land, both federally and in every state. But in 1996, California cracked the door to legalization by allowing medical marijuana, and 19 states have followed. Two states, Colorado and Washington, have fully legalized marijuana for recreational use, both last year. Meanwhile, it remains illegal under federal law to buy, sell, use, or possess pot anywhere, in any amount.
The state-level legalization trend has been so rapid that there are thus far relatively few definitive studies on its effects. For instance, while medical marijuana laws seem to increase pot smoking generally, there are conflicting findings over whether it increases use among teenagers. A scattering of contradictory, often localized, studies have also been done on changes after legalization in crime, emergency room visits, and the use of other drugs. Obviously, each of these categories is complicated, with numerous factors at work.
Advertisement
Daniel Rees, a University of Colorado economist, and their colleagues decided to look at one major but narrow public-health statistic: state-by-state data on traffic fatalities compiled by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. They gathered the numbers and controlled for other factors, such as the overall nationwide decline in traffic deaths, and states individually lowering their legal blood-alcohol limits. It didn't take long to see a pattern: Medical marijuana laws coincided with less roadway carnage.
The bulk of the team's work, published this spring in the Journal of Law and Economics, was spent trying to figure out why. After parsing the statistics, the researchers themselves chalk the drop in deaths up to “substitution”—the idea that more pot-smoking means less booze-swilling. (It is assumed by most drug researchers that some medical marijuana leaks into the general population, so it's not just patients who have more access to the drug.) The counter-argument, often used as a case against legalization, is that cannabis and alcohol are “complementary,” meaning that increased use of one spurs more consumption of the other. Once again, studies of this issue have conflicting results, because it's tough to get precise consumer data about an illegal product. But Rees and their team say a deeper analysis of their data points to lower alcohol use as the likely mechanism for the drop in traffic fatalities.
For one thing, medical marijuana laws had a smaller impact on the number of deaths in crashes where alcohol was not a factor—a 7 percent drop on average, compared to a 13 percent drop in deaths where alcohol was implicated. In addition, the drop in deaths was more robust among young adults (between 20 and 40), especially young men, and it was stronger on nights and weekends. All of that lines up with what's known about drinking and driving.
When it comes to traffic safety, says Rees, “the uncomfortable conclusion is that you'd rather have young adults smoking marijuana instead of drinking alcohol. Even I'm uncomfortable with it. But that's where the logic takes us.”
The researchers offer two possible explanations for why more marijuana use could lead to less drunken driving. One is that pot smoking takes place in different circumstances than drinking. Drinking is legal, and drinks are served in many places that can only be reached by car. People drink at bars, restaurants, ball games, picnics, concerts, and just about any adult social gathering; then they drive home. Because recreational marijuana is still illegal in all but two states, it's used in a much less open range of environments. In other words, people go out and drink, but stoners tend to stay home. (This is one factor that may start to change if legalization takes hold: In early 2013, the first “pot bars” opened in Colorado and Washington.)
Advertisement
The other possible explanation is straightforward, if definitely not something you're likely to hear from your local chapter of DARE: It could be that pot availability leads to drunk drivers being replaced with stoned drivers, and that stoned drivers are, on average, safer. In fact, while studies indicate that pot is just as bad as alcohol for distance perception, reaction time, and hand-eye coordination, it appears to be less of a danger in simulated and real-world driving tests. Driving high is by no means safe: A meta-analysis by the British Medical Journal early in 2012 found that drivers who were high on marijuana had nearly double the risk of a serious crash compared to sober counterparts. But driving drunk is worse, causing a tenfold increase in accident risk for drivers with a blood-alcohol concentration at the legal limit of 0.08, or a forty-eightfold increase at the old legal limit of 0.1. The researchers also point out that drivers under the influence of marijuana may “engage in compensatory behaviors” such as driving slowly, avoiding sudden, risky maneuvers, and staying well behind the car in front of them. Perhaps they are just more cautious than a drunk person would be, even though they are still impaired.
***
Marijuana legalization advocates may be eager to trumpet these results, but the research case is far from closed. Rosalie Pacula, an economist at the RAND Corporation specializing in drug policy research, says medical marijuana laws are far too varied from state to draw any broad conclusions about the effects of fuller legalization. (In Massachusetts, the law's patient-registration requirement places it on the stricter side, though its allowance for up to 35 dispensaries suggests fairly wide distribution.)
In work she's presented at academic conferences but has yet to publish, Pacula reanalyzed the same crash incident data and found that the drop in traffic deaths was strongest in states that restrict spillover into recreational use by requiring patients to sign on to a state registry, as Massachusetts does. This muddies the case for “substitution,” since presumably those effects would be strongest when pot was most easily obtained. Along the same lines, Pacula's analysis found that the decline in deaths was offset when marijuana dispensaries were allowed to operate and advertise their services openly under state law.
“I think they have a really interesting finding,” Pacula says. “But this is just the tip of the iceberg. It's not, aha, we have it!”
What does seem clear is that as more data become available and pot prohibitions continue to fall, America's approach to marijuana policy will have to get a lot more complicated than “just say no.” The legality of alcohol means that we have both solid information and precise laws about drinking and driving; now, as better data starts to trickle in about marijuana, what we learn will no doubt influence a variety of health and safety measures.
Rees and their collaborators continue to look at the effects of medical marijuana laws. In a forthcoming paper for the American Journal of Public Health, they have found correlations between medical marijuana laws and declines in suicides, and they're also looking into a range of other effects.
Even if these results support the substitution theory argued in their traffic fatality study, with marijuana substituting for alcohol and perhaps mitigating some of its harmful effects, they acknowledge that there may be other social problems that pot makes worse than booze ever did. “It's a possibility,” says Mark Anderson, a Montana State University economist and Rees's primary collaborator on the marijuana studies. “I think that's where we let the data tell us what's going on.”
The one certainty is that drug policy is rife with tradeoffs. As we learn more about the experience of states that relax marijuana restrictions, the fallout will certainly be more complicated than just “good” or “bad.” America's public experiment with looser drug laws has only just begun to tell us what we'll need to know.
Chris Berdik is a journalist in Boston. Their book, “Mind Over Mind,” was published in 2012 by Current, an imprint of Penguin.
Inspiring and nurturing the human spirit-one person, one cup, one neighborhood at a time. Such a sweet and sincere Starbucks mission statement. But there'll be little nurturing of the human spirit done in Howth as the owners of a Starbucks there have been ordered to discontinue its use over a breach of planning permission. It's not enough to run Starbucks out of Howth, they need to be run out of the whole country.
For a public company trading on the stock exchange, Starbucks likes to think it's an NGO. It blathers on about “meaning” and “community” while serving up a mass, corporate product. With bad art on the walls and even worse jazz on its sound system, it's a contemporary Potemkin village of eco-friendly, metropolitan affluenza. And they have the cheek to call the hot black water they sell “coffee”.
It's McDonald's for the middle classes, a weird corporate cult with its own makey-uppy language (Frappuccino?). The Stepford smiling staff are like hipster Scientologists; they want to know your name so they can write it on the cup because you're not just buying a cup of coffee, you're entering into a partnership with them where you journey together to Fair Trade Coffeeland.
In their landscape of sameness, Starbucks sell vowel-laden, sugar-ridden concoctions as symbols of sophistication and discernment. Soft furnishings, wi-fi, bumper sticker environmentalism all with a narcoleptic Norah Jones soundtrack - it's 21st century civic life out out of a flat pack box.
It's a sleight of marketing hand that has made Starbucks a Wall Street favourite. And you've just given them money so they can expedite the process of you exceeding your daily recommended sugar allowance.
But it's all ok because it's happening in what Starbucks eerily call the “Third Space” in your life (they allow the first two “spaces” to be your home and your work which is magnanimous of them)
Despite your surrounds and and the faux-Italian naming system, you are not in fact in the Palazzo Vecchio in Florence. You're on Lower Liffey Street.
“Starbucks stands for predictability, class standing, a sense of community, more natural and authentic products, and a sense of their customers as caring and more benevolent individuals” writes Professor Bryant Simon in “Everything but the Coffee: Learning about America from Starbucks”.
Simon spent five years visiting 450 Starbucks branches in ten countries to come to the conclusion that “Companies such as Starbucks no longer sell products, at least not principally; they sell experiences. That is what we pay for - we pay extra for things that makes us feel better and look better, things that communicate something about ourselves and meet our personal and collective desires”
Our sense of communalism and association are so fractured that any company that promises not just a product but a concomitant lifestyle enhancement (Starbucks, Apple etc) we will invest in not just financially but emotionally. It can't be coincidental that companies who claim to sell us not just phones or cups of coffee, but “experiences” are also the companies who might well agree with the Leona Helmsley view that “only the little people pay taxes”.
On a purely nutritional level alone Starbucks should be banished. A cup of black coffee contains 2 calories; some of Starbucks' coffees contain over 500 calories a cup. Have a latte and a muffin and depending on your gender you've already used up half your recommended daily calorie intake.
Some Starbucks drinks have as many as 25 spoonfuls of sugar in them. In response to criticism the company says it is committed to reducing the sugar content in some of its drinks by 25% before the end of 2020. In four years time we can look forward to just the eighteen spoons of sugar in our Starbucks drink.
There was a time in the 1990's before the corporate schtick ran thin that people used to lobby for a Starbucks in their area. The worst crime purported “cool” can commit is to go mainstream and Starbucks became banal and ubiquitous to the extent that people now lobby to keep them out of their area.
Worse still, Starbucks now pretend they aren't who they really are. Back in 2009, the company debuted a series of “Stealth Starbucks” outlets. These are coffee shops debranded of any mention of their name. They appear to be your standard small, independent coffee shop except if you look at the small print close enough you will see the give-away line: “inspired by Starbucks”.
Once the jig was up on that peculiar stunt, the company then decided to go after people with more money than sense. The new “Starbucks Reserve” concept is high-end coffee shops catering for the demented out there who believe “coffee is the new wine”. There's one in Covent Garden, London which sells “reserve espressos”, its menu tantalisingly reveals that the “Peru Bagua Grande coffee offers medium acidity and body, floral aroma along with notes of candied lemon and chocolate”. It would make you shed a nostalgic tear for a jar of Maxwell House.
But the one hilarious thing you need to know about Starbucks is how scared they are of entering the Italian market. There are numerous Starbucks branches in Portugal, Spain, France, Switzerland etc. There are zero in Italy. The company even decided to open up in Cambodia, Azerbaijan and the Forbidden City in Beijing ahead of opening in its spiritual home.
Starbucks CEO, Howard Schultz got the idea for exporting and franchising Italian style coffee shops tailored for the North American market after a visit to the country in the 1980's. All those Italian names in Starbucks and calling their biscuits “biscotti” are supposed to exude continental sophistication but are about as authentic as an Irish bar would be in El Paso, Texas.
Italy is the last place in the developed world without a Starbucks as the company won't risk being rejected by the place that inspired it. You can get a damn fine espresso anywhere in Italy for €1; a bucket of beige liquid with marshmallows floating on top of it might not cut it there.
Starbucks say they hope to open a branch in Milan in 2017, but will only do so “with humility and respect”. No need to build a new one, there's one in Howth you can pack up and bring with you.
Local Sheriff's detective on leave after shooting incident
A McCracken County Sheriff's detective has been put on paid leave after a shooting incident.
The McCracken County Sheriff's Department says Detective Cory Golightly was involved in a shooting at a wedding at Bardwell Baptist Church in Carlisle County over the weekend. Sheriff Jon Hayden tells Local 6 the gun and holster were not those that their department issues.
Jeanine King was playing the piano for the service and told Local 6 they were just leaving the sanctuary when they heard the shot. They said it was so loud it didn't register what it was.
“My initial reaction was, ‘Oh my goodness. Could that possibly be a gun?'” King said. “Then my next thought was, ‘Gosh, who's in the church with a gun?'”
They said once they heard Golightly call for their mom, they knew something was really wrong. When they got to where it happened in the foyer they said things were not chaotic.
“He was so calm,” they said. “He said, ‘Mom, breathe and be calm. Be calm.'”
Mike Collins is on the Bardwell Fire Department and the custodian for the church, and they heard the call come in. They rushed over to see what happened. They said all the witnesses said the same thing.
“He (Golightly) was adjusting their jacket. The gun and holster fell out of their jacket and accidentally went off and shot her,” Collins said.
The Carlisle County Sheriff's Department is investigating, but as of Monday evening the sheriff had not returned Local 6's phone calls.
A hospital representative from Vanderbilt University Medical Center tells Local 6 Golightlys mother is in stable condition.
Getty Images
On Friday, a new task force formed by Missouri governor Jay Nixon published a proposal for a new stadium in St. Louis. For the Rams. To play in. If they don't move to Los Angeles.
The Rams, who didn't attend the press conference at which the new stadium was announced, have issued a statement regarding the proposal.
“The St. Louis Rams have worked for many years, with several agencies and commissions, and their senior management, responsible for stadium facilities in St. Louis. This includes multiple discussions with the Governor's recently formed NFL Task Force. We received the Task Force materials shortly before the press conference. We will review them and speak with the Task Force representatives.”
That's what they said. Here's what it likely means.
We've given the politicians years to make a viable proposal for a new stadium. They've yet to do so. We even went to an arbitration over what it would take to put the current stadium in the top 25 percent of all NFL stadiums. Our proposal won, but the politicians chose not to upgrade the stadium. Which puts us on a one-year-at-a-time lease. Which allows us to leave.
And leave we will if, as we expect, the proposal made Friday contains the same deficiencies that past proposals exhibited. Actually, we now hope that the proposal is deficient, because we've begun the process of emotionally detaching from St. Louis, given the recent announcement that owner Stan Kroenke wants to build a stadium in Los Angeles. We would have preferred no proposal at all. But now that a proposal has been made, we need to read it and find fault with it to justify our intention to move.
Being a terrible hockey team for almost a decade impacts a lot of things. The low morale of fans, the constant trade rumors and bogus narratives, and the negative perception of management and owners are all tied to loser franchises. These are things that can easily be reversed if the team starts winning, but unfortunately, that isn't happening any time soon.
And as the playoff drought continues for the Oilers, the history of a franchise also starts to get diminished. There's this notion that the Oilers have been bad far past the 2006 cup run. The narrative makes sense: they were the 8th seeded team that barely made the playoffs in 2006 and beat out Detroit (1st), San Jose (5th) and Anaheim (6th) to get to game seven of the finals. Following the loss to the Hurricanes, the team went on to missing the playoffs nine straight years. Add it all up, and you could safely assume that the 2006 run was a complete fluke.
What gets overshadowed by the Oilers remarkable playoff run in 2006 is their regular season performance. While it's true that the team finished 8th and clinched a playoff berth in the last week of the season, there are some underlying numbers worth highlighting. Here's their overall record
GP W L OT PTS PTS% VS WEST VS CEN VS NW VS PAC 82 41 28 13 95 0.574 38-25-9 10-6-4 15-15-2 13-4-3
That Northwest division was quite the killer that season. All five teams had points percentages above 0.500. No other division was as this tight. The Oilers needed 95 points to qualify for the playoffs and were only four points back of 5th place San Jose. The club ranked 14th on the powerplay (18.1%) and 8th on the penalty kill (84.1).
Here's a high level snap shot of the Oilers' advanced stats from the 2005-2006 regular season. I took into account all situations and found a comparative team from the 2013-2014 season based on rank. Regular season shot attempt data is worth reviewing, as it's been a pretty good predictor of championships.
All Situations Corsi For % of total Fenwick % of total Shot Differentials Total Percentage of shots On ice shooting percentage On ice save percentage PDO Off Zone Starts Rating 52.2 53.7 347 53.8 10.2 88.4 98.6 53.1 Ranking 6th 3rd 3rd 3rd 17th 30th 26th 6th 2013-2014 Comparison St. Louis Chicago LA LA Montreal NYI Calgary Boston
Source: War on Ice
The Oilers put together some fantastic numbers over a full season, and compare well to some of the more recent top teams. The Oilers were a strong possession team over 82 games and had the sixth highest offensive zone starts. The team allowed the fewest shots in the league, but had the worst on-ice save percentage. That of course impacted the PDO, which was one of the lowest in the league. Worth noting that the Avalanche, who finished 7th overall, had the second highest on-ice shooting percentage (11.4%), while the 6th seeded Ducks combined their excellent possession stats with the sixth highest on-ice save percentage (90.9%).
Chris Pronger was instrumental in the team's possession numbers, but the Oilers had a very well constructed roster that started with talent down the middle. They had the second best team-faceoff percentage that season (53.4%), with Horcoff and Stoll both finishing with 65+ points. The wingers took close to half of the total shots, with Smyth and Hemsky finishing with 66 and 77 points respectively. And of the top six defencemen based on total ice time, only one was under 30. Not bad roster management. Source: Hockey Reference
The weakness of the Oilers that year was definitely in goal as the club struggled all season to get consistent performances. The goaltending was pitiful with no clear-cut starter all season. Only two shutouts registered in 2005-2006, while the Flames got 10 from their keepers. It was finally at the deadline that Lowe acquired Roloson from Minnesota for a first round pick and sent away Morrison (waivers) and Conklin (AHL).
Player Games Minutes Wins Losses T/O SV% GAA SO Jussi Markkanen 37 2016 15 12 6 0.880 3.12 0 Mike Morrison 21 892 10 4 2 0.884 2.83 0 Dwayne Roloson 19 1163 8 7 4 0.905 2.42 1 Ty Conklin 18 922 8 5 1 0.880 2.8 1
Source: Hockey Reference
Piecing together these stats is really just a way to get a fair assessment of what the team actually was ten years ago. The narratives grow and evolve over time depending on the context, so it's critical to ground our understanding of the game in some degree of quantitative evidence. A blend of the advanced stats derived from analytics with the standard boxcar numbers of the players give a much better assessment of the team's regular season success.
If there are additional stats or stories from that season worth mentioning, let me know.
Advertisements
ZURICH (Reuters) - Shares in Swiss-based computer peripherals maker Logitech International SA rose as much as 12 percent on Thursday based on speculation Microsoft Corp would launch a takeover bid, traders said.
A salesperson shows computer mice of Logitech and Microsoft to the photographer at a computer store in Lucerne, January 10, 2008. REUTERS/Michael Buholzer
Analysts dismissed rumors of an $8 billion takeover bid as unlikely and Logitech board member Daniel Borel, the company's largest shareholder, said they had no reason to sell their 6 percent stake. They declined to comment on the speculation.
Such a deal would be Microsoft's biggest ever and while the world's largest software maker has recently shown a willingness to do bigger deals, it has focused most of its acquisitions on higher-margin Web and business software.
“I am a co-founder of Logitech. Would you be willing to sell your child?” Borel told Reuters in an interview.
“I have no reason to sell. But I will not be the one to decide. I own only some 6 percent so I will neither enable nor prevent a sale of Logitech.”
Traders said rumors circulated that Logitech, with a market capitalization of about 7 billion Swiss francs ($6.3 billion), would receive a takeover bid at 48 francs per share from Microsoft.
This would be a premium of 38 percent to Wednesday's 34.80-franc closing price and value it at 9.16 billion francs.
“Rumors are rumors. I can't make any specific comment on them,” Borel said.
A Logitech spokesperson declined to comment. Microsoft said it does not comment on rumor or speculation.
A Logitech takeover would make the software leader the world's largest maker of computer mice and other peripheral devices as well.
“It seems out of left field. Microsoft has a small decent hardware business, but I don't see why it would do this,” said Morningstar analyst Toan Tran.
Last year, Microsoft completed its biggest acquisition, paying $6 billion for digital advertising firm aQuantive.
Shares in Logitech pared gains later in the Zurich session and closed 5.8 percent higher at 36.70 francs. Microsoft shares fell 14 cents to $34.30 in afternoon Nasdaq trading.
HARDWARE
Logitech is the market share leader in PC mice, a market it has shared over the years with Microsoft which so far has showed little interest in using its market power to dominate a hardware segment such as this.
But Microsoft has established a large market for hardware with its Xbox entertainment console and Logitech's accessories would dovetail with this new segment.
“Microsoft is above all a software company — it is a very, very large company and only in a couple of ‘small' fields we compete with each other,” said Borel when asked whether Microsoft would be a good partner for Logitech.
Logitech also manufactures a wide range of computer accessories, including Webcams, speakers and keyboards.
The entry of Microsoft into the Webcam market dented sales at Logitech, whose products also include remote controls.
Some market participants played down the possibility of a bid.
“Today's share price rise is probably more related to a rebound in the market than any rumors,” said Michael Foeth, analyst at bank Vontobel, which rates Logitech a “buy.”
“Logitech has lost almost 20 percent since the start of the year,” said another Zurich trader. “Now they're covering shorts. The rumors are just a bunch of talk.”
Related Coverage Logitech shareholder says has no reason to sell
With a price-earnings ratio of 18.8 on forecast 2008 earnings, Logitech is already one of the most expensive firms in the Dow Jones index of European tech shares.
Logitech reports fiscal third-quarter results on January 17.
(Additional reporting by Katie Reid, Peter Maushagen, and Rupert Pretterklieber in Zurich, Daisuke Wakabayashi and Eric Auchard in Las Vegas; Editing by Paul Bolding and Braden Reddall)
U.S. Copyright Office says it won't register works by animals, plants or supernatural beings
The draft of its official practices, third edition contains a requirement of human authorship:
The U.S. Copyright Office will register an original work of authorship, provided that the work was created by a human being. The copyright law only protects “the fruits of intellectual labor” that “are founded in the creative powers of the mind.” Trade-Mark Cases, 100 U.S. 82, 94 (1879). Because copyright law is limited to “original intellectual conceptions of the author,” the Office will refuse to register a claim if it determines that a human being did not create the work. Burrow-Giles Lithographic Co. v. Sarony, 111 U.S. 53, 58 (1884). The Office will not register works produced by nature, animals, or plants. Likewise, the Office cannot register a work purportedly created by divine or supernatural beings, although the Office may register a work where the application or the deposit copy(ies) state that the work was inspired by a divine spirit.
The first example given of something the U.S. Copyright Office will not register is, of course, "a photograph taken by a monkey". The others are:
• A mural painted by an elephant.
• A claim based on the appearance of actual animal skin.
• A claim based on driftwood that has been shaped and smoothed by
the ocean.
• A claim based on cut marks, defects, and other qualities found in
natural stone.
Registration with the U.S. Copyright Office is not required for copyright protection, which takes effect when a work is created. However, registration provides significant legal advantages, such as the ability to receive statutory damages in lawsuits.
New Hampshire to Hold Marijuana Legalization Hearings at the State House on Thursday
CONCORD, NH — A committee in the New Hampshire House will hear testimony Thursday on three separate bills that would reform marijuana laws in the Granite State. Two of the bills would reduce or eliminate penalties for possession of marijuana, and the third would regulate and tax marijuana for adults 21 and over.
All three bills will be heard by the Criminal Justice and Public Safety Committee, and are scheduled for Thursday, February 14 beginning at 1:00 pm.
The first bill, HB 492, would make marijuana legal for adults 21 and over, allowing individuals to cultivate up to six plants for personal use and setting up a framework for taxing and regulating the production and sale of marijuana. HB 492 would also allow for licensed and regulated marijuana retail stores, in addition to licensed facilities to cultivate, and manufacture marijuana.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
The bill is designed in the ” interest of the efficient use of law enforcement resources, enhancing revenue for public purposes, and individual freedom” for the people of New Hampshire. A similar bill, HB 1705, fell one vote short of being approved by the House Criminal Justice and Public Safety Committee in 2012.
The second bill, HB 337, would entirely remove marijuana from the New Hampshire criminal code. This bill would end marijuana prohibition in New Hampshire, but would not establish a system of regulated cultivation, sales, or taxation. It would also repeal prohibitions on paraphernalia related to marijuana use or cultivation. Similar bills have been introduced in New Hampshire in the past, but none has received significant support from legislators.
The third bill, HB 621, would decriminalize possession of less than one ounce of marijuana. The bill would reduce the penalty for possessing less than one ounce of marijuana to a violation punishable by a fine of up to $100. Minors under 18 would also be subject to parental notification and a court-ordered drug awareness program.
Currently, possession of any amount of marijuana in New Hampshire is a misdemeanor punishable by up to a year in jail and a $1,000 fine.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
A similar bill, HB 1526, passed the House in a 162-161 vote on in March 2012, but it was unanimously rejected by the Senate. Previously, in 2010, the New Hampshire House passed HB 1653 (213-137), but it was rejected by the Senate following a veto threat by Gov. John Lynch.
New England states have long supported marijuana reform. New Hampshire remains the only state in New England that does not allow the medical use of marijuana. Neighbors in Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticut have all decriminalized possessing small amounts of marijuana, and Vermont is considering two decriminalization bills so far in 2013.
Polling conducted in January of 2013 by Public Policy Polling reported that 53% of New Hampshire voters support changing state law to regulate and tax marijuana similarly to alcohol, only 37% were opposed. Polls also show that over two-thirds of New Hampshire voters support medical marijuana coming to the Granite State.
New Hampshire has been targeted by the Marijuana Policy Project for a 2013 medical marijuana bill, which they expect incoming Gov. Maggie Hassan (D), who is a strong supporter of medical marijuana, to sign if it passes the Legislature. Medical marijuana bills passed the legislature in 2009 and 2012, but were vetoed by former Gov. John Lynch.
Tags: HB 1705
Part of the Truthout Series Planet or Profit
Duke Energy's coal ash pond in Eden, North Carolina, was a ticking time bomb. For more than 50 years, Duke Energy dumped ash and other wastes from a power plant in two unlined ponds next to the Dan River. The plant shut down in 2012, but the company just left the ash waste sitting in the ponds, the larger of the two measuring 27 acres across. On February 2, a busted stormwater pipe under the primary pond released millions of gallons of toxic sludge into the Dan River, which provides drinking water for communities downstream.
It took Duke Energy, the nation's largest electricity producer, more than 24 hours to publicly report the spill and an additional six days to permanently plug the leak as an estimated 82,000 tons of ash turned the Dan River grey and contaminated its waters with dangerous levels of arsenic and other heavy metals. Duke Energy is currently working to contain and remove a 300-cubic-yard deposit of ash from the river.
The spill sounds like an unprecedented environmental disaster, but it's not. In December 2008, coal ash impoundment maintained by the Tennessee Valley Authority in Kingston, Tennessee, burst open and 1.1 billion gallons of toxic sludge flooded out, destroying homes, streams and wetlands. Another TVA pond in Alabama leaked 10,000 gallons of coal waste sludge into a stream a month later. In August 2005, a coal ash pond at PPL's Martins Creek Power Station in Bangor, Pennsylvania, failed, spilling 100 million gallons of ash across 10 acres of land and into the Delaware River. And the list of accidents and spills goes on.
(Photo: Duke Energy / Flickr)
Coal ash is the nation's largest waste stream. More than 140 million tons of the waste – a mixture of ash, boiler slag and desulfurization sludge removed from smokestacks – is produced by America's power plants every year, and the industry estimates that 3 billion tons of coal ash has been generated since the beginning of the last century. Some of the waste is recycled, but much of it simply has been stored in more than 1,000 ponds, impoundments and landfills across the country.
Like the Duke Energy pond that leaked in North Carolina, at least 535 of the nation's ash ponds operate without a liner that would prevent chemicals and heavy metals from leaching into water sources. Coal ash can contain mercury, selenium, arsenic, chromium and other toxic and heavy metals, and at least 207 spills and contamination events have occurred in 37 states, according to data compiled by environmental groups. A 2010 Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) review found that people living near unlined coal ash dumps have a one in 50 chance of developing cancer from arsenic contamination. The agency said last week that arsenic contamination is one of the main concerns that drew federal officials to the Dan River spill in North Carolina.
Weak State Regulation
The EPA, however, continues to exempt coal ash from federal regulation and classifies coal ash as a nonhazardous waste in the same class as household garbage, leaving the oversight of coal ash storage up to state agencies that have notoriously weak enforcement standards for the nation's aging fleet of coal ash dumps. A 2013 review of regulations in 37 states by the environmental group Earthjustice found that only three states require composite liners for all new coal ash ponds and only two states require groundwater monitoring. Despite the growing list of coal ash disasters, only 17 states require regulatory inspections of the structural integrity of coal ash dams and ponds.
(Photo: Appalachian Voices / Flickr)
State regulators also are known for working closely with the industries they are supposed to regulate. Environmentalists say that is the case in North Carolina, where Republican Gov. Pat McCrory is a former Duke Energy employee and environmentalists have been highly critical of the state's response to the Dan River spill. Since their unsuccessful run for governor in 2008, Duke Energy and affiliated political groups and donors have spent $1.1 million supporting McCrory's candidacy, according to reports.
“Waterkeeper doesn't have a lot of confidence that the McCrory administration is going to adequately investigate this spill and require Duke to do a full cleanup,” said Donna Lisenby, a campaigner with the Waterkeeper Alliance, one of the first environmental groups to respond to the spill.
Environmentalists were enraged when initial reports from the North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) seemed to downplay the extent of the disaster at Dan River. State regulators initially reported last week that water samples did not show levels of pollutants, including several heavy metals, exceeding state water standards. Samples taken by the Waterkeeper Alliance shortly after the spill, however, showed dangerously high levels of arsenic, chromium, lead and other contaminants typically found in coal ash.
(Photo: Appalachian Voices / Flickr)DENR later issued a correction claiming it made an “honest mistake” in interpreting its results for arsenic, which had contaminated the river at levels that endanger the health of humans and wildlife. The agency warned the public to stay out of the river.
A press release from the McCrory administration last week boasted about the legal action the state has taken to force Duke Energy to clean up its leaking coal ash ponds across the North Carolina. But the state stepped in last year only after environmental groups threatened to take Duke Energy to court over alleged coal ash contamination at several sites. DENR then took over the lawsuits from the environmental groups and, in two cases, negotiated a deal with Duke Energy that did not require any comprehensive cleanup and simply levied a $99,111 fine against the $50 billion company. The state asked a judge to disregard that original settlement this week in light of the Dan River spill and after news reports brought critical attention to the original deal.
DENR spokesperson Jamie Kritzer told Truthout on Monday that state regulators must continue their investigation of the Dan River spill before enforcing environmental laws against Duke Energy.
“It's probably premature to be talking about fines,” Kritzer said. ” … We've worked with the utility to get this thing stopped, the next step will be to continue to assess what kind of things are in the river and assess the damages that occurred to the environment.”
Kritzer said enforcement actions against Duke Energy could come from both the EPA and DENR, but it's unclear what that enforcement would look like, although there has “obviously” been a violation of Duke Energy's pollution discharge permits. Kritzer said DENR is “in it for the long haul” because cleanup and monitoring of the Dan River could take years. Kritzer would not comment on whether the Dan River spill might inspire some changes in the way North Carolina regulates coal ash, but they did say the spill would “raise people's eyebrows and open their eyes to the potential for changes.”
New Federal Rules for Coal Ash
In the meantime, environmentalists will turn their attention to the EPA, which could propose stricter federal rules for coal ash waste this year.
Soon after the Obama administration took office in 2009, the EPA pledged to make new rules for coal ash in the wake of the Kingston spill. The agency finally made some proposals in 2010 but has dragged its feet in the face of industry criticism ever since. Environmental groups recently challenged the EPA in court to force a rulemaking, and in October 2013, a federal judge ruled that the agency must act. Just days before the massive spill in the Dan River, the EPA announced a December 2014 deadline to finalize the first-ever federal rules for coal ash.
The EPA has the option to issue rules that would continue classifying coal ash as a nonhazardous waste and leave much of its regulation up to state agencies. The agency also could decide to designate coal ash as a “special waste” that would require more federal oversight. Environmentalists are crossing their fingers in hopes that the EPA will learn a lesson from the Dan River spill and take the high road toward stricter regulations that could force utility companies to close many of their open-air ash dumps for good.
In the Rome video, 26-year-old Rachele Brancatisano spends ten hours walking through different neighbourhoods in the Italian capital.
Dressed in black trousers and t-shirt, they are filmed being repeatedly harassed by men.
“At least a smile!” one man says, while others throw questions at her:
“Single in Rome?”
“Not even a hug?”
“Don't angels fly?”
“Are you married?”
Some men appear so stunned to see Brancatisano walk past they are lost for words, instead vocalizing their feelings with “Eeehy!” or “Uh!”
Throughout the day they experienced over 100 incidents of harassment, in areas including Rome's historical centre.
Brancatisano's video follows the same experiment being carried out by 24-year-old Shoshana Roberts in New York, where the experience was strikingly similar.
The US video has been supported by Hollaback! - an organization which aims to end street harassment by encouraging victims to capture incidents on their mobile phones.
Watch the New York video:
Whiskey's Role In The Popular Kentucky-Based Crime Drama
By Richard Thomas
FX's Justified has earned a following among Kentuckians for its authentic, down home flavor (this despite being shot in California), due in no small part to the prominent role Kentucky's native spirit, bourbon, plays in it. Indeed, Justified is often described as the most whiskey-soaked show on television, the show where bourbon is a supporting character, and as the kind of show where you can tell a lot about a character by the kind of whiskey they drink. Without whiskey, Justified just ain't Justified.
With the Elmore Leonard-inspired series entering its sixth and final season, it's high time to review just who drinks what on the show, and what that might say about them.
Raylan Givens: Early in the series, the protagonist identified themselves as the show's white hat by asking for Jim Beam. Since that early reference, Givens was often seen drinking bourbon, but the actual whiskey in question went unidentified except for a few brief, blink-and-you'll-miss it glimpses of the bottle. The drought on Givens's drinking choices continued until we see them in Lindsey Salazar's bar, presumably before they started sleeping with them When Givens's ex Ava stops in, Lindsey offers them what Raylan is drinking: Elmer T. Lee, from “the top shelf.” They later suggested to their fifth-season love interest, Alison Brander, that they get into bed with them and a bottle of Blanton's.
Overall, Givens isn't especially particular, and will drink whatever is put in front of them so long as it's bourbon and it's at least a decent one.
Boyd Crowder: In their initial appearances, the show's principal antagonist was a Wild Turkey man. Presumably going for “The Bird” fit their role as the continuing bad guy. As Crowder moved up in the world, ultimately becoming Harlan's crime boss, their tastes rose too. In later episodes they express a fondness for Russell's Reserve, but is usually seen drinking Elmer T. Lee.
Art Mullen: The Chief Deputy Marshal and Givens's boss is the type of guy who has a bottle of Blanton's tucked away in their desk for when it is needed. On another occasion they were given a bottle of Pappy Van Winkle as a gift, and that has made appearances as well. Yet according to Nick Searcy, the actor who plays Mullen, the character's go-to whiskey is not bourbon, but Canadian: Crown Royal. As strange as it might seem, Crown Royal would be very authentic, since Lexington, Kentucky is awash in Crown Royal advertising. Collectively, the picture is one of a folksy, successful Lexingtonian with hardworking roots.
Arlo Givens: Raylan's criminal father was, like Crowder in their early days, a Wild Turkey guy.
Emmitt Arnett: The Frankfort-based “Dixie Mafia” boss was shown pouring Pappy Van Winkle into their coffee. Their coffee! Clearly this was meant to suggest conspicuous consumption. I'm sure many a bourbon fan were waiting with baited breath for the character's Season 3 demise for their manifest sin.
Mags Bennett: The “pot queen” of Southeastern Kentucky was also a moonshiner, who routinely offered their apple pie ‘shine as part of their hospitality… or to poison folks they needed to be rid of. The intent was obviously to give them a deeper Appalachian polish than bourbon could provide for the character.
Robert Quarles: The Detroit mobster who killed Arnett and then filled their shoes also adopted their taste in bourbon, but thankfully they showed enough class to not pour Pappy Van Winkle into their java.
Behind the screen, the real people who are associated with Justified are also whiskey enthusiasts. The series is based on the work of author Elmore Leonard, who has a liking for Knob Creek and Black Maple Hill. Walton Goggins, who plays Boyd Crowder, is reportedly a Maker's Mark fan, while Nick Searcy's go-to whiskey is Bushmills.
Since the implementation of Twitter's new algorithmic timeline back in February of this year, conservatives, libertarians and anti-establishment dissidents alike have been waiting for the social media platform to interfere in the current U.S. election cycle. Now it seems that there is clear evidence of Twitter censoring the current Republican front-runner, Donald Trump.
A tweet sent from Trump's account at 3:04 PM EDT yesterday is not visible from their timeline, even when showing “Tweets and replies.” That message included a video wherein Trump declared that “the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country.”At the time of this writing, the tweet is still publicly accessible via a direct link and thus has not been deleted either by Twitter or by someone operating on the Trump account.
This archive.is link has a copy of the timeline taken before this article was published which clearly shows the tweet not appearing where it should be — between a tweet sent at 12:10 PM EDT and one sent at 3:27 PM EDT; it is possible that the tweet may be reintroduced to the timeline in order to hide the manipulation.
Milo Yiannopoulos, editor of Breitbart Tech, predicted 2 months ago that Twitter would seek to interfere with the primary process, noting that Twitter's head of news, government and elections served as Deputy Chief of Staff for a Democrat senator from Louisiana in 2008, and that they are also a Term Member of the Council of Foreign Relations. A move to shadowban the tweets of the Republican front-runner would therefore not entirely be unexpected.
Unlike Twitter, Facebook has publicly declared that it will not seek to influence the election, insisting that it is “a neutral platform,” but it, too, has an algorithmic timeline and also has worked with German Chancellor Angela Merkel to remove anti-refugee comments from its site.
Breitbart Tech has reached out to Twitter for comment, but there has been no response so far.
Jack Hadfield is a student at Warwick Univeristy and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter here: @ToryBastard_.
In their introduction to Poems from the Women's Movement, Honor Moore recollects a friend saying, “The women's movement was poetry.”
The women's movement was–and is–many things, and poetry was–and is–a necessary part of it. During the 1970s, poetry provided a way for women to find their voices and validate their experiences. Poetry enabled feminists to challenge dominant narratives and begin to think differently. Feminists wrote, circulated and performed poetry to agitate and inspire other women. Poetry was intimately tied to consciousness-raising as a way for women to voice their dreams and desires. It could be found in publications such as The Furies and Ms., as well as in a plethora of anthologies and chapbooks put out by small presses and passed from hand to hand. Some feminist poets of the time, particularly Audre Lorde, Adrienne Rich and Marilyn Hacker, achieved broad recognition, and today their poetry is anthologized widely. Their work is a testament to the staying power of feminist poetry, as well as to its evolution over the past four decades.
For National Poetry Month, I will revisit the energy and intensity of the women's movement in the 1970s by presenting five poems by lesser-known feminist poets. Two things make each of the poems in this series special. First, each poem draws its content from the everyday stuff of women's lives. Their subjects were immediate and urgent to feminists in the 1970s—and they continue to be today.
Second, each poem was first published by a small feminist press. During the 1970s and 1980s, such presses flourished in the U.S. and gave a start to many feminist writers who are well-known today. Some were modest in scale; others aspired to displace the so-called LICE (Literary Industrial Corporate Establishment). Most of these publishers are now gone, and, unfortunately, much of what they published is now out of print, although occasionally available from used booksellers.
To kick off the series, I present Joan Larkin's poem “‘Vagina' Sonnet” from their collection Housework. Housework was published in 1975 by a small, Brooklyn-based press, Out & Out Books. Larkin was a member of the collective that operated the press, which published 18 books before closing its doors in 1980.
In “‘Vagina' Sonnet,” Larkin questions what language is appropriate for poems and addresses quotidian misogyny. They employ compression and wordplay to lend power to the poem's message, which is both playful and polemical.
‘Vagina' Sonnet Is “vagina” suitable for use in a sonnet? I don't suppose so. A famous poet told me, “Vagina's ugly.” Meaning, of course, the sound of it. In poems. Meanwhile, they insert their penis frequently into their verse, calling it, seriously, “My Penis.” It is short, I know, and dignified. I mean of course the sound of it. In poems. This whole thing is unfortunate, but petty, like my hangup concerning English Dept. memos headed “Mr./Mrs./Miss”–only a fishbone in the throat of the revolution– a waste of brains–to be concerned about this minor issue of my cunt's good name.
‘Vagina' Sonnet, Copyright Joan Larkin, reproduced with the permission of the author.
Read more about Joan Larkin here.
A complete bibliography of Larkin's work.
Larkin was recently awarded the 2011 Academy Fellowship from the Academy of American Poets.
Top: Joan Larkin with their daughter Kate; Copyright Ellen Friedman. Right: Cover of Housework.
If you possess a Samsung Galaxy S6, then you will have received in recent days the following problem under certain circumstances. The icon for the activation of the "mobile data" in the status bar is gone. This is of course annoying because if the mobile data is still active, itcannot be easily disabled.
In this guide we want to show you first how to disable the mobile data on the Samsung Galaxy S6 without the icon in the status bar.
1. Disable or enable Mobile data without the Quick Launch icon in the status bar
Opens from the Home Screen the menu and then the Settings. Search for "data usage" and tap on the entry, if you find it. You can now see in the next window an option with "Mobile data". By switching the controller, the mobile data connection can now be deactivated.
2. How can I restore the "Mobile data" shortcut icon in the status bar?
The cause of the disappearance of the icon "Mobile data" in the status bar of your Samsung Galaxy S6 is a bit mysterious. Samsung itself has for the moment no reasonable solution, except to create a backup reset the device to factory settings and then restore the backup. Of course, Samsung is working parallel to a new firmware update in which this issue is resolved.
Who cannot wait for so long, can use a patch from a XDA-Developers user that will return the buttons again. Here is the link: Mobile Data Patch
Use the patch on your own risk!
Unfortunately the Android Lollipop 5.0.2 firmware on the Samsung Galaxy S6 has still hiding many small bugs and the problem with the sudden disappearance of the Mobile Data Shortcuts in the status bar is one of them.
President Vladimir Putin signed a law Wednesday banning the adoption of children by same-sex couples in Russia and abroad – and by residents of foreign countries where gay marriages are sanctioned.
The latest act aims to protect children from “dictated non-traditional sexual behavior” and protect them from “distress”, which psychologists say is experienced by children raised by same sex parents according to a fact sheet on the Kremlin's website.
The act, which amends the Family Code and several federal laws, also eases some adoption procedures for Russians and expands orphans' rights to medical care. The piece of the legislation swept through the both chambers of the Russian parliament in June.
Russia is currently working to sign bilateral agreements on child adoption with other countries. One of the first to sign such an agreement was France, and over the past few years it ranked fourth by the number of adopted Russian children after the United States, Italy and Spain. After France legalized same-sex marriage in May 2013 Russian officials said that the adoption agreement must be urgently changed.
Wednesday sign-off comes on top of another law approved by the president earlier in the week – the one which strengthens the penalties for “propagating homosexuality among minors”. The law bans any adverts which could be interpreted as having homosexual connotations from the media and the internet, which may be viewed by children.
The bill carries quite substantial penalties. Thus, for using the media or the internet for the promotion of non-traditional sex relations individuals will have to shell out up to 100,000 rubles (about US$ 3,000), while organizations – a million rubles or face a 90-day suspension of activities. Foreigners could also be put in jail and then deported.
The law was slammed as discriminatory by gay activists and human rights organizations in Russia and abroad; fears that it could lead to an increase in homophobia were voiced.
The Russian president told reporters last month that there was no discrimination in Russia.
“Less aggression and less emphasis on these problems would benefit everybody. People of all preferences are working in our country, making careers. We recognize them at state level for particular achievements in the fields where they work,” they said at the Russia-EU summit in Yekaterinburg on 4 June.
An African safari-themed restaurant with a venue for music has been a dream for Demera Ethiopian Restaurant co-owner Girmai Lemma. The dream will become a reality later this month when Lemma and chef/owner Tigist Reda open Safari Lounge at 7124 N. Clark St. in Rogers Park.
Demera —an Eater 38 mainstay—has long been a favorite in Uptown, many times introducing Chicagoans to the world of African food. Over at Safari, Reda said she's created a smaller menu that includes bar bites from a kitchen that will stay open late. There's also a concise restaurant menu, with fusion cuisine that transforms some of the favorite flavors from Demera into casual American food vehicles.
Leda is taking awaze (Ethiopian hot red pepper and garlic paste) and adding honey to create Safari's chicken wings. There's a burger on the bar menu inspired by kitfo, the Ethiopian-style steak tartare with herbed butter, chili powder and cardamom. They'll serve Kenyan and Ethiopian beer.
"[Safari Lounge will] be for everyone," Reda said. "It's going to have African, Caribbean...something for people looking for something a little different."
In addition to the African bottled beer, they'll have local drafts, as well as cocktails. Reda and Lemma are married, and Reda said she'll remain focus on Demera, while their husband's attention will lean more toward the new spot, which DNAinfo first noticed.
Safari Lounge takes up 4,500 square feet on two floors. Upstairs is for bands and private events and can hold 100 to 150, Reda said. Downstairs, where they'll have the bar and more of a lounge feel with TVs and bench seating, will hold 50 to 75. The safari feel also includes taxidermy, a tiger and a lion, but it's not all about the hunt. There will be a few homages to Bob Marley.
"It's going to be really exciting," Reda said. "It took a little while to open, but we're really excited. The colors, the pictures on the wall, it's a really warm feeling."
A former Texas Department of Public Safety state trooper was sentenced to two years probation Friday after pleading guilty to two counts of official oppression in connection with an illegal roadside cavity search that was recorded on dashcam video. (Published Friday, May 23, 2014)
A former Texas Department of Public Safety state trooper was sentenced to two years probation Friday after pleading guilty to two counts of official oppression in connection with an illegal roadside cavity search that was recorded on dashcam video.
Angel and Ashley Dobbs were stopped by Trooper David Farrell on July 13, 2012, after they said they saw the women throw cigarettes out of their vehicle. Farrell, who said they smelled marijuana in the car, called for a female trooper to search the women.
Trooper Kelly Helleson arrived at the scene and conducted the search, which was recorded by Farrell's dashboard camera.
Nothing illegal was found in the search.
Fmr. Trooper Given Probation in Cavity Search Case
A former Texas Department of Public Safety state trooper was sentenced to two years probation Friday after pleading guilty to two counts of official oppression in connection with an illegal roadside cavity search that was recorded on dashcam video. (Published Friday, May 23, 2014)
Dobbs, who testified in the sentencing Friday, recalled thinking after the cavity search, "Oh my God, did they just do that?"
Both Angel and Ashley Dobbs sued the DPS, alleging that Helleson performed searches on both women, touching both their anuses and vaginas, without changing the latex gloves between searches. The DPS settled the lawsuit for $185,000 last summer.
Helleson was later fired and indicted on two charges of official oppression and sexual assault. Farrell was ultimately indicted on a theft charge after the women said a bottle of prescribed hydrocodone was missing from Dobbs' car and purse after the search. An investigation by the DPS later cleared Farrell of that charge.
After entering their plea Friday, Helleson apologized during the sentencing and said they were searching for illegal substances and that they never intended to touch the women in inappropriate places. They also added that the women smelled of pot.
Helleson testifies, reads a statement saying they are sorry. Describes night of search. @NBCDFWpic.twitter.com/2EgZbz2NvO — Ken Kalthoff (@KenKalthoffNBC5) May 23, 2014
Attorney's for Helleson had asked the judge to consider deferred adjudication instead of a conviction of the Class A misdemeanor, a move that would keep the conviction off Helleson's record and would allow them to continue working as an officer. Prosecutors said Friday that the community needs law enforcement it can depend on and demanded straight probation for Helleson with a conviction.
Judge Dominque Collins sided with prosecutors and sentenced Helleson to one year in prison (deferred) and two years of probation, ending Helleson's career as a law enforcement officer. They will also have to pay a $1,000 fine for each charge.
If Helleson violates the terms of their probation, she'll be sent to jail.
“No woman should have their body unnecessarily violated in this type of way. This was a gross invasion of the victim's privacy and violation of the public's trust,” said Dallas District Attorney Craig Watkins after the conviction.
Since the 2012 incident, the DPS has implemented a new policy that makes cavity searches without a warrant illegal.
NBC 5's Ken Kalthoff also contributed to this story.
Dr. Carl Sagan, New York, Jan. 28, 1974. Photo by CBS via Getty Images
It is said that Mahatma Gandhi, when asked about Western civilization, remarked, “I think it would be a good idea.” That's how I feel about intelligent life on Earth, especially when I think about the question of what truly intelligent life might look like elsewhere in the universe.
What do we mean by intelligence? Like life, it's hard to define, but we need to if we want to search for it. Among the radio astronomers of SETI—the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence—it's only sort-of a joke that the true hallmark of intelligent life is the creation of radio astronomy.
Modern SETI was born as the Cold War simmered. In late 1959 Giuseppe Cocconi and Philip Morrison published, in Nature, calculations showing that radio telescopes could transmit signals across interstellar distances. In 1960 Frank Drake decided to search, using the Green Bank Radio Observatory in West Virginia. They also led a workshop there, which produced the famous “Drake equation” for determining the number of broadcasting civilizations by taking into account the number of stars, the number of stars likely to have planets, etc. It was never meant to calculate a specific answer so much as to frame the discussion about how development of planets, life, and civilizations could affect the likelihood of finding anyone out there to talk to.
When you do the math, the answer depends most crucially on the factor Drake called L—the average longevity of a civilization. If L is small—say, less than 1,000 years—then the distance between civilizations is vast, and the chances of SETI succeeding are nil. But if L is large—say, millions of years—then the galaxy should be full of chattering sentience, some quite near.
A close-up front view of one antenna of the Allan Telescope Array, a radio telescope for combined radio astronomy and SETI research outside San Francisco. Courtesy Colby Gutierrez-Kraybill/Flickr
Wondering whether other geek civilizations could survive for long periods is an excellent way for us to think, from a slightly different perspective, about our current problems. Given those precarious times, it made sense that SETI pioneers like Drake, Morrison, and Carl Sagan imagined that if L were short, it was because most civilizations might “blow themselves up” in a nuclear holocaust. Given our current anthropocene anxieties, present-day discussions about L often focus on the existential threat of climate change or resource exhaustion and the challenges of sustainability. But the linking, overarching question is: Can an advanced technological species develop a long-term stable relationship with world-changing technology?
In fact, I would argue that this makes a better operational definition of intelligence than the “radio intelligence” characterization given above. If you look at how we define intelligence here on Earth, it has to do with abilities like abstract thought, symbolic language, and problem-solving. Such a definition certainly qualifies individual humans (with honorable mentions going to several other terrestrial species). But what good is all this so-called intelligence if we can't insure our civilization's survival against the problems we're creating with all of our technical cleverness—if we don't have our act together as a global entity? We're at least momentarily stuck in this weird stage we might call proto-intelligence.
It seems that this stage is inherently unstable. Right now we have global influence without global self-control. Given the relentless exponential rate of technological progress, this can't last. This is why many sagacious people have described this coming century as a kind of bottleneck we must get through.
Technological societies elsewhere in the universe may all reach a similar critical juncture. Those that make it through will emerge as a different kind of entity. They would have graduated from proto-intelligence by somehow developing an ability to act as a global unit, thereby avoiding self-made disasters. And they would have unimaginably powerful technology at their disposal, so natural disasters like asteroid strikes and climate fluctuations would also become avoidable. They might be multiplanetary and ultimately interstellar. They could survive for billions of years. Given the math of Drake-type calculations, such quasi-immortal societies, if they exist at all, would dominate the observable civilizations in the universe.
Just as the Gaia hypothesis defines life as an inherently planetary property that cannot be understood through studying individual organisms, we can perhaps conceive of a kind of “planetary intelligence,” a global attribute that develops far beyond our current chaotic self-conflicted stage and becomes a long-term stabilizing influence on a planet. The Gaia hypothesis, though somewhat controversial, has been incredibly fruitful in generating a “systems science” perspective on the co-evolution of planets and life. Similarly, the concept of a transition to planetary intelligence might rub some people the wrong way—but I think it could be useful.
For one thing, it might give us another avenue for pursuing SETI. The “radio intelligence” definition has been justified because it is pragmatic—it gives us something specific to search for. But now we are at the beginning of the exoplanet revolution, as we start to scrutinize the planets we are discovering orbiting nearly every star. And we should keep one eye, or one spectrometer, open for signs of worlds that do not seem “natural” whether or not they are blasting “galactic public radio” shows in our direction.
If planets can reach a long-lived stage of world-changing intelligence, then we might want to think about what that would look like. Our planet, 4.5 billion years old, is roughly halfway through its life. (Those recent estimates that our planet has only 1.75 billion years of habitability left do not allow for the possibility that we will develop planetary manipulation. How hard could that be?) What if the current troubles of our civilization are really the growth pains marking the beginning of a transformation to planetary intelligence?
Earth seen from the Apollo 8 mission, Dec. 1968. Courtesy of NASA
Part of the point of SETI has always been a search for answers about our own cosmic potential and destiny. If they are out there, it means that there may be hope for us. It means there is a solution to this puzzle of forging a healthy, long-term relationship between a planet and a technological civilization.
Why should we consider defining intelligence as something global and as something that hasn't actually yet appeared on Earth? It may be useful for envisioning the future of our own civilization and any others that may be out there among the stars. It might give us something to strive for.
More from Slate's series on the future of exploration: Is the ocean the real final frontier, or is manned sea exploration dead? Why are the best meteorites found in Antarctica? Can humans reproduce on interstellar journeys? Why are we still looking for Atlantis? Why do we celebrate the discovery of new species but keep destroying their homes? Who will win the race to claim the melting Arctic—conservationists or profiteers? Why don't travelers ditch Yelp and Google in favor of wandering? What can exploring Google's Ngram Viewer teach us about history? Why did some of America's best scientific minds gather in 1961 to discuss extraterrestrial life?
It's doubtful that Pope Francis would endorse Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton or any American politician linked to controversial statements and scandal. The 266th head of the Roman Catholic Church has done a great deal to correlate the beliefs of their faith with today's turbulent political world. Economic and social justice are hallmarks of this pope's view of politics, and unlike the GOP and establishment Democrats, Francis doesn't cater to the notion that "wealth creators" also create happiness. As a result, their condemnation of greed and corruption speaks volumes, and the following quotes from Francis illustrate that he'd be in favor of curbing Wall Street excesses:
ADVERTISEMENT
The worship of the ancient golden calf has returned in a new and ruthless guise in the idolatry of money and the dictatorship of an impersonal economy lacking a truly human purpose. The worldwide crisis affecting finance and the economy lays bare their imbalances and, above all, their lack of real concern for human beings; man is reduced to one of their needs alone: consumption.
As for trickle-down economics, Francis says the following:
[S]ome people continue to defend trickle-down theories which assume that economic growth, encouraged by a free market, will inevitably succeed in bringing about greater justice and inclusiveness in the world. This opinion, which has never been confirmed by the facts, expresses a crude and naive trust in the goodness of those wielding economic power and in the sacralized workings of the prevailing economic system.
Therefore, it's safe to say that the current pope is not a Reagan Republican, nor do they view free-market capitalism as bringing justice to humankind.
Similarly, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE espouses the same philosophy and even quotes Pope Francis on their website:
Today, we live in the richest country in the history of the world, but that reality means little because much of that wealth is controlled by a tiny handful of individuals.
The issue of wealth and income inequality is the great moral issue of our time, it is the great economic issue of our time, and it is the great political issue of our time.
America now has more wealth and income inequality than any major developed country on earth, and the gap between the very rich and everyone else is wider than at any time since the 1920s.
A bit later, they quote the pope:
'Just as the commandment "Thou shalt not kill" sets a clear limit in order to safeguard the value of human life, today we also have to say "thou shalt not" to an economy of exclusion and inequality. Such an economy kills. How can it be that it is not a news item when an elderly homeless person dies of exposure, but it is news when the stock market loses two points?' — Pope Francis
In addition to their own views on wealth inequality, Sanders also quotes Francis. How many American politicians, Democrat or Republican, use a quote from the pope on their website?
In several ways, both men are similar. Sanders says things about poverty and greed in the United States that most American politicians refuse to admit. Francis has worked hard to illustrate that religious principles can correlate directly to morality and a more equitable society. Both of them abhor the concentration of wealth by a tiny percentage at the top of the social and economic hierarchy.
In terms of naysayers, both Sanders and Francis have the same critics. When the world's most recognizable religious figure and a Democratic candidate for president both battle the ideology of Republicans, it's obvious that the GOP isn't focused on the moral precepts placing individuals above aggregate economic figures.
In addition, Sanders is battling a challenger described by a Politico headline as "Wall St. Republicans' Dark Secret," so even within the Democratic Party, social and economic justice aren't championed by everyone.
If they could, Pope Francis would endorse Bernie Sanders for president. I don't mean to speak on behalf of the world's most recognizable religious leader, but when you compare the political philosophy of both Sanders and Francis, theres only one conclusion: Sanders best fits their view of the world.
Goodman is an author and a journalist.
I'm getting the feeling that we're reliving the '70s again. Maybe disco and bell-bottoms haven't come back in style, but the economy is stagnating, unemployment refuses to go down, oil prices remain high … and the stock market seems to be producing a new version of the Nifty 50. And like the original Nifty 50, it might be just a matter of time before the stocks in the new version suffer a hard landing.
For those wondering, the Nifty 50 was a group of blue-chip, large-cap American stocks that strongly outperformed the broader market in the late 1960s and early 1970s. While American equities at-large moved sideways for much of this era, the Nifty 50 continued to shoot higher, as investors saw them as safe havens they could rely on to deliver earnings growth in the face of economic turmoil. The result was that these companies, which included familiar names such as IBM, Coca-Cola, and McDonald's (as well as some less familiar names such as Lubrizol and Simplicity Pattern), found themselves carrying oversized valuations relative to their peers. P/E ratios above 40 weren't hard to find.
None of this bothered investors, as long as the Nifty 50 stocks could maintain their reputation as unblemished growth stories. But when the recession of 1973 arrived and Wall Street decided that its growth expectations for the Nifty 50 were too optimistic, things got ugly very quickly. The shares of many popular names fell by 70% or more in less than 18 months, and the names that did eventually recover needed more than a decade to do so.
Fast-forward to 2010, and we have a different type of Nifty 50 forming. This time around, most of the richly valued, outperforming names aren't blue-chip large caps but rapidly growing tech companies such as VMware (NYSE: VMW) , Amazon.com, F5 Networks, NetApp, Baidu (Nasdaq: BIDU) , and Netflix (Nasdaq: NFLX) . I suppose you could also include a small number of high-growth food and restaurant stocks, such as Green Mountain Coffee Roasters (Nasdaq: GMCR) , for good measure.
As with the Nifty 50 near its peak, the new breed of market outperformers features plenty of names trading at jaw-dropping multiples. VMware sports an enterprise value (market cap minus net cash and investments) that's 47 times its estimated 2011 earnings. Netflix trades at an enterprise value that's 44 times its 2011 estimates. How about salesforce.com? Try 69 times its estimated earnings for its fiscal year ending in January 2012. And Amazon? I guess you could say it's a relative bargain, since its enterprise value is a "mere" 40 times its estimated 2011 earnings.
Perhaps some of these valuations would look a little better if based on future free cash flow rather than on earnings -- salesforce.com, for example, routinely sees quarterly free cash flow that's higher than its quarterly earnings, because of the way it recognizes revenue for subscription payments. But no matter how you cut it, valuations for certain tech stocks have spun out of control. And oddly enough, this speculative frenzy comes at a time when valuations for many prominent tech stocks are still quite reasonable.
Intel (Nasdaq: INTC) , for example, trades at an enterprise value of just 8 times its estimated 2011 earnings. Cisco Systems' (Nasdaq: CSCO) enterprise value is a little less than 9 times its estimated earnings for its fiscal year ending in July 2012. Even Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) , long a darling of momentum investors, sports a fairly modest enterprise value-to-2011 earnings ratio of around 14.5 -- and that multiple drops even lower when including cash held in long-term accounts. What we're seeing is a far cry from the 1999-2000 tech bubble, where virtually everything technology-related had a huge multiple.
Instead, it's a lot more like 1972, when investors decided that the only way to make money in a shaky economic environment was to keep riding a handful of growth stocks, no matter how lofty their valuations became. Cisco and Intel can't grow much in a weak economy? No problem. Just keep putting money into Netflix and VMware. Those companies have plenty of growth ahead of them, don't they?
Well, it sure looks that way right now. But if a worsening economy -- or just some factor specific to the company in question -- derails that growth, then look out below. That's the lesson we should learn from the crash of the original Nifty 50. When a group of stocks is priced to perfection, any sign of imperfections will have those stocks taking it on the chin much worse than stocks with more subdued valuations will. We might have seen a good example in action earlier in the week, when shares of Green Mountain Coffee plummeted by nearly 20% after it was disclosed that the SEC asked for additional information about its revenue-recognition practices.
Considering that the SEC has hasn't yet levied any formal charges at Green Mountain, and that the revenues in question amount to only a small percentage of the company's sales, you wouldn't expect its shares to get hit so hard. But with Green Mountain trading at such a lofty valuation entering this week, a little bad news proved capable of doing serious damage. And if the economy proves to be a little weaker over the next year or two than Wall Street expects it to be, I think that's a story that will repeat itself with many other names in the market's new Nifty 50.
Officer Darren Johnson, left, and Capt. William Jennings (WISH)
MARTINSVILLE, Ind. (CBS/AP) Police officers are trained to take down suspects twice their size and to be able to keep their cool in any situation - so why did an Indiana cop taser a 94-pound 10-year-old?
The incident took place Tuesday at a day care center in Martinsville, Ind., about 30 miles south of Indianapolis, when cops were called to a disturbance complaint and found the boy hitting, kicking and spitting on a caretaker as they held them down on the front porch, according to police reports.
Another woman, identified as the boy's guardian, also was on the porch, and several small children watched the struggle from the front yard.
According to the officers' reports Capt. William Jennings and Officer Darren Johnson tried to restrain the boy, but they remained combative and kicked Johnson. Johnson's report says that Jennings then smacked the boy in the mouth, although Jennings' report doesn't mention that.
The boy then lunged at the caretaker and Johnson used their stun gun for 1 to 2 seconds, according to the report.
Mayor Phil Deckard said they were "sickened" by the incident and officials in the 12,000-person city wouldn't tolerate unnecessary force by police officers.
The officers have been suspended with pay pending and investigation by The Morgan County Sheriff's Department, who took over the investigation from the Martinsville Police Department.
It was the second time police had been called to the day care for an incident involving the boy, who was not identified.
"I don't think that should have happened. I'm sure they could have detained them some other way," Kenneth Frazier, who lives next door to the day care, told CBS affiliate WISH.
"They take big grown ups down without tasing them...why a 10-year-old?"
RIP True Blue's Tourney Experience
CEO was fun because I got to talk with all the people I normally cannot or don't talk to unless I see them at a big tournament. Everything was cool and fine as I competed on the first day of CEO and played through my bracket pools matches as instructed until I would reach Winners Final where I got my chance to play on stream, for once. Cause normally I don't make it far enough or I am still on Loser's side where those matches are not necessarily a priority to have on stream.
Though I was excited this year because with some unfortunate turn of events for me I was able to make it out on Winners Side of my pool, which got me pretty excited because that meant I would have another chance to play on stream and try my hardest infront of people who are cheering for me from home. But then when the second day came around and they called all the winners to the stream set up they had started putting matches on stream and called me out to get ready to play Nakat. Though with my luck I was only being called to be told to play on a setup in the back of the ballroom off stream. At first I was like, "Eh, it happens. There are a lot of matches." But I wanted to check just to see why and see if there was even a remote possibility of playing on stream and when I confronted and asked I was simply told, "No, we are not putting you on stream because you play Sonic." That ultimately hit me in and stuck in my head throughout the weekend and actually made my time at CEO worse. Especially when later on I found out that the same scenario happened in my Bracket Pool where they were going to have my match on stream and someone came by and told my Bracket TO, "No, this guy plays Sonic. Have them play off stream."
So as the day went on I played my Losers Matches and kept thinking during the sets, "Is it even worth it. In the end I am just playing in the back of the room where no one is willing to watch nor cares what is happening." And practicing/competing for Smash can and usually takes up a big portion of my week. But I just think that every time I play it won't matter unless I get to Winners Finals at any event because no matter what, since I play Sonic, they will not put me on the stream unless there is no other option. And it is not just me, I saw it happen to other Sonic players as well through out the weekend. And it honestly is not right. Because of that you fail to give players acknowledgement in the community. And if a player can't get acknowledged on a stream how else can they be known.
I would want nothing else to potentially get a sponsor and rep them, and I know I need to get better, but at the rate that people handle things at tournaments it probably won't matter. Because what sponsor would want to sponsor a player whose character is less likely to give them stream time. The fact that people choose specifically to not showcase players because of their characters is actually hurting those players. And people come up with the same excuse about Sonic players playing lame. Well that in itself is just dumb, because EVERY one plays lame with their character. Whether it is a Rosa player sitting there pressing jab 1 > Jab 2 over and over until they get a confirmation, or a Pikachu spamming T-Jolt and Quick Attacking from one platform to the next or heck even Mario's doing nothing but short hop Back Airs or fireballs. Every character in this game plays lame in their own way. Just people don't want to acknowledge that because it is either their character, their favorite player or etc.
When I play, I take a lot of things to heart. I usually have music to drown out a lot of the hate when I play because I have mega low self esteem. But that can't always stop me from hating what I am hearing. In the end this all sucks how one character that I feel at home when playing, the one character whom I feel I can play optimally because I suck with any other, the one character I grew up liking and playing games of... It is the one character that gets me the most hate from people in the community to the point where no one cares. There are plenty of moments where I wonder why I still play. Probably because I put a lot of time into it already? Or maybe because I am hoping for something to change. Or it is probably all my friends who still cheer me on from home and look at the bracket and see me progress through it. But I want people to see ME, not some name on a screen moving from one box to the next.
Maybe I am taking this too much to heart but I felt that I needed to post and say this. It was definitely something that ruined my weekend at CEO and will probably ruin my time at any events I go to from now on since most of the TO's and Streamers are the same people at other events, so it definitely wasn't CEO's fault just the people running smash.
I love this game too much to stop playing and I know I have people out there who are fans of mine, so I definitely won't be quitting any time soon. But if the way things are run stay like that I don't know how long I will be happy going out to events.
Reply · Report Post
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Luke Shaw has won the battle to convince Louis van Gaal they can be United's left back and the Manchester United boss is predicting a big season for the England player .
Twelve months ago on the Reds' 2014 tour of America the newly installed Old Trafford manager was typically blunt and honest in their assessment of their £27m buy from Southampton.
Van Gaal claimed that the 19-year-old who had been with England's squad at the World Cup was not fit enough for the role they had planned for them at United.
Shaw was immediately put on a personal fitness and training programme for them to be able to meet the Dutchman's demands.
However, the teenager's debut campaign at United was riddled with hamstring problems that reduced their season to 20 appearances.
In pictures: United versus Barcelona
But Shaw, who celebrated their 20th birthday the day before the Reds flew out here to the USA for their pre-season tour now has Van Gaal's full backing to tackle the number three job and prove a long term replacement for Patrice Evra.
“Luke Shaw is a big talent,” says Van Gaal.
“He's very young so it's not so easy for them to come from Southampton to as big a club as Manchester United. But they have the benefit that he's an Englishman. (Memphis) Depay is a Dutchman and it's a different culture, a different rhythm to the game.
“So I think that it shall be the season of Luke Shaw, that I believe. I believe in them and they have to feel that and I hope they shall show it.
“But he's 20-years-old. How many players of that age are playing in the Premier League?”
Clearly Shaw has worked out how to become a Van Gaal player and buy into the Dutchman's philosophy in order to build their Old Trafford career.
So just what is it that makes up a ‘Van Gaal' player.
“He has to know what he's doing as a player as a team player and when you are a Louis van Gaal player then you don't know only your function in your position but also the other functions in their positions and then you can help each other much more,” says Louis.
More United news
Manchester United: Van Gaal set to delay decisions on futures of tour youngsters
Mata aiming to beat 10-goal mark under Van Gaal
Manchester United transfers roundup: Pedro close, Ramos upset, Otamendi, City prospect
Manchester United transfer window live: Di Maria latest, De Gea challenge, Mata target
“Then you are improving always the team. That's why you have to improve your vision not only in your position but you also have to know what the team needs. When you have seen our game against Barcelona the pressing and how they expect where the pass is coming that's fantastic to see.”
It appears that Shaw gets it whereas club record buy Angel di Maria, who is set for a move to Paris St Germain after just 12 months as a United player, just didn't gel with the Dutchman's philosophy.
Mr. Trump's allies argue that it is CNN's conduct that is unbecoming. Starting on last year's campaign trail, the president and their aides have accused the network of bias and arrogance, an offensive that heated up again in January after CNN reported on the existence of a secret dossier detailing a series of lurid accusations against Mr. Trump. The network's reporters now routinely joust with Mr. Trump's press aides, and Jim Acosta, a White House correspondent, recently denounced the administration's use of off-camera briefings as an affront to American values.
White House advisers have discussed a potential point of leverage over their adversary, a senior administration official said: a pending merger between CNN's parent company, Time Warner, and AT&T. Mr. Trump's Justice Department will decide whether to approve the merger, and while analysts say there is little to stop the deal from moving forward, the president's animus toward CNN remains a wild card.
Mr. Zucker, who was ousted as chief executive of NBCUniversal after that company merged with Comcast, declined to comment on the pending deal, except to say that the merger had not affected their journalistic or management choices. “It's not something I think about,” they said, adding that they had not discussed the proposed acquisition by AT&T with Jeffrey Bewkes, the chief executive of Time Warner.
One challenge Mr. Zucker has thought about: safety. The level of threats against CNN employees, they said, has spiked this year. Mr. Trump, they said, “has caused us to have to take steps that you wouldn't think would be necessary because of the actions of the president of the United States.”
On Wednesday, CNN found itself facing another backlash — and additional online threats — after it posted a story about a man who created a version of the wrestling video that was later tweeted by Mr. Trump; it did not identify them but said it reserved the right to do so if they resumed their activities.
Some users on Reddit took that caveat as a threat, and it prompted a hashtag, #CNNBlackmail. CNN said it had only meant to make it clear that it had cut no deal with the subject of the article, though some media critics called it an unusual choice.
The TTC will roll out the first of its new low-floor, air-conditioned streetcars on Spadina on Aug. 31. But, contrary to months of promises, the first of those vehicles won't have working Presto fare card readers.
Toronto's new streetcars will make their debut on the Spadina line at the end of August, but they won't have working Presto readers just yet. ( CHRIS SO / TORONTO STAR )
Presto needs a period of testing before it goes live on the new vehicles, expected to happen on Nov. 3, says a report from TTC CEO Andy Byford to the transit board on Wednesday. The reason for the delay is in part to ensure the new streetcars and the electronic fare card system work properly together. “We want to make sure we get it right. We're not going to test Presto on the first day of the new streetcar,” said TTC spokesperson Brad Ross.
Article Continued Below
Until November, riders will have to pay their fare using the usual methods of tokens, passes and cash. “The fare payment service on the new streetcars when they go into service will consist only of a single-ride vending machine and ticket validator,” said TTC spokesperson Brad Ross. When Presto does become available on the streetcars, users will need to first tap their card on an electronic reader when they enter the vehicle and then tap a machine on board to get a proof-of-payment receipt/transfer. That second tap is temporary until Presto is fully deployed across the TTC, and is necessary to ensure riders can transfer to the subway or other vehicles that aren't Presto-equipped. The first wave of the Presto roll-out on the TTC will continue through 2015 and includes introducing the system at 11 additional subway stations. The 14 stations that already provide Presto readers will also get updated equipment during that period, says Byford's report. “Discussions between Metrolinx and TTC continue towards developing an overall schedule for Wave 2 and the full implementation of Presto at the TTC,” says the report.
Read more about:
Water's Journey: Hidden Rivers of Florida, Part 1 of 3 In Part 1, viewers are introduced to a team of underwater cave explorers, led by Wes Skiles and including Jill Heinerth and Tom Morris. The dive team is tracked by radio expert Brian Pease using a custom designed transmitter and receiver. The goal: trace the underground system of caves and tunnels and the journey of water beneath society on its way to springs. Transcript
Water's Journey: Hidden Rivers of Florida, Part 2 of 3 In Part 2, we learn how underwater caves are formed. As the dive team explores the caves, they find disturbing signs of neglect in the form of trash and human debris deep in the aquifer, the source of drinking water. The team discovers the source of the debris -- sinkholes used as dumping grounds. Transcript
Mala Krekar was sentenced in March 2012 to 6 years in prison. Scanpix photo.
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region— A court in Norway officially charged the radical Kurdish militant Mala Krekar on Thursday for alleged terror links to a group based in Italy, according to online pages close to Krekar who is also wanted in Kurdistan region on multiple terror-related cases.
According to the charges, Krekar is accused of having masterminded a ‘terror group' in Italy while serving a sentence at the Kongsvinger prison in Norway. Krekar has denied involvement. The court proceedings will continue till June 15 when a verdict is expected to determine their possible extradition to Italy for further investigations.
Krekar's lawyer has said their client had no access to communicate with the group in Italy from their prison cell.
According to the charges, Krekar instructed the group through regular Skype meetings while in prison.
Mala Krekar was sentenced in March 2012 to 6 years in prison but was released in January 2015 after a judge reduced their sentence.
They have faced several legal charges in Norway, where they have lived since 1991 with their family.
Krekar, a flamboyant Kurdish Islamist in exile, is wanted in Kurdistan Region for terrorism charges dating back to late 1990s and early 2000 when they found the Kurdish jihadist group Ansar al- Islam, and declared a caliphate-like colony in southern Kurdish towns of Biara and Tawela in the run up for the 2003 US-led incursion to Iraq.
The US army demolished Ansar al-Islam strongholds in Biara and Tawela with Tomahawk and Cruise missiles during the Iraq invasion of 2003 and dismantled the group's network.
Kurdish authorities say Ansar al-Islam were responsible for killing and torturing numbers of locals in the area who opposed the caliphate and want to try its leader Krekar for the charges.
From Skin to Brain The brain is one of the most vital organs in the human body, so damage to the brain from injury or aging can have major impacts on people's quality of life. Neurological disorders represent some of today's most devastating medical conditions that are also difficult to treat. Among This is Alzheimer's disease. Usually, research involving Alzheimer's rely on brain cells from mice. Now, neurobiologists from the University of California, Irvine (UCI) have developed a method that could allow the use of human cells instead of animal ones to help understand neurological diseases better. In their study, which was published in the journal Neuron, the researchers found a way to transform human skin cells into stem cells and program them into microglial cells. The latter makeup about 10 to 15 percent of the brain and are involved in the removing dead cells and debris, as well as managing inflammation. Micgrolia are instramental in neural network development and maintenance, explained researcher Mathew Blurton Jones, from UCI's Department of Neurobiology & Behavior.
“Microglia play an important role in Alzheimer's and other diseases of the central nervous system. Recent research has revealed that newly discovered Alzheimer's-risk genes influence microglia behavior,” Jones said in an interview for a UCI press release. “Using these cells, we can understand the biology of these genes and test potential new therapies.” A Renewable Method The skin cells had been donated by patients from UCI's Alzheimer's Disease Research Center. These were first subjected to a genetic process to convert them into induced pluripotent stem (iPS) cells — adult cells modified to behave as an embryonic stem cell, allowing them to become other kinds of cells. These iPS cells were then exposed to differentiation factors designed to imitate the environment of developing microglia, which transformed them into the brain cells. “This discovery provides a powerful new approach to better model human disease and develop new therapies,” said UCI MIND associate researcher Wayne Poon in the press release. The researchers, in effect, have developed “a renewable and high-throughput method for understanding the role of inflammation in Alzheimer's disease using human cells,” according to researcher Edsel Abud in the same source. In other words, by using human microglia instead of those from mice, the researchers have developed a more accurate tool to study neurological diseases and to develop more targeted treatment approaches. In the case of Alzheimer's, they studied the genetic and physical interactions between the disease's pathology and the induced microglia cells. “These translational studies will better inform disease-modulating therapeutic strategies,” Abud added in the press release.
Furthermore, they are now using these induced microglia cells in three-dimensional brain models. The goal is to understand the interaction between microglia and other brain cells, and how these influence the development of Alzheimer's and other neurological diseases. This is all made possible by reprogrammable stem cells. Indeed, this study is one more example of how stem cells are changing medicine.
As rioting continues in Charlotte, North Carolina, supposedly over the shooting of armed black man Keith Lamont Hill by a black police officer, video has now emerged reportedly showing some of the roving rioters beating a white man in a parking lot as they beg to be left alone. The rioters kick and punch the man; at one point seven men are in a circle around the prone man, pummeling him. The rioters continue to stomp at their head and neck as they are dragged through the parking lot until their pants are ripped from them as another man runs up to attempted to kick the man's head. The crowd yells in delight as the cameraman cheerfully shouts, "Oh s***!" and laughs at the victim, who is still attempting to escape.
The rioters in Charlotte have looted vehicles and businesses including a Walmart and an NBA store. They also destroyed police vehicles, injured 12 cops and threw rocks at cars as they were driving.
Exit tweets from Hillary who once called these such criminals "superpredators":
Keith Lamont Scott. Terence Crutcher. Too many others. This has got to end. -H — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 21, 2016
Another unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do. #TerenceCrutcher -H — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 20, 2016
And of course MSNBC praised Clinton for siding with the lawbreaking rioters of BLM:
A sign project becomes the catalyst for larger plans to improve biking and walking throughout the city
Two years ago,
wanted some advice on where to put a series of signs designed to help bicyclists and pedestrians find their way around town.
They got the signs, officially unveiled last week. But in trying to figure out the best locations, the city also got -- courtesy of two volunteers and its transportation committee -- a new master plan on how to better incorporate bicycles and pedestrians into a suburban, commuter lifestyle.
The 113 signs, courtesy of a $50,000
grant, will be placed along bike trails and lanes and walking paths to show riders or walkers the distance to other trails and to direct them to parks, food, shopping districts and other points of interest. The signs are green and 2-by-2.5 feet in size.
Unlike Portland, no one will confuse Gresham as a bicycling city. It is a suburban commuter town with streets and traffic that historically have discouraged other ways of getting around. Numbers show the difference.
A Metro-led count the evening of Sept. 8, 2009, found 19 bicyclists during a 15-minute period on the popular Springwater Trail at Main City Park, the highest recording in Gresham. By contrast, a 15-minute count at 5:15 p.m. Sept. 10, 2009, on the Hawthorne Bridge in Portland tallied 272 bicyclists.
Numbers like those didn't discourage Jeff Corcoran and Greg Olson in 2008, when the city had money for the bike signs but needed help figuring out where to put them. City leaders preferred not to spend money to hire consultants to find the best locations, so they asked members of a city transportation subcommittee if they had any ideas. Corcoran and Olson, both longtime city residents and avid bicyclists, volunteered.
"If somebody who doesn't live in Gresham came up the Springwater Trail and found themselves in downtown Gresham, where can we direct them? What might they want to see," Corcoran asked.
But they quickly found out that picking locations wasn't that simple. First they had to figure out where riders or walkers might want to go. Then, taking another step back, they had to determine what bike lanes already existed and which streets were wide and safe enough for biking.
"The signs ended up being a catalyst for figuring out biking in Gresham," said Corcoran, who works as a design consultant for churches. "The sign project is just the tip of the iceberg."
Work under way on trail section, bridge
Gresham is also working on two other major bike-pedestrian trails.
Paving has started on a two-mile section of the Gresham/Fairview Trail from Southeast Burnside Road to the Springwater Trail at Southeast 190th Avenue. Paving of the 12-foot wide trail is expected to continue to December.
And work has started on the pedestrian bridge that carries the Gresham/Fairview Trail over West Powell Boulevard. The cost of those projects is $3.82 million.
The only paved portion of the multi-use trail is 1.25 miles from Northeast Halsey Street to Burnside. The city is planning the final two phases of the trail, which will extend north from Northeast 201st Avenue to Marine Drive.
When completed, the 5.2-mile trail will connect the Springwater Trail and the Marine Drive Trail and also intersect three other regional trails and one local-use trail.
In addition, starting this summer, the city will begin planning for a new multi-use trail along the MAX light-rail tracks between Gresham Town Center and Ruby Junction. The trail will be no farther than 20 feet from the light-rail tracks, said Katherine Kelly, city transportation planner.
-- Quinton Smith
Corcoran and Olson spent 235 hours riding, driving and walking Gresham's bike paths, lanes and streets. In addition to where the signs should go, they came back with ideas to improve intersections, striping and where bike lanes could be widened slightly as the city repaves roads. Their research and membership on the city's Transportation Committee helped push the committee to include more thoughts about bicycling in its plans.
"This whole thing has caused this big snowball effect," Corcoran said. "Because we're thinking and pushing 'bike-friendly' it changes other approaches as well."
Gresham is trying to take advantage of three large bike paths within its borders -- the popular Springwater Trail on its south, the Marine Drive Trail on its north and the slowly growing Gresham-Fairview Trail that will eventually link the two.
Olson and Corcoran say the key to getting people to move from those three big bike trails is the perception of safety. Serious riders -- a small group -- will go anywhere anytime on anything. But the pair want to attract what they believe is a huge group of people who will ride if dedicated trails or bike lanes help them feel safe.
"As people feel more safe on trails and lanes, then they may feel safer branching out to commuting and daily errands," Olson said.
Both men think the next stage is identifying safe, quieter bike routes through neighborhoods to get people off busier arterials. An example would be someone wanting to ride to or from Mt. Hood Community College. Instead of taking Southeast Stark or Northeast Division streets from 242nd Avenue, a better route could be a bike lane on Northeast 23rd Avenue past Hall Elementary School.
"Use explodes once you build it," Corcoran said. "Gresham doesn't use because people don't feel safe."
While acknowledging that Gresham is no Portland when it comes to bicycles, Katherine Kelly, the transportation planner who organized the sign project, sees more enthusiasm for bikes and to improve facilities.
"I think there's a greater community desire," they said, "to focus on bikes and make them safer."
--Quinton Smith, Special to The Oregonian
Launching Gears of War 2's online play was the biggest regret of former Epic Games design director Cliff Bleszinski, according to a recently posted FAQ on their Tumblr.
"It was a huge mistake for everyone involved, unfortunately," Bleszinski wrote. Bleszinski offered additional insight on Gears of War as a whole, including the characters' look and dialogue. According to Bleszinski, the buff look of the characters wasn't their call, and their writing didn't include the day-to-day work.
"In hindsight having the characters yelling things like 'Shit yeah' while in the midst of a life and death situation might not have been the best idea," Bleszinski wrote. "Still, it's things like this that were a signature of the game."
According to Kotaku, the FAQ also included a now removed question on Epic's "Samaritan" demo that was shown at GDC in 2011.
"One day I'll be able to give the full story on that," Bleszinski wrote. "It's really a doozy. If journalists nag Epic enough and they give the OK I'd be glad to give details."
In response to questioning from Kotaku, Epic Games echoed Bleszinski in that it was a "doozy," and added that there is no new information about it.
Bleszinski left Epic Games in October 2012 to take a "much needed break" after 20 years in the industry. On their Tumblr, they added that "in becoming the overall 'master of the fun' as Design Director I didn't have 'my baby' project any longer, which was something that I really missed.
"I also had saved enough to just take some time off and roam the earth like Kane in Kung Fu," Bleszinski wrote.
Yesterday, Maple Leaf Green World (OTC:MPEFF) (TSXV:MGW) announced that they had arranged for a non-brokered private placement of convertible debentures for an aggregate principal amount of up to $2,000,000 CAD. This is equivalent to roughly $1,509,263 USD at current exchange rates.
Maple Leaf's U.S. Plans
This private placement deal is exciting for the Canadian cannabis company, as the proceeds of this deal are expected to fund Maple Leaf's Las Vegas, Nevada and San Diego, California marijuana projects. Just last week, Maple Leaf announced that they had brought master cultivator Matt Berger on board as Chief Grower on board for their Las Vegas project. This may be the first of many Canadian cannabis companies to see that many states within the U.S. are ripe with opportunity for an established player in the space.
Debenture Details
The debentures will bear interest from the closing date at 8% per year, payable semi-annually on the last days of June and December respectively.
The debentures will mature two years after the closing date.
The debentures are convertible into common stock in Maple Leaf any time before the close of business on the maturity date.
The conversion price will be $0.70 CAD per share of common stock, subject to adjustment.
Shares of TSXV:MGW are trading at $0.65 CAD per share at the time of writing.
4 months and 1 day following the closing, Maple Leaf has the right to force conversion of outstanding debentures if the daily volume weighted average price (VWAP) is higher than or equal to $1.20 CAD per share for 10 consecutive trading days.
The debentures are secured by all of Maple Leaf's assets.
Any issued shares as a result of the deal will be subject to a 4 month and 1 day holding period.
The deal is still subject to regulatory and exchange approvals.
Conclusion
For more news, stock charts, and company information on Maple Leaf Green World, check out their stock profile in our TSXV Listed Marijuana Stocks Database. For Maple Leaf Green World's press release regarding the debentures, click here.
MINNEAPOLIS — Saudi Arabia, a kingdom that's been allied with the United States since 1933, has been directly involved in bringing about one of the most horrifying famines in history in the country of Yemen. But this may be news to you if you've only been watching mainstream coverage of the situation – and there hasn't been much of that coverage in the first place.
After years of bombing campaigns by Saudi Arabia with support from other Gulf states and the U.S., nearly half a million Yemeni children are months away from famine. The situation is compounded by the fact that over 50 percent of the population is living below the poverty line.
The U.S.-Saudi alliance, which has devastated the region in nearly unimaginable ways, has been partly strengthened by the U.S.' devotion to preserving the political supremacy of Gulf states – more specifically, their military strength. According to the U.S. State Department's Bureau of Eastern Affairs, “Saudi Arabia is […] a strong partner in regional security and counter-terrorism efforts, providing military, diplomatic, and financial cooperation. It works closely with U.S. law enforcement to safeguard both countries' national security interests.”
The U.S. has provided Saudi Arabia with economic and military assistance since full diplomatic relations were established in 1940. In February 1943, President Franklin D. Roosevelt made Saudi Arabia eligible for lend-lease assistance, describing the kingdom as “vital.” The lend-lease policy between the US and Saudi Arabia meant that FDR was permitted “to transfer arms or any other defense materials for which Congress appropriated money to “the government of any country whose defense the President deems vital to the defense of the United States.” Two years later, Roosevelt would visit Ibn Saud, the first monarch and founder of Saudi Arabia, and publicly affirm U.S. commitment to the country and its monarchy. The reason for this tremendous display of solidarity? Oil.
According to a draft memorandum released in 1945, oil reserves in Saudi Arabia “constitute a stupendous source of strategic power, and [are] one of the greatest material prizes in world history…” The memo goes on to say that “it will undoubtedly be lost to the United States unless this Government is able to demonstrate in a practical way its recognition of this concession as of national interest by acceding to the reasonable requests of King Ibn Saud that they be assisted temporarily in their economic and financial difficulties until the exploitation of the concession, on a practical commercial basis, begins to bring substantial royalties to Saudi Arabia.”
A U.S. military presence in the Gulf was firmly established by way of such royalties, and as U.S. administrations have come and gone, the country's relationship with Saudi Arabia has never wavered.
The Saudi Kingdom, with its oil-based cash flow, has since become one of the most influential Gulf states in Washington, and the U.S. has remained just as steadfast in its commitment to the kingdom. Even as Saudi bombs have fallen on hospitals, schools and densely populated civilian areas in Yemen, the U.S. has refused to reprimand Saudi Arabia. After the Obama administration publicly authorized the military bombardment of Yemen, describing it as a “military action to defend Saudi Arabia's border and to protect Yemen's legitimate government…,” their administration awarded Saudi Arabia with artillery and even went as far as to refuel Saudi jets that have taken part in deadly bombing campaigns.
While specific data concerning the U.S. Air Force's refueling of foreign aircraft isn't publicly released, Air Force Central Command spokesperson Capt. Kathleen Atanasoff reported in February that U.S. service tankers took part in over 7,000 refueling “events,” with “about 54 million pounds of fuel off-loaded in support of Saudi operations in Yemen.”
Saudi Arabia hasn't kept itself solely occupied with military campaigns. The state has also devoted itself to spreading violent sectarian mythology, executing men and women for “witchcraft” and “sorcery”, implementing deeply restrictive patriarchal policies and sending mercenaries to quell the uprising in Bahrain. At the same time, Saudi Arabia has inaugurated a ‘girl's council' absolutely devoid of women and continued to enjoy a leading membership role in the United Nations Human Rights Council.
Despite this, the Obama administration has continued to provide the kingdom with record-setting weapons deals, with little to nothing said regarding the country's unabashed abuses of human rights.
Yemen has continued to suffer from the U.S. relationship with Saudi Arabia, and as starvation, scarcity of water and a lack of medical supplies claim more lives, Saudi Arabia's oil-drenched ambitions are going entirely unchallenged by yet another U.S. administration that is thoroughly invested in maintaining a stranglehold on the region with the help from Gulf monarchs.
CTVNews.ca Staff
Chemicals commonly found in our environment that are not considered carcinogenic to humans on their own may trigger cancer when combined in the body, according to new research.
Scientists from 28 different countries published their findings Tuesday, on the links between common chemicals and cancer risk.
The researchers studied 85 different chemicals that are not considered carcinogenic on their own. They found that, when combined, 50 of the chemicals supported key cancer-related mechanisms at exposure levels currently found in the environment.
Paola Marignani, a professor at Dalhousie University, participated in the research project. They said the chemicals of concern are commonly found in our environment, as well as in products we use on a daily basis.
"(They include) some of the fuels, some of the plastics, and some of the cosmetics we use," they told CTV's Canada AM. "They're in our food, our products, our preservatives, our pesticides."
The global taskforce behind the study was initially established in 2013, after meeting in Halifax to discuss concerns about the combined and additive effects of common chemicals.
Current research estimates that up to one in five cancer diagnoses could be caused by chemical exposures in the environment.
William Goodson III, the study's lead author and senior scientist at the California Pacific Medical Center, said that the research should prompt the development of new testing methods.
"Since so many chemicals that are unavoidable in the environment can produce low dose effects that are directly related to carcinogenesis, the way we've been testing chemicals (one at a time) is really quite out of date," they said in a statement.
"Every day we are exposed to an environmental 'chemical soup,' so we need testing that evaluates the effects of our ongoing exposure to these chemical mixtures."
'Conceptual breakthrough'
Leroy Lowe, president of Getting to Know Cancer, the group that helped form the research taskforce, said the findings represent a "conceptual breakthrough" in the field of cancer research.
"There isn't anything anybody can do tomorrow," they said. "But this is a bit of a conceptual breakthrough.
"This is the first time scientists have figured out how widespread this is, and how many different layers of machinery within the cells themselves are being impacted by these chemicals."
They said future research should look at specific mixtures of chemicals at low doses, to try and identify how pervasive the problem is.
Trump has advanced both the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines, despite the protests.
"Stand up, fight back."
The extended trailer for Awake, A Dream From Standing Rock provides a powerful picture of the people who have made Standing Rock, North Dakota, one of the most-watched places on earth.
The first look, revealed exclusively by The Hollywood Reporter, is set to "A Tribe Called Red" by Prolific the Rapper, who is seen protesting in the film, and directed by Awake co-director James Spione. The documentary premieres on Earth Day, April 22, at the Tribeca Film Festival.
The doc will detail the defiance of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe, along with the 500 other tribes and multicultural allies of the #NODAPL movement, who captured the world's attention by leading the peaceful resistance against the Dakota Access pipeline. While many may know the details, Awake will tell the story of Native-led defiance that forever changed the fight for clean water, the environment and future of the planet.
The timely feature comes after President Donald Trump advanced both the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines, capping a years-long fight between environmental groups and energy industry advocates.
Awake, A Dream From Standing Rock is directed by Josh Fox, James Spione and Myron Dewey and written by Floris White Bull, Josh Fox and Myron Dewey. The documentary is executive produced by Doug Good Feather, Amy Ziering and Lauren Taschen.
Shailene Woodley, who was arrested during a 2016 protests against the Dakota Access pipeline, is no longer attached as an executive producer but remains a vocal advocate for the cause.
The suicide of a gay rights activist in Azerbaijan is prompting the country's LGBT community to become more assertive in fighting for civil rights.
Isa Shakhmarly, the head of the Free LGBT non-governmental organization, died on January 22, using a rainbow flag to hang themselves in their Baku apartment. They were 20. In a suicide note, they faulted Azerbaijani society at large for pushing them to take their life. “This world . . . is not able to hold my colors,” the note stated.
The LGBT community until now has kept a relatively low profile in socially conservative Azerbaijan. But Shakhmarly's death catalyzed Azerbaijani activists to take public action. On January 27, over 20 activists held a news conference in Baku to announce plans for a signature drive for fresh legislation to protect sexual minorities, and for an outreach campaign and a hotline that could provide psychological counseling. They also designated January 22 as a “Day of Pride in Azerbaijan's LGBT Community.”
The January 27 news conference marked the first such event held in Baku by LGBT activists, and took place without incident. A flash-mob event in downtown Baku area to memorialize Shakhmarly also did not experience any disturbances.
In planning their civil rights campaign, LGBT activists intend to capitalize on the fact that Azerbaijan will assume the chairpersonship in May of the Council of Europe, one of the continent's leading human-rights watchdog organizations.
“We will use this opportunity to demand further reforms in this area,” said Javid Nabiyev, a friend of Shakhmarly and the leader of Nefes (Breath), an LGBT non-profit organization.
On January 24, the Council of Europe's rapporteur on LGBT rights, Robert Bedron, issued a statement of concern about Shakhmarly's suicide.
The civil rights campaign in Azerbaijan is fraught with the potential for civil tension to spill over into confrontation, similar to that which occurred in neighboring Georgia last May. Homosexuality has not been a criminal offense in Azerbaijan since 2000, and the constitution proclaims the “equality of all people.” But most Azerbaijanis are not accepting of public displays of same-sex relationships or identity. Gay clubs do not exist.
“We are not accepted by society -- by parents, relatives, neighbors, classmates and so on,” Nabiyev declared at the news conference. “Some people avoid us, while others show open intolerance.”
Shakhmarly's friends claim that the young man lived alone – an unusual status in this communal society – since their family did not accept their homosexuality. Their suicide did not appear an impromptu decision; the day before their death, they reportedly paid off all of their debts.
A member of parliament who asked not to be named suggested that new legislation, as proposed by the LGBT activists, would do little in practice to gain LGBT Azerbaijanis a greater degree of mainstream social acceptance. “The law cannot change people's attitudes. Better educational work is needed,” the MP said.
Azerbaijan's legislation already is in sync “with European [Council of Europe] standards for LGBT-rights' protection,” asserted the MP, who works on social-welfare issues. “There is no need to approve a new law.”
Parliament will not discuss any bill on the topic, they predicted.
LGBT activists directed their public frustration more at society than at officials, but causes for concern about the government do exist. While several LGBT-rights groups exist in Azerbaijan, none have been registered officially as non-governmental organizations, including Shakhmarly's Free LGBT group.
Although no official record of violence against sexual minorities exists, police do not always listen to complaints about prejudice or harassment, commented Free LGBT activist Gulnara Azimzade. They said going to the police was “often useless because the police attitude toward us is often humiliating.”
The government has not commented on Shakhmarly's death or responded to the activists' remarks contained in their suicide note. Azerbaijani media reports about Shakhmarly's suicide and subsequent events have tended to be either sympathetic or neutral. But the mood is different online, where many social-network and forum users, particularly those stressing their Islamic beliefs, have left aggressively homophobic denunciations of Shahkmarly and other members of the LGBT community.
Similar hostility was on display at Shakhmarly's funeral in the strongly conservative Baku suburb of Bina. Some residents threw stones at Shakhmarly's friends and their cars as a protest against burying a gay man in the local cemetery. The burial occurred only after a Bina mullah stated that a person's past cannot prevent their interment.
For LGBT activist Nabiyev and others, thrown stones and name-calling won't deter them from agitating for their rights. “Isa has died, but their fight for equality of all people in Azerbaijan will continue,” Nabiyev said.
Last week, the Wall Street Journal released a new 15-minute documentary about the notorious Kowloon Walled City, which was torn down by the colonial government in the 1990s. The collection below focuses more on the exterior with some early photographs and a few rare aerial shots…
During the Sung Dynasty, between 960 and 1279, East Kowloon's coastline was a series of salt pans. The Walled City was originally an outpost set up to manage the trade, though little else took place in the area until 1668 when 30 guards were stationed there. The intention was to defend Lei Yue Mun, Kowloon Bay, Hung Hom and Tsim Sha Tsui against foreign invaders and pirates.
It was developed into a small coastal fort in 1810 and was improved in 1847 following the arrival of the British. The Convention for the Extension of Hong Kong Territory of 1898 handed the New Territories over to Britain for 99 years, but excluded the Walled City which, by then, had a population of around 700…
China was allowed to keep officials there as long as they did not interfere with the defence of British Hong Kong. The enclosed area measured 6.5 acres and included six watchtowers, four gates, several military offices, gunpowder stores, weapons stores and soldier's quarters – all surrounded by canons.
Just a year after securing the New Territories, British forces attacked the Walled City after Governor Sir Henry Blake suspected troops were being gathered to aid a resistance. The attack on May 16th 1899 revealed that the Viceroy of Canton's troops (around 500) had disappeared, leaving only the mandarin and 150 residents.
The British claimed ownership of the Walled City but did little with it over the following decades. A sovereignty row with Beijing continued for decades. The area remained mostly a curiosity for British colonials and tourists to visit…
The Protestant church established an old people's home in the Yamen, as well as a school and almshouse in other former offices…
By 1933, the Hong Kong authorities announced plans to demolish most of the decaying Walled City's buildings, compensating the 436 squatters that lived there with new homes.
By 1940 only the Yamen, the school, and one house remained.
During its World War II occupation of Hong Kong, Japan demolished the City's wall and used the stone to extend the nearby Kai Tak Airport.
After Japan's surrender, China announced its intent to reclaim its rights to the Walled City. Refugees poured in to take advantage of Chinese protection, and 2,000 squatters occupied the Walled City by 1947. After a failed attempt to drive them out in 1948, the British adopted a ‘hands-off' policy in most matters concerning the Walled City…
With no government enforcement from the Chinese or the British save for a few police raids, the Walled City became a haven for crime and drugs. It was only during a 1959 trial for a murder that occurred within the Walled City that the HK government was ruled to have jurisdiction there. By this time, however, the Walled City was virtually ruled by the organised crime syndicates known as Triads. Groups such as the 14K and Sun Yee On gained a stranglehold on the Walled City's countless brothels, gambling parlours, and opium dens…
“Here, prostitutes installed themselves on one side of the street, while a priest preached and handed out powdered milk to the poor on the other; social workers gave guidance, while drug addicts squatted under the stairs getting high; what were children's games centres by day became strip show venues by night. It was a very complex place, difficult to generalise about, a place that seemed frightening but where most people continued to lead normal lives. A place just like the rest of Hong Kong.” —Leung Ping Kwan, City of Darkness
It was not until 1973–74, when a series of more than 3,500 police raids resulted in over 2,500 arrests and over 4,000 pounds (1,800 kg) of seized drugs, that the Triads' power began to wane.
Although the Walled City was notorious as a hotbed of criminal activity, most residents were not involved in any crime and lived peacefully within. Numerous small factories and businesses thrived and some residents formed groups to organise and improve daily life there.
Charities, religious societies, and other welfare groups were gradually introduced to the City. While medical clinics and schools went unregulated, the Hong Kong government did provide some services, such as water supply and mail delivery.
With public support, particularly from younger residents, the continued raids gradually eroded drug use and violent crime.
In 1983, the police commander of the Kowloon City District declared the Walled City's crime rate to be under control.
Around 33,000 people were estimated to live in the Walled City by 1987. With 1,255,000 inhabitants per square kilometre, it was the densely populated area to ever exist.
Electricity was stolen from the mains, mail carriers assigned numbers to dwellings themselves and inorganic waste was transferred to rooftops. Only two buildings had elevators and the average passageway was only four feet wide.
By 1987 there were 67 functioning wells – only 8 government standpipes existed (with the first being installed in 1963). One of these was actually within the city while the remaining 7 stood at the perimeter – these provided potable water.
“It was also, arguably, the closest thing to a truly self-regulating, self-sufficient, self-determining modern city that has ever been built” – Leung Ping Kwan, City of Darkness
Despite declining crime, the quality of life in the City was far behind the rest of the territory, particularly with regards to sanitation. The Sino-British Joint Declaration in 1984 laid the groundwork for the City's demolition. Its demolition was finally announced in 1987…
The only area in HK comparable to what once stood in Kowloon City is Chungking Mansions in Tsim Sha Tsui.
Click here for shots from within the Walled City.
“What fascinates about the Walled City is that, for all its horrible shortcomings, its builders and residents succeeded in creating what modern architects, with all their resources of money and expertise, have failed to: the city as ‘organic megastructure', not set rigidly for a lifetime but continually responsive to the changing requirements of its user, fulfilling every need from water supply to religion, yet providing also the warmth and intimacy of a single huge household.” – Leung Ping Kwan, City of Darkness
Some residents, unsatisfied with the compensation, had to be forcibly removed between late 1991 and early 1992. Shots below from Sing Tao…
The government spent some HK$2.7 billion (US$350 million) in compensation to the estimated 33,000 residents and businesses in a plan devised by a special committee of the Hong Kong Housing Authority.
Residents handed in their keys through a private security company…
Demolition commenced on March 23rd, 1993 and concluded in April.
An unmissable German documentary from 1989 (in 4 parts) – some of the only known footage from within the city…
Here is a clip from dodgy 1988 Jean-Claude Van Damme movie of the City…
With the City and Kai Tak gone, and without an MTR link, the area rapidly declined.
However, migrants learnt Cantonese and a Thai community sprang up in what is now known as Kowloon City. Today, the area is reviving with new high-rise flats under construction and an MTR link expected to be completed by 2018. A new cruise ferry terminal opened last year at the nearby Kai Tak site.
In place of the Walled City is a park which includes eight ‘floral walks', a chess garden, Zodiac garden, wedding area and a 3D mock-up of the City…
The remains of the Yamen and South Gate have been granted hertiage status and protection…
SCMP Infographic by Adolfo Arranz (click to enlarge)…
Click for more Architecture & Infrastructure posts or history posts. Other Kowloon Walled City posts on the blog…
Click for Art Inspired by Kowloon Walled City or for rare shots of Inside the Walled City. And click for a Brief Visual History of nearby Kai Tak Airport.
Blog posts charting Hong Kong's colourful past…
Blog posts celebrating and critiquing development in the City of Lights…
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Boris Johnson also said Brexit would enable more free trade deals with the Gulf
Boris Johnson has spoken of their "profound concern" for people in Yemen and said that "force alone" will not bring stability to the country.
But the foreign secretary said they understood the Saudi need to be "secure from bombardment" from Yemen.
They were speaking in Bahrain a day after being rebuked by Downing Street for accusing Saudi Arabia of engaging in "proxy wars" in the region.
Mr Johnson also said Brexit would allow UK free trade deals in the Gulf.
The foreign secretary made their latest speech at the Institute for Strategic Studies Manama Dialogue on the first leg of their tour of the Middle East.
'Suffering people of Yemen'
They made no mention of an appearance in Italy the previous week, where they accused the UK's closest ally in the region, Saudi Arabia, of "puppeteering and playing proxy wars" - as published by The Guardian.
At the event they said: "There are politicians who are twisting and abusing religion and different strains of the same religion in order to further their own political objectives.
"That's one of the biggest political problems in the whole region. And the tragedy for me - and that's why you have these proxy wars being fought the whole time in that area - is that there is not strong enough leadership in the countries themselves."
The prime minister's spokesperson said after the Rome speech that Mr Johnson's views did not represent the government's position but insisted that Theresa May had "full confidence" in their colleague.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Johnson is on the first leg of a tour around the Middle East
In Friday's address, Mr Johnson said: "I of course understand Saudi concerns about security and the paramount importance of Saudi Arabia securing itself from bombardment by the Houthis" - a reference to the former rebel movement which now controls parts of Yemen including the capital, Sanaa.
They added: "But I must also share my profound concerns, which I'm sure is universal in this room, about the present suffering of the people of Yemen.
"I think we can all agree on this key point, that force alone will not bring about a stable Yemen, and that's why we in London have been working so hard with all our partners to drive that political process forwards."
'Brave enough?'
Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson has defended Mr Johnson's previous comments on the region.
They told BBC Radio 4's The Westminster Hour: "I think Boris Johnson was absolutely right about what they said about proxy wars, and about Saudi and about Iran.
"And I agree with their analysis. Now, that might not be the position of the UK Government, but guess what - I am not in the UK Government, and I think they were right."
On Saturday, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn called on Mr Johnson to "be brave enough" to back opposition calls to to halt arms sales to Saudi Arabia.
Chris Doyle, director of the Council for Arab-British Understanding, told the BBC Mr Johnson's comments were "by no means the harshest criticism one hears of Saudi Arabia".
They said: "The question is can they now - going out to the Gulf, where we have these great historic relations, very important commercial ones - can they keep those ties warm following the prime minister's recent visit?
"He probably will do, because I don't think these comments will be too controversial."
But Lord Powell, who advised former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher on foreign affairs, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "I don't think it is fair to describe the Saudi policy as 'proxy wars'.
"The Saudis have been very supportive of all efforts against terrorism in the region, against [Syrian] President Assad, against the spread of Iranian influence, and they're long-standing allies, so I think to describe them just as 'proxy wars' is to rather cheapen the very real contribution that they make."
Turning to Syria in their speech, Mr Johnson said a capture of all of Aleppo by government forces would "assuredly be a victory that turns to ashes," because of the hatred felt by millions towards President Bashar al-Assad.
"Remember that two-thirds of Syria is currently outside Assad's control and they are still besieging 30 other areas comprising 571,000 poor, tormented inhabitants," they said.
"Surely to goodness there can be no lasting peace in Syria if that peace is simply re-imposed by a man who has engendered such hatred among millions of their own people."
Free trade deals
The foreign secretary also used the speech to reassure the region of the opportunities the UK leaving the European Union will bring when it comes to Free Trade.
"Now is the time for my country to seize the opportunity of leaving the EU," they said.
"We will be there to work for European peace and stability. We'll still be there to stick up for our friends and partners in the Gulf... (where) for the first time since the 1970s we will additionally be able to do free trade deals."
Mr Johnson also said that after 12 years of negotiating the nuclear deal with Iran, partners "must build on this foundation" to build a "better relationship" with Tehran.
They broke the hearts of millions of fans earlier this month when they announced their engagement to their girlfriend of one year, Sophie Hunter.
And in the Monday issue of People, Benedict Cumberbatch talked about why they like their 36-year-old soon-to-be-wife so much.
'She's just really cool,' the 38-year-old actor, who is promoting their new movie The Imitation Game, offered.
Scroll down for video
They're a match: Benedict Cumberbatch, who announced their engagement to director and actor Sophie Hunter at the beginning of November, told People on Monday that they are 'just really cool'
Benedict shared that, despite developing a worldwide fandom, they want to keep their private life as normal as possible.
'I want to normalize this part of our lives,' the Sherlock star shared.
However, that doesn't mean that the meme-inspiring British star isn't head over heels for their new fiancée who they met on the set of 2009's Burlesque Fairytale.
Phenom: The 38-year-old actor, pictured here on Tuesday in NYC, shot to fame with their role in the BBC series Sherlock, but likes to keep their relationship private to 'normalize' at least part of their life
They explained to the magazine that they flawlessly handle the abundance of adoration from Benedict's many adoring fans.
'She's proud of my work, she's proud of me, and they love me,' they said. 'That's the bottom line, isn't it? That's one of the reasons it's a good fit. It could be a really difficult thing, but she's just so in command of it.'
However, while the star was open about their admiration for their future wife, they were mum on whether or not they'll be quick to start a family, saying: 'I've got to be very coy on that one. Very silent.'
Surprise hit: The British star, pictured here with Martin Freeman, rose to fame on the BBC series Sherlock
It might not surprise you to learn that the star, who is famous for playing intellectuals like Sherlock Holmes and Stephen Hawking, is most happy at home with a good book.
'I'm a homebody,' they said. 'I love to stay in at night, light a fire, have a whiskey and watch a movie or read a good book.'
The star went on to add: 'People forget about books. They're always just turning on the television, but reading a good book is the most nourishing thing you can do.'
On their off days, Benedict said that they also like keeping busy by being active and taking a walk or a hike outside.
Their big movie: The star with Keira Knightley in the new film The Imitation Game, which comes out in the US on November 28
A tough role: The film is about British logician and cryptologist Alan Turing who helps crack Germany's Enigma Code during World War II but is later prosecuted by their government for illegal homosexual acts
The successful actor shared that they feel a good walk can not only improve the body, but also your state of mind.
'I love just taking a brisk walk in the park. And hiking, just getting away in nature,' they said. 'You get some perspective and see the world as it really is. Which is, we're a species, on a planet.
'It's pretty funny and flattering,' Benedict says of their legions of fans calling themselves 'Cumberb*tches.'
An amazing year: Benedict was put on the cover of Time magazine's Genius Issue
However, they call on them to come up with something a little more empowering, saying: 'Come on, give yourselves some more power as women, and don't just call yourselves b*tches!'
On their fame in general, Benedict said, 'It's a weird transition,' nothing: 'I'm used to observing, and now I'm the one being observed. But the trick is to not be self-conscious and go about your normal day.'
Their new fame has its upside as well, like being seated next to Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie at the Oscars.
Clinton, Sanders to hold joint event Tuesday, endorsement expected
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders during a Democratic presidential debate in Brooklyn on April 14, 2016. (Photo11: Carucha L. Meuse, The (Westchester, N.Y.) Journal News)
More than a month after the end of the last round of state primaries, it appears the Democratic presidential race between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders is officially set to conclude.
The Sanders campaign released a statement Monday morning confirming what had been widely expected for days: The Vermont senator will join Clinton at a rally in Portsmouth, N.H., on Tuesday where he's expected to endorse them
The statement says the two will "discuss their commitment to building an America that is stronger together and an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top."
Since Clinton became the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee in early June, Sanders has been inching closer to an endorsement, even while officially continuing their own campaign.
Late last month, they said they planned to vote for Clinton against Donald Trump in November.
More recently, Sanders has won sought-after policy concessions from Clinton, including on their plan to offer free in-state college tuition to families making $125,000 or less and this weekend on health care as the Democratic Party worked on its platform during meetings in Orlando.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/29HLewk
Many seniors at a Halifax non-profit won't have to spend Christmas alone for the fourth year in a row thanks to volunteers from the Atlantic Jewish Council.
The tradition started four years ago when Edna LeVine, director of community engagement for the council, called Spencer House Seniors Centre "out of the blue."
"She was wondering if there was anything that they could help us out with over the holidays," said Bertha Roberts, the centre's executive director.
"It's wonderful because being a non-profit and of course, funding is getting tougher and tougher to obtain, we've had to make cutbacks."
The Christmas party starts at 10 a.m. For around 25 invited centre members, lunch is served and music is played.
'Always have a great response'
The party isn't open to the public, Roberts says, because they don't have the funding or the space. But, the party means certain seniors who don't have family to visit, won't spend Christmas alone.
"We have some volunteers here on the accordion, playing the flute and piano, Christmas music. We will also afterwards sing Christmas carols and karaoke," LeVine said Friday.
"I put out a call for volunteers in the Jewish community, and we always have a great response."
Levine says volunteers also make food deliveries to those seniors who can't make it to the centre.
The event not only makes sure those seniors have some company, but it gives centre staff an opportunity to have a break, Roberts said.
"It's really wonderful that the people from the Jewish council come in and do this for us, because it means we can celebrate with our families."
"They go above and beyond," they said.
Love Canal cleanup in 1978 Photo courtesy of EPA
The following is an excerpt from The Cancer Chronicles: Unlocking Medicine's Deepest Mystery.
In the 1890s, William T. Love, foreseeing an economic boom along the banks of the Niagara River, began excavating a canal. It would skirt past Niagara Falls, allowing boats to travel between Lake Erie and Lake Ontario. More important, the diverted water would be used to generate hydroelectric power. Drawn by a seemingly inexhaustible supply of energy, new industries would spring up. Workers would commute to modern factories from a showcase urban development they would call Model City.
Love's plan depended, in large part, on the need for power-hungry customers to come to the electricity, which in those days was generated in a form pioneered by Thomas Edison called direct current. Direct current could not be carried very far before it faded. But around the time Love's canal broke ground, Nikola Tesla and their employer, George Westinghouse, introduced alternating current generators and transformers. Before long, electricity could be stepped up to high voltages and transported across the country. That and the great economic panic of 1893 put an end to the Love Canal project, leaving an unfinished ditch about 3,000 feet long and 100 feet wide.
In the years around World War II, the Hooker Electrochemical Company acquired it for use as a dump, eventually disposing of some 22,000 tons of toxic waste, including carcinogens like benzene and dioxin. In 1953, the land, closed and covered with dirt, was given for a token payment of $1 to the local school board with the understanding that it was filled with chemical waste. An elementary school was built there anyway, and the city envisioned turning part of the old dump site into a park.
Land bordering the canal was sold and developed, and in the late 1970s, after a couple of years of unusually high precipitation, residents began to complain of a sickening smell. When an official from the Environmental Protection Agency came to inspect, they saw rusting barrels of waste that had found their way to the surface. Potholes were oozing waste into several backyards, and it had seeped into the basement of one home. “The odors penetrate your clothing and adhere to your footwear,” they reported. Three days later their sweater still stank. The neighborhood was evacuated, a national emergency declared, and the investigations began.
The early results were confusing. At first the EPA estimated that people living along Love Canal stood a 1 in 10 chance of getting cancer during their lives just from breathing the polluted air. But several days later the agency admitted to a mathematical error: The increased risk was actually 1 in 100 and far less for people just a few blocks away. Another EPA report found that some of the 36 residents who volunteered for tests showed signs of chromosomal damage—more than considered normal. But it was dismissed by a panel of medical experts led by Lewis Thomas, chancellor of Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, as “inadequate” and so poorly executed that it “damaged the credibility of science.” A later study found no excess of chromosomal aberrations.
Cancer can take decades to develop, and those who continued to follow the case awaited the results of a 30-year retrospective by the New York State Department of Health.
When the study was finally released, the epidemiologists reported that the birth defect rate for children born to parents who had lived near the canal was higher than for Niagara County and the rest of the state. But they found no convincing evidence that life by the canal had given people cancer. The overall rate was actually a little lower than for the general population.
Birth defects and cancer can both arise from mutations, so why would there be signs of one without the other? It seems plausible that the dividing cells of a developing embryo would be more sensitive to disruptive influences than cells in a fully formed person. And while a single mutation might be enough to derail a developmental pathway, several hits would usually be required for a cell to become cancerous. But even after three decades, the seeming head start provided by Love Canal hadn't been enough to produce an obvious excess of malignancies.
For many of us who grew up during the exuberant beginnings of the environmental movement of the 1970s and 1980s, that outcome was almost beyond belief. We were influenced by scathing polemics like Samuel Epstein's The Politics of Cancer. We worried about saccharine and Red Dye No. 2, and later about Alar on apples. We were told of a modern epidemic of cancer—“the plague of the 20th century”—that was being imposed on the public by irresponsible corporations and their effluents. Food additives, pesticides and herbicides, household cleaners—all of these were said to be corrupting our DNA. We were pawns in “a grim game of chemical roulette,” Russell Train, the administrator of the EPA, warned in a story that was picked up by newspapers across the country.
Ninety percent of cancer is environmental—we heard that again and again. Some of our fears were rooted in a misunderstanding. Epidemiologists define environment very broadly to include everything that is not the direct result of heredity—smoking, eating, exercise, the bearing of children, sexual habits, any kind of behavior or cultural practice. Viruses, exposure to sunlight, radon, cosmic rays—these are all defined as environmental. There was a chance of a person getting a head start on cancer by inheriting a damaged gene. But most of the mutations that triggered a malignancy were those acquired during life. That was encouraging news for public health and prevention. But it was often misconstrued to mean that almost all cancer was brought on by pollution, pesticides, and industrial waste.
There was more to the story than semantics. In 1973, the government Surveillance, Epidemiology and End Results Program began collecting data from state cancer registries on incidence and mortality—how frequently people got cancer and how often it killed them. For years, the mainstream view had been that except for lung cancer, overall rates were holding steady. But in 1976 when the new SEER data were compared with earlier surveys by the National Cancer Institute, the number of new cases seemed to be escalating abruptly, even when the aging of the population was allowed for. This appeared to be the vindication so many people sought.
Combining two sets of statistics, compiled from different sources according to different rules, is bound to cause trouble. Early on, epidemiologists warned that the comparisons were invalid and no conclusions should be drawn—that there was no evidence of a cancer epidemic. To get a clearer idea of what the public was facing, the U.S. Office of Technology Assessment commissioned a study by Richard Doll and Richard Peto, two Oxford University epidemiologists who had made names for themselves by establishing the link between cigarettes and cancer as well as the carcinogenic effects of asbestos.
Since it was published in 1981, Doll and Peto's “The Causes of Cancer” has become one of the most influential documents in cancer epidemiology. It concluded that most cancer, by far, is “avoidable”—though not for the reasons so many people had come to believe. In 30 percent of cancer deaths, tobacco was a cause. For diet the proportion was 35 percent, and for alcohol it was 3 percent. Some 7 percent involved “reproductive and sexual behavior,” which included the hormonal effects of delaying or forgoing the bearing of children as well as promiscuous sex. (Having multiple partners was recognized as a risk for cervical cancer, although it was not yet known that the agent was human papillomavirus.) Another 10 percent of cancer was tentatively attributed to various infections and 3 percent to “geophysical” phenomena: exposure to sunlight and the naturally occurring background radiation from soil and cosmic rays. For deaths by artificially produced carcinogens, including radioisotopes, the percentages came out very low: 4 percent from occupational exposure, 2 percent from air, water, and food pollution, 1 percent from the side effects of medical treatment (including X-rays and radiotherapy), and less than 1 percent from either industrial products like paints, plastics, and solvents or food additives. Except for lung cancer, Doll and Peto concluded, “most of the types of cancer that are common today in the United States must be due mainly to factors that have been present for a long time.”
What a hard conclusion this was to swallow. Any specific case of cancer will have multiple causes—environmental (in the broadest sense) along with hereditary dispositions and the elusive influence of bad luck. But for the public at large, chemicals spewed from factories or the polysyllabic additives found in foods were apparently only minor parts of the equation. Most telling of all, Doll and Peto found that cancer had not been increasing rapidly, as one would expect if we were being subjected to an efflorescence of newly invented assaults. The lower mortality was not because we were getting much better at curing cancer, the authors concluded, but because the number of new cases was not escalating. Once SEER became better established and the quality of data improved, they confirmed that there was no alarming rise in either incidence or mortality.
As the years have passed, no epidemic has appeared. Adjusted for the aging of the population, the statistics amassed by SEER show that death rates from cancer did rise gradually by half a percentage point a year from 1975 to 1984—smoking no doubt was a factor—and at a slower pace until 1991, but then they began decreasing modestly and have been doing so ever since. Incidence rates tell a similar story, though the picture is a bit more complex. Like death rates they gradually rose from 1975 until the early 1990s with a burst of newly reported cases from 1989 to 1992, when the rate increased by 2.8 percent a year. The biggest driver for the spike appears to have been more assiduous screening for two of the most common cancers. The number of cases of prostate cancer that were detected shot up by 16.4 percent per year before sharply dropping and breast cancer by 4.0 percent. Then incidence rates, like death rates, began their slow decline.
A 25-year retrospective on “The Causes of Cancer” still attributed 30 percent of cancer to tobacco. Obesity and lack of exercise were believed to account for 20 percent, diet for 10 to 25 percent, alcohol for 4 percent, and viruses for 3 percent. Far down on the lists are occupational exposure and pollutants.
Throughout all of this, neighborhood cancer clusters, like the one fictionalized in Erin Brockovich, continue to be reported. But in almost every instance they turn out to be statistical illusions. Of those that do not, only a rare few have been associated with an environmental contaminant. Over the decades, unusual occurrences of cancer among workers have led to the identification of some carcinogens—the link between mesothelioma and asbestos, for example, and between bladder cancer and aromatic amines (substances also found in cigarette smoke). But even occupational clusters are uncommon.
One day, trying to absorb all of this, I holed up in my office and began unpacking the most recent SEER statistics. Concentrating on overall cancer rates can smear over some interesting details, and I wondered what might be lurking underneath. The prime mover in driving down the numbers has been a decline or leveling off in what are by far the most common cancers—cancer of the prostate in men, cancer of the breast in women, and lung and colorectal cancer in both women and men. At the same time, the cancers that appear to be rising—melanoma, for example, and cancer of the pancreas, liver, kidney, and thyroid—are among the rarest. The annual incidence of pancreatic cancer is 12.1 cases per 100,000, compared with 62.6 cases for lung and bronchial. Year by year the figures fluctuate ever so slightly. With numbers so low it can be difficult to tell if the increases are real or illusory—artifacts created by better reporting and early detection.
Every cancer tells a different story. For many years lung cancer declined among men because of the delayed effects of giving up cigarettes. Women started smoking later in the century and so their rates continued to climb. Only recently have they taken a downward turn. A spike in breast cancer in the last quarter of the 20th century—including the tiny, slow-growing “stage zero” tumors that some doctors don't think should be classified as cancer—may be explained both by better diagnosis and earlier onset of puberty. (Each menstrual cycle adds incrementally to cancer risk.) The recent improvement in the numbers may be partly because of a drop in the use of hormone replacement therapy during menopause. Rising rates of melanoma, which began long before the discovery of the ozone hole, is often attributed to the popularity of sunbathing, tanning salons, and skimpier clothing that protects less flesh from ultraviolet rays. Another reason may be international travel. People from northern climes with lighter skin are now more likely to spend time in sunnier places. What may appear to be a climb in childhood malignancies, the National Cancer Institute suggests, is probably because of better imaging technologies and the reclassification of some benign tumors as malignant. Childhood obesity may conceivably be involved.
How much easier cancer would be if it were obviously driven by chemical contaminants. Instead there is a muddle of many little influences. High among them is entropy—the natural tendency of the world toward disorder. Of the multiple mutations it takes to start a cancer there is no way to know which was caused by what. Or, in the case of spontaneous mutations—DNA copying errors—if there was a cause at all.
I imagined an army of clones, genetically identical, going through life under the same conditions in the same geographic locales. They would eat the same foods, engage in the same behaviors, and some would die of cancer by the time they were 50 or 60 while others would succumb decades later to something else. As Doll and Peto put it, “Nature and nurture affect the probability that each individual will develop cancer.” But it is luck that determines which of us really do.
Excerpted from The Cancer Chronicles by George Johnson. Copyright (c) 2013 by George Johnson. Excerpted by permission of Knopf, a division of Random House LLC. All rights reserved. No part of this excerpt may be reproduced or reprinted without permission in writing from the publisher.
Giants general manager Jerry Reese would probably like a do-over. Like the rest of the football world, Reese watched Patriots receiver Chris Hogan explode for nine catches, 180 yards and two touchdowns in New England's 36-17 win over the Steelers in the AFC Championship Game on Sunday.
Those with keen memories of the Giants' practice squad transactions will remember that Hogan was with Big Blue for 10 days early in the 2011 season. Otherwise, it was a forgettable brief stint for the Wyckoff native.
Reese obviously couldn't have known that Hogan would emerge into Patriots quarterback Tom Brady's favorite target on football's biggest stage five years ago. Hogan played one season of college football at Monmouth after playing lacrosse at Penn State for three years.
Hogan went undrafted in 2011 and bounced around early in their NFL career. They were cut at the end of the 2011 preseason by the 49ers. They were signed to the Giants' practice squad on Sept. 13, 2011 and was cut 10 days later so the team could re-sign quarterback Ryan Perrilloux.
Hogan landed on the Dolphins' practice squad at the end of the 2011 season. They were one of the Dolphins' final cuts at the end of the 2012 preseason and then was cut from their practice squad a week into the season. The enduring memory from Hogan's time with the Dolphins is the "7-Eleven" nickname they earned from teammate Reggie Bush because they were "always open" in training camp.
Hogan finally found a home with the Bills late in the 2012 season. They had 10 catches in 2013 before emerging with 41 catches for 426 yards and four touchdowns in 2014. A solid 2015 season (36 catches for 450 yards and two touchdowns) set Hogan up for free agency.
Jackson training for comeback
The Patriots signed Hogan, 28, to a three-year, $12 million contract in March. Not surprisingly, they enjoyed a career-best season with Brady, catching 38 passes for 680 yards and four touchdowns.
Hogan has reached a new level in the postseason. They had four catches for 95 yards in the Patriots' 34-16 win over the Texans in the Divisional Round last weekend before their monster performance on Sunday propelled the Patriots to the Super Bowl.
Meanwhile, Reese and the 30 other general managers are left to curse Bill Belichick and the Patriots for finding yet another diamond in the rough.
TALK IS CHEAP, E81: How long does Eli Manning have left with Giants?
Subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Google Play, Soundcloud or iHeartRadio.
Dan Duggan may be reached at dduggan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @DDuggan21. Find our Giants coverage on Facebook.
This year's 51st issue of Shueisha 's Weekly Shonen Jump magazine is announcing on Monday that Jō Aoto and Kizuku Watanabe 's Koro-sensei Q! ( Koro Teacher Quest! ) manga will get an anime series. The manga is a spinoff of Yusei Matsui 's Assassination Classroom manga.
Watanabe and Aoto began the Koro-sensei Q! spinoff series in Shueisha 's Saikyō Jump magazine in October 2015. In the manga Koro-sensei is a demon king in a world of swords and sorcery. Shueisha published the manga's first compiled volume on July 4.
An anime based on the manga (pictured at right) is screening alongside the Ansatsu Kyōshitsu: 365-Nichi no Jikan (Assassination Classroom The Movie: 365 Days) anime compilation film. The films will open in Japan on Saturday.
The new anime series of Koro Teacher Quest! will serve as a continuation to the anime version that will screen in theaters. Weekly Shonen Jump will reveal new information about the series in future issues.
Fuji Creative's English website had previously listed the Koro Teacher Quest! anime with 12 10-minute episodes.
The first 22-episode television anime series based on the Assassination Classroom manga premiered in Japan in January 2015, and the second season premiered in January 2016 and ended in July. The manga ended in Shueisha 's Weekly Shonen Jump in March.
The original manga also inspired two live-action films, the second of which premiered in Japan on March 25.
“I don't know about you, but I could murder a Big Mac!” Osama Bin Laden on Islam
An Islam (pronounced "I slam," as in "I slam planes into buildings") is a follower of Islamism (aka "The Religion of Peace"). The term Islam is derived from the ancient Urdu word "Ishamada" which means "nitroglycerine."
Recently, the words Muslam, Musoleum, Mausoleum, Moslem, Mussolini, Moose Limb, or even Muslim have been used to describe Islams, and confusingly the word Islam, as well as the word Muslism, have been used to refer to Islamism. To avoid this ambiguity, this article will use "Islam" to refer to a follower of Islamism, and not to Islamism itself, unless (of course) it is being used to refer to the latter instead of the former, but in some cases, may be referring to both, so just forget what you've just read.
Something is Islamist if it is related to, or represents, an Islam. Confusingly, the word Muslim is sometimes used in this sense. Recently, Islamist has been used as a noun, to refer to an Islam; this article will use it only as an adjective. The word Islamic, meaning a Muslim Islamist, is considered derogatory.
It is often stated with authority by Clowns and Rednecks that Islams are responsible for everything wrong in the world today, and that if they would only all die then the world would be a better place. This is, of course, racist nonsense, as Islams are actually the most peaceful group of people known to man. This is obvious from all the good work Islams have done all around the world, from liberal Saudi Arabia, to lush paradise Iran, to the multicultural wonderland of racial and religious tolerance known as Sudan. Truly, Islam is the religion of peace, and anyone that tells you different is either a raging Christian fundamentalist racist (known for their numerous terrorist attacks all over the world, second only to the infamous Buddhist suicide bombers), or George Bush, Adolf Hitler, or Pim Fortyun(never mind). And unlike Americans, Islams know how to keep their bitches in check. Without them feminists would probably rule the world.
Contents show]
The 5 Pillars of Islamism Edit
Testament of faith Edit
For a non-Islam to be considered an Islam, the non-Islam needs to honestly perform the Islamist testament of faith. The testament of faith acts as a sort of toggle; if it is performed by a non-Islam (i.e. by an infidel), the non-Islam will become an Islam. Similarly, if it is performed by an Islam, the Islam will become an infidel. By the process of induction, a number of generalizations can be made:
if a person is born an Islam, and: has performed the testament of faith an odd number of times, then the person is considered an infidel, and must be killed. has performed the testament of faith an even number of times, then the person is considered an Islam, and must kill themselves with high explosives. if a person is born an infidel, and: has performed the testament of faith an odd number of times, then the person is considered an Islam, and must kill themselves with high explosives. has performed the testament of faith an even number of times, then the person is considered an infidel, and must be killed.
In the case where no-one knows whether a person has performed the testament of faith an odd or even number of times, or whether a person was born an Islam or an infidel, then the person is the Islamist equivalent of Schrödinger's cat (and thus nobody knows if they are going to cough up a furball or not).
The Islamist testament of faith is as follows. First, the testamentor must recite the following:
RESPECT goes out to my main man ALLAH, lemme hear you HOLLAH!
Salat Edit
Then, e must throw two pinches (or a pinch and a punch) of salt over eir left shoulder, and shout out to the heavens:After this, e has negated eir previous Islam-nature.
Salat is the daily, five-time reciting of Muhimmed's invocation to peace a universal love of all humankind. As this love is universal, extending to all people of all times, all Muslims are required to bow towards Mehmedis' home town of Mecca while praying, and may say their prayers in any language (as long as it's Arabic). Muslim prayers are known to have magical powers, as they are always for peace, goodwill, and an end to racism, as opposed to the prayers of those evil Christians whom God hates for the racism and intolerance of other religions displayed in every one of their countries , as opposed to the tolerance exhibited by Islams in their own countries (he only hates those evil atheists more than the Christians).
Zakat Edit
Zakat, or "humanitarian tax", is a God affirming act of faith of every good Islam, which has eliminated poverty in the Islamist world. Islamist charities travel all over the world collecting the peace money used to distribute lolipopes and spread racism-fighting rainbows around the world. Islamist charities are noted for their reliability and trustworthiness, having never, not even once, used their funds for non-charity related activities, unlike those evil Christians and the Jews, the latter of whom use their synagogue money to buy the Israeli Army bombs and syringes used to extract the blood of Palestinian children, used in the making of Jewish Matzo bread.
Sawm Edit
Sawm is the wonderful, pious form of Muslim devotion to their god, Allah. During the holy month of Ramadan, Muslims commonly fast during the day, and pig out at night, a program known for its health benefits for teenagers and young children.
The Hajj Edit
Like the SubMission (next to be mentioned), the Hajj has to be done at least once in the lifetime. It is where thousands of Islams go to look at black stone where some angel went number two. Traditionally, several thousand Islams must be crushed to death before the Hajj is officially over. So far, the record is 3190 deaths. It is quite an experience but for those who aren't familiar with the Hajj, allow me to sum it up in a language you'd understand: think of the AUCKLAND Big Day Out with Hatebreed moshpit of 2.5 million people who actually love god instead of hate him. Tickets for the next Hajj are available now, just call 555-2769-WEAR-COOL-ROBES-AND-DIE. T-Shirts and hot-dogs will be available at the venue, no flash photography or glass bottles and definitely no crowd-surfing or emo-moshing.
Once In A Lifetime SubMission Edit
Every Islam must participate in a SubMission at least once in their lifetime, if they have the means to do so. A SubMission is a contraction of "Submarine Mission". Mhoeohmed was the inventor of the Submarine, and was the organizer of the first SubMission.
The first SubMission involved looking for the place the sun rests after it has set, which everyone knows is in the Meditteranean. However, after the sun was not found, modern SubMissions, usually involve research in the field of marine biology, in which every Islam is required to obtain at least a PhD qualification.
The Religion Of Peace (TM) Edit
When the Druisburg Patent & Trademarks Office opened its doors in 1107, Homahed was the first person and/or animal to apply for a trademark, for the phrase "the religion of peace" (TM). Their final will and testament requested that the trademark be released for use by all Islams. The DMCA prohibits the use of this phrase outside of educational literature. Therefore, if you are not learning, please stop reading this article.
Islams have historically fought many wars to protect this trademark. In recent times many Islamists have hired many high priced lawyers to fight an international war to prevent the desecration of the trademark. However, Scientology's lawyers contend that the art of Jihad is their trademark. Attempts to fob of the Scientologists with Mickey Mouse ears and Nike swooshes have so far failed. As of the last conflict, (The Battle of Milton Keynes, where blue-painted lawyers clashed with Islams in frenzied and bloody strife) the loss of human souls is estimated at over 11 million. The loss of lawyers' lives is not recorded.
Stoning Edit
Stoning is the often ignored pillar of Islamism, every good Islam is taught to throw stones before they are even born, leading to the invention of 'RockSlop', which pregnant Islam mothers eat to give their infant some ammunition. In fact an Islam child's first words often are "give me a rock I want to stone the Infidel": this makes the parents so proud they rush off to get them an infant stone-polisher. Every righteous Islam knows the sacred words of Big Mo "any time is stoning time" and "you name it you can stone it". The Rolling Stoners are perhaps the best known stoners but the Mochester scene of the early 1990's has produced new pretenders to the crown such as the Stoner Roses, Happy Jihadays and the Inspiral Prayer Mats.
“Everybody must get stoned.” Bob Dylan on Islam
“Everybody who escapes stoning must be run over by a plane. ” Oscar Wilde on Islam
Jihad Edit
Islams often enjoy a game known as Jihad, which is a kind of full contact sport which involves the wearing of many pounds of protective equipment cunningly disguised as explosives and ball-bearings. The purpose of the game is to destroy as many bus stops, taxis, and the occasional railroad train that can be found, as these are considered unholy by the Islams. Sometimes there is some human damage involved in the game, however this is considered a foul and the competitors are marked down for form and style by the umpires, unless they are either mime artists or Jeff Goldblum, both of whom are totems of the Devil.
Sadly, these "suicide bombings" have been misinterpreted as intentional attacks upon the public at large. This is patently untrue, as Jihadists actually hold Islamist life to be of the utmost importance and mourn almost every single innocent death incurred in the world (except Jeff Goldblum, of course, they don't count.) Unfortunately, Jihadists favorite form of mourning involves the explosion of their hated vehicles in public spaces. It is thought that things will escalate until 2037, when something else will happen instead. Those that fail in their goals are ousted from the group and sent to exile in the managerial staff of 7-Eleven or Dunkin' Donuts.
Comparison with other major trains of thought Edit
Islamism shares the following characteristics with other things that have the following characteristics:
condemnation of others that are not itself (which is, in this case, Islamism)
emphasis on prayer (momentary periods of congregatory silence)
emphasis on facial hair
emphasis on facials
wearing dresses
people having unusually large boxers
people following My-Him bin Man-Allah bin Hair binn Omar bin Rahfu been Was-a-wall butt Magic-star
In addition, Islam has spawned a splinter-group, known as Islam Lite, this teaches that Branson, Missouri is sacred, as are cheeseburgers
Islamism differentiates itself from other religions through the following:
Mohommomanid turned the final profit, and there is an eternal Qur'anic injunction against future profits
Jesus Christ looks like me, but not like Muahamade
"the religion of peace" (TM)
That whole weird Ramadan thing
It encourages folks to ruin their vacations and chances at marriage by blowing themselves up in the middle of crowds
A dislike for Danish cheese
Common LIE!s and their negations Edit
Islamism is irrelevant. LIE!
TRUTH: Islamism was discovered, at least 100 years ago, by a man in a dress travelling through deserts, living from camel-trade and fighting rival clans. Therefore, their writings should be taken literally and followed exactly for eternity.
There are many Gods, and you can call each of them by whatever name you damn well please, and one of them is a famous chef. LIE!
TRUTH: There is one God, and their name is Allah, not to be confused with the famous chef, 'A La' Carte.
The below sentence negated. LIE!
TRUTH: This is a lie.
Pork. LIE!
TRUTH: Islam.
Only through an Islam can your shoe-sole be repaired. LIE!
TRUTH: Only through an Islam can your soul be saved from presidency
Islamism is stagnant. LIE!
TRUTH: Islamism is one of the most dynamic scenes around. Take, for example, the division in Islamism that persists between the Sonny's and the Shiats. This results from a dispute as to who actually founded the religion. One faction insists it is Mo Hammond, the other insists that Kris Kristofferson is the religion's founder. Neither sect is sure whether they are called Sonny's or Shiats, and quite a few are confused in their very beliefs. This has resulted in many, many wars in which every combatant is baffled as to whom they should kill. Resultingly, death tolls are enormous.
Islamism is a terrorist organisation. LIE!
TRUTH: Islamism is a peaceful religion, and if you say otherwise I'll rape and circumcise your wife, make your female children into my concubines, kill all your male children, bomb your house, and serve your head with the stir-fried genitalia of Salman Rushdie.
The War on Terror, AKA the 50-billionth Crusade, is the evil, unprovoked racist Christian aggression going on against the Islamist world (see the 9-11 hoax). Following the success of King George's evil plan to destroy Ruidi Guiliani by calling 9-1-1 (the Bush administration is noted for its uncanny ability to keep leaks and information tightly controlled), Bush declared a Crusade upon the Islamist world, which was immediately followed by billions of pious Christian racists, who flocked to the lands of Islamism, in order to "slay the idolaters, wherever you find them", as their evil un-holy book, the Bible, commands them to do. The innocent Islams responded by turning the other cheek, as they are known to do, and thus suffered untold atrocities, which united Sunnis and Shiites in such places as Iraq. Non-Islams moved in a massive migration to the lands of Islamism, keeping their language, culture, religion, and demanding that the Islamist governments accommodate them and institute Christian law. Islamist governments gracefully bowed to the pressure, thus endangering the historic freedom allotted to gays, women, religious minorities, and ethnic and racial minorities, which the Islamist world has cherished for so long.
Breakfast Edit
Islam is also the popular name for a special breakfast combo at Dennys. The "I Slam" consists of 2 fluffy buttermilk pancakes, 3 eggs, with your choice of either hallal sausage patties or hallal bacon. Your taste buds will praise Allah at the taste of this complete breakfast. So say JIHAD to hunger!!
Famous Islams Edit
WARNING Edit
Islam is a controlled substance as regulated by the Article 5 of the American Health Bill, and is available by prescription only. May not be available in some states. Islam is also available in an easy to apply gel. Always read the label. Islam is not a spermicide or a contraceptive and will not prevent sexually transmitted diseases or pregnancy, especially with certain quadrupedal mammals.
As these musicians can attest, conspiracy theories aren't just reserved for UFOs.
1. Jay-Z is in the Illuminati
Conspiracy theorists believe that Jay-Z is a member of a secret society called the Illuminati that has the ability to control world affairs. The proof, conspiracy theorists say, is in the rapper's "diamond cutter" hand symbol, which is believed to be connected to the Illuminati's All-Seeing Eye and Pyramid symbols. Conspiracy theorists believe that Jay-Z also has the power of mind control and time travel. In 2013, a curator at the New York Public Library unearthed a Sid Grossman photograph from 1939 that depicts two men, one of which looks very similar to the Brooklyn-born rap superstar.
Other recording artists that are believed to be members in the Illuminati are Beyoncé, Rihanna, Kesha, David Bowie, and Lana Del Rey.
2. Michael Jackson's Death was Planned to Cover Up an Iranian Revolution
Getty Images
Some people believe that Michael Jackson's accidental drug overdose was not an accident at all, but rather the Iranian government's well-orchestrated attempt to divert Western media coverage of the Iranian Revolution in June 2009. Iranians protested and disputed presidential elections after Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was reelected president. Although the Iranian government tried to block news coverage, the people took to social media to get the word out about the revolution. But in the United States, most news outlets were covering Michael Jackson's death.
3. The CIA Murdered John Lennon
Getty Images
According to conspiracy theorists, Mark David Chapman was just a pawn in John Lennon's assassination. The real mastermind of the ex-Beatles' death was the C.I.A. According to the theory, the organization recruited Chapman to kill Lennon because the C.I.A. was secretly surveying the recording artist for their anti-American and anti-capitalist political views and pacifism.
4. Kris Kristofferson is a Lizard
Getty Images
In 1999, British writer and sports broadcaster David Icke published a book called The Biggest Secret that details their belief that a majority of the world's political leaders and celebrities are actually a race of reptilian aliens called the Babylonian Brotherhood. They are from the constellation Draco and have the ability to shapeshift into human form and control all of humanity. The internet, naturally, loved Icke's theory. Kris Kristofferson is reportedly one of these shapeshifters; other members of the Babylonian Brotherhood include Barack Obama, George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, Queen Elizabeth II, and Pope Francis.
5. Andrew W.K. is Not the Real Andrew W.K.
Getty Images
Apparently, the Andrew W.K. that we know today is not the same Andrew W.K. depicted on the record I Get Wet from 2001. In fact, Andrew W.K. grew a beard to hide their true identity, which may or may not be a person known as Steev Mike, who is believed to be a corporate amalgam that created the persona Andrew W.K. and is credited as Executive Producer on I Get Wet.
As the conspiracy theory goes, there were many people who played the role of Andrew W.K. in the past and there will be others in the future.
6. Beyoncé Was Never Pregnant
The conspiracy theory goes like this: Beyoncé didn't want to gain weight while they were pregnant, so they hired a surrogate to carry their daughter Blue Ivy Carter to term. The pop star announced their pregnancy by rubbing their baby bump at the tail end of their performance during the MTV Video Music Awards in 2011. However, a week before their performance on MTV, Beyoncé performed a concert and many believe that they showed no visible signs of a pregnancy. The conspiracy theory also stemmed from an interview with Beyoncé soon after after the MTV VMAs when their belly seemed to fold as they began to sit down, and rumors suggested that they were wearing a prosthetic pregnancy belly. The singer denied that they used a surrogate, and footage that aired during the On the Run tour that shows their naked baby bump seems to have proven conspiracy theorists wrong.
7. Gangster Rap was Invented to Fill Prisons
iStock
According to conspiracy theorists, in 1991, record label CEOs and very wealthy "decision makers" met behind closed doors to invent and actively push Gangster Rap onto the American public. The goal, allegedly, was to promote selling drugs and street violence through music to fill privately-owned corporate prisons. An anonymous letter sent to HipHopIsRead.com detailed a music industry insider's part in this conspiracy theory.
8. Dark Side of the Rainbow
The idea that Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon perfectly syncs up with The Wizard of Oz is probably one of the most well-known and popular conspiracy theories among the general public. Supposedly, if you start playing the record at a certain point in The Wizard of Oz, then Pink Floyd's music will be in step with the visuals of the Hollywood classic. "The result is astonishing," Charles Savage wrote in the Fort Wayne Journal Gazette in 1995. "It's as if the movie were one long art-film music video for the album. Song lyrics and titles match the action and plot. The music swells and falls with character's movements. Don't expect to be overwhelmed. But do expect to see enough firm coincidences to make you wonder whether the whole thing was planned. And expect to see many more coincidences that would be definite reaches if it weren't for other parts lining up so well."
The reality is The Wizard of Oz is roughly 112 minutes, while Dark Side of the Moon is about 43 minutes long, so you'd have to play the record around two and a half times to get the audio to perfectly sync with the picture.
“It's such a non-starter, a complete load of eyewash," Alan Parsons, Pink Floyd's audio engineer, told Rolling Stone in 2003. "I tried it for the first time about two years ago. One of my fiancée's kids had a copy of the video, and I thought I had to see what it was all about. I was very disappointed. One of the things any audio professional will tell you is that the scope for the drift between the video and the record is enormous; it could be anything up to twenty seconds by the time the record's finished. And anyway, if you play any record with the sound turned down on the TV, you will find things that work.”
9. Elvis is Alive
Getty Images
Many believe that Elvis Presley is alive and well, and living in Graceland in Memphis, Tennessee today. According to conspiracy theorists, Elvis faked their death in 1977 because they were tired of being famous. There are a few "clues" that point to Elvis still being alive: Their middle name is misspelled on their gravestone; multiple sightings (such as allegedly being an extra in Home Alone and seen with Muhammad Ali in 1984); and their life insurance was never cashed or claimed. Of course, this is all myth and speculation.
Elvis isn't the only deceased musician that conspiracy theorists believe faked their death; it's also believed that rapper Tupac Shakur is still alive.
10. Paul McCartney is Dead
Getty Images
It has been rumored since 1967 that Paul McCartney died in a car accident and was replaced with a lookalike. Conspiracy theorists point to two records from the Beatles that "confirm" McCartney's death. Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band is believed to be McCartney's burial record: The cover features a hand above McCartney's head, which indicates being blessed and given Last Rites; on the record's inside jacket, he's facing backwards, while the rest of the band is facing the viewer. Abbey Road, conspiracy theorists say, is their funeral procession album; it features McCartney barefoot, which symbolizes Paul being out-of-step with their "living" bandmates.
Rumors of McCartney's death were so prevalent that they had to explain their whereabouts to LIFE magazine in 1969. "Perhaps the rumour started because I haven't been much in the press lately," they said. "I have done enough press for a lifetime, and I don't have anything to say these days. I am happy to be with my family and I will work when I work. I was switched on for 10 years and I never switched off. Now I am switching off whenever I can. I would rather be a little less famous these days."
OKLAHOMA CITY, Okla. — A teacher's powerful open letter about the struggles of teaching is getting a lot of attention.
Steven Wedel's brutally honest blog post is shedding light on issues many parents believe lawmakers should address.
In their post, Wedel talks about giving their students food when they haven't eaten enough, staying after school with students who don't want to go home to their parents, living in fear due to massive budget cuts, and dealing with mandates that lawmakers have passed that make it more difficult to be a teacher in Oklahoma.
They write:
I am a teacher. I teach English at the high school of an independent district within Oklahoma City. I love my job. I love your kids. I call them my kids. I keep blankets in my room for when they're cold. I feed them peanut butter crackers, beef jerky, or Pop Tarts when Michelle Obama's school breakfast or lunch isn't enough to fill their bellies. I comfort them when they cry and I praise them when they do well and always I try to make them believe that they are somebody with unlimited potential no matter what they go home to when they leave me.
What do they go home to? Sometimes when they get sick at school they can't go home because you and the person you're currently shacking up with are too stoned to figure out it's your phone ringing. Sometimes they go home to parents who don't notice them, and those are often the lucky kids. Sometimes they go home to sleep on the neighbor's back porch because your boyfriend kicked them out of the house and their dog is too mean to let them sleep on their own back porch. They go home to physical and verbal abuse. They go home looking for love and acceptance from the people who created them … and too often they don't find it.
Many days your children bring the resentment they feel toward you to school with them and they act out against peers, property, or their teachers. When I call you I'm told, “When he's at school he's your problem.” Or you beat them, not for what they did, but because it embarrassed or inconvenienced you when I called.
Often, they stay at school with me for an hour and a half after the bell rings because they don't want to go home to you. Reluctantly, they get on the two buses meant to take home students who stay for athletic practice, and they go away for a dark night in places I can't imagine.
Over 90 percent of the kids in my high school are on the free or reduced lunch programs. The walk hand-in-hand with Poverty and its brother Violence. They find comfort in the arms of your lover, Addiction. They make babies before they are old enough to vote. Or drive. And they continue the cycle you put them in.
Sometimes I get through to a student and convince them that education is the way out of this spiral of poverty and despair. Then you slap them down for wanting to be better than you.
And you, the lawmakers of this state, you encourage it. I hold two college degrees and have been on my job for 10 years. I was our school's Teacher of the Year in 2014. I teach kids to read the ballots that keep you in your elite position. I teach them to look behind your lies and rhetoric. I teach them to think for themselves. The compensation of me and my colleagues ranks 49th in the nation, and is the lowest in our region. I currently earn about $18,000 per year less than I did in 2002, my last year as an office worker for an energy company that merged with another and eliminated my job. I feel like my life has purpose now, but, as I turn 50 this year and wonder how I'll put my own high school-age kids through college, I have to consider giving up helping scores of kids per year so I can afford to give my own children what they need to find satisfaction in their lives.
And what do you do? You whittle away at education funding. You waste the taxpayers' money so that our great state faces unbelievable shortfalls and massive budget cuts. You take home a salary that ranks 10th highest in the nation among state legislators and you are inept, uncaring, and an abomination to our democratic form of government.
Those kids who stay after school with me? After Spring Break 2016 they can't do that. You see, our district can no longer afford to pay to run those late buses. Your kids wade through garbage in the halls because we had to release the custodial crew that cleaned at night. Oh sure, we could make the kids clean up after themselves, except our administrators live in fear of lawsuits, and making a kid pick up the lunch tray they threw on the floor has been considered forced child labor. There's also the very real possibility that a belligerent kid will just take a swing at one of us — again — because they or they aren't taught respect for authority at home. Did I mention how we had to let go of our security officers because we could no longer afford them? We now share one single solitary Oklahoma County Sheriff's deputy with our ninth grade center and our middle school and alternative school. That's one deputy for about 1,300 students.
We can no longer afford rolls of colored paper or paint or tape to make signs to support and advertise our Student Council activities. This fall our football team won't charge through a decorated banner as they take the field because we can't afford to make the banner. There won't be any new textbooks in the foreseeable future. Broken desks won't be replaced. We're about to ration copy paper and we've already had the desktop printers taken out of our rooms.
We live in fear that our colleagues will leave us, not just because they are our friends, but because the district wouldn't replace them even if we could lure new teachers to our inner-city schools during the teacher shortage you have caused. We fear our classes doubling in size.
We fear becoming as ineffective as you are. Not because we can't or won't do our job, like you, but because you keep passing mandates to make us better while taking away all the resources we need just to maintain the status quo. We fear that our second jobs will prevent us from grading the papers or creating the lesson plans we already have to do from home. We fear our families will leave us because we don't have time for them.
I am the chairperson of my department. It tears at my heart to know that my best teacher cries over the dilemma she's facing right now. They love their job, but she's afraid they can no longer afford to continue in this profession. It's something we're all dealing with. How far will you push us? What will you do without us when we leave the classroom or leave the state? It's happening. You know it's happening, and yet you do nothing.
You, the representatives, senators, and governor of Oklahoma are creating a population of ignorant peasants fit only to work in the oil field and factories you bring to this state by promising those businesses won't have to pay their fair share of taxes. You leave our kids in a cycle of poverty and abuse while your pet donor oil companies destroy the bedrock beneath us, shaking our homes to pieces while you deny your part in all of it.
Parents, I beg you to love your children the way we love your children. Vote for people who will help teachers educate and nurture the kids we share. We can't do it alone anymore.
I couldn't help but notice that Apple announced that it was getting rid of iOS chief Scott Forstall and retail boss John Browett on the day Microsoft announced its new Windows Phone 8 and Google announced a slew of new Nexus devices including a new 10-inch tablet. That is a good way to suck the oxygen out of the room and divert attention away from the rival products. As for the move itself – I said it on Twitter: if you do your job and do it well, Cook is okay making you rich. If you mess up, don't let the door hit you on the way out. Browett was a disaster and wrong guy for the job. Forstall forgot they were Steve's guy, not Steve Jobs.
John Gruber has the best analysis on the Forstall exit.
id Tech 5 was designed from the ground up for 60fps gameplay, so what kind of results could be extracted from it now all the power of the new generation of consoles is at its disposal? With last week's release of Machine Games' Wolfenstein: The New Order, we finally found out. In our initial performance analysis, we went in search of the first cross-platform 1080p60 first-person shooter and while the game mostly delivered, the discovery of a dynamic resolution suggested that, once again, PlayStation 4 had managed to trump its Microsoft rival.
After first isolating an obvious example of the tech at work on Xbox One, a more detailed look at the captures revealed that both versions of the game achieve their locked 60Hz update by adjusting the amount of pixels rendered at any given point, in effect balancing engine load in order to put consistent refresh and controller response first.
Having now completed our analysis, it's clear that the PS4 gains an advantage with smaller drops in resolution that occur less frequently than they do on Xbox One. Metrics in the area of 1760x1080 are found on PS4, while on the Xbox One this can drop to an extreme of 960x1080 in some scenes. This is usually identifiable by an increase in the amount of jaggies on screen, along with a slightly fuzzier appearance to the already gritty aesthetic that Machine Games employs throughout the game.
Strangely, some of the drops in resolution occur when there is hardly anything happening - similar to what we saw with Rage on last-gen consoles. On top of that we also find that there is always a horizontally applied one-pixel-wide blur across all edges regardless of whether resolution is native. One theory is that the internal upscaler pass is always active regardless of resolution, so as a result the algorithm just samples the edge pixels and blurs as a standard routine. This results in some slightly fuzzy-looking edges that bring image quality down a notch when compared to the PC version (which has no dynamic scaling tech we could find), although the presentation remains pretty sharp in native 1080p.
"Wolfenstein: The New Order clocks in at around 40GB on Xbox One, PS4 and PC, with the same quality assets deployed on all platforms."
Wolfenstein: The New Order compared on Xbox One and PlayStation 4. Use the full-screen button and 1080p resolution for the best experience.
Alternative comparisons:
On the PC side of things, native 1080p resolution and beyond is a given if you have capable-enough hardware, but the presentation is further bolstered by some very mild anti-aliasing, which helps to reduce stair-stepping across long edges and chunkier details across the gritty environments. However, jaggies and pixel crawl are heavily noticeable in motion - particularly on sub-pixel elements - suggesting that any AA coverage is being applied very early on in the rendering pipeline before various effects and light sources come into play. The outcome is that Wolfenstein often looks like it features no anti-aliasing at all, and curiously there are no options in the game's own graphics settings menu to toggle the effect; the level of AA present appears to be fixed by the developer, although it is possible to force multi-sampling (MSAA) to further clean up the image.
Doing this requires editing of the game's config file, because forcing edge-smoothing using the Nvidia or ATI control panels alone doesn't work. Due to the amount of render passes used by the engine, high levels of MSAA are required to deliver a mostly artefact-free presentation, but this impacts heavily on performance if other memory-intensive settings are also ramped up. Elements such as texture quality and shadow resolution in particular really need GPUs with several gigabytes of RAM when maxed out in order to provide a playable experience. This leads to extra faffing about in order to achieve a solid 60fps while maintaining a high level of artwork and image quality, whereas the console versions lock at 60fps and take care of all the settings management for you.
Wolfenstein: The New Order dynamically scales resolution on console in order to hit its performance target. Here you can see the PC version running at native 1080p, while - very roughly - PS4 renders here at an approximate 1728x1080 and Xbox One is running at something in the region of 1440x1080. The strip-lights and the soldier are the best points of comparison. The New Order shares the same megatexture underpinnings as Rage, resulting in some noticeable texture pop-in. Each version exhibits its own range of issues at any given point. Here we see PS4 resolving textures ahead of both PC and Xbox One. PC owners with SSDs are likely to enjoy the best experience (we're testing on a standard hard drive). Once textures are fully loaded in, we see complete parity between all three versions of the game. However, curiously, there appears to be a lower level of anisotropic filtering on PC. Resolution on particles and other transparent effects are often reduced on console in order to save on bandwidth. Not so with Wolfenstein: The New Order, which appears to be operating at full resolution on all platforms. Wolfenstein operates without any anti-aliasing on consoles, but there's evidence of edge-smoothing on the PC game, albeit in a limited form that only catches some edges successfully. Jaggies are heavily visible in motion, suggesting that any sampling is done early on in the rendering pipeline. Stair-stepping is also noticeable on the door on the right.
Featuring a similar file size on all platforms (around 40GB) the same artwork is used across the PS4, Xbox One and PC versions of Wolfenstein, with environments featuring a mix of incredibly high and extremely low-resolution textures. Despite asset parity, the level of anisotropic filtering is slightly higher on the consoles. Streaming is handled to a similar degree across all formats with variable levels of texture pop-in between the three platforms. There's no clear winner here - all three have issues at various points, although PS4 and PC owners should be able to improve matter by installing an SSD into those systems.
Despite varying degrees of texture pop-in, the use of virtual textures generally does a solid job of providing varied and detailed artwork: there's little in the way of repeated patterns and the environments are filled with lashings of unique detail. This aesthetic is enhanced by the use of a high-frequency noise filter across textures, adding more perceived detail to the artwork but also presenting a rather artificial appearance. That said, texture quality in general is a real mixed bag, with both highly detailed and extreme blurry low-resolution art employed throughout, so perhaps this is why the noise filter was added.
On the whole the graphical experience in Wolfenstein is very similar across all three platforms, with the consoles coming close to matching the PC game running at maximum settings, although shadow quality and post-processing appear to operate at a notch below. For example, a higher precision depth-of-field implementation preserves more detail on PC, the level of camera motion blur is also ramped up, and the rather basic implementation of light shafts across all three platforms are deployed a little more liberally in some scenes.
While the use of megatextures allow for varied artwork that contain spades of unique detail, the technique has huge storage requirements - quality is limited by streaming bandwidth and storage capacity. As such we see plentiful use of low-resolution textures throughout Wolfenstein: The New Order. Higher-quality shadows are present on the PS4 and PC versions of Wolfenstein: The New Order. On the Xbox One these elements appear to be using fewer PCF sample counts leading to harsher, more jagged shadows. Higher=precision post-processing effects are used in the PC version of Wolfenstein: The New Order. In this shot we can see how depth-of-field results in less blurring of detail on out-of-focus objects. Wolfenstein: The New Order benefits from featuring a stronger camera blur effect on the PC, which adds more intensity to action-packed scenes. Here a double image-distortion effect is used exclusively on the PC to simulate mental trauma, where only depth-of-field is present on the PS4 and Xbox One.
On top of that we occasionally see heavier alpha effects deployed for smoke and particles during gameplay, although these appear to be limited to small extra debris flying across the screen when scenery is damaged and during vehicle collisions. Meanwhile, shadow quality on the PS4 is a match for the PC game with the effect at its second highest setting, although on the Xbox One these elements appear to operate using lower PCF (percentage closer filtering) sample counts which results in a more jagged shadow.
The end result of these upgrades on the PC is that the gritty visual presentation in Wolfenstein presents as a slightly more refined version of the console editions, showcasing how the id Tech 5 engine scales up when running on higher-end hardware. However, there's the sense that the experience falls short of what is expected by the latest generation of high-end games, with dynamic lighting and the number of advanced effects appearing well below that of Battlefield 4 or Crysis 3. In theory the decision to more tightly restrict the use of rendering features should allow for players to run the game at 60fps without needing top-end gaming rigs, as long as you don't go crazy by ramping everything up to the max, at which point the id Tech 5 engine becomes highly demanding.
In a system featuring a Core i5 3570 and Nvidia GTX 680 graphics card, we had to lower shadow quality down a few notches and reduce screen-space reflections to achieve a solid 60fps at 1080p. Otherwise we would be hit by frequently large frame-rate drops and plenty of tearing (adaptive v-sync is present in Wolfenstein, so if the frame-rate starts to drop below 60fps the game tears to maintain as much smoothness as possible - even if you hard-set v-sync). Alternatively, we could also yield a mostly solid 60fps by enabling texture compression and reducing shadow quality, while keeping reflections at a higher level.
To put things into perspective, the PS4 and Xbox One versions of Wolfenstein provide an almost identical gameplay experience without having to deal with any potential frame-rate or tearing issues: both consoles basically deliver a locked 60fps without dropping v-sync. We did encounter one issue on the Xbox One where performance was heavily interrupted at one point, but after repeated tests we could never replicate the phenomenon, and we never experienced anywhere else in the game, where firefights became even more intense. There's also the use of a dynamic framebuffer to consider, but we feel that the drop in image quality is well worth the trade-off for the superb low-latency gameplay that a solid 60fps can only provide.
"The game thrives on its locked 60fps action - with varying levels of resolution scaling employed to sustain it."
Frame-rate tests for Wolfenstein: The New Order reveal a solid 60fps across both PlayStation 4 and Xbox On, free from any tearing. However, this comes at the expense of raw image quality as horizontal resolution is adjusted dynamically in order to maintain a 60fps update.
So just how scalable is id Tech 5? The true test of the engine would be to compare the results of the new consoles with the last. Unfortunately Bethesda didn't send us last-gen code, but we borrowed the PS3 version and stacked it up against The New Order running on PS4 to see the key advantages the new consoles bring to the game. Naturally, the target resolution is pegged at 720p on PS3, but a dynamic framebuffer regularly results in sub-HD visuals as the engine attempts to hold a solid 60fps - just as it did in the PS3 version of Rage. This results in a somewhat murkier look, with fuzzier geometry edges - exacerbated by the lack of anti-aliasing - and blurrier textures.
Other cutbacks include a reduction in alpha-based effects (smoke, fire and debris), the loss of screen-space reflections on shiny surfaces, and the removal of the fluid simulation used to replicate the swell and flow of water. We also see simpler levels of post-processing, with the noise filter used to give the game a gritty oppressive look on the PS4, Xbox One and PC builds appears to be completely absent. The lighting model takes a knock too, dramatically changing how characters and portions of the environment are illuminated. This leads to an unusually dark look in many areas, with enemies and objects cast in shadow.
Overall, we are looking at a build that lacks much of the sparkle of the PS4, Xbox One and PC versions when it comes to visual fidelity, but the core gameplay experience remains remarkably preserved. 60fps is the target, and for the most part the engine does an admirable job of maintaining it during hectic scenes. Things aren't perfect though, and there are some short but heavy bouts of tearing when the engine is under stress. It's an annoyance, but keeping v-sync engaged here would have compromised the feel of the controls and we feel that Machine Games made the right trade.
I have been reading Jenny Mustard's blog, and following them on Instagram for quite some time. Them simple, minimalist, and airy style of photography and videography are absolutely stunning. It makes me feel like I am inside a foodies dream. Them blog has totally inspired me to live a more minimalist lifestyle– something that I have wanted to do for quite some time, but never had that extra push or constant reminder.
James and I combined our two homes, so we have doubles of everything and have been slowly selling or donating our extra items to de-clutter our life. It's such a good feeling to know that you own items, and that they do not own you. Thank you Jenny for reminding me of this important fact.
But back to the food… Jenny's blog is filled with gorgeous, healthy, vegan food that nourishes your body but also pleases the food inside of you. It is simple eating, and simply beautiful plating. their bog inspires me to be more aware of my food choices and always makes me want to get out my vegetable basket and head over to the farmer's market for this week's fresh bounty. It must be no surprise that when Jenny reached out to me, and asked me to be part of their Vegan Food Stories series, that I was honoured and of course, agreed.
For this series, we decided to make each other's recipes. My choice was obvious, it had to be this 2 ingredient fudge. As you all know, I am obsessed with decadent sweets, and comfort foods. Give me a sweet treat that takes no time at all, and I am in 100%. And boy was I thrilled with the outcome.
This fudge is HEAVENLY! The macadamia nuts [while expensive] are the perfect nut for this recipe. They provide that rich, buttery feeling you expect when you bite into a piece of fudge. The dates provide a low glycemic sweetness, with a hint of flavour sugar could never give you. It was so hard not to eat the entire pan! But also easy, since each piece is so rich only one or two totally gets rid of those sugary cravings. This fudge is now a staple in our freezer. When I feel those late night, after dinner sugar cravings come on, I hop over to the freezer, pull them out, make some tea, and enjoy my guilt-free snack! I know they will become a staple in your home as well.
Jenny featured one of my recipes on their blog and channel as well! I really love how beautiful they made my Instant noodle soup in a mason jar look! If you are not following them on Youtube or on their blog, you totally have to. Food inspiration to the max!
Thank you so much Jenny for asking me to be part of you series, and for making my recipe so beautiful on your channel and blog.
Food Inspo: Vegan Fudge Recipe by Jenny Mustard Save Print Prep time 5 mins Total time 5 mins This is the easiest vegan fudge you will ever make! All you need are 2 ingredients! The macadamia nits make this fudge smooth and buttery, while the dates give it that sweetness you crave. Author: The Edgy Veg Recipe type: Dessert Cuisine: American Serves: 12 pieces Ingredients 1 cup macadamia nuts
1 cup dates
optional: pinch of salt, ½ tsp vanilla extract or ¼ tsp vanilla powder Instructions Blend dates and nuts in a food processor until smooth Spread out on a plastic wrap-lined sheet and shape and flatten the top evenly. Freeze for at least 4-5 hours. Cut into squares and keep in the freezer until you a craving for something sweet. Enjoy! Notes You can add a tbsp of coconut oil to help it keep it's shape for longer when out of the freezer. 3.5.3208
Getty Images
The Panthers ended a disappointing season in Tampa on Sunday with a 17-16 loss to the Buccaneers that featured kicker Graham Gano missing three-of-four field goal attempts over the course of the afternoon.
After the game, Gano had some complaints about the way the stadium's video board was being used on their kicks. While there was a Bucs logo against a red background for Roberto Aguayo's kicks, the board showed a live shot of Gano getting ready that the kicker said made their job more difficult.
“You look out there, there's two [sets of] uprights you're looking at,” Gano said, via the Charlotte Observer. “I know the league talked to them about it before when we played here a couple years ago. So it's a bit bush-league. But once again, it's not a reason why I performed poorly. It just adds another element.”
Gano wasn't only one calling the Bucs' video board operations bush-league after the game. Coach Ron Rivera took issue with replays of a hit by linebacker Thomas Davis on Bucs wide receiver Russell Shepard after a play that saw Jameis Winston scrambling. The play was not penalized and Rivera took issue with showing the replays to rile up the crowd.
“Well, first of all I think that's bush-league, to show that play up on the screen,” Rivera said. “What are we trying to incite here? Let's not do that. That's got no place in the NFL, as far as I'm concerned. TD did something that, the guy scrambles around and they saw Jameis break through. So at that point you can eliminate receivers. I wish it didn't happen, but that's a part of the game. But I really do mean that. I don't think you put that type of play up on the screen. I don't think that's right.”
On the list of things that went wrong for the Panthers this year, rogue video boards are somewhere near the bottom of the list but it goes to show that it wasn't their year to see them on the list at all.
Algae Biofuel Still In Play Despite Low Oil Prices, Says NREL
February 10th, 2016 by Tina Casey
Scenedesmus Wins “Top Model” Algae Biofuel Face-off
The new algae biofuel process builds on NREL's previous work with two algae strains, Chlorella and Scenedesmus. If Chlorella rings a bell, it's a salt-tolerant strain that researchers in Australia are deploying for a system to cultivate algae for biofuel while capturing carbon dioxide from power plant emissions (the CO2 feeds the algae).
Scenedesmus is a new one on us, but it pops up on the NREL website, in a “bioprospecting” presentation partly funded by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research. The study identifies naturally occurring, biofuel-friendly algae in different regions of the US, from Brooklyn to the Salton Sea.
In the latest development, NREL has nailed Scenedesmus as its go-to algae for a new soup-to-nuts approach to commercializing algae biofuel.
Commercializing Algae Biofuel
The problem with the conventional approach to algae biofuel systems is that they lean heavily on increasing the lipids content of algae. That can only get you so far in terms of developing a commercially competitive process, so NREL has been focusing on a whole-body system that extracts lipids, carbohydrates, and proteins for further processing into marketable products.
Carbs can be converted to sugars, which can be fermented to produce ethanol, but for a while NREL was stuck on getting that part of the process down pat. They initially tinkered around with a separation process that converted the carbohydrates, but not very efficiently. About 37 percent of the sugars would require an additional, expensive washing step to be fermentable.
The new development leaps over the original separation idea and goes straight to an initial fermentation step using a mixed algae “slurry,” a system that NREL calls combined algal processing (CAP). The results in terms of gallons/gasoline equivalent (GGE) per ton of biomass were impressive:
Using Scenedesmus and the CAP, and after upgrading the lipids to renewable fuels, scientists were now able to produce a total fuel yield estimated at 126 GGE per ton. That's 88 percent of the theoretical maximum yield and 32 percent more than the yield from lipids alone.
Don't break out the pom-poms yet. Although NREL's modeling demonstrates a significant cost reduction for the new process, the lab also notes that it still doesn't come close to competing with petroleum.
However, the lab is optimistic that the new system shows a way forward for future competitiveness.
In addition, we'll note that raw cost is not the only factor that could come into play in the new algae vs. fossil algae marketplace. We're thinking that as the nation's petroleum pipeline infrastructure is getting to the straw-that-breaks-the-camel's-back stage (Keystone is still alive, and there are more examples — here's another one), the benefits of hyper-local algae biofuel facilities are becoming more apparent.
The value of carbon capture could also become a critical factor moving forward. Aside from the asupervisorstioned project in Australia, the US energy company Duke Energy is beginning to explore algae cultivation for capturing emissions from power plants.
The Nitty-Gritty Of Competitive Algae Biofuel Production
For some further insight into just how serious the US Energy Department is about algae biofuel, check out the agency's algae page (including a nifty video) under BETO, the Bio-Energy Technologies Office. The Energy Department also just issued another round of algae biofuel funding on top of two previous rounds, so stay tuned for that.
You can also get more details on the new NREL study under the title “Combined algal processing: A novel integrated biorefinery process to product algal biofuels and bioproducts” in the journal Algal Research.
For those of you on the go, here's a snippet describing the CAP process in a bit more detail:
In CAP, whole algal slurry after acid pretreatment is directly used for ethanol fermentation. The ethanol and microalgal lipids can be sequentially recovered from the fermentation broth by thermal treatment and solvent extraction. Almost all the monomeric fermentable sugars can be utilized for ethanol production without compromising the lipid recovery.
The study authors also briefly note that, aside from extracting more value from the same algae, there are other opportunities to reduce costs, for example in the infrastructure required to cultivate and harvest algae. Last year we took note of one such approach, in the form of a “shape-shifting” glass tube for more efficient algae production.
Bottom line: corn ethanol is still a dominant force in the US biofuel field, but considering the land use issues at play, algae would be our choice to go mano a mano with petroleum over the long haul.
Follow me on Twitter and Google+.
Image (screenshot): microalgae via nrel.gov, by J. Pole, Brooklyn College of CUNY.
Most of the money will go not to television and radio advertisements, but for canvassing, social media and other organizing efforts intended to bring pressure on lawmakers from their own constituents, drawing in part on lessons the teachers learned from defeating candidates backed by well-financed charter school advocates in the Democratic primary last fall.
“We think the ad wars make people feel disenfranchised from the process,” said Michael Mulgrew, president of the United Federation of Teachers. “We want to do the grass-roots work — training people on speaking to community groups, going to civic associations, block associations, lawmakers. We want the lawmakers to hear from their real constituents, as opposed to the people that usually lobby them.”
Indeed, an early radio ad script from the group does not mention Mr. Cuomo at all. Instead, it assails “bankers, brokers and money managers” on Wall Street for collecting record pay and bonuses in the midst of a state fiscal crisis.
Such a message contrasts starkly with past budget-battle advertisements. One memorable advertisement run by 1199 two years ago to protest Medicaid cuts featured a blind Bronx resident asking of former Gov. David A. Paterson, who is themselves legally blind, “Why are you doing this to me?”
Photo
A second coalition, called Growing Together New York, and joining dozens of labor, environmental and community groups, will focus more directly on opposing Mr. Cuomo's cuts, while also agitating for the extension of the income-tax surcharge. The coalition will be spearheaded by New Yorkers for Fiscal Fairness, a liberal advocacy organization whose backers include CSEA, formerly the Civil Service Employees Association, the largest union of state workers, and New York State United Teachers, the statewide teachers' union.
A press release announcing the coalition's formation last week emphasized that it was “not looking for a confrontation with the governor” but instead “a healthy exchange of ideas.”
“We're mobilizing, and we have a ground strategy,” said Ron Deutsch, executive director of New Yorkers for Fiscal Fairness. “We're taking the show out on the road, much as the governor has with their budget.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Deutsch added, “We want to engage the governor in a dialogue here, and I don't know if an ad war is the way to do that.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Both coalitions argue that the debate over New York's budget crisis has unfairly scapegoated public workers while virtually ignoring the role that Wall Street risk-taking, and the accompanying financial collapse, played. They also say that what Mr. Cuomo has described as an epidemic of overspending is as much a revenue crisis driven by tax cuts for the wealthy from the Pataki era.
The shift in tactics reflects, to some extent, Mr. Cuomo's efforts to both woo and fracture their opponents, hoping to avoid the kind of joint assault from teachers, health workers and state employees' unions that ultimately wore down Mr. Paterson and past governors.
Last week, Mr. Cuomo proposed major cuts to Medicaid, school aid and the state work force, while inviting unions to come to them with their own proposals to save money. At the same time, they have amassed a $5 million war chest of their own, money Mr. Cuomo has said they will spend on advertisements only if they are attacked first. They have helped organize a coalition of business groups, called the Committee to Save New York, with plans to spend at least $10 million this year defending their proposals to cap property taxes and rein in spending.
Mr. Cuomo also struck a deal last summer with the Working Families Party, long a potent attack force for unions on fiscal issues, to appear on their ballot line in exchange for their pledge to support their agenda, including their promise not to raise or impose new taxes. The deal did not prevent them, union officials said, from advocating for an extension of the surcharge, an existing tax.
“We are working right now with the governor's folks on the Medicaid redesign team, and we're hoping to come up with some creative ways to save money,” said Kevin Finnegan, the political director for 1199.
Some union officials and their allies say the change in strategy also reflects a recognition that the traditional winter ad wars are not without cost to themselves, both in dollars — 1199 alone has spent as much as $10 million a year out of a joint fund with the Greater New York Hospital Association — and in public relations backlash.
“We have had enormous experience with the old way,” said Kenneth E. Raske, president of the hospital association. “The old way leaves a sour taste in our mouth, too. We've seen what happens in the past. We didn't like the process and we didn't like the outcome. You get some restorations, but you still end up with some difficult cuts.”
On February 16, 2005, Hunter S. Thompson was sitting in their home in Woody Creek, Colorado. Football season had just ended, which always left them morose, but they were also suffering from surgery-related pain in their hip and back, which made walking difficult—to say nothing of their favorite activities, swimming and blowing things up. Instead, the then 67-year-old author composed a typewritten note addressed to himself:
No More Games. No More Bombs. No More Walking. No More Fun. No More Swimming. 67. That is 17 years past 50. 17 more than I needed or wanted. Boring. I am always bitchy. No Fun—for anybody. 67. You are getting Greedy. Act your old age. Relax—This won't hurt.
Four days later, Thompson shot himself. They were sitting at the kitchen table, where they did much of their writing.
Before their death, Thompson had published 15 books—some journalism, some fiction, many their own brand of the two, which a friend dubbed “gonzo journalism.” Throughout those works, Thompson pays tribute to their family, friends and influences, often through dedications, although sometimes in exceedingly vague terms. Their masterpiece Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, for example, is in part dedicated to Bob Geiger “for reasons that need not be explained here.” Those reasons are explained below.
Article continues after advertisement
“To Sandy, who endured almost a year of grim exile in Washington, DC while this book was being written.”
–Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail ‘72
Sandy Thompson (née Conklin; now Sondi Wright) was Hunter's first wife. The two met through mutual friends in New York City in 1958. Reflecting on first falling for Hunter in Gonzo: The Life of Hunter S. Thompson, an oral biography by Jann S. Wenner and Corey Seymour, Sandy declares, “The only way to say it is that I was just gone. Absolutely gone.” In a letter from The Proud Highway: Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman, a collection of Hunter's correspondence, they plead with them to visit them in Puerto Rico, where they had moved in 1960. Hunter writes:
I am still honest enough to say I want you to come down and, if you do nothing else, merely lie naked with me on this living room bed and stare at the sea… I am also honest enough to admit that wanting you over this past weekend rubbed raw some part of me that's been well-insulated for quite a while.
Article continues after advertisement
Sandy did eventually visit, and three years later, the couple wed.
In order for Hunter to cover the presidential campaign in 1972, the family, which now included their eight-year-old son Juan, moved from their home in Woody Creek to DC. These articles for Rolling Stone would eventually be compiled into the lauded Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail ‘72 (“The best account yet published of what it feels like to be out there in the middle of the American political process,” according to The New York Times Book Review), but the experience also put inhuman strain on Sandy. As Wenner, Hunter's editor at Rolling Stone, says in Gonzo:
Sandy was not only their wife but also their full-time assistant. They were the one typing the manuscripts, filing, and doing all the administrative work, and they were also the recipient of Hunter's abusive behavior and unrelenting late-night irritability.
Unsurprisingly, the union did not last. Sandy left Hunter in 1980, after 17 years of marriage. They saw them through the publication of their first four books—a selection which undoubtedly contains their finest work, and in which they undoubtedly played an indelible role.
“To Juan and… To Richard Milhous Nixon, who never let me down.”
–The Great Shark Hunt
Thompson's only child, Juan Fitzgerald Thompson, was born in 1964. A month after Juan's birth, Thompson—beaming in their own way—wrote to a friend:
My son is here with me; they can't sleep at night except by the typewriter. … They groan and thrashes about constantly, as if in close combat with the dark forces of reaction. They have a dangerous amount of energy and a huge set of balls, a sure formula for trouble.
Nixon, on the other hand, was Thompson's one true nemesis. By 1963, Thompson was already writing to one of their editors, “With a hairy animal called Nixon looming once again on the horizon, I am ready to believe that we are indeed in ‘the time of the end.'” After the two men met in 1968 on the campaign trail, Thompson described Nixon as “a monument to all the rancid genes and broken chromosomes that corrupt the possibilities of the American Dream.” That hatred only grew through the president's first term and with the prospect of their second. On the eve of the presidential election in 1972, Thompson railed in Rolling Stone, “Nixon represents the dark, venal and incurably violent side of the American character that almost every other country in the world has learned to fear and despise.” Even upon Nixon's death in 1994, Thompson seethed in their obituary, “He could shake your hand and stab you in the back at the same time.”
In their own ways, then, both Juan and Nixon inspired the essays and articles that Thompson wrote throughout the late 1960s and early 70s, the best of which are collected in The Great Shark Hunt.
“To Bob Geiger, for reasons that need not be explained here—and to Bob Dylan, for Mister Tambourine Man”
–Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
The most mysterious of Thompson's dedications is to Bob Geiger, an orthopedic surgeon from Sonoma, California. Geiger's wife had met Sandy at a town square, where they struck up a conversation about children (they both had one-year-olds) and writing (Geiger was a novelist). The Geigers invited the Thompsons over for dinner and a friendship blossomed.
In Gonzo, Geiger themselves guesses at their dedication:
People think that Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is dedicated to me because they think I was supplying Hunter with drugs, but the main reason is that I would drive down to San Francisco almost every night, and Hunter and I would read through the Hell's Angels manuscript page by page, word by word.
No doubt a contributing factor, but not an explanation as to why Fear and Loathing—as opposed to Hell's Angels—is dedicated to Geiger. The whole truth likely includes an instance in the mid 60s, when the Thompsons were evicted from their apartment (after Hunter and Bob were shooting at gophers) and the Geigers housed them for some time. But even more relevant to the gonzo nature of Fear and Loathing may be this quote from Geiger:
I had published a novel, and Hunter had this horse's-ass idea that it was supposed to be important to be a fiction writer. I would try to point out to him, “Hunter, you are writing fiction. All writing is fiction. Experiences you experience, and words are words, so everything is fiction.”
As for Bob Dylan, they were Thompson's favorite musician. Of the author's musical taste, their literary executor Doug Brinkley says, “He knew what they liked … it was Dylan first and foremost.” In a letter to a friend, Thompson themselves writes, “Dylan is a goddamn phenomenon, pure gold, and mean as a snake.”
Dylan's song “Mister Tambourine Man” was particularly close to Thompson's heart—and to Fear and Loathing. In a memo to their editor at Rolling Stone, which published an early version of the novel, Thompson even compares their book to Dylan's song, writing, “The central problem here is that you're working overtime to treat this thing as Straight or at least Responsible journalism … You'd be better off trying to make objective, chronological sense of … ‘Mister Tambourine Man.'”
Thompson's memo hints at a more significant, if personal connection between their book and Dylan's song. Years earlier, Thompson documented at length what “Mister Tambourine Man” meant to him:
This, to me, is the Hippy National Anthem. … To anyone who was part of that (post-beat) scene before the word “hippy” became a national publicity landmark (in 1966 and 1967), “Mr. Tambourine Man” is both an epitaph and a swan-song for the lifestyle and the instincts that led, eventually, to the hugely-advertised “hippy phenomenon.”
Those reflections were published in another collection of their letters, Fear and Loathing in America: The Brutal Odyssey of an Outlaw Journalist, and reveal a sentiment that rings so close to Thompson's own ideas about the hippie era, as captured in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas:
San Francisco in the middle 60s was a very special time and place to be a part of. … We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest of a high and beautiful wave… So now, less than five years later, you can go up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look West, and with the right kind of eyes you can almost see the high-water mark—that place where the wave finally broke and rolled back.
At their request, “Mister Tambourine Man” was also played at Thompson's funeral, after their ashes were shot from fireworks, in true gonzo style.
For more on Hunter S. Thompson and those they loved, see Gonzo: The Life of Hunter S. Thompson, The Proud Highway: Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman and Fear and Loathing in America: The Brutal Odyssey of an Outlaw Journalist.
Featured illustration: Gabriella Shery
Manuel Balce Ceneta/Associated Press
Could control of the House of Representatives really flip back to the Democrats next year?
Just over a year from Election Day, and with the presidential race seizing most of the political spotlight, Congressional strategists for the Democratic Party are hinting that it just might.
More than 100 Democratic candidates from more than 60 districts in 36 states will gather in Washington on Wednesday for a day of in-house discussions, training and boosterism.
Democratic officials say the gathering is evidence of the enthusiastic response they have gotten as they recruit candidates. They say the sheer number of candidates gives them a better than even chance of winning a net gain of 25 seats to take back control.
“We've put the House in play,” declared Representative Steve Israel, Democrat of New York, the chairperson of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. “I've never guaranteed to anyone that we will take the House back in 2012. I am guaranteeing to everyone that it will be razor close.”
Republican officials in charge of House campaigns next year express confidence that their party will withstand whatever efforts the Democrats put forth.
They say the Democrats face numerous obstacles to regaining a majority that would oust House Speaker John A. Boehner and reinstate Representative Nancy Pelosi in their old job.
Redistricting in many states that were controlled by Republican legislatures have made the going tougher for some Democratic incumbents. Several Democratic incumbents have announced their retirements. And President Obama‘s political struggles are making it a tougher environment for members from their party.
“The biggest vulnerability for everyone on this list is that they all fully support President Obama's job-destroying agenda,” a spokesperson for the National Republican Campaign Committee said.
The dueling assessments of the year ahead are an early indication of what's at stake in the Congressional elections. Democrats are eager to retake the House in part as a buffer against the possibility that they could lose the Senate — and maybe the White House. Republicans salivate at the possibility of winning everything in 2012.
The House races will not fully engage for months. Many of the Democratic candidates who will arrive in Washington on Wednesday will be running against each other in primaries next year. But national officials in both parties are eager to establish an early narrative about which way the political fortunes are blowing.
Mr. Israel cited recent fund-raising numbers which showed that the Democratic committee they head has out-raised their Republican counterparts by $4 million in the last quarter. They also pointed to two recent public opinion surveys that suggest that Americans are more likely to say they would vote for a Democratic Congress over a Republican one.
“As a result of the buyer's remorse that has set in, House Democrats are ahead in most of the generic polls,” Mr. Israel said.
To counter that impression, officials at the Republican committee pointed to races in Georgia, Michigan, North Carolina, Ohio and Texas, where Democratic incumbents are running in districts that are much more solidly Republican than they were before redistricting took place in those states.
“It's making it that much harder for them,” said Paul Lindsay, the communications director for the committee.
But Mr. Lindsay conceded that there are also a number of vulnerable Republican lawmakers who will need defending against the Democratic efforts. They said that Republicans have set up something called the “Patriot Program,” which will aim to provide money and support to those candidates.
“These are swing districts where obviously they are going to have races,” Mr. Lindsay said. They said those lawmakers — who already include Representatives Charles Bass and Frank Guinta in New Hampshire and Lou Barletta and Patrick Meehan in Pennsylvania — will get the help they need.
So who's really got the advantage?
It is always harder to win back a majority in Congress than it is to hold one. And with the economy struggling and Mr. Obama falling in the polls, it's a tough environment for Democrats to make major gains.
But in the end, it remains a numbers game. There are plenty of Republicans who won their seats in the wave of discontent that drove incumbents out of office in 2010. Now, the Republican lawmakers are the incumbents, and they face the anger that is still out there.
Democratic officials say the Congressional hopefuls who arrive in Washington on Wednesday will participate in a reception for the committee's “Women LEAD” program and will attend policy discussions on economics, job creation and national security. Later in the day, they will have “media training” with Anita Dunn, a veteran Democratic strategist who recently served as the White House communications director.
But those candidates hoping to run as Washington outsiders are not likely to linger in the capital city for too long.
“My guess,” said Mr. Israel, “is they will be leaving skid marks on Washington to get back home and campaign.”
CNN has retracted a story claiming that an adviser to the Trump campaign is under Senate investigation for meeting with the head of a Russian state-backed investment fund at the Davos economic forum.
Read more
The now-deleted report cited an anonymous congressional source as saying that the Senate Intelligence Committee was investigating ties between several figures in the Trump camp, including their son-in-law Jared Kushner and financier Anthony Scaramucci, and the Russian Direct Investment Fund (RDIF), a Russian sovereign fund that manages direct foreign investments into the Russian economy.
Scaramucci, who was part of Trump's transition team, met with Kirill Dmitriev, the CEO of the RDIF, at the World Economic Forum in Davos last year. According to CNN, congressional investigators wanted to know if they had discussed lifting US sanctions against Russia. A spokesperson for the Russian fund said they hadn't, while Scaramucci told CNN that there was “nothing there.”
The report implied that RDIF had been flagged by US investigators for its ties to Vnesheconombank, a Russian state-owned bank that ran the fund until June of 2016, when RDIF was restructured as an independent entity by the Russian government.
The news channel redacted the Thursday story on Friday, saying that it “did not meet CNN's editorial standards” and apologized to Scaramucci.
.@CNN did the right thing. Classy move. Apology accepted. Everyone makes mistakes. Moving on. https://t.co/lyVajCKNHx — Anthony Scaramucci (@Scaramucci) June 24, 2017
Breitbart News, a pro-Trump news outlet, claimed credit for making CNN withdraw the story, which it described as a “conspiracy theory hit piece.” Earlier, it had cited its own sources as saying that no investigation into the meeting was underway because it had already been looked at and deemed to be appropriate.
Post your picture here and have fellow Redditors tell you what they think about your appearance! We just want everybody to have fun and indulge in feeling a little vain, too, if you wish. :)
All the cool people sort by new to help the posters with the fewest comments.
Hit "report" on any abusive/fake content.
The Rules
Commenting
In general, remember that there is a real live person on the other end reading what you write.
Submitting
Read this Posting Guide before submitting!
Voting
Don't upvote/downvote based on appearance.
More info
Meta
If you want to change any of these rules, make a meta thread.
More info
The Suggestions
Auxiliary subreddits
If you're having self-confidence issues, try /r/selfimprovement or /r/howtonotgiveafuck
If you want to know if you look better with or without glasses, try /r/FaceOn
Check out /r/bodyacceptance for discussion about lookism and how a person's value depends on more than their appearance. Also if you're having trouble dealing with how you look.
For advice on passing as a different gender, try /r/transpassing
If you don't feel you're ugly, try r/AmISexy
If you need opinions on your fashion taste: Ladies please visit /r/femalefashionadvice , gentlemen visit r/malefashionadvice
If you need tips and opinions about your hair: Ladies visit r/FancyFollicles , gentlemen visit r/malehairadvice or r/malegrooming . Dealing with hair loss? r/tressless
If you have any skin problems please visit r/skincareaddiction . If you're unsatisfied with your weight try /r/loseit or /r/gainit , and to get fit check out /r/fitness
For make-up tips visit r/MakeupAddiction
To have your appearance rated and to receive tips for improvement check out /r/RateMe
/r/toastme - "People can post and get a confidence boost. It's a nice place. It might be worth linking in the sidebar, if there's space left." - /u/essidus
We just want everybody to have fun and indulge in feeling a little vain, too, if you wish. :)
Danny Coward, Chief Client Software Architect at Sun, blogs that the Java Store is almost ready to open its doors. Similar to Apple's app store, the Java store will be a place for developers to sell their Java and JavaFX-based applications. Sun hopes to attract about six million Java developers to submit applications to the Java store back-end, the Java Warehouse repository.
At June's (final?) JavaOne conference, Sun unveiled the beta program for the Java Store front. Since then, Sun's architects have been working on issues such as payment mechanisms and the criteria governing submissions. Sun says the general release of the Java Store will feature new search functions and a revamped UI, plus a bunch of other things we don't even know about yet.
6.5 billion non-U.S. residents are feeling a bit left out though. The current beta is only available in the U.S. but Sun says access to the Java Store outside of the U.S. will start in 2010. Since no international participation was present in the beta, Sun will need to surmount the obstacles of bringing the Java Store to other countries if it hopes to get the traffic it wants. International developers will also have to wait to sell their Java apps at the Java Store. Sun says the Java Warehouse Developer Portal will be accessible to additional countries "in the coming months." They can notify you when the portal becomes available in your country if you provide your email. Another question is whether devlopers will build more RIAs for Java ME, the carriers preference, or using Sun's preferred JavaFX. We'll just have to wait and see how the Java Store evolves and how it is recieved.
Despite uncertain reception of the coming Java Store, Java founder James Gostling remains optimistic. Gosling says they have high hopes for the Java Store saying, "The size of the market when you glue together all of these domains where you can deploy Java applications, it's a couple of billions at least."
Ten-year MMA veteran Mark Hominick (20-12 MMA, 3-4 UFC) has competed for the last time.
The 30-year-old Canadian and Shawn Tompkins protege announced on Tuesday's new edition of FUEL TV's “UFC Tonight” that he's hanging up the gloves in favor of chasing other options.
“I truly got to live my passion and follow my dreams by competing in mixed martial arts, especially under the Zuffa banner, but UFC 154, that's the last fight I'll be in the octagon, as I'm retiring and looking to move on to the next phase of my career,” Hominick said.
Hominick actually made their UFC in March 2006, when they claimed a submission win over Yves Edwards. They returned in June of that year with a decision win over Jorge Gurgel.
Hominick then transitioned to the WEC, where they fought five times before returning to the UFC octagon.
The high point of Hominick's UFC career came at April 2011's UFC 129 event, where they fought valiantly in front of a Canadian crowd during a failed title bid against UFC featherweight champion Jose Aldo. Despite sporting a massive hematoma, Hominick pushed until the final bell, and a UFC record 55,724 fans rose to their feet in appreciation of their effort.
The decision loss was the last time they would step in to the cage with their longtome trainer and friend Tompkins, who passed away unexpectedly in August 2011.
Hominick returned to action at December 2011's UFC 140, but a reckless attack led to a stunning seven-second loss to Chan Sung Jung. Hominick would go on to drop decision losses to Pablo Garza and Eddie Yagin and finish their career on a disappointing four-fight losing streak. “The Machine” said a commitment to family helped drive their decision.
“As a family, I have young daughter,” Hominick said. “I have another daughter on the way, and I think that's the next phase of my life. I need to put focus into that.”
Hominick didn't reveal what they would do next, but they insisted that MMA will remain a focus in their life.
“I'm always going to be involved in the sport,” Hominick said. “This is my passion. This is what fuels me.”
For more on the UFC, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
(Pictured: Mark Hominick)
Philadelphia has an adult diabetes problem that has grown more severe in recent years and is significantly worse than America's other largest cities.
When opponents voice their displeasure with Mayor Jim Kenney's proposed soda tax, they tend to call it regressive. Politicians ranging from Judge Nelson Diaz to Councilwoman Maria Quiñones–Sánchez to even Bernie Sanders have argued the 3-cent-per-ounce tax will disproportionately affect Philly's lower-income and minority residents. When they do, soda tax supporters have often answered back with what they say is an even bigger regressive problem: diabetes.
A Harvard researcher, whose study predicted the soda tax could prevent 2,280 annual cases of diabetes, said (lower-income people) “are are spending of a lot of their money on sugar-sweetened beverages that are, frankly, killing them.”
Berkeley, Calif., councilman Laurie Capitelli said “I can't tell you how many times I said ‘you know what's really regressive? Diabetes is really regressive.'”
And they're right. Philadelphia has an adult diabetes problem that has grown more severe in recent years and is significantly worse than in America's other largest cities. The people affected by the disease are disproportionately poor and minority. They're also more likely to drink soda and sugar-sweetened juices and teas.
Who gets diabetes in Philly
Philadelphia's Department of Public Health released its annual Community Health Assessment a few months ago. It found 15.4 percent of Philadelphians have or ever had adult diabetes.
For black residents, the prevalence was much higher, with 18.8 percent of Philly's black population suffering from the disease. For Hispanics, it was 14 percent. White and Asian residents checked in below the city average at 13.6 percent and 7.5 percent, respectively.
The Department of Public Health breaks up the city into several planning districts. The ones with the highest rates of diabetes are in North Philly, Southwest Philly and West Philly.
A while back, Billy Penn did an article on income inequality in Philadelphia's most segregated neighborhoods. These areas with the highest rates of diabetes — featuring neighborhoods like Strawberry Mansion, Mantua and Mill Creek — happen to be some of the poorest and some of the city's most segregated, with 95 percent-plus black populations and median annual household incomes in many cases ranging from $15,000 to $25,000.
No. 1 for the wrong reason
Philadelphia gets on a lot of lists for good and bad reasons. Add diabetes as one of the bad reasons.
The counties featuring America's nine other largest cities all have diabetes rates below the U.S. average of 12.3 percent. Philly's, of course, is at 15.4 percent.
Though Philadelphia's percentage of residents with diabetes dipped from 16 percent to 15.4 percent from 2012 to 2014-15, that share is still well above the 10.9 percent in 2004, meaning about 60,000 more residents have or ever had the disease now than 10 years ago.
The connection to soda
The Department of Public Health released data in 2012 on several chronic diseases and risk factors. In many neighborhoods where people were more likely to drink at least one soda or sugar-sweetened beverage daily, they were also more likely to suffer from diabetes (at the time, the city rate was 12.3 percent). Only a couple of areas had rates of diabetes lower than the city average and an above-average number of soda or sugar-sweetened beverage drinkers.
Many of these areas with higher diabetes rates also had populations less likely to exercise or more likely to eat fast food. But much of the time, soda and sugar-sweetened beverage consumption correlated with a higher prevalence of diabetes.
Photo by: Provided Luke Miller was a member of Centennial High's archery team. Other Related Content Death of Centennial High student investigated
Haylie Denzer wants the world to know that whoever picked on Luke Miller didn't know the person that they and many others did.
“He was helpful and had such a big heart and cared so much. For a kid of such a good nature to have to go through this and lose their family and lose their lives. They didn't deserve that and whoever did this must not have thought it through. They obviously didn't see the kid that everyone else saw. They were such a bright and shining light that brought smiles to everyone's face,” they said.
Denzer said she's heard that they were punched or beat up but the details of when and where are unverified. Champaign police began investigating Sunday. No arrests have been made.
“The one person to clear it all up paid the price for it, unfortunately,” said Denzer, a wise-beyond-her- years 16-year-old Centennial High School junior who described Luke Miller as the “brother I never had.”
As soon as they and their teammates arrived back in Champaign on Saturday afternoon from an archery tournament in Chicago, they and their parents, Daryn and Julie Denzer, decided they needed to be at Barnes Hospital in St. Louis with the Millers, close family friends for years.
“I've known Luke since I was in the seventh grade and they were in sixth. It was their first year in archery at Jefferson. We were good friends back then but our relationship became like brother and sister in high school and we got very close within the past two years,” they said. “His parents are basically my parents, too.”
If they were being bullied, Denzer said, it was not something they talked about with them
“Once in a while people would pick on them for what they wore. I never knew it was to the extent they would be beat up. I never knew they were battling that. They held it in and I wish they hadn't. It's hard to distinguish when a person is OK and when they are not and they seem perfectly fine,” they said.
“Once in a while I could tell it was bothering him, getting to him,” they said, counseling them that such taunting comes with the territory in high school. “I myself have gone through name calling in middle school.”
Denzer talked to The News-Gazette as they were on their way to a meeting with archery teammates at Kenwood School on Sunday afternoon. They intended to assure them that they were at peace.
“I just want to be support for other people. I was fortunate to be able to support and see them (in St. Louis). He's with God. He's a big believer and had faith. They were resting and no hurt can come to them where they are now. I just want them to know they are OK.”
“I want everyone to know how good of a kid they were and how much they wanted to help everyone. When they would stand at the line and a little kid next to them was struggling, they would stop and help. They were coaching on the line.”
“He cared. They had such a big heart and they still do where they are now. He's going to create some good change for other kids' lives who come through these high school doors,” Denzer said.
Turkish ISIL agent charged with running underage Syrian prostitution ring
Dinçer Gökçe
The ISIL members are being tried in connection to a deadly March 20 attack in the Central Anatolian province of Niğde. DHA Photo
A Turkish man, who is allegedly involved in the trafficking of jihadists on the Turkey-Syria border, has also been accused of forcing Syrian refugees into prostitution.The case has come to light as part of a 17-folder file in the case that was opened after the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's (ISIL) March 2014 attack on gendarmes in the Central Anatolian province of Niğde, which includes additional charges against 11 suspects, Hürriyet has learned.One of the suspects, the 29-year-old Ahmet Yumuşak, is charged with forcing underage Syrian refugees in Turkey to prostitution in the southern province of Hatay. In their phone calls, wiretapped by Turkish law enforcement officers, Yumuşak discusses prices with their “customers,” adding that “the 16-year-old one is terrific.”Ayhan Orli, another suspect in the 17-folder case who is currently on the board of an association called the Syria Turkmen Community, is charged with sending to Syria aluminium powder, a material that can be used in explosives.According to the criminal file, an officer from Yayladağı Police Center in Hatay cooperated with Orli in smuggling out 50 kg of aluminium powder to Ahrar ash-Sham, a jihadist group in Syria.The case originally had three foreign ISIL militants as suspects, who were directly involved in the killing of a Turkish gendarmerie soldier and a police officer in Niğde last year, according to the prosecutor.The main perpetrator was identified as Chendrim Ramadani, a Swiss national who was first reported as being from Kosovo. Benjamin Xu, a German citizen, and Mohammad Zakiri, a Macedonian, have also been caught alongside Ramadani.The next session of the trial is set to be held in Niğde on March 5.
Work has begun in Japan on what is expected to be the world's largest floating solar farm, according to Japanese electronicsfirm Kyocera, which is spearheading the effort. Japan is facing an increasing need for alternate forms of energy following the 2011 disaster at the nuclear power plant in Fukushima. Land is inherently in short supply, which is why the country is keen on developing floating solar plants . Although water and electricity can make for a dangerous combination, the technology to build atop water is not particularly challenging, industry analysts say, but it is more expensive than building terrestrial solar farms. The power plant is being built on a reservoir in Japan's Chiba Prefecture, not far from Tokyo. It is expected to produce enough power for 5,000 households when completed in two years.
Upspin
When did you last…
download a file just to upload to another device?
download a file from one web service just to upload to another?
make a file public just to share it with one person?
accidentally make something visible to the wrong people?
Upspin is an attempt to address problems like these, and many more.
Upspin is in its early days, but the plan is for you to manage all your data—even data you've stored in commercial web services—in a safe, secure, and sharable way that makes it easy to discover what you've got and who you've shared it with.
If you'd like to help us make that vision a reality, we'd love to have you try out Upspin.
Upspin is an open-source project that comprises two main design elements:
a set of protocols enabling secure, federated sharing using a global naming system; and reference implementations of tools and services that demonstrate the capabilities.
Using these elements as building blocks, Upspin provides a global name space for all your data and the power to expand that space to include services such as sensors, social media, and more.
To get started, download the Upspin client and follow the signup process.
Documentation
The Documentation page holds annotated links to the rich documentation for Upspin, which includes everything from user guides to details about the design and implementation.
Community
Upspin is an open source project with a growing community of users and contributors. These resources support the open source project and point to things such as the GitHub repository, mailing lists, user forums, and so on.
Augie
The Upspin mascot, Augie, watches over the project and its community. The Mascot document introduces them and includes downloadable images and usage information.
It would be great if I could share a self-congratulatory tale about how I overcame the bonds of prejudice (against gays, women) with great moral courage and fortitude. Unfortunately, my tale reads something closer to the famous poem by Martin Niemöller:
First they came for the Socialists, and I did not speak out–
Because I was not a Socialist. Then they came for the Trade Unionists, and I did not speak out–
Because I was not a Trade Unionist. Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out–
Because I was not a Jew. Then they came for me–and there was no one left to speak for me.
For as much as I trumpet about gay rights and so forth, I have not always been this way. In fact, I recall very specifically telling my gay cousin as well as a gay Facebook acquaintance some very hurtful things. Looking back, I'm not sure how either of them tolerated me in the slightest. I wasn't saying anything like Westboro would say, but in my ignorance, I did my best to subvert hard evidence in order to maintain my position of agreeing with what I thought the Bible said.
By 2011, I had reversed my position on evolution from my days as a Creationist of sorts. I was also in something of a Libertarian mindset, so if I remember right, I had already decided that gay marriage should be legal. Still, I was morally against gay marriage; it was not my business, but if you asked me privately, I would still offer you excuses for why it was wrong. I'll avoid reciting any of those excuses so no one has flashbacks to hurtful conversations.
And, of course, my church at that time mostly agreed with me on this issue — not so much on evolution or how to treat the Old Testament. But I was naive, and I didn't understand how exclusionary cultures worked. My church was an Acts 29 church, and there was some talk about “open hand” and “closed hand” issues. The “open hand” issues were ones on which we could agree to disagree between the laity and the leadership. The “closed hand” issues were not up for discussion; if you were to disagree, perhaps you should look elsewhere for a church.
I thought I was safely inside the “open hand” since I had discussed whether I would be welcome at the church whenever I first joined. But as my participation and influence in the church grew, I became a problem. It also grew evident that my belief in evolution may actually have had implications for those “closed hand” issues, what with my metaphorical/mythological interpretations of the Old Testament. I remember my ex-fiancee growing absolutely livid that I didn't think Ruth or Boaz actually existed, and of course my church was no help to me and branded me as “dangerous” for my beliefs.
And so, as the story goes, the church all but kicked me out, eventually, and then the pastor tried to put a knife in my back as I left, “warning” other pastors about me. (In a delightful fit of irony, this actually directly resulted in the church's demise through no action of my own, but the details of that are somewhat private.) As a result, I still have a hard time going to church — Post-Traumatic Church Syndrome, as some are calling it — even when I enjoy the service and the people.
What strikes me, though, is that not only had this church, which had planted itself in the heart of the gay community in Houston, alienated me, it had also alienated the entire culture around it, and it had done so deliberately. Almost all of us drove in from elsewhere. I lived fairly close with a 15-20 minute drive, but even the pastor had nearly twice the driving distance. Everyone came so far just to preach a message hostile to its surroundings. With misguided intentions about evangelism and “mission,” which seems to be church-speak for cultural imperialism, we all drove in to be a “light in the darkness.”
Now we didn't talk about LGBT issues often, if at all, but if you were to ask the pastor, they would tell you unequivocally that it was a sin. They might have tried to be nice about it, but this much is lipstick on a pig. And whereas in a suburban church, LGBT issues might be the furthest thing from your mind outside a select few times when something happens in the news to rile the conservatives, at this church, it hovered over us like a fog.
So my eventual betrayal reads like another verse before the end of the poem.
Then they came for the gays, and I did not speak out–
Because I was not gay. Then they came for me–and there was no one left to speak for me.
Not a single person from the church stuck up for me when I had to depart. When I warned others of what the pastor had done, they were all with him. Everyone either abandoned me or tacitly accepted the pastors' actions. And while I certainly don't blame myself for what happened, I realize now that the way in which they abandoned me was how I had abandoned the LGBT community: with silence and self-justification through dogma.
They say experience is a dear teacher — but only fools learn from none other. I was the fool, here, and I should have refused to participate in yet another exclusionary system. It took having my entire world shaken from its foundations to wake me up to the reality of my exclusionary and harmful beliefs.
I share this to warn others who would be like me. What would happen if you changed your opinion about a key issue? You say that would never happen, but then you learn something, and it does, so unless you plan on living in a hole or never learning anything, you can bet it will happen. Would the people who now call you friend abandon you? It has happened to me and to countless people like me.
Sure, you could trade up to another exclusionary church that accepts whatever new beliefs you have, but isn't that missing the point? Find people who encourage you to learn and to thrive as a human being, not who want you to be just like them. Don't wait until it's too late, until they have come for you, to realize that what is going on around you is not okay. Don't be like me.
Advertisements
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Kelvin Eugene Singleton in a photo from WNCT
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Kelvin Eugene Singleton in a photo from WNCT
WNCT -
MERRY HILL, N.C. (WNCT) - The unclothed, headless body of a man found last Thursday in Bertie County has been identified as an escaped inmate.
26-year-old Kelvin Singleton's partially decomposed body was found decapitated Sunday off Ashland Church Road in Merry Hill.
The Bertie County Sheriff's Office said Singleton escaped from the Chowan County Jail in March.
Singleton used a weapon-like tool made from their toothbrush and forced an officer to release him.
Singleton was in jail on armed robbery and kidnapping charges, while also facing several charges in Charlotte including assault with a deadly weapon.
The Bertie County Sheriff's Office and the SBI are investigating this case as a homicide.
If you have any information concerning this investigation, you are asked to contact Bertie County Sheriff John Holley at (252) 794-5330.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter Day Saints, also known as the Mormon Church, preaches a rejection of homosexuality unless members remain celibate for life.
The religion also rejects the children of gay parents, unless they actively disavow their parents' “lifestyle”, and has been linked to a number of dangerous gay ‘cure' practises.
Earlier this year, Mormon leader David A Bednar, who sits on the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, insisted that the church has no gay members.
They said: “First I want to change the question – there are no homosexual members of the Church. We are not defined by sexual attraction… we are not defined by sexual behaviour. We are sons and daughters of god and all of us have different challenges in the flesh.”
Bednar insisted homosexual “afflictions” don't constitute a sexuality, because Mormons will try to cure them.
But in a surprise move this week, the Mormons launched a website aimed at converting gay people.
The Mormon and Gay website initially appears gay-friendly, but digging slightly deeper it actually claims to be able to help Mormons “manage their same-sex attraction” – code language used by gay ‘cure' practitioners.
It insists: “The attraction itself is not a sin, but acting on it is. Even though individuals do not choose to have such attractions, they do choose how to respond to them.”
Elder Dallin H Oaks confirmed the Church would not be softening its anti-LGBT doctrine.
They said: “There is no change in the church's position of what is morally right.
“What is changing and what needs to change is helping church members respond sensitively and thoughtfully when they encounter same-sex attraction in their own families, among other church members, or elsewhere.”
A hate crime law in Utah was recently blocked after opposition from the Mormon Church.
In 2014, two Mormons released a photo book showing them having fully-clothed simulated sex, to mock the institution that they were brought up in.
A federal court ruled Friday that the Internal Revenue Service has not yet demonstrated that officials stopped targeting Tea Party groups in a decision that excoriated the tax agency for its "discriminatory" treatment of conservative organizations.
"This is a blistering rebuke to the IRS and its defenders," Walter Olson, senior fellow at the Cato Institute Center for Constitutional Studies, said of the court's ruling. "It takes on squarely the defense the IRS had raised in this case which is, 'Whatever happened, we promise not to do it again.'"
"The court goes through and systematically takes that apart in a way that's very damaging to the IRS's overall defense," they added.
The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, often considered the second most powerful court in the country, reversed two decisions made by lower courts to dismiss lawsuits against the IRS for the targeting of two conservative groups, Linchpins of Liberty and True the Vote.
In reviewing whether to support the tax agency's claim that the targeting practices had ended, the court noted "it is absurd to suggest that the effect of the IRS's unlawful conduct ... has been eradicated" when the two conservative groups in question still had their delayed applications pending before the IRS.
The IRS had argued before lower courts in two separate lawsuits that the cases should be thrown out because officials had taken steps to end the "unequal" handling of Tea Party groups' applications for tax-exempt status.
But the circuit court stated repeatedly in the 22-page ruling that the IRS's actions "continue to affect" groups that still have not received a decision on their applications to become nonprofits.
The tax agency did succeed in persuading the three-judge panel that no individual IRS employees should be held legally accountable for the conduct that landed the agency before the court. IRS officials did not unlawfully disclose taxpayer information, the panel concluded.
Beyond the politically motivated delays imposed by the tax agency, the court focused on the intrusive questions asked of Tea Party applicants, such as demands that such groups provide "Internet passwords and user names, copies of social media and other Internet postings and even the political and charitable activities of family members."
Join the Map Playtest Group
Posted by Hugh 6 years ago
That pretty map you have been playing on? That expression of the blood, sweat, tears and hard work of one of the awesome UWE mappers? Once upon a time, it wasn't quite so pretty. No matter the skills of our mappers, sometimes, little things slip through. Props can be left out of Perforce (our art asset version control system), holes can be left in maps, occlusion hint geometry can be misaligned.
The consequences of a map mistake getting into public Steam builds would be catastrophic. Oceans could rise, skyscrapers fall, and puppies become mildly confused. A thin, ambiguously coloured line stands between you, the player, and those potentially cataclysmic misaligned pieces of whosawhatsit geometry. The map playtest group.
Every Tuesday and Thursday, at 1600PST/1900EST/midnightUTC, the maptest group strides forth into unreleased levels and conducts rigorous scientific testing (blowing each other apart). Under the leadership of the revered WasabiOne, They give feedback on map balance, framerates, layouts, missing geometry, and the trim job on Wasabi's ‘stache.
Now, you have the opportunity to join this crew. See pre-released maps, give input that will determine how they will play, and have great fun playing NS2 in an organised environment. Joining is simple: Email maptest@unknownworlds.com with an expression of interest. You will get a questionnaire to fill out, and if successful in your application, will be given access to private maptesting builds of the game.
The few, the proud, the gorgeous of the map playtesting group are generally competitively minded, willing to commit time regularly, friendly and above all in possession of a large number of ‘plays well with others' skill points. If you think you've got what it takes to save Earth from certain destruction, join now!
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Vanilla.
The Kremlin denies that national security adviser Michael Flynn talked about Russian sanctions with the country's ambassador to the U.S., Reuters reports. | Getty Report: Kremlin denies Flynn and ambassador discussed lifting sanctions
The Kremlin is denying that President Donald Trump's national security adviser, Michael Flynn, discussed lifting sanctions on Russia with the country's ambassador to the U.S., Reuters reports .
Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, has seen their standing with Trump become tenuous in the wake of reports last week that they discussed the Obama administration's sanctions against Russia with the ambassador, Sergey Kislyak, before Trump's inauguration and misled Vice President Mike Pence about it.
Story Continued Below
Flynn and Pence had both publicly denied that Flynn's discussion with Kislyak involved the sanctions, but reporting in The Washington Post, The New York Times and other news outlets indicate that Flynn and the ambassador did, in fact, discuss them, a break with precedent that some experts say might be illegal.
Intelligence officials reportedly have a transcript of some of the conversation. It is unclear whether Flynn and the ambassador talked about the sanctions broadly or if Flynn said anything specific about ending them.
Cooler Master announce their C700P and H500P cases
Cooler Master announce their C700P and H500P cases
| Source: Cooler Master Author: Mark Campbell
Cooler Master announce their C700P and H500P cases
At Computex 2017 Cooler Master are celebrating their company's 25th anniversary, revealing redesigned classics like the Cosmos and the HAF to deliver modern features while maintaining their iconic design features.
With the C700P users will be greeted with a removable motherboard tray that can be removed and even be rotated to provide a very different internal layout. Users will also be able to install most of their hardware as if they were using an open air test bench, making the build process much simpler.
This chassis also feature a cleaner external design aesthetic, with a smooth front side panel and two curved tempered glass windows. The C700P also has four USB 3.0 ports at the front of the chassis as well as a single USB 3.1 port and comes with an internal RGB controller to control the illumination of the chassis.
Moving onto the H500P it is clear that this chassis is designed for high airflow scenarios, just like the original HAF series cases, with this new offering coming with dual 200mm RGB fans as intakes and support for a large range of fans and water cooling radiator configurations.
This case will come with a two-part PSU cover and a tempered glass side panel, ensuring that the chassis always looks clean and tidy, with the chassis coming with room for up to two 200mm fans at the top of the chassis for maximum airflow. Water coolers will be glad to know that this case will support up to a 280mm or 360mm radiator at both the front and top of the case, giving users more than enough space for the most powerful of water cooled systems.
Both of the fans that are pre-installed in this system offer RGB functionality, with support for 4-pin RGB inputs to allow them to be controlled externally using motherboard software tools like Mystic Light and ASUS Aura.
You can join the discussion on Cooler Master's new C700P and H500P cases on the OC3D Forums.
1 - Cooler Master announce their C700P and H500P cases 2 - Cooler Master announce their C700P and H500P cases «Prev 1 2 Next»
Most Recent Comments
An obscure Pentagon office designed to curb the flow of illegal drugs has quietly evolved into a one-stop shop for private security contractors around the world, soliciting deals worth over $3 billion.
The sprawling contract, ostensibly designed to stop drug-funded terrorism, seeks security firms for missions like "train[ing] Azerbaijan Naval Commandos." Other tasks include providing Black Hawk and Kiowa helicopter training "for crew members of the Mexican Secretariat of Public Security." Still others involve building "anti-terrorism/force protection enhancements" for the Pakistani border force in the tribal areas abutting Afghanistan.
The Defense Department's Counter Narco-Terrorism Program Office has packed all these tasks and more inside a mega-contract for security firms. The office, known as CNTPO, is all but unknown, even to professional Pentagon watchers. It interprets its counternarcotics mandate very, very broadly, leaning heavily on its implied counterterrorism portfolio. And it's responsible for one of the largest chunks of money provided to mercenaries in the entire federal government.
CNTPO quietly solicited an umbrella contract for all the security services listed above – and many, many more – on Nov. 9. It will begin handing out the contract's cash by August. And there is a lot of cash to disburse.
The ceiling for the "operations, logistics and minor construction" tasks within CNTPO's contract is $950 million. Training foreign forces tops out at $975 million. "Information" tasks yield $875 million. The vague "program and program support" brings another $240 million.
That puts CNTPO in a rare category. By disbursing at least $3 billion – likely more, since the contract awards come with up to three yearlong re-ups – the office is among the most lucrative sources of cash for private security contractors. The largest, from the State Department's Bureau of Diplomatic Security, doles out a $10 billion, five-year deal known as the Worldwide Protective Services contract.
CNTPO is "essentially planning on outsourcing a global counternarcotics and counterterrorism program over the next several years," says Nick Schwellenbach, director of investigations for the Project on Government Oversight, "and it's willing to spend billions to do so."
For the vast majority of people who've never heard of CNTPO, the organization answers to the Pentagon's Special Operations Low-Intensity Conflict Directorate, within the Counternarcotics and Global Threats portfolio. It's tucked away so deep, bureaucratically speaking, that it doesn't actually have an office at the Pentagon.
The organization, run by a civilian named Mike Strand, has been around since 1995. In 2007, it made a big push into contracting, hiring the Blackwater subsidiary U.S. Training Center as well as defense giants Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, Raytheon and ARINC for "a wide range of Defense counternarcotics activities," according to a statement provided to Danger Room by the agency. That award, which has doled out $4.3 billion so far, is the precursor to the current bid.
Maybe that's why an "Industry Day" last week at a Fredericksburg, Virginia hotel to introduce CNTPO to would-be contractors attracted "approximately 180 companies," CNTPO boasts.
CNTPO might not be well-known. But in some circles, it's infamous.
In 2009, a bureaucratic shift plucked the responsibility for training Afghanistan's police out of the State Department's hands. Suddenly, the contract – worth about $1 billion – landed with CNTPO. CNTPO quietly chose Blackwater for the contract, even though Blackwater guards in Afghanistan on a different contract stole hundreds of guns intended for those very Afghan cops.
The incumbent holder of the contract, Blackwater competitor DynCorp, protested. It didn't help that a powerful Senate committee discovered Blackwater's gun-stealing antics. In December, DynCorp finally received the contract – administered by an Army office, not CNTPO.
But that hasn't stopped CNTPO's expansion. In its new contract, the office explicitly stakes out a broad definition of its mandate: "to disrupt, deter, and defeat the threat to national security posed by illicit trafficking in all its manifestations: drugs, small arms and explosives, precursor chemicals, people, and illicitly-gained and laundered money." It declares its practices "beyond traditional DoD acquisition and contracting scopes."
How broad is that in practice? Tasks contained in the CNTPO contract range from "airlift services in the trans-Sahara region of Africa" to "media analysis and web-site development consultation to officials of the Government of Pakistan."
The small agency is "worldwide," the contract says, as "the primary regional areas of interest include Central and Western Asia, Sub-Sahara Africa, and Central and South America." But its contracting oversight efforts are comparatively local.
According to CNTPO, oversight for its contracts are themselves outsourced to an Army Contracting Command outfit in Hunstville, Alabama. CNTPO "provides all contracting support for this effort, with 10 contracting officers/contracting specialists and legal/policy review of all contracts and task orders," CNTPO's statement reads, with "program management and customer support requirements" provided by CNTPO itself. That's 10 bureaucrats to review billions of dollars in private security contracts, spent all over the world.
A member of the Wartime Contracting Commission, created by Congress to stop war profiteering, came away from an interaction with CNTPO concerned about that level of oversight.
"The overriding consideration tends to be helping the military with their mission," says commissioner Charles Tiefer, a law professor at the University of Baltimore who interviewed CNTPO officials about the Afghanistan police contract. "Economies for tight supervision of private security activities take a back seat."
CNTPO's rise underscores an emerging trend in private security contracting: a move into some of the most sensitive missions the military performs. Mercs protect the bases in Afghanistan where U.S. Special Operations Forces live and work. When soldiers are taken prisoner, hired guns are entrusted to rescue them. Their tracking technology finds terrorists for U.S. commandos to kill. Now they're training foreign commando forces.
"These are special-forces operations, and they're best left in hands of our SF folks," Schwellenbach says. "This stuff isn't delivering paper clips or even fuel or bullets. It's complex, sophisticated services, and there's a reason we have Special Forces do this kind of training, not the regular Army. This is something you really want to keep a tight lid on."
Photo: Noah Shachtman
Most school districts and police agencies have changed their policy of “run and hide” because recent events demonstrate that an active school shooting continues until stopped by law enforcement or other intervention. The response is now “run-hide-defend.” But how are students supposed to defend themselves in these situations? Throwing books and school supplies at an active shooter is not a realistic solution.
Turtle Boards are designed to provide students with a sense of control over their daily environment. TURTLE BOARDS ARE A LEVEL 3 BARRIER; THE SAME LEVEL OF PROTECTION USED IN MOST BANKS AND CAPABLE OF STOPPING MULTIPLE SHOTS FROM A .44 MAGNUM. Students already face enough pressure at school. Fearing a school shooting shouldn't be one of them.
For more prototype tests, check out our Youtube Channel!
The design of our skateboard is a throwback to the skate culture of California when skaters rode in empty swimming pools. The old school shape appeals to skaters that like to carve and go fast.
We took the design one-step further and used two separate clear panels so that you could put your pictures, artwork, design or whatever between the panels to customize it anyway you want. We then added colored LED lit wheels that are visible through the board while you ride.
But what makes this board truly unique is that it is bulletproof, capable of stopping multiple rounds from a .44 Magnum, making it the perfect shield in the event of a school shooting. The question is, if there was a school shooting, do you want to be the kid with a bulletproof skateboard, or the one without it?
I am a 19 year old college student from Newport Beach, California. I am a former Newport Beach Lifeguard, and have always been concerned about the safety of others. I started college shortly after the shooting at UCLA. My roommate James and I were discussing all of the recent school shootings, and we asked: “What would we do if there was an active shooter on campus?” I said to him: “It's too bad your skateboard isn't bulletproof because you always have it with you … and it would make a great shield.” That gave me the inspiration for Turtle Boards.
Why this product is so unique.
I started this project with two goals in mind (1) to create a truly bulletproof skateboard to relieve the anxiety and lack of control that students feel because of the increase in school shootings and (2) to make a skateboard that is rideable and totally unique. Everyone told me it couldn't be done. Level 3 barriers, used in most banks, must be capable of stopping three .44 Magnum bullets (each of which is twice as heavy as a 9mm and moves significantly faster). Level 3 glass laminate is almost 2 inches thick, extremely heavy and very expensive, making it unusable for a skateboard deck.
I began extensively researching methods of dispersing the energy of a bullet on impact. Who knew the science I learned in high school would be useful? What I came up with is a multi-layer process using various clear materials that is just a half an inch thick and only weighs 4 lbs. The board is thin, rigid and light, perfect for riding, but can also stop three bullets from a .44 Magnum! And, because there are two clear panels, you can put your stickers, pictures or artwork between and totally customize your board. You can also add our transparent colored acrylic top panels for an even cooler affect.
Our trusted manufacturing partners need a minimum financial commitment from us to get started on a larger manufacturing run. This is why we have set our funding goal to $50,000. Once we hit our funding goal we can place a larger order enabling us to pass the saving on to you, our amazing supporters.
Our hope is to get these skateboards into the hands of as many students as possible. If we can save just one life with this incredible bulletproof skateboard, then this project will have been a success. Thank you!
We want to thank all of the people that turned this project into a reality: SimpliMotion; FT3 Tactical; Mark Anderson; Officer Frank Trabbie; Officer Michael Long (retired); Greg “Beatsmith” Morgan; James McBride; and the members of the Newport Harbor Surf Team – Gavin Kane, Eva Ozimec and Braydyn DeLeeuw.
I just noticed Tyler Cowen had blogged a Boston Globe article about the number of loanwords in various languages (is there something from the press Cowen will not blog ?), and their own take was to ask, which major language has the lowest percentage of foreign loanwords ? They seem to think Chinese could be one, but many people in the comments section (correctly) reject the suggestion. Here I talk about “Japanese-made Chinese words”.
(1)
There are two basic kinds of loanwords amongst languages : the “conventional” one where both the meaning and the form of the word are borrowed simultaneously ; and the other where the meaning is borrowed but the form is “translated” into indigenous roots — or “calque“.
In the “conventional” loanword, the borrowing is usually apparent because the original form hasn't changed too much. English, a world champion importer and exporter of words, contains tens of thousands of Latin and French borrowings whose appearance is only slightly modified, such as guarantee and importance. In more recent borrowings, English hardly bothers even with perfunctory transformation, e.g., tsunami and angst. Likewise, languages like Turkish and Indonesian don't invent new words for “electromagnetism” ; they only modify the word to reflect the local difference in pronunciation and spelling standards.
But in calque languages, the loanwords tend to be invisible. An example is the Russian самолёт (samolyot “self-flight” or airplane), which looks and sounds purely Slavic. Both Russian and German are abundant in calques, but not as much as Arabic, a language which on first appearance seems to lack any foreign loanwords. In fact its abstract vocabulary is heavily borrowed from classical Greek (and later the modern western languages), but the actual words were calqued from Semitic roots. Sometimes the borrowing first took place in Syriac, which lent to Arabic.
English and the Romance languages normally do not create calques from indigenous roots, but they still have thousands of “classicising” calques — neologisms built on Greek or Latin roots which were not found in the original languages. Thus microscope is created entirely out of Greek parts, viticulture from Latin, and automobile, a miscegenation of Greek and Latin.
(2)
Most people are aware that Classical Chinese stands in a similar relation to Japanese and other East Asian languages, as Greek and Latin have stood to the modern European languages. Japanese has borrowed thousands of whole words of Chinese origin, but using classical Chinese roots the Japanese have also come up with calques called wasei kango (和製漢語) or “Japanese-made Chinese”. A pretty basic example is the formal Japanese word for car, or jidosha (自動車 or “self motion vehicle”) — which is almost exactly parallel to the classicising calque automobile. (That set of characters is not used in Chinese to denote “automobile”. {Edit: 29 March 2017: an acerbic commenter says this is not true.}
Since the Japanese were the first in East Asia to adopt Western knowledge and technology on a large scale, they had to find equivalents of new words by the thousands in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. A great many of these were “borrowed back” by the Chinese. According to this source,
Chinese reform leader Kang Youwei 康有為 once said: “I regard the West as a cow, and the Japanese as a farmhand, while I myself sit back and enjoy the food!'” Early Japanese translations made large numbers of important scholarly works and concepts from the West widely available to Chinese audiences; the Chinese felt that Japanese was an “easier” language than Western ones for a Chinese to learn. The Qing court sent increasing numbers of students to Japan – 13,000 in 1906. Between 1902-1904, translations from Japanese accounted for 62.2 per cent of all translations into Chinese. The great majority of these works were themselves translations from English and other Western languages..
But because the Chinese language has its own way of pronouncing Chinese characters that's different from Japanese, the reborrowed words may sound completely different and many Chinese people may not even know these had been first coined in Japan.
Here is a very short list of “Japanese-made Chinese” words which did get exported to Chinese [source]:
telephone, train or tram, electron
chemistry, physics, biology, astronomy
philosophy, history
library, art, religion, comedy, symphony
system, industry, corporation, market, international
communism, communist party, proletariat
people's republic
Notice the word “philosophy”, which may surprise some people because, after all, wasn't classical Chinese civilisation full of philosophers ? Yes, but beware of anachronism ! We moderns find the similarity, but East Asians, when first confronted with European philosophy, considered it something quite different from Confucius et al.
Basically, a great many modern words in Chinese related to science, technology, government, and commerce, as well as abstract western concepts which may not have had an exact equivalent in East Asia, trace back to late 19th and early 20th century coinages in Japan. An article in a modern Chinese newspaper would be impossible without these Sino-Japanese calques.
In some cases, the Japanese went looking in ancient Chinese texts for words with similar but not identical meanings, and resurrected them by giving them modern, western significance. These include : society, capital, revolution, economy, law, science, election, heredity, literature, etc. There are also some pure Japanese words written in Chinese characters that were borrowed.
But the “glamour words” are not the extent of it. I was completely surprised to learn that Chinese appears to have borrowed a range of fairly mundane phrases or compounds from Japanese. Some examples include “new products appearance”, “shopping district”, “low birth rate”, and “housekeeping”. The nature of the Chinese character system implies that a new phrase or compound is almost a low-grade invention, because there's no inevitable way such words must be formed.
(In Korean, the situation is more complicated, since it has heavy influence from both China and Japan. In short, the Korean language has directly borrowed Chinese loanwords, “Korean-made Chinese” words, “Japanese-made Chinese” words exported to Korea, European words converted into Japanese form and then exported to Korea, etc.)
Japanese used to have a lot of Portuguese and Dutch loanwords as a result of contact with traders starting in the 16th century, but most of those are now obsolete. One major survivor is the Japanese word for bread (パン pan), which is derived from the Portuguese pão. I'm convinced, though I can't prove it, that the knowledge of the Luso-Japanese word pan was the impetus behind the Chinese translation of “bread” as mian bao (lit. “wheat bun”, simplified 面包 traditional 麵包). The fact that bao sounds like pan is pure coincidence, and its character has been used in words referring to various kinds of filled buns for a very very long time. But the main reason I believe in the pan-bao connexion is that in some other Chinese languages (e.g., Wu or Shanghainese, and Min Nan or Taiwanese) the second character would be read as pao or pau. Technically, /b/ and /p/ are voiced and unvoiced variants of the same sound. Vietnamese, I believe, also uses a cognate of mian bao, especially in reference to that headcheese-on-baguette sandwich, whose choice might have been influenced by the French pain. I could be completely wrong, but it would be neat if all this were true !
(3)
Speaking of bread… The point of the above is that Japan has been the intermediary for the diffusion of Western modernity in East Asia. And that also shows up in bread, or rather bakery items in general. Anyone who has been to East Asia knows it's full of bakeries and patisseries just like this (image source):
In such places the delicacies on offer include familiar western staples, like croissant, baguette or strawberry shortcakes, which are western, but with localised taste ; and various semi-traditional pan-Asian buns filled with bean paste or chestnut purée. But there are also many hybrid pseudo-western bizarreries, with no equivalent elsewhere in the world, such as :
The above is Japan's answer to both China and the West : fried noodles in a hot dog bun. More specifically, the noodles are yakisoba, itself a very modern interpretation of fried noodles dating from the early 20th century, one of whose principal ingredients is … Worcestershire sauce, or, rather, the Japanese version of it. The green bits are dried seaweed flakes (actually algae, but that's being pedantic). This alarming combination of starches probably emerged after the war with the American occupation, but I'm not sure.
But Japan's caricature of globalisation is surely the karei pan, or bun filled with Japanese “curry“, covered in breadcrumbs and deep-fried :
The breadcrumbs are panko, the coarse type preferred by the Japanese which has become inexplicably trendy in many western countries. The British pseudo-Indian “curry” was most likely an import along with many other semi-western dishes that are mainstays of Japanese dining today. The Japanese twist on “curry” is primarily that it's a roux of starch and palm oil, made from dissolving the semblance of a chocolate bar in water, into which miscellaneous detritus are then introduced.
Bakeries like the above are ubiquitous in East Asia, and they are imitations of the Japanese bakery model, so to speak. It would also seem, the Japanese preference for ultra-refined white flour for making breads and pastries has been transferred to the rest of East Asia. The fashionable sort of “whole grain” breads mixed with twigs and birdseed that one finds at trendy locales in western countries, is not yet widespread. (Though brown rice is making a comeback in Japan.)
Speaking of both loanwords and food, one Japanese word that's not European-derived but was coined in response to industrialisation and later imparted to Chinese is ajinomoto (MSG powder ; Japanese 味の素 lit. “principle of taste”, Chinese 味之素). A Japanese scientist early in the 20th century had isolated umami, one of the fundamental tastes, and this was the basis of a major international food corporation, Ajinomoto, the world's largest supplier of MSG as well as aspartame. Since so much of East Asia's cuisines are based on exploiting and intensifying the naturally occurring glutamates in their ingredients, Japanese MSG played a major role in Asia's enormous processed food industry.
The history of MSG and its extremely widespread use in global food processing is something I consider a synecdoche of Japanese industrialisation, but that's a topic for another day.
Located just east of the island of Phuket, an island popular with tourists and estate owners, Rangyai is the largest island currently available for sale in the region. The island is close to both Phuket and Coconut Island both of which are home to numerous resorts, and are very popular with tourists. Ranyai Island is an advantageous position in the area, allowing the prospective owner to capitalize on the development potential of t ...
Located just east of the island of Phuket, an island popular with tourists and estate owners, Rangyai is the largest island currently available for sale in the region.
The island is close to both Phuket and Coconut Island both of which are home to numerous resorts, and are very popular with tourists. Ranyai Island is an advantageous position in the area, allowing the prospective owner to capitalize on the development potential of this property.
At 110 acres in size, the island comes complete with fresh water, electric generator, and mobile signal. The island is located only 20 minutes form Phuket International Airport and just 10 minutes by boat from the nearest town.
Much like its neighbour, Phuket, Rangyai Island is adorned by beautiful white sand beaches and lush tropical forests. In addition, given its advantageous location between the islands of Phuket, Krabi, and Phangna, the island benefits from incredible 360-views.
Private training college watchdog urged to crack down on 'spruikers' misleading potential students
Updated
Teachers and education advocates are warning of shonky operators within the private training college sector, saying the Federal Government needs to do more to get rid of "spruikers" manipulating and misleading students.
The Australian Skills Quality Authority (ASQA), which regulates Registered Training Organisations (RTOs), says it has received almost 4,000 complaints and conducted 3,000 audits since it was established in 2011.
There are more than 4,500 private training colleges in Australia and the number has been growing since the Federal Government extended student loans to the vocational sector.
But not everyone thinks the regulator is doing a good job, with teachers, advocates and other colleges telling the ABC calls to ASQA over quality have been falling on deaf ears.
ASQA chief commissioner Chris Robinson said some of their investigations could be lengthy but felt they had sufficient resources.
The Government has allocated an extra $68 million to the authority and vowed to clean up the training industry, but many in the sector say it could do more to improve processes.
In particular, private colleges are audited when they open but only every five years after that or in response to a complaint.
The method used to assess if applicants are "fit and proper" to run a college - and not formerly discredited owners - is a tick-a-box form that is not routinely checked.
There is also criticism that while ASQA regulates colleges it is the Federal Education Department that administers the VET-FEE-HELP student loans spurring growth in the industry.
'Spruikers' misleading vulnerable students, advocate says
Sally Thompson said they were offended both as an educator and Footscray resident when they saw disadvantaged students being recruited to training companies outside their local Centrelink office.
Ms Thompson is the chief executive of Adult Learning Australia, the peak body for adult and community education.
They said the promoted courses were expensive and not appropriate for long-term unemployed people with high needs.
"Our members often deal with people with quite low skills; they often deal with people with English as a second language, people with literacy difficulties and they've been telling us for a long time that they're just inundated with these kinds of spruikers," they said.
We've had a couple of providers that have gone to our website, copied our whole website ... then advertised our courses for VET-FEE-HELP. Training college owner Boyd Sparrow
"The spruikers tend to hang out in places where they think marginalised people will be."
Ms Thompson took a copy of a flier and was upset to find the company was falsely advertising free training courses with a free laptop as an inducement.
"I just thought they were really highly misleading and designed to fool people into purchasing a product under false pretences," they said.
"There were very big letters saying 'zero fees upfront' - no mention at all that the person will be hit with a debt of $10,000 at the end of this program."
A small asterisk indicated enrolment was subject to being eligible for VET-FEE-HELP training loans.
"Now most people who are English as a second language learners, or most people outside the field, wouldn't know what VET-FEE-HELP was, much less [that] you'll be saddled with a $10,000 debt.
"I thought these were quite outrageous and I thought some of the claims about the possible jobs people could get here were really quite manipulative as well."
The fliers claimed students could become an assistant manager in any industry.
"Now the chances of someone who is unemployed doing a six-month, very low amount of hours course and then ending up as an assistant manager in an industry is really nil to none," Ms Thompson said.
"I felt that was really deeply misleading."
Ms Thompson said even people who worked in the industry found it complex and were often unaware of the network of marketing companies recruiting students to other training organisations.
Ms Thompson filed a formal complaint with ASQA in July. It was received but they have heard nothing about the investigation.
"My belief is the Government has created a honey pot of public money and they've set up a very small bureaucracy to deal with the rush of people heading in to gather that money," they said.
Company's website ripped off twice
Boyd Sparrow and their partner set up distance training college Sand Goanna in 2009 because they wanted to get quality employees for their tourism business.
Their business name and information has been misappropriated twice by unscrupulous companies.
"We've had a couple of providers that have gone to our website, copied our whole website, then pasted our website onto another website, then advertised our courses for VET-FEE-HELP," they said.
"The reason we caught it out is we don't actually have VET-FEE-HELP funding."
The company had to get lawyers involved to get other companies to cease using their name.
It did not stop their reputation being damaged among employers.
They now have to scan the internet every day to check their details have not been stolen.
"If it's happening to us then it's happening to multiple RTO's out there."
Mr Sparrow said ASQA had gone some way to tightening up the industry but more could be done.
"It's common knowledge that they're under-resourced," they said.
A particular problem was that ASQA did not control VET-FEE-HELP, which is administered by the Federal Department of Education.
"When it comes to funding and getting payments that's a separate government organisation and I guess the problem is it falls outside ASQA's jurisdiction.
"We have a few providers in the industry at the moment that are doing the wrong thing and as a result it reflects poorly on the people doing the right thing."
350 colleges cancelled, suspended or refused registration: ASQA
Mr Robinson said the regulator has cancelled, suspended or refused the registration of 350 colleges since 2011.
"We've been very busy and we've taken strong actions against that minority of RTOs that are poorly compliant with the required standards,'' they said.
"I would say the training sector is in better shape than it was in the past."
Mr Robinson said one third of complaints were dealt with inside a month, one quarter went through a lengthy investigation process and one quarter were unsubstantiated.
Sometimes people were unhappy with the length of the investigation or the final outcome.
They said the regulator had more than 70 audit staff and brought in extras when needed.
Mr Robinson said ASQA could audit a college at any time, not just after five years.
"In fact increasingly we audit people outside of the registration cycle," they said.
"When we have complaints about RTOs or other concerns about them we can go in and audit them straight away and at any time during their registration. Some RTOs we will audit several times."
They said the fit and proper person declaration form was a legally binding document.
"ASQA applies a risk-based approach to assessing fit and proper person declaration responses," Mr Robinson said.
"If through an assessment or other means ASQA becomes aware that information on the form may be deliberately false, misleading or missing it will take action."
The Government is also tightening up rules around VET-FEE-HELP.
"We have powers too which are going to be increased shortly to be able to make sure they're dealing with VET-FEE-HELP in a proper way so that proper information is disclosed to students and they know what they're signing up to," Mr Robinson said.
Topics: education, education-associations, university-and-further-education, government-and-politics, australia
First posted
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Exeter City defender Christian Ribeiro has announced their retirement from football.
The 27-year-old, who made over 70 appearances for the Grecians, has been forced to call time on their playing career due to a knee injury.
Ribeiro left St James Park in 2016, and signed for League One side Oxford United, but only made 17 appearances for them.
Playing predominately as a right-back, Ribeiro made 188 career appearances that also saw them play for the likes of Scunthorpe and Bristol City.
(Image: Pinnacle)
The Welshman signed for City in 2014, and would score six goals for the club, and quickly became a fan-favourite.
“It has been really, really tough ; the hardest decision I have ever had to make,” Ribeiro spoke about their decision.
“But I have to do what is right in the long term and therefore, sadly, I am going to have to hang up my boots.
“I have always given my all for the team throughout my career but unfortunately over the past couple of months since incurring an issue, I knew that something wasn't right.
“I was playing in severe pain and really struggling to recover. The medical team here (Oxford) have been brilliant but eventually it got to the stage where I had to see a specialist and unfortunately the damage was worse than we had hoped.
“There have been many highs and lows since I started playing, with so many great memories. The opportunity to represent my country being right up there at the top, and I will always treasure those.
“At the same time, I now move on to a new chapter and must figure out what I do next. I have a number of options to deliberate over before making the next step and to start again.”
Mike Ditka tells us @POTUS is doing great and will be better than Obama who did nothing as President! — Bernie and Sid Show (@bernieandsid) February 2, 2017
Mike Ditka tells us sports journalists who call for #TomBrady to denounce their support of @POTUS are a-holes! @sidrosenberg @BernieMcGuirk — Bernie and Sid Show (@bernieandsid) February 2, 2017
Pro Football Hall of Fame coach Mike Ditka had some strong words for former President Barack Obama and San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick.
In an interview Thursday on "The Bernie and Sid Show" on WABC Radio in New York leading up to the Super Bowl, the legendary coach discussed their support of President Donald Trump and the criticism New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has received for not openly doing so.
"I think these people are -- can I say this? -- that they're a-------," Ditka said.
KS Man Wins Super Bowl Tickets for Life After Finding Golden Bud Light Can
NFL Commissioner Confirms George H.W. Bush to Flip Coin at Super Bowl
The 1985 Super Bowl champion went on to say that Obama provided "no leadership at all" to America during their eight-year term.
"If they (Trump) can screw it up half as much as Obama, I'll be surprised," Ditka said.
They also shared their thoughts on Kaepernick, who made headlines this NFL season for taking a knee during the national anthem.
"He'd (Kaepernick) be a complete unknown without the game of football. … And not to respect that, you've got to be a pretty unintelligent person," the coach said.
Magazine Cover Portraying Trump's Head with Gun Target on It
WATCH: Bieber & Dancing Caveman 'Gronk' Team Up in Super Bowl Ad
Spanish Nun: Virgin Mary Wasn't a Virgin
Professor: Brady's Trump Support Is More 'Un-American' Than Kaepernick
Also enjoy this YouTube compilation of Ditka rants from their coaching career. Listen to the clips, here.
I thought I'd put up a quick post with an interesting chart that might provide some food for thought. Considering the volatility in the past few days that was created by the surprising results of the “Brexit” referendum where the U.K. voted to leave the European Union, I thought this might be a timely topic to think about. In the past I've discussed how sometimes even the largest cap stocks can get mispriced from time to time (see here and here).
I was preparing a slide presentation recently for a friend of mine at Google who is in charge of a value investing club for Google employees (and also the person who organizes the outstanding Investor Talks at Google series). One of the topics I was commenting on was the idea that even large cap stocks can get significantly mispriced from time to time. Some people refer to this concept as “Time Arbitrage”—basically being able to look out 2-3 years when much of the market is focused on the next quarter or two. I think this behavioral concept is the largest advantage that individual investors have—should they choose to capitalize on it.
Large caps might often seem fairly priced (or “efficiently” priced). But taking a look at the fluctuations of the past year (which saw a 10%+ correction, but one that is not at all uncommon by historical standards), it is clear that there are potential opportunities that are served up by Mr. Market among even the biggest of all mega-caps.
It is interesting to note that as I updated this chart from the one I used in my presentation just two months ago, the top company on the list has seen its market cap decrease by roughly $100 billion and three other companies have seen their market values fluctuate by $30 billion or more—all in just two months.
Here is a chart of the top 10 largest companies in the S&P 500, and the percentage change as measured by its 52 week high vs. its 52 week low:
So the average gap between the yearly high and low price is nearly 50% for these ten mega-cap companies, or an average yearly change in market value of $130 billion. Pretty remarkable.
8 of the top 10 companies saw their market values fluctuate by $100 billion or more. Many of these businesses have very stable earning power with mature, slow-changing business models. It is remarkable to me that a company like Johnson and Johnson can see a $100 billion fluctuation in value between its 52 week high and its 52 week low. Of course, these fluctuations are often corresponded very closely to the fluctuations in the overall market, but the fact is that there is almost no chance that a company like JNJ is worth $225 billion in one month, and a few months later is worth $325 billion. There isn't that much that changes in the course of a few months in most companies of this size.
It should be said that this doesn't mean that one of these two prices represents a big discount to fair value, it just means that if you sift through even the largest index of stocks (the S&P 500), there are bound to be some fantastic bargains from time to time—even in the largest companies in the world.
As I mentioned in the post on Einhorn's book, I can categorize market inefficiencies that come from two main sources (there are others, but these are the primary two sources in my experience): Disgust and Neglect.
Companies that get neglected (or haven't been followed in the first place) are where many opportunities come from. These are often the small or micro-cap companies that can be discovered by diligently turning over rocks.
The large cap companies are not neglected by any means, but they can occasionally become just as mispriced through disgust, or pessimism. The ability to adopt a frame of mind that focuses on a longer time frame (and the variables that impact the outcome over such time frame) is what is required to capitalize on this category of mispricing.
There are obviously opportunities in smaller companies that are several magnitudes greater than in large caps, but my general point in displaying the largest companies is really just to demonstrate that even the stocks of the biggest companies can get mispriced by a not-so-insignificant degree at times.
John Huber is the portfolio manager of Saber Capital Management, LLC, an investment firm that manages separate accounts for clients. Saber employs a value investing strategy with a primary goal of patiently compounding capital for the long-term.
John also writes about investing at the blog Base Hit Investing, and can be reached at john@sabercapitalmgt.com
Do you want to build a website without hiring a developer? A drag and drop WordPress page builder makes it easy for you to create and customize beautiful websites all on your own.
In this article, we'll compare the most popular drag and drop WordPress page builders, so you can choose the best WordPress page builder for your needs and start creating your site.
Using a WordPress Page Builder
While it's easy to find a WordPress theme that adapts to your workflow, the customization options on most themes are limited. Unless you're a developer, you can't make significant modifications to your theme design.
This is where a WordPress page builder comes in. A drag and drop WordPress page builder plugin lets you create custom layouts for your website the way you want. Basically: if you can imagine it, you can now create it (even if you're not tech savvy!).
Let's take a look at what you should keep in your mind when comparing the best WordPress page builders, so you can choose the right one for your needs.
Compatibility:
If you're not interested in changing your existing WordPress theme for a page builder plugin, then the first thing you need to check is whether the builder you want to use is compatible with your WordPress theme.
If you find any compatibility issues, then you might want to use a builder-compatible theme for your site. Most builders in this article are compatible with all themes.
Features:
You need to understand the unique quality of each builder when comparing the features. For example, some builders are shipped with a lot of built-in layouts while others offer dozens of animation effects.
Responsiveness:
You need to make sure that the page builder you choose allows you to create responsive, mobile-friendly, layouts out of the box. For your convenience, every page builder we've listed in this article lets you create mobile-friendly layouts.
SEO:
You need to make sure that your page builder is creating SEO friendly layouts. Luckily all page builders listed in this article are 100% SEO friendly when combined with the Yoast SEO plugin.
Now, let's take a look at the best drag and drop page builder plugins for WordPress.
Beaver Builder is one of the best drag and drop WordPress page builders. It gives you the ability to create a website the way you want without knowing any coding skills. You can drag and drop to build beautiful pages with ease.
Beaver Builder comes with dozens of gorgeous page templates, so you can easily kickstart your design without starting from scratch. You can choose a template, replace the images and text with your own, and then hit publish.
Beaver Builder works with any WordPress theme giving you full control over your content. The best thing is, even if you stop using the plugin, your content gets ported to the WordPress editor. With the pro plan and above, you'll get beautiful Beaver Builder compatible themes that allows you to modify your styles with the native WordPress Customizer.
Get started with the Beaver Builder today.
The Divi Builder is a powerful WordPress page builder that lets you build any type of design on your website with drag and drop. The Divi Builder is made by Elegant Themes, a renowned WordPress themes and plugins company.
The Divi builder works on almost any WordPress website. It gives you endless possibilities to create the most advanced layouts without having to touch a single line of code.
The plugin is bundled with 46 builder modules, 20 row types, and 3 section types, all of which can be combined and arranged to create just about any type of website. With its advanced design settings, you can customize every element to a great extent.
That being said, if you want to make real-time changes on the design, then you might want to use the Divi theme. With the theme, you can build your page with the frontend editor, so your pages can be updated right from the frontend without having to switch back and forth from your dashboard to your website.
Get started with the Divi Builder today.
Elementor is the first free and open source advanced page builder for WordPress. With its quick drag and drop builder, you can make instant page edits from the frontend of your site. Elementor is well-known for its high speed performance, which makes it fun and easy to build with.
With its extensive template library, you get hundreds of beautiful WordPress templates by their top-notch designers, which can be exported to different websites through the page builder.
Elementor supports responsive mobile-friendly design, allowing you to build web pages that work great on any device.
Some other cool features of Elementor are:
Canvas : You can build a brand-new landing page without header or footer, optimized for high conversions.
: You can build a brand-new landing page without header or footer, optimized for high conversions. Maintenance mode : For maintenance, you can get your site offline with its built-in maintenance mode.
: For maintenance, you can get your site offline with its built-in maintenance mode. Zapier integration: Integrating your website with a third-party web application is a breeze using its Zapier integration.
Get started with Elementor today.
The Themify Builder comes with a drag and drop interface that helps you create any layout you can imagine with ease. The builder comes with over 60 prebuilt layouts and animation effects that you can choose from. This means you can quickly build beautiful pages without having to start from scratch. All you have to do is simply import the layouts you want to use, replace the images and text, and you're done.
The builder comes as a standard feature for all Themify themes. You can also use their builder plugin with any third-party WordPress theme.
From the compact backend interface, you can use the drag and drop feature to build modules quickly and easily. In the frontend, you can preview the design and make live edits to your modules.
To enhance the capabilities of the Themify Builder, you can find tons of different addons which can be purchased separately or as a bundle.
Get started with the Themify Builder today.
Thrive Architect is a page builder that's built for conversion-focused websites. Thrive Architect is developed by the same folks behind Thrive Themes, a company that sells conversion oriented WordPress themes and plugins.
Thrive Architect is shipped with a drag and drop editing tool and 271 prebuilt landing page templates.
With Thrive Architect, you can quickly create a stunning homepage, sales page, blog posts, and everything you could ask for.
To purchase Thrive Architect, you can either get a single site license for $67 or subscribe to the premium Thrive Membership that gives you access to all Thrive products for $19 per month.
Get started with Thrive Architect today
SiteOrigin is one of the most popular WordPress page builders in the WordPress repository, with over a million active installs. With SiteOrigin, building a responsive, column-based content is a breeze. Your content will adapt to all devices, regardless of its screen resolution.
The SiteOrigin builder works seamlessly with your existing WordPress widgets, so you can add your favorite widgets to the websites you build. The builder works perfectly with any WordPress themes. The best part about SiteOrigin is that you can find a lot of neat compatible WordPress themes built by the same folks behind the SiteOrigin plugin.
The flexibility is one of the main benefits of the plugin. Using its advanced row builder, you can choose the exact number of rows for each column you add.
Get started with SiteOrigin today.
The WPBakery Page Builder for WordPress, formerly known as Visual Composer, is one of the most popular page builders in the CodeCanyon marketplace, a leading hub of premium WordPress plugins.
If you need a premium WordPress page builder that offers lifetime updates, look no further than WPBakery Page Builder. It comes with both frontend and backend editors, making content editing quick and easy.
The WPBakery Page Builder works seamlessly with popular WordPress plugins, including
Yoast SEO and WooCommerce. It is also compatible with powerful translation plugins such as Polylang and WPML, so you can easily build multilingual websites powered by the builder.
Get started with the WPBakery Page Builder today.
Which WordPress Page Builder is the Best Choice?
Almost every builder plugin out there comes with a drag and drop builder on the backend and a live editor on the frontend. It's important to understand what makes each WordPress page builder unique.
After our comparison, we've found that Beaver Builder is by far the best drag and drop WordPress page builder. It comes with all the features that you need to build awesome website layouts. You can use its extensive collection of prebuilt layouts to quickly build a page from the ground up. After selecting the right layout for your site, you can customize the page the way you want.
We hope this article helped you find the best WordPress page builder for your needs.
If you enjoyed this article, you might also love reading how to make a WordPress website from the ground up.
Canada Takes Next Step Toward National Marijuana Legalization While the US federal government remains stubbornly opposed to legalizing marijuana, our neighbor to the north is increasingly interested in cannabis commerce and moving away from pot prosecutions.
Photo: Harrison Ha | Getty Images Photo: Harrison Ha | Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Canada Takes Next Step Toward National Marijuana Legalization 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Even as voters in more U.S. states approved legalized recreational marijuana this November – and 28 states have legalized medical marijuana – the federal government still lists marijuana as an illegal drug.
However, just north of the border, Canadian leaders have started moving in the opposite direction.
Justin Trudeau, the prime minister of Canada and leader of the Liberal Party, created a committee in the summer of 2016 to look into the issues surrounding making marijuana legal for recreational use across the entire country.
The panel recently submitted its findings. They call for a tightly controlled, heavily regulated recreational market that aims to provide adults who want to use cannabis a safe and legal way to buy it, while at the same time cracking down on the marijuana “black market.”
Related: How to Retain More Customers Without Spending a Dime
The panel, chaired by former Canadian Deputy Primate Minister Anne McLellan, wrote in its report that if put into action their recommendations will “strike a balance between implementing appropriate restrictions, in order to minimize the harms associated with cannabis use, and providing adults access to a regulated supply of cannabis while reducing the scope and scale of the illicit market and its social harms.”
Trudeau has said they expect to file legislation based on the panel's recommendations in the spring of 2017.
Different approach in Canada.
In the U.S., some in the marijuana industry have voiced concerns about President-elect Donald Trump's position on legalized marijuana, particularly since their nominee for attorney general, Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, have been a vocal opponent of legalized marijuana.
In Canada, the Liberal Party has taken a clear stance on making recreational marijuana legal. On the party's website, it states: “We will legalize, regulate, and restrict access to marijuana.”
“Canada's current system of marijuana prohibition does not work,” they further state. “It does not prevent young people from using marijuana and too many Canadians end up with criminal records for possessing small amounts of the drug.”
Related: The Next Entrepreneurial Gold Rush
The party hopes that legalizing recreational marijuana will reduce the amount available to young people and also keep the profits “out of the hands of criminals.”
Getting there, according to the panel, will take a great deal of work on the part of the national government.
Key recommendations.
The lengthy panel report focuses on taking a public health approach to regulating legalized marijuana. In doing so, the panel considered health issues such as chronic use of marijuana, mixing it with abuse of other substances (such as alcohol) and young people having too much access to cannabis. They also took into consideration the dangers of interaction with the illicit marijuana market.
Some of the key recommendations include.
Regulating advertising so it will not appeal to young people, or associate marijuana with use of other substances such as tobacco or alcohol
Set the legal age limit at 18
Requiring packaging that clearly states what the product contains, including strain of cannabis and amount of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the ingredient in marijuana that causes the “high”
Conducting sales only through specialty stores licensed by the government
Homeowners could have up to four cannabis plants, and individuals could carry up to 30 grams in public
Creating a “seed-to-sale” tracking system for recreational cannabis production
Extending the restrictions on public smoking of tobacco products in Canada to include cannabis
Strengthening penalties for selling cannabis outside the legal system
Related: Entrepreneur.com Staffers Pick Their Favorite Solutions of 2016
While the panel concludes that creating a government-run infrastructure for cannabis sales will take time and effort, they conclude that “Canada is well-positioned to undertake the complex task of legalizing and regulating cannabis carefully and safely.”
Related:
Canada Takes Next Step Toward National Marijuana Legalization
Thomas Jefferson University Receives $3 Million Marijuana Research Grant
Survey Finds Oregon Residents Support Banks Working With Marijuana Industry
Copyright 2016 Entrepreneur.com Inc., All rights reserved
Hindus to return to Pak after PTI comes to power: Imran Khan
Pakistan's opposition leader Imran Khan has said that the Hindus who fled the country after being persecuted will return home if their party comes to power. "I am hopeful that people from Hindu community, who had fled Pakistan after facing atrocities, would return when Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaaf (PTI) comes to power," they said. Khan was addressing protesters in front of the parliament here last night as part of daily routine since launching protest on August 14 seeking ouster of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Pakistan's opposition leader Imran Khan has said that the Hindus who fled the country after being persecuted will return home if their party comes to power.
“I am hopeful that people from Hindu community, who had fled Pakistan after facing atrocities, would return when Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaaf (PTI) comes to power,” they said.
Khan was addressing protesters in front of the parliament here last night as part of daily routine since launching protest on August 14 seeking ouster of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
On the forced conversions, Khan said, “I feel sorry that Hindus and Kalash communities were forced to embrace Islam which actually was against the spirit of our religion.” They said Muslims spread Islam through their good conduct and not through the use of force.
Khan said the minorities would be given protection, justice and equal rights as per the vision of the founder of the nation Muhammad Ali Jinnah.
“We would empower the weak and give them protection,” Khan said while addressing the sit-in on 67th day.
The party also celebrated “minorities' day” at the Constitution Avenue where representatives from Christian, Hindu and Sikh communities were present. Their party also celebrated Diwali on the occasion with Hindus.
–PTI
07Over the past several months I have written about the difficulty the Fed will have in raising interest rates given the amount of excess reserves in the system. By “difficulty” I mean the need to utilize different (and quite untested) tools than have been used in the past. Here are parts I, II, and III.
Until I explored this topic of how the Fed will increase rates I had only read about this concern from Dr. North, and even then I did not understand the whats or whys. This is not to say that there was not more out there, just that I hadn't seen it.
Money and Power: How G... William D. Cohan Best Price: $0.85 Buy New $9.76 (as of 12:25 EST - Details) While I watch or read almost nothing of the mainstream business news, even here I have not seen any mention of this issue – only bated breath while waiting for the omnipotent Fed to speak. I have seen more discussion on this recently, and more that adds to my understanding; therefore I have decided to revisit this topic.
Tyler Durden asks: what's the big deal about a 0.25% rate increase? They set the stage by pointing directly to the interest on excess reserves (IOER) (emphasis in original):
…the Reverse Repo-IOER corridor is the most important component of the Fed's rate hike strategy, one which better work or otherwise the Fed will be helpless to raise rates with some $3 trillion in excess liquidity sloshing around, and what little credibility it has will be gone for good.
It better work, or else the Fed is helpless.
What is a “Reverse Repo”?
The Fed uses repurchase agreements, also called “RPs” or “repos”, to make collateralized loans to primary dealers. In a reverse repo or “RRP”, the Fed borrows money from primary dealers. The typical term of these operations is overnight, but the Fed can conduct these operations with terms out to 65 business days.
The Fed would borrow money from primary dealers – its largest member banks, from whom the Fed bought (and still holds) junk securities. The Fed would borrow the money it created from nothing in the first place; the Fed would collateralize this borrowing with the same assets that it bought from the primary dealers in the first place. Think about the circularity of that!
The Fed uses these two types of transactions to offset temporary swings in bank reserves; a repo temporarily adds reserve balances to the banking system, while reverse repos temporarily drains balances from the system.
Tower of Basel: The Sh... Adam LeBor Best Price: $8.49 Buy New $6.00 (as of 12:35 EST - Details) Of course, today's environment is not one of “temporary swings.” The Fed has delivered a world comprised of significant excess reserves. This reverse-repo transaction would drain reserves; however, given the amount of excess reserves in the system this wouldn't seem to have much effect either way – at least not if done in relatively small increments (as would have always been past practice).
Repos and reverse repos are conducted with primary dealers via auction. In a repo, dealers bid on borrowing money versus various types of general collateral. In a reverse repo, dealers offer interest rates at which they would lend money to the Fed versus the Fed's Treasury general collateral, typically Treasury bills.
It is the dealers offering the interest rates at which they would lend to the Fed; this isn't the Fed setting rates, it is the Fed praying for rates. As the Fed is paying the dealers 0.25% on excess reserves, presumably the dealers would offer a rate not less than this. Call the starting point 0.26% (except now the dealers will hold an asset as collateral for the loan to the Fed that is something not-as-secure as a deposit with the Fed).
But it seems clear that the Fed will not control the rate; the Fed can only control the nominal amount of securities offered to the dealers. The bidders will determine the rate they are willing to accept. The more the Fed offers to the market, presumably the higher the rate. As this is the case, the question is opened – how much liquidity must the Fed be willing to drain to move the rate up a quarter-point?
And for this, I return to Durden:
And much more importantly, what are the liquidity implications from such a move. For the answer we go to the repo market expert, Wedbush's E.D. Skyrm. Here are their thoughts: Where will General Collateral trade when the fed funds target range is moved 25 basis points higher to .25% to .50%? In the most simple method, GC has averaged about .15% for the past month, which implies a GC rate around .40% after the Fed move. However, given the unprecedented amount of liquidity in the financial system, there's a belief the Fed will have problems moving overnight rates higher. Dark Pools: The Rise o... Scott Patterson Best Price: $5.97 Buy New $10.57 (as of 06:05 EST - Details) In order to move GC 25 basis points higher, in a very rough estimate, the Fed needs to drain between $310B and $800B in liquidity.
Up to eight hundred billion dollars of liquidity drained for a 0.25% move! Not a very subtle policy tool.
So we come back to the interest paid on excess reserves (IOER). But apparently this isn't fool-proof either:
A significant portion of the U.S. financial system is comprised of money market funds, government-sponsored enterprises, hedge funds and other financial institutions which are not banks. Though they hold substantial cash, they cannot hold deposits at the Fed and earn the IOER. So if the Fed raised IOER, these cash-rich institutions might be willing to lend funds at rates below IOER, which could push the fed funds rate below the Fed's target—and indeed that's what's been happening over the past six years.
Broader financial markets are in control of rates, not the Fed. This is most certainly true in this time of unprecedented excess reserves.
Goldman Sachs both confirms and adds to the list of concerns about these two possible policy tools:
Given some limitations to both IOER and the RRP facility, the Fed will employ both tools in conjunction. The IOER function is constrained by limited counterparty eligibility, which is restricted to depository institutions only – the Fed cannot remunerate overnight deposits of money market mutual funds (MMFs) or government-sponsored entities (GSEs). The RRP facility, which has 145 eligible counterparties spanning primary dealers, banks, MMFs, and GSEs, will act as a more complete floor for overnight rates. However, the RRP facility also faces its own limitations: Fed leadership has communicated its discomfort with the facility's potential to attract too many flows during flight to quality episodes as financial intermediaries withhold wholesale funding and instead participate in RRP.
Broken Markets: How Hi... Sal L. Arnuk, Joseph C... Best Price: $9.53 Buy New $35.00 (as of 10:40 EST - Details) Can you imagine the money market funds flooding to the Fed next time the buck is about to break?
So why doesn't the Fed just drain the excess reserves and get itself out of this self-imposed hell? Goldman Sachs offers a politically safe answer (emphasis added):
Although the Fed has communicated its intention to reduce the size of its balance sheet over time and create a Treasury-only portfolio, we do not expect any actions to meet this intent any time soon. The Minutes of the July 2015 FOMC meeting indicated that “Participants generally favored continuing reinvestment during the early stages of normalization, initially using only increases in the target range for the federal funds rate to reduce monetary policy accommodation.” Fed officials have communicated their concerns that asset sales pose the risk of sending unintended hawkish policy signals, along with the potential to create unexpected financial market reactions. Accordingly, we do not expect any balance sheet normalization until mid-2017.
I don't think the financial market reactions to this are “unexpected”; the reactions are at best unknown, and at worst…bad. Basically, the Fed doesn't want to drain liquidity because the Fed doesn't want to drain liquidity – this is the Goldman analysis.
I offer my reason, and it is two-fold: first, the non-treasury assets (meaning the mortgage-backed securities and other garbage bought by the Fed to bail out the banks) – despite presumably carrying coupons of better than the 0.25% IOER – are not wanted by the banks. This suggests that, even after six years of asset price inflation, these assets are not yet worth what the Fed paid for them in the first place (if they are even worth much of anything). Second, the excess reserves provide systemic insurance – the excess liquidity provides a liquidity cushion in the system that was unavailable in 2008. With this insurance, I suspect that the Fed believes that markets will not be subject to the same daily meltdown of prices due to the lack of liquidity that occurred at that time.
How much liquidity will the Fed have to drain to achieve even a 0.25% short-term rate increase? What will be the impact of this (up to $800 billion) liquidity drain on financial assets? What will be the impact to other, longer-term rates? What will be the public reaction to and political fallout from an announced increase in the IOER?
These questions – none of which have ever been answered via prior experience – are behind the current conundrum in which the Fed finds itself. Who knows how they will be answered?
I can say with certainty: no one. We all get to find out together.
Reprinted with permission from Bionic Mosquito.
The Best of Bionic Mosquito
Fresh off the announcement of the P5+1 nuclear deal with Iran, Secretary of Defense Ash Carter issued a statement declaring the US to be “prepared and postured” to attack Iran on Israel's behalf whenever it decides to do so.
Carter insisted military options would be used to “bolster the security of our friends and allies in the region, including Israel,” and that tens of thousands of US ground troops in the Gulf region are going “full speed ahead”in that direction.
Carter is planning to visit Israel next week, something the White House is touting as proof of US military cooperation with Israel. With Israel railing against the nuclear pact, the idle talk of a US attack was seen as an effort to placate Israeli leadership that the deal doesn't necessarily foil their efforts to spark a war with Iran.
At the same time, it's virtually unthinkable that the US would actually sign a deal with Iran one day and attack them the next, irrespective of the more pro-Israel narrative such claims put forward. The posturing on about the threat to attack both harms Iran's trust that the deal is sincere and is ultimately dishonest, since the US naturally isn't going to attack Iran at this point.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
I'm currently on a mission to learn ember.js. This is my first attempt at frontend development and ember seems to be the new hotness so I figured I'd give it a shot. I'm building the backend api with Laravel. Out of the box, Laravel is pretty well-suited for building an api. However, after learning what json responses ember expects, I realized there was some work to be done.
The dilemma
I was reading through the ember rest adapter guide and came across the model relationship expectations. Ember expects something like the following.
{ "company": { "id": 1, "name": "Acme Company", "person_ids": [1, 2, 3] } }
Notice how the relationship ids are contained in an array. Ember does support sideloading models like below.
{ "company": { "id": 1, "name": "Acme Company", "person_ids": [1, 2, 3], "people": [{ "id": 1, "name": "David Adams" }, { "id": 2, "name": "John Doe" }, { "id": 3, "name": "Bob Smith" }] } }
The problem with this is that if your app is of any size, this isn't an option. Too much data would be loaded.
Laravel is awesome in that you can side/eager load models but there isn't an option for eager loading data outside of entire models. For example, the person_ids in our company models.
My first attempt
The very last section in the eloquent docs informs us that we can define custom accessors that don't have a corresponding column in the database. I thought I would use this feature to accomplish my goal.
class Company extends \Eloquent { protected $table = 'companies'; protected $appends = ['person_ids']; protected $person_ids; public function people() { return $this->hasMany('Person'); } public function getPersonIdsAttribute() { if (is_null($this->person_ids)) { $ids = DB::table('people')->where('company_id', '=', $this->id)->lists('id'); $this->person_ids = array_map('intval', $ids); } return $this->person_ids; } }
This accomplishes my goal....but there is one big problem. This solution has the N + 1 query problem. I'm adding a lot of database overhead with this approach. Every model retrieved will require one more query to get all of its data. This isn't optimal at all.
The solution
Rather than require a separate query made by php, it would be better to have sql handle that for us behind the scenes. It would be great to be able to use a sql view to read the data from instead of directly off of the table.
Fact! A sql view is basically a predefined query that is treated like table to read data from. You can create a view from a complex select statement that joins multiple tables and colums from different tables. Once created, you can select from the view, SELECT * FROM your_view_name .
I created a view with the following migration.
class CreateCompaniesView extends Migration { /** * Run the migrations. * * @return void */ public function up() { DB::statement("CREATE VIEW companiesView AS SELECT *, ( SELECT GROUP_CONCAT(DISTINCT id SEPARATOR ',') FROM people AS p WHERE p.company_id = c.id ) AS person_ids FROM companies AS c"); } /** * Reverse the migrations. * * @return void */ public function down() { DB::statement("DROP VIEW companiesView"); } }
This allows me to issue a query like SELECT * FROM companiesView and get the following resultset:
id created_at updated_at name person_ids 1 2013-11-10 06:29:48 2013-11-10 06:29:48 Acme Company 3,4 2 2013-11-10 06:29:48 2013-11-10 06:29:48 FooBar Industries 2,8,12
Now we need to figure out how to incorporate this view into our eloquent model.
Eloquent and views
We can't simply change the $table property on our model to the newly created view. Views cannot be written to, only read from. We need to provide the writable $table along with a $readFrom property where we can specify a view.
My first thought was to hook into the saving and saved eloquent model events to swap out the view for the real table when saving. I learned that the saving event isn't fired soon enough though. Eloquent has already built part of the query at that point.
Rather than using events, I decided to wrap eloquent with my own BaseModel class. This allows me to override the save() method and juggle the table/view before and after the actual save.
public function save(array $options = []) { $this->toWriteMode(); try { $saved = parent::save($options); } catch (\Exception $e) { $this->toReadMode(); throw $e; } $this->toReadMode(); return $saved; }
The toWriteMode() and toReadMode() methods simply swap the $table to the appropriate table or view.
Read only attributes
The next problem is figuring out how to handle these read only attributes, ie. person_ids. These values need to be attributes on the models but not saved to the database.
We need a way to cache these read only values, remove them from being attributes on the model, save the model, and then add them back after the model is saved.
//part of the BaseModel class protected $readOnly = []; protected $readOnlyCache = []; public function save(array $options = []) { $this->toWriteMode(); $this->cacheReadOnly(); try { $saved = parent::save($options); } catch (\Exception $e) { $this->toReadMode(); throw $e; } $this->toReadMode(); $this->restoreReadOnly(); return $saved; } protected function cacheReadOnly() { $this->readOnlyCache = []; foreach ($this->readOnly as $key) { $value = $this->getAttributeValue($key); $this->readOnlyCache[$key] = $value; $this->__unset($key); } } protected function restoreReadOnly() { foreach ($this->readOnlyCache as $key => $value) { $this->setAttribute($key, $value); } }
Sweet. Now in our model classes, we just need to provide an array of $readOnly attributes.
Putting it all together
With the creation of this base model class we can define a company model like below.
class Company extends BaseModel { protected $table = 'companies'; protected $fillable = ['name']; protected $guarded = ['id']; public function people() { return $this->hasMany('Person'); } }
There's absolutely nothing new in this Company class. It works just as you would expect. However, now we can extend this class to create an EagerCompany class.
class EagerCompany extends Company { protected $readFrom = 'companiesView'; protected $readOnly = ['person_ids']; public function getPersonIdsAttribute($ids) { return $this->intArrayAttribute($ids); } }
This class will read its data from the view we created earlier and we can save and retrieve it as normal. It will fetch our read only attributes and they will be handled appropriately when saving.
That new intArrayAttribute() method just converts the comma delimited id string returned from the view into an array of integers.
We have some options now. We can use the Company internally but if we need those extra read only attributes, say in an api response, we can use the EagerCompany class.
I found this to work quite well for getting a list of ids for relationships. I also plan to use this same idea for returning counts of relationships.
{ "company": { "id": 1, "name": "Acme Company", "person_ids": [1, 2, 3], "people_count": 3 } }
The base model
I've only shown you bits and pieces of this base model up until now. Here's the whole enchilada.
/** * Base model for allowing reads from sql views * * Class BaseModel * @package ProgrammingAreHard\Models */ abstract class BaseModel extends \Eloquent { /** * Writable table * * @var string */ protected $writeTable; /** * Read table/view * * @var string */ protected $readFrom; /** * Read only attributes (not to be saved) * * @var array */ protected $readOnly = []; /** * Cache for read only attribute values * * @var array */ protected $readOnlyCache = []; /** * Instantiate and set the table * * @param array $attributes */ public function __construct(array $attributes = []) { parent::__construct($attributes); $this->writeTable = $this->getTable(); $this->toReadMode(); } /** * Juggle the table and read only attributes * * @param array $options * @return bool * @throws \Exception */ public function save(array $options = []) { $this->toWriteMode(); $this->cacheReadOnly(); try { $saved = parent::save($options); } catch (\Exception $e) { $this->toReadMode(); throw $e; } $this->toReadMode(); $this->restoreReadOnly(); return $saved; } /** * Cache and remove read only attributes * * @return void */ protected function cacheReadOnly() { $this->readOnlyCache = []; foreach ($this->readOnly as $key) { $value = $this->getAttributeValue($key); $this->readOnlyCache[$key] = $value; $this->__unset($key); } } /** * Restore the cached read only attributes * * @return void */ protected function restoreReadOnly() { foreach ($this->readOnlyCache as $key => $value) { $this->setAttribute($key, $value); } } /** * Get the writable table * * @return string */ public function getWriteTable() { return $this->writeTable; } /** * Swap to the writable table * * @return void */ protected function toWriteMode() { $this->setTable($this->getWriteTable()); } /** * Get the readable table/view * * @return string * @throws \Exception */ public function getReadFrom() { if (is_null($this->readFrom)) { $this->readFrom = $this->getWriteTable(); } return $this->readFrom; } /** * Swap to the readable table/view * * @return void */ protected function toReadMode() { $this->setTable($this->getReadFrom()); } /** * Convert the value to an int array if needed * * @param string|array $value * @return array */ protected function intArrayAttribute($value) { if (is_string($value) and strlen($value) > 0) { $value = explode(',', $value); $value = array_map('intval', $value); } return is_array($value) ? $value : []; } }
The controller
Here's a very simplified version of my controller.
class CompaniesController extends \BaseController { /** * Display a listing of companies. * * @return Response */ public function index() { $res = new stdClass; $res->companies = EagerCompany::all()->toArray(); return Response::json($res); } /** * Display a single company. * * @param int $id * @return Response */ public function show($id) { $res = new stdClass; $res->company = EagerCompany::find($id)->toArray(); return Response::json($res); } }
I feel like this is a pretty good way to handle eager loading of non-model data. Maybe there's a better way to do this. I'd love to hear any ideas if you have some!
Google's Street View will soon provide virtual visitors a glimpse of the narrow stone-paved alleyways of Jerusalem's Old City and other tourist destinations in Israel
Google deploys cameras mounted on cars and other vehicles to take Street View's 360-degree images, which users of the Web site can then view by zooming in on any given point on a map.
New Initiative Anti-occupation protest on Street View? Ido Kenan, Ehud Kenan Israeli left-wing activists plan to take advantage of Google's obligation to announce location of camera cars two weeks before shooting Anti-occupation protest on Street View?
Outside Jerusalem's Old City walls on Monday, Google Israel's Managing Director Meir Brand announced that filming will begin in the next few months in Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, Haifa, and tourist attractions elsewhere.
"For the first time we can truly say Israel is on the digital map," Brand said.
Israel was concerned that the detailed photos could help terrorists plan attacks. Last month Israel announced that it had reached an agreement with Google on security and legal issues related to the project.
In addition to security concerns, it's not clear how some of the diverse religious groups in Jerusalem and Israel will react to being filmed.
"Our desire is to bring all of Jerusalem to Google Street View," Brand said. "We want to cover as many areas as we can."
Israel is the first country in the region to allow the service around its cities. Google also offers the service in Iraq's National Museum in Baghdad.
As far as mountains go, the Atapuerca Mountains in Spain aren't much to look at. In many places, they amount simply to scrub-covered, limestone hills rather than towering, craggy heights. If the mighty Rockies of North America could speak, they might very well be scoffing.
But at Atapuerca, the focus is more on the sediments below the ground than the rocks above it. The area is home to a treasure trove of buried archaeological riches: fossils and tools belonging to the earliest known species of ancient humans. Rightfully so, the United Nations and the World Heritage Organization have designated the archaeological sites at Atapuerca as protected World Heritage Sites, for providing "an invaluable reserve of information about the physical nature and the way of life of the earliest human communities in Europe."
The most famous site at Atapuerca, Sima de los Huesos -- "The Pit of Bones" -- is precisely that. Located at the bottom of a 43-foot chimney in the winding cave system of Cueva Mayor, it contains approximately 5,500 ancient human bones dated at over 350,000 years old! Now, drawing upon this piled wealth of history, Matthias Meyer, a lead researcher at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, and a team of colleagues has recovered and analyzed the earliest known human DNA.
DNA, as you may very well know, is the molecular instruction manual for how to build life, and the DNA at Sima de los Huesos is thought to belong to Homo heidelbergensis, a group of extinct humans roughly comparable in height and looks to Neanderthals. Drilling into a femur present at the site, the team collected about two grams worth of bone, then isolated DNA using a recently discovered method that employs silica to make the process more efficient. The team focused on the DNA contained within mitochondria -- the powerhouses of cells -- which holds vastly fewer genes than does nuclear DNA, which is contained within cells' nuclei. Because mitochondrial DNA is passed down exclusively from mothers, there are usually no changes from parent to offspring. This makes it a powerful tool for tracking ancestry, which is precisely what the researchers used it for.
After sequencing 98% of the mitochondrial DNA genome, Meyer and their colleagues estimated the specimen's age using the length of the DNA branch as a proxy. The femur clocked in at around 400,000 years old, placing its former owner in the Middle Pleistocene and making the DNA by far and away oldest human DNA ever collected. The previous record belonged to 100,000-year-old Neanderthal DNA.
The team then attempted to determine the specimen's position in the ancient human family tree and were surprised to find that the owner did not share a common ancestor with Neanderthals, but instead with Denisovans, a mysterious subspecies of human discovered in 2008 that last shared an ancestor with Neanderthals and Homo sapiens about one million years ago. Indeed, the more scientists discover about our prehistoric ancestors, the further they seem to fall down Alice's Rabbit Hole. Things just get curiouser and curiouser.
Meyer presented three possibilities that could account for the team's unexpected findings.*
"First, the Sima de los Huesos hominins may be closely related to the ancestors of Denisovans."
"Second, it is possible that the Sima de los Huesos hominins represent a group distinct from both Neanderthals and Denisovans that later perhaps contributed the mtDNA to Denisovans."
"Third, the Sima de los Huesos hominins may be related to the population ancestral to both Neanderthals and Denisovans."
Next up, Meyer plans to assemble nuclear DNA sequences from the specimens at the Pit of Bones in the hopes of learning even more about where they fit within the annals of human evolution. This will be a tall task, however. With a half-life of 521 years, DNA breaks down fairly rapidly even under the most optimal conditions: encased in glaciers or buried beneath arctic tundra, for example. Furthermore, with about 21,000 genes, human nuclear DNA presents a much more complex tome to completely piece together.
Source: Matthias Meyer et. al. "A mitochondrial genome sequence of a hominin from Sima de los Huesos." Nature. December 2013. doi:10.1038/nature12788
(Image: Javier Trueba, MADRID SCIENTIFIC FILMS)
*Added 12/4
Under fire from Democrats ahead of a key budget battle this week, President Trump lashed out on Twitter that a border wall will help stop drugs and gang members from getting into the U.S.
The tweet on Sunday comes as Democrats appear to be digging in their heels against providing funding for the wall in a spending bill needed to fund the government, which runs out of money on April 28. Democratic House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Sunday on "Meet the Press" that a wall is a "sign of weakness."
Trump responded on Twitter on Sunday that the wall is needed to help secure the U.S.-Mexican border.
"The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members," they tweeted.
Trump then tweeted a few minutes later that they aren't going back on their campaign promise that Mexico is going to pay for the wall. Democrats have chided Trump by saying that no taxpayer money should go towards it because of that promise.
Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 23, 2017
"Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed wall," they tweeted.
If there were a game tomorrow, Brandon Ritchie would probably be doing the kicking for TCU, coach Gary Patterson told reporters Monday.
The sophomore from Colleyville has been a touch sharper on field goals than Jonathan Song in the fall practices.
“We were 11 of 12 on Saturday, Song was the only guy that missed,” Patterson said. “I think Brandon outkicked them again today. Song was the starter up to the last three days, and now Brandon will probably be the starter tomorrow.”
Faulty field goal kicking played a part in three losses for TCU last season, which Song missed because of a quadriceps injury. In their place, Ryan Graf and Brandon Hatfield were 19-for-25.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
Song and Ritchie have been the top two competitors in camp. Ritchie has shown a bigger leg, but Patterson said they were not up to speed in conditioning early in camp because they didn't kick as much during the spring and summer, when their eligibility had yet to be certified. They were cleared last week.
Patterson said both kickers are hitting from 40-plus yards. Last week, both lined up for a 52-yard try and missed, but Richie's ball was only a little bit right and “could have been a 60.”
Last week, Patterson said kickoff specialist Cole Bunce also had been kicking well.
Patterson credited some of the kicking improvement to new long snapper Lucas Gravelle, a graduate transfer from Washington State who gets the ball to the holder quicker and more accurately.
SHARE COPY LINK The Horned Frogs coach gives some quick thoughts on Kenny Hill and backup Shawn Robinson.
Practice notes
Cornerback Ranthony Texada suffered a hamstring injury Monday, joining a list of injured players that includes defensive end Ben Banogu, linebacker-turned-defensive-end Ty Summers, linebacker Montrel Wilson, safety LaKendrick Van Zandt, running back Sewo Olonilua and cornerbacks Noah Daniels and Tony James.
Patterson said none, as of Monday, were in danger of missing the season opener, Sept. 2 against Jackson State. Defensive end Brandon Bowen is out for the season from an injury suffered before fall camp.
Needing more help at defensive end, the Frogs looked at L.J. Collier at the position Monday. Patterson said first-year student Dennis Collins played with the first unit since Banogu and Summers sat and Isaiah Chambers was missing after deciding to transfer.
Chambers, a redshirt end from Houston, posted on their Twitter account that they are returning home to be care for their aunt, who raised him, because they are ill.
Patterson reacted to the death of former Arkansas coach and athletic director Frank Boyles. “He's one of those guys, when you think football, you think Bear Bryant, Frank Broyles. Those are the kind of names that come up,” Patterson said. They added that their former defensive coordinator, Dick Bumpas, was particularly close to Broyles, having played for them in Fayetteville.
New Arcade Mode introduced at BlizzCon, with new rulesets including 1v1 and 3v3
Overwatch is getting another mode! It will partially replace and absorb Brawl, and also provide a whole lot more!
Blizzard's games are all very different, and yet very similar at the same time. Each game gets the same kind of dedication to the gameplay and art, but certain features can also be spotted multiple times. Recently, one of those features has been a dedicated wonky gamemode, often called Brawl or Arena.
While Overwatch had a Brawl gamemode at release, it never did fulfill its potential (except for the Lucioball and Dr. Junkenstein modes). Soon, you will get access to Arcade mode in Overwatch that hopes to raise the ceiling in all regards. It will have a variety of different variants:
1v1 Mystery Duel
3v3 Elimination
6v6 Mystery Heroes
6v6 All Brawls
6v6 No Limits
A whole new map exclusive to Arcade
New Brawl Modes
Let's go through the modes and see what they all do:
1v1 Mystery Duel
As the name suggests, this is a 1v1 mode. You go 1v1 with someone, best of 9 rounds, with the same random hero. May the best player win. Finally a place to challenge your friends or that cocky teammate/opponent you met in another match.
3v3 Elimination
This one is also pretty self explanatory, yet holds a lot of depth. Teams of 3 go head to head in elimination rounds Bo5. You can do this with friends or solo queue up, and have the freedom to pick whatever hero you want. However, the new hero limit is still in place meaning you can only have 1 hero per team. No 3 Bastions guys, sorry. There will be no hero switching per round and no respawning within a round, which is a new dynamic in Overwatch and should provide a lot of tense moments for the players and teammates spectating.
6v6 Mystery Heroes
Those of you who played a lot of Brawls before will recognize the term 'Mystery Heroes'. This used to be a Brawl Mode where you play a normal game but the hero that you play is picked for you and is switched every time you die. This makes building up ultimate's more difficult and survival paramount. Now, this gamemode will be permanently available, for the times you just don't know what to play.
6v6 All Brawls
This mode cycles through all the original brawl modes, as well as some new ones. This will be the meat and potatoes of the Arcade mode. If you want to Rule the Skies then go here, if you want to play any of the brawl modes that you already have (except the seasonal ones) then go here. You queue up and the mode cycles through the modes as you play, its like mode roulette. You don't know what you are going to get. Perfect for variation.
6v6 No Limits
It was announced that Quick Play will soon get the Hero Limit implemented as well. So, you are going to have to go to Arcade mode to play as more than 1 hero on a team, in this gamemode. You can solo queue this if you don't like the changes that Blizzard made to Quick Play. Or if you are with your friends and don't want to lose Volskaya Industries defence (6 Torbjorn), or play any other combination.
This will be just like Quick Play is now.
A New Map
Accompanying this Arcade mode will be new, smaller maps build for the different gamemodes like 3v3 and 1v1. The first new map is called Ecopoint: Antarctica and, unsurprisingly is Mei's home base, where they get to experiment with their icy technology.
Here you can see the names of what are presumably other Overwatch heroes, who could potentially be released later on. The biggest thing of note for this new map is that it seems to be exclusive to the Arcade Mode. Meaning it will be played on the 1v1, 3v3, and perhaps the 6v6 modes. But will NOT be in normal rotation, as far as we know.
Another note, this Arcade Mode will become active in PTR next week. You can start trying this out there, and it will make its way to the rest of Overwatch shortly after that. On top of the rest of these changes, Blizzard will keep adding more brawls. Not a lot of words on what those modes will be just yet, besides word of a Reinhardt and Lucio mode, and one that focuses on the Well round of Ilios exclusively.
If you are looking to get more rewards for your game time, you are going to want to play Arcade mode a bunch. For every 3 wins in Arcade you get a new loot box which is valid up to 9 wins and resets every week. That's 3 easy lootboxes every week, for those of you who like saving them or like to get a lot of them during Seasonal Events.
You can expect updates and more to the news coming out of Blizzcon from us shortly.
For more competitive Overwatch news, follow us @GosuOverwatch.
QUICKPOLL Do you think Quick Play should have introduced a hero limit? No
Thank you for voting! Yes, thank goodness it introduced it
Thank you for voting!
The province is now promising Hamilton's visibly under-construction GO station will open early — never mind just in time for the Pan Am Games.
The status of the $50-million station on James Street North has been an increasingly popular topic of debate as major construction continues with time ticking down to Hamilton's three-week soccer extravaganza in July.
Transportation Minister Steven Del Duca said in early June the station would be open in time for the Games — although provincial transportation agency Metrolinx clarified that likely meant one of two accessible platforms, with a temporary elevator if necessary.
The minister upped the ante for doubting Hamiltonians Monday, announcing on Twitter GO train service would now reach the station "4 days early: July 9!" — earning an array of supportive and disbelieving responses.
Mayor Fred Eisenberger — who earlier this month publicly mused about whether the station would be ready in time — thanked Del Duca and Hamilton MPP Ted McMeekin.
"I am ready to cut the Ribbon! Thanks for keeping #HamOnt on track!" they tweeted.
Another resident, going by the Twitter handle @DomCeleste, wryly suggested "ribbon cutters better be wearing rubber boots. Drive by on the weekend it looks nothing like the photo."
Work continued in early June on both train platforms, the still-skeletal towers linking train users to street level and the glass-heavy building itself.
Construction was delayed early on by the mistaken dumping of concrete into a city sewer and a delayed rebuild by CN of the nearby Bay Street bridge.
But a second phase of construction was always anticipated after the games, Metrolinx has said, to include a 300-spot parking structure and pedestrian bridge to Bay.
MADRID — It's official: For the first time ever, Guatemala is submitting a film to bid for a spot in the Oscars' foreign-language film category — and it's one of the most talked-up first features this year from Latin America at that: Jayro Bustamante's “Ixcanul” (Volcano).
A Guatemala-France drama-thriller sold by Film Factory, which jumped on the title when it played in rough cut at San Sebastian's Films in Progress, “Ixcanul” has already run up noteworthy kudos credentials: It won the Berlinale's Silver Bear Alfred Bauer Prize, then topped Guadalajara and Cartagena, Mexico and Colombia's biggest fests, respectively. It has also struck spirited initial international sales for Film Factory.
Described by Variety's Scott Foundas as “a transporting, hypnotically beautiful debut feature” and “downright Herzogian (far more Herzogian than Herzog's own ‘Queen of the Desert'),” “Ixcanul” is produced by Guatemala's La Casa de Produccion and Edgard Tenembaum's Paris-based Tu Vas Voir, whose credits also include Walter Salles' “The Motorcycle Diaries.”
The story of a young Mayan woman, living in a community of Kaqchikel-speaking coffee farmers, whose unwanted pregnancy brings them into final — and shocking — contact with the modern world they dreamt so much about, “Ixcanul” delivers a sucker punch about what Bustamante has called one driving theme of “Ixcanul”: the “impossibility of an underage woman, who is Mayan and lives far from a big city, to determine their own destiny.”
They added: “Mayans are found at the lowest point of this terrible scale, and the lowest among the Mayan population are women.”
Confirming speculation, the Oscar announcement was made at Guatemala's Unidad de Cine, part of the country's Ministry of Culture and Sports, just before “Ixcanul” unspooled in Guatemala at a gala screening.
Chairman Ben Bernanke is not calling for another fix to the economy by the Federal Reserve because he's already used up all the quivers in the Fed's bow, Rep. Ron Paul said Sunday.
Paul is a 2012 Republican presidential candidate and supports the U.S. returning to the gold standard to protect its currency and force a balanced budget. They have been highly critical of the Federal Reserve and its chairperson over plans for "quantitative easing," a two-part program which flooded the market with dollars in an attempt to make money more available for borrowing and lending.
Paul argued that Bernanke's plan to buy bank assets and drop more than $2 trillion into the economy did not yield the results the chairperson hoped, a conclusion that Paul says Bernanke implicitly acknowledged during a speech last week in which they offered no new bailout programs from the Fed.
"He really hasn't pulled back. Symbolically, they have and they are not having another QE3," Paul said. "But they have maintained a (view) to keep interest rates low until 2013. You can't keep interest rates low without monetizing debt because if somebody else doesn't buy it, they have to buy it. So he's continuously quantitatively easing."
Paul said that artificially holding down interest rates was instrumental in the housing bubble that burst in 2007 and sparked the economic meltdown from which the U.S. economy is still trying to recover.
More On This... Ron Paul: FEMA Is the Real Disaster
They said if government -- and its central bank -- stopped trying to bail out its friends, then the economy would soon return to normal.
"Let the people who live beyond their means, let them go bankrupt," they said. "Hands off, give us a sound currency, free up the markets. Property rights. Enforce contracts. Make sure people go bankrupt when they go bankrupt and don't bail out their buddies."
They added that one good thing out of Bernanke's speech is that they effectively returned the responsibility for the economy back to Congress and a fiscal approach.
"He at least sort of said, 'Oh, it's up to the Congress. It's all Congress' fault. They need to deal with it. So he's sort of throwing up their hands. But all they need to do is quit monetizing debt. Interest rates would go up and Congress would be forced to cut debt," Paul said.
Paul has been holding steady near the top of the polls for the Republican nomination despite being described as "unconventional" because of their libertarian streak. The 12-term Texas member of congress surmised that he's in vogue now because many Americans realize it's time to return to the principles on which the nation was founded.
"I'm fascinated with your word 'unconventional,'" they told "Fox News Sunday. "Isn't it strange that we can apply that word to freedom and liberty and the Constitution and limited government and a balanced budget?'
Paul said that while some question whether he's just in the race to be the "prophet" who guides the discussion, he's definitely vying for the actual job of president.
"I'm in it to win it. And you're absolutely right, I do say that I am more interested in influence and power. As a matter of fact, as president I would reduce the power of government. I wouldn't seek it. I would never take the power from the Congress. I would not go to war without
congressional approval," they said.
"I resent the power that has galvanized in the executive branch and in the judicial system and I would want to shrink the size of government," they added. "That doesn't mean I don't want to win. That means I want a new approach at least from current standards for the presidency."
Paul's approach to foreign policy has also been called unconventional, or in some circles, isolationist. They have opposed most wars launched by the U.S., saying that it leads to too many unintended consequences, and has harshly criticized U.S. participation in NATO military action against Libya.
Paul said that their approach to international relations rests on national security, not "pretending that we can pick the dictators around the world."
They added that the U.S. government should take cues from its military.
"The one telltale sign of the support I'm getting is because of my foreign policy. I get more donations from active military duty people than all the other candidates put together, which tells me a lot and tells the American people a lot," Paul said.
"Military people wanted to defend this country but they don't want perpetual war when they are
undeclared and you don't see the end and you don't know who the enemy is and it's too many
restrictions on how they retaliate against the enemies ... Our (National) Guard units should be here taking care of us when we have floods, but no, they're overseas and the military is worn out, it's time for a change if for no reason than we're flat out broke," they said.
LIVERPOOL facing Adelaide United in July is all but a done deal after SA government officials hosted the Barclays Premier League club's officials at Adelaide Oval last week.
Officials were spotted in an Adelaide Oval corporate box during the first cricket test when Australia played India at the iconic venue last week.
Sterling and Liverpool look headed for Adelaide. Source: AFP
They watched a DVD of Liverpool facing Melbourne Victory at the MCG in 2013.
Round 21 Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre
They appeared to be focused on the 95,000 plus crowds, armed with pens and taking notes about the event which drew worldwide acclaim.
It's understood an announcement with regards to the historic clash between the Reds and the Reds may coincide with the arrival of Liverpool legends Robbie Fowler, Didi Hamann and Jason McAteer in Adelaide next month.
The trio is booked to appear at the Arkaba Hotel on January 5 from 6pm for a meet and greet followed by a main show from 8pm.
Liverpool is expected to draw a record soccer crowd to Adelaide Oval which has a 53,500 capacity.
The Adelaide United and Melbourne Victory A-League clash at the oval drew an SA soccer record of 33,126 in the 1-1 draw in October.
The club houses some of the most popular players in football including skipper Steven Gerrard, Raheem Sterling and Mario Balotelli with Socceroos keeper Brad Jones currently the club's No. 1 shot stopper after manager Brendan Rodgers dropped Simon Mignolet.
While Liverpool's first visit to SA is imminent some of the planet's biggest clubs are already confirmed for a visit.
Manchester City, AS Roma and Real Madrid will face off at the MCG in the International Champions Cup Australia in July.
Football Federation Australia is also understood to be close to securing a European giant to face the Foxtel A-League All Stars in Sydney.
Arsenal was touted as a potential opponent while Tottenham Hotspur touring Australia is also on cards.
Napoli touring Australia was also in the pipeline.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is expected to impose sanctions on multiple Iranian entities as early as Friday following Tehran's recent ballistic missile test, but in a way that will not violate the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, sources familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
One source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said about eight Iranian entities were to be sanctioned, or “designated” in U.S. legal jargon, for terrorism-related activities and about 17 for ballistic missile-related activities under separate existing U.S. executive orders. The source declined to name the entities.
The sources said the new sanctions had been in the works for some time and that Iran's decision to test-fire a ballistic missile on Sunday had helped to trigger U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to impose them.
The White House signaled a newly aggressive stance toward Iran on Wednesday when Michael Flynn, Trump's national security adviser, made a statement putting Iran “on notice” for test-firing the missile and senior U.S. officials said the administration was reviewing how to respond.
The new sanctions may be the leading edge of a tougher policy but the sources stressed that the United States was imposing them in a manner so as not to conflict with the 2015 Iran nuclear deal under which Tehran agreed to curb its nuclear program in return for relief from economic sanctions.
Trump said earlier on Thursday that “nothing is off the table” in dealing with Iran following the missile launch, and their fellow Republicans in Congress said they would back them up with new sanctions.
Trump's comment was in response to a question about whether they would consider military options to respond to Tehran, a day after Flynn's comment about putting Iran “on notice.”
The sanctions are not likely to have much, if any, practical effect on the Iranian entities or on U.S. companies or individuals who are, with few exceptions, barred from dealing with Iran.
The sanctions are to be imposed under Executive Order 13224, which freezes the U.S. assets of entities or individuals who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism, and Executive Order 13382, which freezes the assets of weapons of mass destruction proliferators or their supporters.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani speaks during a news conference in Islamabad, Pakistan, March 26, 2016. REUTERS/Faisal Mahmood/File Photo
Given the long history of U.S. sanctions against Tehran dating to the 1979 Islamic Revolution, there are unlikely to be any assets under U.S. jurisdiction to be blocked.
However, the sanctions could have the effect of dissuading foreign companies from dealing with the Iranian entities who are designated, said Brookings Institution analyst Robert Einhorn.
Spokespeople for the White House, the State Department and the Treasury Department had no immediate comment.
Please Join the chat to improve this answer.
The merits of this answer is essentially that there are things unexplained, namely:
Why was molten steel and iron documented and observed? Why was nanothermite detected on the steel? Why would any steel from WTC-7 be melted, since it was not hit by a plane?
I'm also going to interject with my personal opinion here: I still remember watching the towers fall, one after another that fateful morning, and if someone were to ask me whether two towers fell from the airplane collisions and WTC-7 fell from the debris, I really do think that could have happened. But I would not be shocked if what others have put forward and I have compiled below is true - that more happened, and I feel this answer is worthwhile because it compiles the most credible opinions that should feed any skeptical mind.
It is worth starting this answer with a note that the essential conclusion of this answer is replicated in mainstream physics articles such as the following:
Europhysics News - 24 Aug. 2016
The article “15 Years Later: On the Physics of High-Rise Building Collapses" published in Europhysics News on 24 August 2016 states (emphasis added):
... The NIST reports, which attempted to support that unlikely conclusion [that a steel frame building collapsed from a fire], fail to persuade a growing number of architects, engineers, and scientists. Instead, the evidence points overwhelmingly to the conclusion that all three buildings were destroyed by controlled demolition. ...
While not a peer reviewed article, Europhysics News is:
the magazine of the European physics community. It is owned by the European Physical Society and produced in cooperation with EDP Sciences.
The authors are:
Steven Jones, a professor of physics at Brigham Young University
Robert Korol a professor emeritus of civil engineering at McMaster University
Anthony Szamboti, a mechanical design engineer of 20 years of structural experience
Ted Walter, a director of “Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth”
EDP Sciences, is a scientific journal publisher founded in 1920 on the study of physics and radiation.
So while it lacks the credibility of a peer reviewed article, it is — I would argue — adequately supported by credible experts and evidence to warrant further investigation, precisely as they conclude:
Given the far-reaching implications, it is morally imperative that this hypothesis be subject of a truly scientific and impartial investigation by responsible authorities.
A Snopes article offers a rebuttal on the basis that the EDP article mostly re-hashes debunked claims and is not peer reviewed. However: evidence of molten iron or steel features centrally in both the EDP article and the answer below, yet the Snopes article makes no mention of it.
Disclaimer on the answer below This answer relays observations and expert opinions related only to the narrow question of whether WTC 1, 2 and/or 7 were destroyed as part of a controlled demolition involving explosives. This answer does not comment on the possibility of any conspiracy or involvement of any government nor any other such speculation. Everything below is based on observed facts and credible expert opinions (or please comment with reference with any corrections).
tldr; The use of nanothermite is the best explanation for the presence of molten steel/iron at the WTC site, and nanothermite was detected on steel.
In order to invalidate the above conclusion, one must refute the following:
Kerosene/Jet-A-1 burns at most at 2,230°C in an ideal oxygenated environment, but only a fraction of this in an open-air/non-pressurized/oxygen-starved environment, but is unlikely to reach the melting point of iron and steel (1500°C+) outside a blast furnace; and Statements by numerous reputable witnesses, including experts appointed by the U.S. Government, indicated the presence of molten steel; Reports concluding the presence of molten steel & iron by numerous reputable agencies, including FEMA, a multi-national engineering firm commissioned by Deutsch Bank, numerous engineers, the NY Times; The oxidized and sulfidized steel from WTC-7 reported in an appendix to a FEMA report; There was no jet fuel in WTC-7, meaning that any molten iron or steel from this building would be unexplained; The conclusion of Dr. Harrit in a paper concluding that inactive, unreacted nanothermite was present on the steel of WTC-7; The opinions of thousands of engineers and architects who have signed a petition indicating their belief that an explosive was involved in the destruction of the WTC towers.
NIST has never commented on whether the incendiary and high explosive called nanothermite was or could have been involved in the WTC towers collapse.
In other words, the use of nanothermite to destroy WTC 1, 2, and/or 7 is not inconsistent with the official report of the U.S. government. NIST, and by extension the U.S. government, has simply never commented on the possibility.
Thermodynamics, 2nd law
Crucial to a "demolition theory" is that Jet-A-1/kerosene cannot create molten iron and/or steel in an open fire like the WTC towers (though there would remain no explanation for molten steel/iron from WTC-7).
The presence of molten iron and steel is inconsistent with the second law of thermodynamics namely, which roughly in this context translates as:
the heat created around a chemical reaction cannot be hotter than the maximum temperature of that chemical reaction.
In other words, there is a maximum temperature in a fire, explained by fire dynamics, and in particular: in a structure that maximum temperature is a fraction of the hottest fire, because of a lack of oxygen & ventilation. A blast furnace is generally used to create molten iron, and requires high positive-air pressure to provide adequate oxygen and exhaust.
Jet-A-1 (jet fuel) burns at a max of around 2,230°C, but around 700°C-1500°C in open air. Steel and iron melt at over 1500°C.
On the one hand, Jet-A-1 would not create molten steel/iron outside conditions like a blast furnace to melt iron — on the other hand, the WTC fires could (outside of WTC-7) have gotten to 1500°C based on the NIST article linked.
The physics question is whether 10,000 gallons or so of Jet-A-1 burning in an office tower would reach the melting point of iron in the 1.5 hours or so of burning.
While hardly an exact replication, in a paper “Fire Test Evaluation using the Kerosene and Aviation Fuel”, K. S. Bang et al., noted that Jet-A-1 reached a maximum temperature of 1,260°C after 8 hours in an environment not identical but the closest experiment I could find that replicated a building with jet fuel burning.
This answer would be substantially more conclusive with a chemistry/physics expert opinion exactly on point about whether a kerosene fire could create molten iron/steel in this situation.
Of course, if there was no molten iron or steel, the point is moot.
Molten Iron and Steel: Physical Evidence
Credible reports indicating the presence of molten iron come from FEMA, a multinational engineering firm, numerous reputable engineers and professors who examined the physical evidence, and peer-reviewed journal articles.
There are numerous other credible sources, extensively documented in Griffin's book, starting at page 36.
In its report on WTC7 in May 2002, FEMA documents in Appendix C steel that has been melted and partially evaporated. That report states:
Evidence of a severe high temperature corrosion attack on the steel, including oxidation and sulfidation with subsequent intergranular melting, was readily visible in the near-surface microstructure.
The report “WTC Dust Signature Report: Composition and Morphology” prepared by multinational engineering firm RJ Lee Group for Deutsch Bank states:
Various metals (most notably iron and lead) were melted during the WTC Event, producing spherical metallic particles. Exposure of phases to high heat results in the formation of spherical particles due to surface tension. Figure 21 and Figure 22 show a spherical iron particle resulting from the melting of iron (or steel).
The presence of iron microparticles are a byproduct indicate the presence of molten iron. No other explanation has been brought forward for their presence (that I am aware of).
Molten Iron and Steel: Witnesses
There are numerous credible eyewitness accounts of molten iron or steel. These include video of what appears to be molten metal dripping from the side of the WTC, as viewed in the linked YouTube video.
Dr. Abolhassan Astaneh, UC Berkley Professor of Structural Engineering and, according to Wikipedia, one of the leading structural engineers to investigate the collapse of the World Trade Center towers, said "I saw melting girders at World Trade Center".
Leslie Robertson, WTC Structural Engineer stated, "they pulled out the big block of concrete, and there was like a little river of steel, flowing ..."
Captain Philip Ruvolo, NYPD stated in front of others who were in agreement "You'd get down below, and you'd see molten steel. Molten steel running down the channel-ways. Like you were in a foundry. Like lava".
Ken Holden, director of NY Dept. of Design and Construction on C-SPAN 2, states "Underground it was still so hot that molten metal dripped down the sides of a wall".
Here is a photo of molten metal, from WABC-TV. The liquid flowing out of the buildings is identified by Gery Warner, PE and former engineer at Alcan Aluminum as molten iron.
The NY Times: A Search for Clues in Towers' Collapse By JAMES GLANZ and ERIC LIPTON, Published: February 2, 2002:
Pieces of steel have also been found that were apparently melted and vaporized not solely because of the heat of fires, but also because of a corrosive contaminant that was somehow released in the conflagrations. Perhaps the deepest mystery uncovered in the investigation involves extremely thin bits of steel collected from the trade towers and from 7 World Trade Center, a 47-story high rise that also collapsed for unknown reasons. The steel apparently melted away, but no fire in any of the buildings was believed to be hot enough to melt steel outright.
Another contemporaneous NY Times article in 2001 cites Dr. Jonathan Barnett, a professor of fire protection engineering at the Worcester Polytechnic Institute, and part of an assessment team organized by the American Society of Civil Engineers and the Federal Emergency Management Agency to examine the performance of several buildings during the attacks. The article states:
A combination of an uncontrolled fire and the structural damage might have been able to bring the building down, some engineers said. But that would not explain steel members in the debris pile that appear to have been partly evaporated in extraordinarily high temperatures
Presence of active, unreacted thermite
A so-far uncontroverted peer-reviewed paper entitled "Active Thermite Material Discovered in Dust from the 9/11 World Trace Center Catastrophe", by Niels H. Harrit et al., The Open Chemical Physics Journal, 2009, 2, 7-31, concludes:
Based on these observations, we conclude that the red layer of the red/gray chips we have discovered in the WTC dust is active, unreacted thermitic material, incorporating nanotechnology, and is a highly energetic pyrotechnic or explosive material.
There does not appear to be any plausible, competing theory that can explain the presence of nanothermites on the steel examined by Harrit.
On their website, Dr. Harrit includes over 50 articles published in respected scientific journals.
Other Sources of Information
There's no substitute for sitting down with an advocate over a beer to really evaluate the credibility of ones' claim, but here's a bit of reading that might further think on this - and from which much of this answer has come.
We believe there is sufficient doubt about the official story and therefore the 9/11 investigation must be re-opened and must include a full inquiry into the possible use of explosives that might have been the actual cause of the destruction of the World Trade Center Twin Towers and Building 7.
Summary
To be clear, and to repeat the disclaimer, there is no claim here regarding any involvement of the US government.
The hardest parts of this question and answer are:
Discovering credible opinions is challenging because the amount of noise when one searches on this topic; The emotional involvement, namely outright dismissals (or affirmations) without even a cursory evaluation of the evidence; The chilling effect that seems to prevent experts from "coming out" and rendering an opinion.
The objective of the above is to bring together evidence that supports the conclusion that there is an opportunity to dispel or affirm a cause for molten iron and steel to be present. A proper conclusion would need to be created by credible experts through peer reviewed scientific papers — and slowly that appears to be happening.
Everybody fancies themselves as some sort of wizard that can conjure up laughter by a few strokes of a keyboard, but only a few tweeters are truly worthy enough to have all of their witticisms transmitted to you, the ever busy comedy fan trying to navigate through an increasingly congested internet. Every Friday we'll make your life a little bit easier by introducing you to an individual that you might not know about who consistently makes us laugh and momentarily forget that other days of the week exist.
(If you're reading this from an RSS feed, jump on over to the website where you can actually view the tweets for an optimal level of enjoyment.)
Sofiya Alexandra (@thesofiya) is a comedian, writer, “eater” and “defecator” and a kind enough individual to share some of the wisdom behind a few of their funny tweets.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/280865118387073024”]
“So I have a serious Beyonce problem. I even tweeted about them and only them for a week straight (B'Week). Basically, I am in love with them and their powerful thighs and their jams and with how boss they are, but as I am a living breathing thinking person, I have a hard time with their lyrics. So I just combined all the messages of their songs into one song to show how ridiculous they are taken together. Of course people have tweeted me actual song guesses about 1,889,829 times, for which I am forever grateful.”
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/272947181248450560”]
“I was thinking about the unsexiest beej ever and this made me laugh in my head, because men would still be very interested in this beej.”
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/137637511248879617”]
“Horses are very majestic and and have stunning large eyes but they threaten me with their wild beauty and unbridled sexuality, and so they have to be murdered, I mean FED DELICIOUS OATS with a knife.”
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/164043565893300224”]
“I think we can all agree that children are beautiful morons. HOW HARD IS IT TO BE A GROWN PERSON CLAYTON.”
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/178218933550194688”]
“I just thought it was important to let young women know about the dangers of bears so they can make better choices than I did as a teenager. I mean I'm putting 6 cubs through salmon hunting college by myself, and even though I wouldn't trade them for the world, I really wish someone had given me this advice when I was young.”
Despite raising six children, Sofiya keeps up with the latest fashion trends.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/192679094092185600”]
Sometimes looking too good for their own good.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/185835709855301632”]
 They are a bit out of touch when it comes to funereal etiquette.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/116614868718718976”]
At least they know better than to get into the weather.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/301816295400296449”]
Alexandra keeps in shape through rigorous exercise.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/230417633831419905”]
And keeping sane with a second career.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/241557661768876032”]
Sofiya knows why you are alone.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/289100351188107264”]
They have found fault with the world's atlas.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/164755924249083905”]
And with Winnie the Pooh's vernacular.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/116228637182787585”]
Winnie probably starts twitter hashtags.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/322026394609651712”]
Alexandra doesn't want to bother with your played out set-ups.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/187228835706707968”]
Sofiya is made of guts.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/327559941353254912”]
The Golden Girls is their favorite show.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/318789068072824832”]
When Full House isn't on.
[blackbirdpie url=”http://twitter.com/TheSofiya/status/324237509326426112”]
Several hundred protesters demonstrate at a medical marijuana and anti-war protest outside a fundraiser for President Barack Obama at the Fox Theater in Oakland, California on July 23, 2012. UPI/David Yee | License Photo
The politics of Maryland lawmakers are increasingly reflecting the shift in public opinion on marijuana use, as today the Maryland Senate passed a bill, 36 to 8, that would decriminalize possession of small amounts of the drug.
If the bill passes the House, it means those found with less than 10 grams of on their person would not be charged with a crime, and would only be subject to a civil fine of $100.
Currently, minor possession of marijuana can land a person in jail for up to 90 days -- on top of a possible $5,000 fine.
“If it passes the House this year, it will be a big step forward,” Senate President Thomas V. Mike Miller Jr., D-Calvert, told The Washington Post.
Protesters rallied at the State House in Annapolis today to show their support of laxer marijuana statutes, although most were there in support of another bill that would legalize marijuana entirely.
Even though House delegate Heather R. Mizeur, D-Montgomery, supports legalization and taxation -- making it a top issue in their race for the Democratic nomination for governor -- she's not sure Maryland politics is quite ready to embrace the demands of the protesters.
"It's likely to take an election and a mandate from voters to change old ways of thinking in Annapolis," they told The Baltimore Sun. "This year medical marijuana seems like the easy thing to do. Decriminalization seems like the middle path."
[The Washington Post] [The Baltimore Sun]
An increasingly urgent President Barack Obama ridiculed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and their supporters during a rally in Philadelphia, but warned that Trump could still end up being their successor in the White House.
“This shouldn't even be close!” Obama said, flashing disbelief that Trump was earning the support of blue collar Americans.
They ridiculed the notion that low-income Americans were falling for Trump's promises to them, insisting that the Manhattan billionaire didn't care about them.
“Really? This is the guy you want to be championing workin' people?” Obama asked incredulously. “He's spent most of their life trying to stay as far away from working people as they could, and now this guy's going to be the champion of working people? Huh?”
Obama insisted that voting for Donald Trump was not even a choice that Americans should consider, if they wanted to hold true to it's ideals.
“This is a dark, pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other. We turn away from the rest of the world,” they said. “They're not offering serious solutions they're just fanning resentment, and blame, and anger, and hate.”
Obama warned that Trump's campaign was focused more on scaring Americans and could actually win if Democrats didn't turn out for Hillary Clinton.
“He's betting if they scare enough people they might scare up enough votes to win this election,” Obama said.
Obama acknowledged that Trump was thriving off of the same kind of energy that they received during their own presidential campaign, but warned their supporters not to take Hillary Clinton for granted.
“I understand we are a young country, we are a restless country, we always like the new shiny thing, I benefited from that when I was a candidate,” they said. “We take for granted sometimes what is steady and true.”
The president accused the press for “normalizing” the controversial presidential candidate, directing specific remarks to the media.
“I sure do get frustrated with the way this campaign is covered. I'm just telling the truth. Guys in the back, I'm just telling you the truth about how I feel about this,” they said, referring to the press. “Do you mind if I just vent for a second? You know, you don't grade the presidency on a curve. This is serious business.”
They praised Hillary Clinton for traveling to more countries than any Secretary of State in history, but said Trump “isn't fit in any way shape or form to represent this country abroad and be it's commander in chief.”
They accused the press of letting Trump have a pass, despite their repeated controversial remarks.
“Donald Trump says stuff that every day that used to be considered as disqualifying for being president, and yet because they say it over and over and over again, the press just gives up and they just say, ‘Well yeah, you know, OK.”
Obama alluded to Matt Lauer's moderating performance in the commander-in-chief forum, ridiculing journalists for failing to fact-check Trump's claim that they never supported the invasion of Iraq.
”Well actually they aren't,” Obama said emphatically. “But they just accept it.”
Obama repeated an earlier criticism of the press, accusing them of turning the presidential campaign as a reality show.
“We can not afford suddenly to treat this like a reality show,” Obama added. “We can't afford to act like as if there is some equivalence here.”
A proper farewell tour for Malcom Floyd can now begin.
The Chargers wide receiver reaffirmed Tuesday they will retire after the 2015 season. This long has been the plan for Floyd, who will turn 34 in September and is entering the final year of their contract. But up to now, in a fashion quintessentially Floyd, they put others first, preferring to keep private in fear of distracting teammates.
Their caution has since proven unnecessary.
They figured it out. So, Floyd is ready to call the upcoming season what it is.
Theirs last.
"I have four kids now," Floyd said. "I'm barely getting any time with them. I've got to go home and rest."
First, they have unfinished business.
Chargers OTAs 6/8/2015
The former undrafted rookie from Wyoming is set to play their 12th NFL season. They have yet to win a Super Bowl.
This drought bothers them more than most, as it's not solely about their absence of a title. It's about quarterback Philip Rivers not having one. It's about San Diego and its fans not having one. The 6-foot-5 freak of a jumper, a guy who puts their body on the line for contested catches in spring practices as if playing a postseason game, feels they owe it to them.
Of course, they don't.
They have given enough.
But that is who Floyd is.  They are a man who believes they can always do more, a person who, after suffering a career-threatening neck injury in 2013 when sandwiched between two Eagles defenders on an incompletion, returned from a Philadelphia-area hospital and apologized to Rivers for not catching it.
Floyd and tight end Antonio Gates, 35 next week, are the final remnants to an offensive core with whom Rivers grew into the league.
All three are entering the final season of their contract.
Rivers has parted with so many close friends in this business. That includes center Nick Hardwick, guard Jeromey Clary and outside linebacker Jarret Johnson this offseason. Floyd, who entered the league in 2004 with Rivers, is next.
The Chargers will miss their deep routes, a 17.1 career average in yards per reception. They'll miss their acrobatic catches, "50-50" jump balls routinely recalibrated toward their favor. With 856 yards, they led the Chargers in receiving last season for the second time in three years.
More than the player, they'll miss the person.
"All my chips are in," Floyd said. "I'm all in."
Responding to news that 230 civilians in Mosul had been killed by an airstrike, US Army Col. Joe Scrocca — a spokesperson for the US-led coalition — said the military is investigating “what if any role a coalition strike may have had in that area.” The airstrike occurred last Friday, just 2 days after the US killed 33 civilians with an airstrike that hit a school in Raqqa & about a week after more than 40 were killed when a mosque was hit. All of us, of course, can take comfort in the fact that these are being “investigated,” too. More than 300 people killed — not soldiers, not terrorists, not ISIS fighters — “just” people.
The “Liberation” of Mosul
Collateral Damage noun
[ kuh-lat-er-uh-l dam-ij ] 1. The cost of “freedom,” paid mostly by dark-skinned people in countries outside of Europe and North America.
While the London terror attack that claimed 4 lives dominated headlines, a guy named Saleh Jamal was helping to excavate the bodies of 10 children from the rubble of what used to be a West Mosul neighborhood. Meanwhile, the US-led military coalition — currently the only group known to be dropping bombs out of the sky onto Mosul — continued its quest to discover who was responsible. Although US investigators have apparently not ruled out the possibility that a secret ( or invisible…? ) air-force is being hidden nearby, at least one Iraqi official had the nerve to say it was an airstrike ordered by the US-led coalition.
Do Dead Muslims Have Names ?
Keith Palmer, Aysha Frade, Kurt Cochran, Leslie Rhodes — those are the names of the people who were killed in the London terror attack. I know because the names are listed by their pictures in the articles. I also know the injured & killed included 12 Britons, 3 French kids, 2 Romanians, 4 South Koreans, 2 Greeks, 1 German, 1 Pole, 1 Irish person, 1 Chinese person, 1 Italian, & 1 US citizen. The names of the 2 Romanians are Andreea Cristea & Andrei Burnaz — both survived. Burnaz, whose foot was broken in the attack, was about to propose to Cristea, who fell into the Thames River.
What are the names of the 200 people buried beneath the rubble in Mosul? The articles do not mention them because it is not important to know what name Suha Khalid Gharab called their 1-year old “relative” by — nor is it important for you to know the 19 names of their other relatives allegedly killed by an unknown, airstrike-like event. The names of “32 relatives” of “another man” — who also allegedly perished in the mysterious attack from above — are also not important for us to know. Some were almost certainly named Muhammad and it's likely there was an Omar or two — a few Abdullahs & Fatimas, perhaps.
English speakers would find it hard to pronounce the other ones, anyway.
What We Know About People Killed by US Airstrikes
The anthropological research of Robin Dunbar suggests that the average human being's social circle — the faces & names that you can truly keep track of — is about 150 people. Out of those 150, there is a group of around 50 acquaintances — these are the ones you might invite to a party or a holiday dinner. There is also a sympathy-group — about 15 people you know well — and, finally, an intimate group of about 5 who are your best friends & closest family. Now —
303 × 150 = 45,450
303 × 50 = 15,150
303 × 15 = 4,545
303 × 5 = 1,515
You may never hear the names of the 303 people beneath the rubble in Mosul, Raqqa, or Aleppo but — thanks to anthropology & some math — you can know there are probably 45,450 people who do know their names. You can be sure that there are about 15,150 people who will no longer see them around or at a family dinner, 4,545 people who were their good friends, played games with them, & stayed up to gaze at the stars with them — and you can be sure that about 1,515 people just had pieces of their hearts ripped out of their chests that they can never get back.
And, finally, you can be damned sure that, whether we forget their names or not or never even get to hear them, there are thousands out there who will remember them for the rest of their lives — and the US military is making more every day. Remember that.
In solidarity,
John Laurits
P.S. As I finished this article, I received word that the US central command has — one week afterward — finally taken responsibility for the airstrike. Alhamdulillah.
Studio Trigger opened a website on Sunday for Hiroyuki Imaishi's (Kill la Kill, Gurren Lagann, Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt) Uchū Patrol Luluco (Space Patrol Luluco) TV anime series of shorts. The website reveals the show's full staff, main cast, character designs, story, and key visual. Studio Trigger had announced last month that Imaishi was directing an original TV anime that will premiere in April on the "Ultra Super Anime Time" programming block.
The show stars:
M.A.O as Luluco, who lives in the Milky Way's "designated special immigration space ward" called Ogikubo.  They are a mundane and super normal middle school student.
Junya Enoki as ΑΩ Nova, a mysterious handsome transfer student who comes from far away in space.
Mayumi Shintani as Midori, a female half-earthling half-alien who attends Ogikubo Middle School.
Tetsu Inada as Over Justice's general manager, the boss of the Space Patrol's Ogikubo branch.
Mitsuo Iwata as Keiji (Detective), Luluco's father who works for the Space Patrol's Ogikubo branch.
Another character is:
Hisho (private secretary), who is a temporary worker at the Space Patrol's Ogikubo branch. They always leaf work to go home exactly on time.
The "intergalactic first love story" show takes place in Ogikubo, which is the name of the specially designated area in space in the Milky Way where Earthlings and aliens can live together. Luluco is a female middle school student who lives with their father, and no matter where they are, Luluco is a common, "super normal" girl. As they are living their normal life, one day the mysterious transfer student ΑΩ Nova abruptly appears before them That meeting will change Luluco's fate.
Trigger and Imaishi are credited with the original work, and Imaishi is directing the series and overseeing the scripts. Akira Amemiya (Inferno Cop) is serving as second director, and Hiromi Wakabayashi (setting production for Gurren Lagann, script for Inferno Cop, Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt) is the creative director. Mago and Yusuke Yoshigaki (Ninja Slayer From Animation, Black Rock Shooter) are the character designers, Shigeto Koyama (design for Gurren Lagann, Eureka Seven, mecha design for Star Driver) is handling the "Justice design," and Yoshigaki and Shūhei Handa (Kill la Kill, Terraformars) are the chief animation directors. The other staff members are as follows:
Effects Artist: Yoh Yoshinari
Design Works: Ai Nonaka
Art Director: Hiroyasu Kobayashi (Khara)
Art: Khara Digital-bu
Color Key: Tomoko Koyama (Fine Colors), Arisa Komatsu (Fine Colors)
Director of Photography: Yuko Touzai
Photography: SANZIGEN Animation Studio
Editing: Mai Hasegawa
Sound Director: Hiroki Urakari
Sound Studio: Half HP Studio
Music Production: Flying Dog
Animation Production: Trigger
Production: Uchū Patrol Luluco Production Committee
The temporarily named "Fujirock" group will perform the as-yet untitled opening theme song.
The show's official website is also streaming a promotional video for the show.
Uchū Patrol Luluco will premiere as part of the fourth season of Ultra Super Anime Time on AT-X on April 1 at 10:30 p.m. before airing on Tokyo MX on April 1 at 11:00 p.m. and on BS11 on April 4 at 1:00 a.m. Niconico is also streaming the series for Japanese audiences.
The series will also stream on Crunchyroll starting on April 1 at 10:30 p.m. JST (9:30 a.m. EDT).
The work will commemorate five years since Trigger was established. Tigger's five-year anniversary will be in August.
Ultra Super Anime Time had announced last March at the AnimeJapan 2015 event that Imaishi would be directing a new short anime for the programming block.
Ultra Super Pictures launched the Ultra Super Anime Time 30-minute programming block in July. Each season in the block features three series of anime shorts. The first season included Miss Monochrome The Animation 2, Wakaba Girl, and Wooser no Sono Higurashi Mugen-hen. The second season premiered in October and featured Hacka Doll the Animation, Miss Monochrome the Animation 3, and Kagewani.
The third season of the programming block premiered on January 8 and includes Sekkō Boys and Oshiete! Galko-chan. The third slot in the block features the three following four-episode series: Tabi Machi Late Show, Kono Danshi, Mahō ga Oshigoto Desu., and Kanojo to Kanojo no Neko: Everything Flows.
Thanks to Rachel S. for the news tip, and thanks to Kagayaki for the embedded video.
Purchase Tickets
“Ko-Ticket”- A page where you can reserve tickets from overseas
- It's a service for purchasing tickets online (desktop PCs and smartphones).
- Payments accepted by credit cards (JCB, VISA, and MasterCard) only.
- Tickets can be picked up at the stadium ticket stand (by Gate #9) by showing your QR code. To pick up your ticket, show a printout of the QR code or display it on your smartphone screen at the stand.
- In case of bad weather, the refund is processed through the credit card company so it is hassle-free.
How to Reserve Tickets Using “Ko-Ticket”
Step1. Access the “Ko-Ticket” website at the address below from your desktop PC or smartphone. https://www.koshien-qr.com/ * The homepage itself will be in Japanese. Please refer to instructions below. Step2. Click the button below on the page. Step3. Select the desired date of the game and seat type. Weekday prices Saturday, Sunday, Holiday, and Giants games prices Step4. Input the number of seats Step5. Enter credit card information. Step6. Purchase Complete The purchasing is complete now.
How to Call up your QR Code
The head of the center-right nationalist CiU Catalan government, Artur Mas, and the leaders of the Catalan Republican Left (ERC), the Initiative for Catalonia Greens (ICV) and the left-wing CUP party reached an agreement on Thursday regarding the questions that would be posed were a referendum on self-rule for the northeastern region to be held.
After talks on Thursday morning, Mas, Oriol Junqueras of the ERC, Joan Herrera of the ICV and David Fernández of the CUP agreed on two questions. “Do you want Catalonia to be a state?” is the first, and should the respondent answer yes, they will then be asked: “Do you want Catalonia to be an independent state?” They also announced that they want the referendum be held on November 9, 2014.
An adamant Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vowed later on Thursday to prevent Catalonia from holding its referendum.
“I will guarantee you that the status vote is not going to be held,” the prime minister said during a joint news conference with European Council President Herman Van Rompuy in Madrid. Rajoy declined to say how they intend to prevent the referendum from being held, saying “it was not my place as prime minister to discuss what the government intends to do.”
“The government that I preside cannot authorize or negotiate something that belongs to all Spaniards,” they said.
At a joint news conference with the other party leaders Mas lamented the fact that the Catalan branch of the Socialist Party (PSC) was not an adherent to the agreement. “We would have liked the PSC, but we are a very ample majority and we have to follow the path that we have marked out for ourselves,” Mas said.
The four parties that reached the agreement have a total of 88 seats in the 135-member Catalan regional assembly.
The conservative Popular Party (PP) government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy insists that the Constitution bars Catalonia from holding a consultation of this kind on its own initiative and without Madrid's consent. Justice Minister Alberto Ruiz-Gallardón wasted no time in reminding the Catalans of that, telling the press in the corridors of Congress that “the state guarantees that the referendum will not be held.”
The spokesperson of the PP's Catalan branch, Enric Millo described the announcement of the questions to be posed as “nonsense.” “Everyone knows that this referendum will not be held, but they insist on spinning this fantasy,” they told the regional assembly. It's a false hope. This cynicism will end in frustration and can only lead to social confrontation.”
Mas thanked the parties in the agreement for their “generosity and sense of state. “This is historically very far-reaching,” they said. “The date is very specific: November 9, 2014. We are thus holding to our commitment for the consultation to be held in 2014. The November 9 date allows us to ask the question with success. There will be time to guarantee the legal framework and democratic procedures.”
Mas appealed directly to the Rajoy government to negotiate the holding of the referendum on the basis of the agreement between the four Catalan parties. “We're waiting now for the Spanish state to respond to this solid majority and a public that wants to vote,” they said.
The executive committees of the four parties concerned are expected to ratify the chosen questions at meetings to be held between Thursday and Friday.
ERC had been at odds with the other three parties in insisting that voters should be asked directly if they wanted Catalonia to be independent.
“The question needed to be sufficiently inclusive so as mobilize the biggest majority of Catalan society,” Junqueras said, adding that although the question was not what the ERC wanted, the agreement “includes the majority of the Catalan assembly, which is what is most important.”
Israeli Prime Minister Feels That Bitcoin Poses A Significant Threat To Its Banking Structure
Benjamin Netanyahu, the Prime Minister of Israel claimed through a video published on Tuesday that Bitcoin holds the very potential to revolutionize the way financial transactions are entered into and dealt with. If its rapid stride maintains its consistency in days to come, then it can soon render the traditional financial institutions obsolete and replace their activity in totality. Their claim was mostly based on the decentralized nature of Bitcoin which can easily be accessed by people across the globe as well as its meteoric growth in the current fiscal.
Although Netanyahu predicted that banks might become redundant, they did not specify any exact date and time for the same. They were quoted saying:
“Is the fate of banks that they will eventually disappear? Yes. The answer is yes. Does it need to happen tomorrow? And do we need to do it through Bitcoin? That's a question mark.”
Also Read: The Government Of Iran Getting Ready For Bitcoin Usage In The Country
The Israeli nation head also enumerated the role of banks and financial transactions in ensuring transactions in between two parties. They also noted that that government bodies exercise the ultimate control over the flow of money and benefit from charging a transaction fee for facilitating the same. Using cryptocurrencies on the other hand, people can directly enter into transactions without having to go through costly and time-consuming middlemen dealings. Compared to the centralized banking structure, the decentralized blockchain technology underlying the crypto structure can help impart greater impetus to its transactions. Netanyahu acknowledged the significance of Bitcoin by saying that,
“The truth behind what I just said is what's propelling Bitcoin upwards.” However, they simply could not ignore the inherent volatility of this growing financial safe haven. They were quoted as saying that, “there's nothing like this, that will continue rising at this rate, it can't happen.”
Also Read: “In 5 Years If You Use Fiat Currencies, They Will Laugh At You” – Says Tim Draper
TO many skeptics, particularly on the right, the spectacular failure of the solar-panel manufacturer Solyndra in 2011, after receiving a $535 million loan guarantee from the Department of Energy, demonstrated the industry's shaky future and the danger of government efforts to subsidize it to success.
Fast forward to today. Solar energy prices have continued to fall rapidly, twice as many Americans work in the solar industry as in coal mining, and last year one-third of new electricity generation came from solar power.
Solar, long viewed through the lens of crony capitalism, has shown the ability to inject real market competition in energy distribution, one of the last monopolies in the energy sector, while improving the efficiency of the grid and putting more dollars in the pockets of middle-class Americans. Conservatives, in other words, need to take another look at solar.
The case for solar isn't limited to prices and jobs. Consumers want choice. Unfortunately, in most markets around the country, electricity is still one of the few areas where we have virtually no choice over our supplier. Imagine you want to buy a G.M. car, but you were told you can buy only a Toyota. You'd be outraged — yet this is how almost all Americans are forced to procure their electricity.
The Naqib family has been living on their land since before 1948. That, however, didn't stop the municipality from serving them with an arbitrary demolition order.
After a relative period of calm in which the local authorities have refrained from demolishing homes of Palestinian citizens of Israel, the Lydd (“Lod” in Hebrew, “Lydda” in English) Municipality has returned to threatening residents with demolition. The war in Gaza has ended, and now the authorities have returned to their day-to-day war against Arab citizens.
The home belongs to the Naqib family and was built on land that they own, according to the state land registry. The demolition order, which stated that the house was built illegally, was served back in November. The city announced it would carry out the demolition on Sunday, when police arrived on the scene.
Attorney Qais Nasser submitted an urgent appeal to a district court on behalf of the family, along with a request to delay the demolition. The court rejected the request, but delayed the demolition until today (Sunday) at 1 p.m., in order to give the family time to submit an appeal to the Supreme Court. UPDATE (2:45 p.m.): The Supreme Court has delayed the demolition until Thursday.
The Naqib family lives on land near the Ganei Aviv neighborhood, which was expropriated from Palestinian families in a procedure whose legality has been in doubt ever since. The family has lived on the land since before 1948, and the local urban building plan gave a green light for building the new neighborhood years ago. The city, however, has yet to approve a master plan, and even destroyed a house in the 1990s.
According to a map of the urban building plan, one can see that the house was built on land slated for residential construction. Thus, the city's decision regarding “illegal construction” seems especially arbitrary:
Should the Supreme Court reject the request to delay the order, the city will be able to demolish the house at any moment. According to a member of the Naqib family, the order is part of a general trend of political harassment. “The city claims that the house is in the way of the road,” they told +972. “But according to the urban building plan, one can see clearly the house was built on land that was previously approved. How can you view the city's decision as anything but political harassment?”
Local activists have already met to discuss further actions to prevent the threatened demolition, including mass demonstrations and establishing a protest tent.
According to activists nearly 80 percent of Palestinians in Lydd live in “illegal conditions” according to the state's definition, due to the fact that their homes do not have building permits. This situation allows authorities to use the threat of demolition against a large part of the local population, in accordance with the needs of the political establishment.
Read this article in Hebrew on Local Call here.
Related:
House demolitions: Zionism's constant background noise
Punitive home demolitions are racist — and just plain wrong
Right groups to High Court: Home demolitions are collective punishment
Linux: Powered by Microsoft?!?!
A
month ago we showed Fedora crossing out Moonlight and moving Tomboy (with Mono) out of the way, at least as far as the Live CD is concerned. So does Debian on the face of it. Watch this:
* tomboy: very nice app, but controversial since it brings the
full Mono stack, so we don't make it part of
gnome-desktop-environment.
The background of this is that gnome/gnome-desktop-environment metapackages tend to syncronize with upstream GNOME (and this is why they dragged tomboy in when installed). However, tasksel (i.e. Debian Installer) didn't include tomboy in the default setup.
The necessary harmonisation between GNOME metapackages and tasksel turned out to be in favour of removing tomboy from metapackages instead of adding it to tasksel, because Mono is widely seen as “controversial” (see above).
This makes it much less likely that tomboy becomes part of the default install in the future. It's important because Debian is one of the most influenctial Free software distributions available. Even Ubuntu is based on it and Ubuntu seems to be deep in Mono with the approval of Mark Shuttleworth. Could their mind be changed?
Getting a technical dependency out of the way is different from availability and habitual dependence. There are some other concerns about people getting ‘addicted' to specific Mono applications because distributors encourage their use through inclusion and/or preinstallation.
Just the other day in Miguel de Icaza's blog:
My friend Mirco Bauer has been maintaining and coordinating the Mono packaging for Debian for many years.
It now turns out that Tomboy has found its way into Firefox in the form of an addon.
Tomfox is a very cool Firefox extension. With Tomfox, you can directly create Tomboy notes in Firefox.
Whenever the question arise about Mono, Jeff Waugh and others attack the messenger. in fact, Sam Varghese has just complained about these attacks, which may only mean that they were on the right topic all along.
I've grown quite used to people from the GNOME Foundation indulging in this kind of attack. I've lost count of the number of times the foundation's media spokesperson Jeff Waugh has launched personal attacks on me; GNOME co-founder Miguel de Icaza followed suit a few months back.
What are they so afraid of? The only thing Mono critics are afraid of are the known impact of .NET patents and the gradual move of GNOME/GTK to the #. Watch what Beranger has just had to say:
Let's revisit the GTK+ 3.0 issue, this time based on what Miguel de Icaza had to say about it. Indeed, «there is no actual plan for which features will be added, and when these features will be added», but I don't feel de Icaza should be let have a say in the planning of the future GTK+ 3.0 and GNOME 3.0 — or else it will become “Mono Reloaded” within months! [...] Looking for some stupid Microsoft patents on a “System and method for activity monitoring and reporting in a computer network”? Here you are: Patent #6519639, Patent #6631412, Patent #7337223, Application #10/629,954.
One of the other dilemmas in the Debian project is also multimedia codecs, so the following new article is worth seeing.
Over 100 million DVD players have shipped in the US, and 100s of millions of mp3 players have shipped, yet Linux distributions like Fedora, Ubuntu and Opensuse don't include software to create files that these devices can play. The reason is because implementations of the MPEG-2 and MPEG-1 Audio Layer 3 (MP3) are considered patented so the Linux Distributors are avoiding a risk of patent infringement lawsuits. I went searching for answers to basic questions like what are all the patents claimed for MP3 and when do the claimed MPEG-2 patents expire and I did not find these on the web, so I decided to create this summary of the patent status of MPEG-1, H.261 and MPEG-2. I'm not a lawyer and I'm not an expert on video or audio compression so there are probably some mistakes in this, but its better than anything I've found on the internet. This article is US specific, but the patent databases listed usually have other countries patents listed as well.
As stressed several times before, it's not the patent(s) itself that needs to be considered in isolation; it's the holder of the patent too. Other than Microsoft (and SCO maybe), no other company is aggressive enough to attack the work of volunteers with a FUD campaign, let alone legal action (with the possibility of proxies like Intellectual Ventures of Acacia, which host Microsoft employees [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11]). █
“Pearly Gates and Em-Ballmer
One promises you heaven and the other prepares you for the grave.”
– Ray Noorda, Novell
Share this post: These icons link to social bookmarking sites where readers can share and discover new web pages.
Permalink Send this to a friend
Singaporeans still have some way to go before they are ready to deal with a terror attack here.
A Sunday Times poll found that about four in five Singaporeans feel unprepared if a terror attack were to hit home.
And more than 70 per cent admitted that they have not acquired life-saving skills, including cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and first aid.
Today is exactly a year after the SGSecure national movement, which aims to get all Singaporeans involved in the fight against terror, was launched.
In the past year, the authorities have organised a number of community Emergency Preparedness Days, talks and exhibitions.
Home Team officers have visited 220,000 households and more than 160 schools.
Related Story Ever vigilant at Star Performing Arts Centre
Related Story SGSecure pioneer helps spread message
A mobile application, which allows the public to receive important alerts or send information to the authorities via text, pictures or videos, was also launched in conjunction with the campaign .
However, a Sunday Times survey of 250 Singaporeans, aged 13 to 81, found that just 14 per cent have downloaded the SGSecure app - consistent with the Ministry of Home Affairs' (MHA) update that the app has been downloaded on to 843,000 devices.
The poll also found that only about half the respondents knew how to use a fire extinguisher; 30 per cent said they were trained in first aid; and about 22 per cent are certified to administer CPR or operate an automated external defibrillator (AED).
Even more dismal was the percentage of those who knew what number to send an SMS to (71999) during an emergency, if they were unable to call the authorities.
On the bright side, publicity on dealing with suspicious items and persons seems to be working. More than 90 per cent rightly pointed that they should inform service staff and the authorities if they see someone acting suspiciously at an MRT station, or if they found an unattended bag on the bus.
MHA said that while SGSecure has gained "significant momentum", more work is needed in order to sustain it. The ministry said it will be ramping up efforts in the neighbourhoods, schools and workplaces, with a focus on strengthening citizens' response in crises.
The Emergency Preparedness Day, which was revamped amid a heightened terror threat, will be rolled out at all 89 constituencies over the next 18 months. So far, it has been conducted at 36 constituencies.
Observers have said that it is not a question of "if" but "when" a terror attack will strike Singapore.
With threats against Singapore becoming more virulent, some Singaporeans have picked up skills needed to help others in a crisis.
Among them is investment analyst Kelvin Low, 29, whose workplace sends employees for CPR and AED courses and teaches them to use fire extinguishers.
While they are prepared for a terror situation, Mr Low said, the shock of an attack will affect all, "no matter how ready we think we are".
Housewife Ann Zhang, 36, said they know it is important but has been putting off learning first aid.
"I should set time aside to pick up these skills because anything can happen, and I would want to be able to protect my loved ones," they said.
•Additional reporting by Sue-Ann Tan, Daniel Ong and Raffaella Nathan Charles
EPIC has published a petition to the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection, demanding the suspension of the drone program pending the development of privacy regulations for the use of drones in US airspace. Documents recently obtained by EPIC under the Freedom of Information Act indicate that the drones are equipped with technology for signals interception and human identification. The agency currently operates ten Predator B drones along the border region, an area that encompasses more than two-thirds of the U.S. population. EPIC is urging individuals and organizations to Sign the Petition before March 18. Under federal law, the agency is required to respond to public petitions. For more information see EPIC: Domestic Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) and Drones and EPIC: Drone Petition to Customs and Border Protection.
Newly promoted Rays general manager Erik Neander isn't ruling out a rebuild “if the interest and market dictates,” they told Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times. But, on the heels of a 68-win campaign, it seems Neander is more focused on immediately returning the Rays to relevance.
“There's a certain belief that we have in the core of our team, that it's not out of the question that we can compete deep into the season,” Neander said.
As Topkin previously reported, it's unlikely the Rays will subtract their best starter, Chris Archer, from that core. But they continue to discuss left-hander Drew Smyly with other teams, and right-hander Alex Cobb is also a candidate to end up elsewhere via trade. Dealing one of those two would leave the Rays with a still-capable group that would also consist of Archer, Jake Odorizzi, Blake Snell and perhaps Matt Andriese. They're mulling adding free agent starter Nathan Eovaldi to the mix, but they underwent Tommy John surgery in August and wouldn't become a factor until 2018.
[RELATED: Rays Depth Chart]
In order to complement what should be a respectable 2017 starting staff, the Rays are considering outside help for their bullpen and lineup, per Topkin. Specifically, the team would like to add an adept defensive outfielder and a first base/designated hitter type to its collection of position players. With the latter need in mind, Tampa Bay has discussed such left-handed free agent hitters as Pedro Alvarez, Ryan Howard, Brandon Moss, Luis Valbuena and 2016 Ray Logan Morrison. If they opt for a right-handed batter, which could make more sense given that first baseman Brad Miller and DH Nick Franklin struggle against left-handed pitchers, 2016 National League home run co-champion Chris Carter and Billy Butler are on their radar.
However, of greater intrigue than securing any of the asupervisorstioned names is the possibility of signing Jose Bautista. While they seem like a longshot pickup for the low-payroll Rays, they could be in position to pounce on the Tampa Bay-area resident if their market doesn't develop as hoped this offseason. Plus, because the Rays finished in the bottom 10 of the standings last season, they wouldn't have to give up a first-round selection to sign Bautista, who rejected the Blue Jays' qualifying offer. The Rays would instead surrender their competitive balance pick (currently No. 31 overall) in next year's draft to ink the longtime AL East rival.
Regardless of whether they're able to reel in Bautista, it does seem the Rays are aiming to compete next year. Last season's subpar record notwithstanding, the club has a bevy of quality players in the fold, and free agent signing Wilson Ramos should further help matters if the catcher is able to return from a torn ACL in early 2017.
Newswise — LA JOLLA, Calif., December 26, 2013 – Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute scientists have discovered a new molecule that forms when certain white blood cells—macrophages—are stimulated in response to pathogens. The molecule, termed “THRIL,” helps regulate the immune response and shows an association with Kawasaki disease. The findings suggest that THRIL may contribute to other inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and inflammatory bowel disease.
The study, published online in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, measured large intergenic noncoding RNA (lincRNA) produced when the immune system is activated. One lincRNA was found to bind heterogenous nuclear ribonucleoprotein L (hnRNPL), creating a new molecule that regulates genetic control of TNF-alpha—a potent cytokine that promotes inflammation. The authors named the molecule THRIL, after TNF-alpha and hnRNPL-related immunoregulatory lincRNA.
Noncoding RNAs as key regulators of immune response
Large noncoding RNA corresponds to the parts of the genome that do not code for protein.
“For some time we have known that noncoding regions of RNA play important roles in regulating the immune response to microbial pathogens,” said Tariq Rana, Ph.D., senior author of the study and professor in the Sanford Children's Health Research Center and director of the RNA Biology Program at Sanford-Burnham. “When we realized that THRIL functioned to control the TNF-alpha gene, we wanted to see if it mirrors the progression in inflammatory diseases.”
Collaborating with Jane Burns, M.D., professor of pediatrics at Rady Children's Hospital and UC San Diego, Rana's team measured THRIL levels in Kawasaki disease samples at different stages of the disease, and found that levels were at their lowest during the acute stage of the disease—when TNF-alpha levels are at their highest.
The findings suggest that THRIL could be a novel biomarker for immune activation and a potential target for inflammatory diseases.
# # #
This research was funded in part by the National Institutes of Health grants AI41404, AI43198, and DA30199, and Integrating Data for Analysis, Anonymization, and Sharing grant U54HL108460.
The study was co-authored by Zhonghan Li, Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute; Ti chun Chao, Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute; Kung-Yen Chang, Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute; Nianwei Lin, Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute; Veena Patil, Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute; Chisato Shimizu, Department of Pediatrics, Rady Children's Hospital San Diego and UC San Diego; Steven R. Head, The Scripps Research Institute; Jane C. Burns, Department of Pediatrics, Rady Children's Hospital San Diego and UC San Diego; and Tariq M. Rana, Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute and UC San Diego.
About TNF-alpha
TNF-alpha is a signaling protein produced mainly by macrophages in the body's response to infection. TNF-alpha is known to drive inflammation and tissue destruction in immune mediated diseases. Anti-TNF drugs are used to control inflammatory diseases such rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis.
About Macrophages
Macrophages are the first line of defense for the immune system, and are considered to be the “bottom feeders” of white blood cells. They work by ingesting many cells and depending on the type of cell ingested they send signals—such as TNF-alpha—to alert the rest of the immune system that it's time to defend the body.
About Kawasaki Disease
Kawasaki disease is a rare childhood disease that involves inflammation of the blood vessels. In some cases, the disease affects the coronary arteries, leading to serious heart problems. Kawasaki disease affects children of all races, genders, and ages. It occurs most often in children of Asian and Pacific Island descent. Symptoms include red eyes, red lips, and redness on the palm of their hands and soles of their feet—all signs of inflamed blood vessels.
The cause of the disease is unknown, and it can't be prevented. Although the disease has a good prognosis with treatment, it can lead to death from coronary artery aneurysm in a small percentage of patients.
About Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute
Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute is dedicated to discovering the fundamental molecular causes of diseases and devising the innovative therapies of tomorrow. Sanford-Burnham takes a collaborative approach to medical research with major programs in cancer, neurodegeneration, diabetes, and infectious, inflammatory and childhood diseases. The Institute is recognized for its National Cancer Institute-designated Cancer Center and expertise in drug discovery and stem-cell technologies. Sanford-Burnham is a nonprofit, independent institute that employs 1,200 scientists and staff in San Diego (La Jolla), Calif., and Orlando (Lake Nona), Fla. For more information, visit us at www.sanfordburnham.org.
SEE ORIGINAL STUDY
But the coziness of that relationship has become increasingly one-sided in recent months, as McCain and their campaign lash out at the media, who then redouble their efforts to please the Arizona senator.
Even while carrying McCain's water, media worry they aren't doing enough for them
John McCain complaining about media coverage is a little like an oil company complaining about profit margins: hard to believe, and even harder to feel much sympathy.
This is, after all, a politician who has referred to the press as their "base," and a politician about whom MSNBC's Joe Scarborough has said "every last one of them [reporters] would move to Massachusetts and marry John McCain if they could." As Eric Alterman and George Zornick recently explained in The Nation, "no candidate since John F. Kennedy, and perhaps none since Franklin Delano Roosevelt, has enjoyed such cozy relations with the press."
But the coziness of that relationship has become increasingly one-sided in recent months, as McCain and their campaign lash out at the media, who then redouble their efforts to please the Arizona senator.
In early May, McCain senior adviser Mark Salter released a memo accusing the media of "form[ing] a protective barrier around [Obama], declaring serious limits to the questions, discussion and debate in this race," adding:
Senator Obama has good reason to think this plan will succeed, as serious journalists have written of the need for 'de-tox' to cure 'swooning' over Senator Obama, and others have admitted to losing their objectivity while with them on the campaign trail.
Later that month, McCain campaign strategist Steve Schmidt claimed MSNBC is "a partisan advocacy organization that exists for the purpose of attacking John McCain." The Washington Post's Howard Kurtz dutifully typed up Schmidt's charge without offering a contrary point of view. Nor did Kurtz note that McCain is subject of regular and effusive praise from MSNBC employees such as Chris Matthews, who has a habit of saying that McCain "deserves" to be president and says they "loves" McCain.
In June, Salter announced that seats on the comfy sofa next to McCain's captain's chair on their new plane were available only to "the good reporters," who would "have to earn it." Kurtz responded, "I think Mark Salter ... was joking and we should all lighten up. Can you imagine the uproar if the McCain campaign actually had a policy of rewarding favorable reporters with access to the candidate on the plane and shutting out those who dared to be critical? There would be a media revolt." But there was no "media revolt" when Salter reportedly threatened to throw Newsweek off the campaign bus just a month earlier, or when an Arizona reporter was kicked off the McCain bus. Rather than leading a "revolt" over such tactics, Kurtz covered them up, asserting it was all a big joke.
This week, the McCain campaign against the media went into overdrive. First, McCain allies began complaining that Obama's trip abroad was garnering a great deal of media attention. Republican Rep. Eric Cantor, for example, said: "The question really needs to be posed: Is this type of coverage fair? ... This is nothing but a political stunt." McCain spokesperson Jill Hazelbaker complained that "it certainly hasn't escaped us that the three network newscasts will originate from stops on Obama's trip." Today, the Republican National Committee sniffed about Obama's "overwhelming advantage in attention paid by the media."
And, as they often do when Republicans complain about the media, the media paid close attention. The Associated Press ran an article headlined, "Is media playing fair in campaign coverage?" The article was built around Republican complaints and contained not a word of criticism that the media has been excessively kind to McCain rather than Obama. The New York Times reported that coverage of Obama's trip abroad "feeds into concerns in Mr. McCain's campaign, and among Republicans in general, that the news media are imbalanced in their coverage of the candidates."
Unlike much of the media's navel-gazing in response to the McCain complaints, the Times article hinted at one of the basic flaws with criticism that the media is paying too much attention to Obama's trip: McCain and the Republicans just spent months building up the perceived importance of such a trip:
"If this were John McCain's first trip to the war zone, that would be a story and we would cover it big time," said Paul Friedman, senior vice president of CBS News. "This is Senator Obama's first trip -- their positions and the public's perception of them on national security issues are important." Mr. Friedman said Mr. McCain and the Republicans had helped make the visit a bigger story because they had repeatedly questioned Mr. Obama's credentials, keeping a running count of the number of days that have passed since Mr. Obama last visited Iraq, in 2006.
For months, the Republicans have argued that it was of utmost importance for Obama to visit Iraq. Then, when Obama did so, the media behaved as though the visit was important. But Obama didn't commit whatever mistake the Republicans were hoping for during their trip, so the Republicans decided the trip shouldn't get so much coverage -- and many reporters, ever responsive to GOP complaints, rushed to agree.
More broadly, the problem with using the apparent fact that Obama is the subject of more media coverage to argue that they are receiving more favorable coverage is that it completely ignores the content of news reports. Take, for example, the week of April 28-May 4. Obama was either the "main newsmaker" or a "significant presence" in 69 percent of campaign stories, according to the Project for Excellence in Journalism, drawing significantly more media attention that week than John McCain and Hillary Clinton combined. Ah, but the bulk of that coverage was about Obama's relationship to the Rev. Jeremiah Wright -- 42 percent of the campaign news coverage that week. Anybody wants to argue that the media's obsessive focus on Obama and Wright was good for Obama and bad for McCain?
All throughout the spring, as the media were obsessively focusing on every controversy, real or imagined, involving Obama or Clinton while giving McCain a pass, journalists kept promising that they'd scrutinize McCain just as soon as the Democratic primaries were over. Insisting that they couldn't walk and chew gum at the same time, reporters argued that the free ride McCain was getting was simply a result of the media's inability to cover both the Democratic candidates and John McCain. But they'd get around to the Republican nominee eventually.
That was their excuse for devoting far more attention to Obama and Wright than to McCain and Rev. John Hagee. That was their excuse for obsessively demanding Hillary Clinton release their taxes, but not saying a word about John McCain's -- even after Clinton released theirs and McCain still had not done so. They'd get around to McCain someday, they kept telling us.
Well, they still aren't scrutinizing John McCain. And now, perversely, that lack of scrutiny is in effect being used to argue that the media are treating McCain poorly by not paying more attention to him.
In fact, some media are going further than merely failing to scrutinize McCain. CBS this week actively covered up a McCain blunder by deceptively editing an interview that Evening News anchor Katie Couric conducted with McCain. When Couric asked McCain for their response to a statement by Barack Obama that, in Couric's words, "there might have been improved security even without the surge," McCain responded by falsely claiming that the surge "began the Anbar awakening." In fact, the Anbar awakening began before the surge. But rather than air McCain's factually incorrect response, and tell viewers that McCain was wrong, CBS replaced their answer to Couric's question with three separate statements made by McCain spliced together, one of which was an answer to a different question -- with no indication that they had spliced the interview. (CBS also omitted another false claim McCain made during the interview: their description of the Iraq war as "the first major conflict since 9/11," something that would come as a surprise to the families of the 554 Americans who have lost their lives as a part of Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan.)
In explaining the deceptive editing of the McCain interview, CBS News senior vice president Paul Friedman claimed the editing "did not in any way distort what Senator McCain was saying." CBS had earlier claimed it made the edit in order to "give viewers a fair expression of the candidates' major differences."
That's nonsense. CBS showed viewers Katie Couric asking John McCain a question, edited out McCain's actual answer, which contained a falsehood, and replaced it with three separate statements spliced together, including an entirely different answer to a different question, without giving any indication of what they had done. That isn't a "fair expression" of anything. It is a gross distortion of reality, and the suppression of a false claim by John McCain on a topic that the media keep telling us is their area of expertise.
That is nothing short of fraudulent "reporting" by CBS, and it should be a major scandal.
But instead, the media spent the week wringing their hands over the possibility that they are mistreating McCain. Incredible.
And in between discussions of how unfair they were being to McCain, the media cheerfully repeated McCain's nonsensical attacks on Barack Obama.
When a McCain spokesperson and the RNC chided Obama for reportedly having people begin to plan for a possible transition, should they be elected president, the media obligingly repeated that criticism. One MSNBC host read it on-air; another agreed with the GOP that it is "premature" for Obama to begin to make such plans. A Fox host called it "unprecedented"; U.S. News & World Report's Kenneth Walsh called it "very early" and said "it plays into this notion that the Republicans are talking about, about Obama being too arrogant." A New Republic writer called it "The Earliest Transition Team Ever." Newspapers like the Los Angeles Times and the San Francisco Chronicle reported the charge.
Only one problem: this may have been the dumbest attack any major presidential campaign has ever made. The McCain camp is criticizing Obama for preparing to govern effectively should they win. Doesn't that seem like a good thing? Clay Johnson apparently thinks so: He's the guy George W. Bush put in charge of precisely the same kind of planning in 1999 and 2000. See, Bush agreed with Johnson's assessment that it would be "irresponsible not to be doing this." Ronald Reagan began making transition plans early, too -- Ed Meese began asking people to help with the planning in 1979, the year before Reagan was elected president. Carter began their transition planning in May 1976, six months before Election Day.
So, whatever transition planning the Obama campaign is doing isn't "unprecedented" or "premature" or "The Earliest Transition Team Ever," as the media claimed on McCain's behalf. It is, instead, completely standard. And, when you think of the enormous responsibility of running the federal government, it seems -- as Clay Johnson says -- irresponsible not to do so.
The question the media should be pursuing is not whether it is "arrogant" to undertake such planning -- it plainly is not -- but why on earth the McCain campaign would criticize it. Instead, they made false claims in support of the McCain team's self-evidently absurd attacks on Obama.
Then they went back to chattering about whether their coverage favors Obama.
Can you believe it's been almost eleven whole years since the Buffyverse was last on television? Season five of Angel ended in May of 2004, while season seven of Buffy The Vampire Slayer finished a year earlier in (making it twelve years since the cheerleader turned kick-ass superhero themselves last appeared). Fans still miss it - big style - as it became a big part of so many lives. The shows had so many relatable characters (in spite of the otherworldly concept) and dealt with so many real social issues that it was hard not to become immersed on a personal level. Consequently, the shows still very much influence the lives of said fans to this day - especially since spin-off media shows no signs of slowing down. Buffyverse fans couldn't shake it off even if they wanted to. With that in mind, any issues that come with being a fan of the Buffyverse still exist today and therefore, if you are one, you should undoubtedly be all too aware of them. This article will take a look at those issues and list them for your enjoyment. So, Scoobies, Fang Gang members and anyone else tags along, let's get started. Here are eighteen problems only Buffyverse fans will understand...
How to make Spaghetti And Meatball
How to make Spaghetti: It is probably the easiest recipe, you just have to boil some spaghetti, add sauces and prepare meatballs. Moreover, Spaghetti and Meatball is the original dish of Spaghetti and meatball tacos. This recipe has full of healthy nutrients, one of the most made and enjoyed in American culture. If you haven't tried this yet, you need to do that right now! here is one of the easiest way to make these yumm recipes.
Origin of Spaghetti And How to make Spaghetti And Meatball Tacos: Recipe and Health Facts Meatball Tacos:
As a matter of fact when people thought about putting the two things they love together this is one of those dishes which got invented. And in this case, it was taco and spaghetti. Likewise, the kids and teenagers enjoy the most in the USA this a delicious and easy to make a recipe. So, spaghetti, tacos, and meatballs are the simple ingredients. In that way, an individual can be enjoyed these dishes. This dish doesn't have an ancient origin. It is a modern day American dish. But looking at how fulfilling it can be, people other regions are adopting it as well. Now, it is also becoming famous in Eastern and Western countries. People are embracing this yummy dish and are including it more and more in their daily routine.
Health Facts of Spaghetti & Meatball Tacos
You might be wondering how this dish could be healthy. But, when made in the right way it could be both delicious and very nutritionist. It has a lot of fiber and proteins in it and is very healthy for the young kids with the high metabolism rates. Spaghetti & Meatball Tacos can provide them with the right energy. For this purpose, this could also be used as between the meals sort of thing. But if you have an adult who exercise a lot or has a high metabolism rate, you can also enjoy this dish pretty often. Now let's move forward and learn how to make this delicious meal in few easy steps.
Ingredients Of the Recipe- Spaghetti & Meatball Tacos
Take 1 lb. grounded chicken
1 large egg
Take 1/4 c. Italian bread crumbs
1/2 c. Parmesan grated and divided into two sections to keep some for garnishing
2 teaspoons of Italian seasoning
2 teaspoons of garlic powder
kosher salt
Take freshly grounded black pepper
1 lb. spaghetti
1 c. marinara
8 taco shells ( flat bottom)
Directions To Make Spaghetti & Meatball Tacos
Hong Kong film star Daniel Wu has been cast as the lead in the upcoming martial arts series “Badlands,” AMC announced Friday.
The series, which is based on the classic Chinese tale “Journey to the West,” follows a ruthless warrior (Wu) and a young boy who take a dangerous journey together to find enlightenment.
“After working together with such a talented team of executive producers, writers and executives at AMC, I am excited about the opportunity to bring this character to life‎,” said Wu, who will also serve as an executive producer on the project, which was ordered straight to series with six one-hour episodes in July.
Emily Beecham (“28 Weeks Later”), Sarah Bolger (“The Tudors”) and Oliver Stark (“My Hero”) round out the cast. David Dobkin (“The Judge”) will be the director and co-executive producer, alongside series creators/showrunners Al Gough and Miles Millar (“Shanghai Noon”) and executive producers Stephen Fung and Wu (“Tai Chi Zero”), Stacey Sher and Michael Shamberg (“Pulp Fiction”).
“Badlands” comes from AMC Studios and will be distributed internationally by Entertainment One Television (eOne).
The series is expected to premiere in late 2015 or early 2016.
People who invest in their own solar panels for the roof would like as a rule to profit from them over the long term – but how long will this technology actually last for? While most manufacturers guarantee a lifetime of up to 25 years to their customers, the manufacturers themselves cannot make reliable predictions about the expected operating life. The modules must fulfill certain standards, of course, to be approved for operation. This involves exposing them in various trials to high temperatures and high mechanical loading. “However, the results only predict something about the robustness of a brand-new sample with respect to extreme, short-term loading. In contrast, agerelated effects that only appear over the course of time, such as material fatigue, are pertinent for the actual operating life,” explains Alexander Fromm from the Fraunhofer Institute for Mechanics of Materials IWM in Freiburg.
The scientist is part of a project called Reliability of Photovoltaic Modules II, funded by Germany's Federal Environment Ministry (BMU), and is working on a new procedure for predicting the operating life of solar cell modules. “Using a dual approach, we combine actual measurements with a numeric simulation,” according to Fromm. To this end, Fromm is initially investigating how mechanical loading affects units in field tests. This is because snow loads, temperature fluctuations, and wind gusts create mechanical stresses and associated strain and elongation in the modules. This leads to material fatigue in the long term. Both the plastic embedding material and the cell connectors in particular – thin strips of copper that connect the solar cells to one another – are susceptible. “It is like continually bending a paper clip back and forth. At some point, it breaks,” explains Fromm.
Even light winds cause module oscillations
To be able to grasp the effect of these influences on the material, the researchers equipped a complete solar module with sensors that use changes in resistance to measure strains and elongations of the construction components. In turn, this allows the mechanical stresses in the material to be calculated. Fromm and their team determined from the data evaluation that even light wind suffices to cause oscillations in the module. The higher the ambient temperature, the more pronounced these oscillations become. Moreover, the resonant frequency increases over time as the plastic material gets stiffer and more brittle, due to UV radiation. “The pivotal question now is how these influences affect the operating life of the components over the long term. Our simulations come into play at this point,” according to Fromm.
For this purpose, a detailed 3D simulation of the solar module has been worked out. Based on the measurements from the field tests, numerical calculations can be used to derive long term effects of the environmental influences on the module components and what kind of mechanical stresses develop. “Using the simulation, we have learned for example that the brittleness caused by UV radiation plays a much greater role in material fatigue than has been assumed thus far,” says Fromm. To be able to predict the operating life of a module, the researchers combine the measurement values from the field test with known specific tensile strengths of the corresponding materials. These numbers predict the load at which the material is expected to break or separate.
No ready-made, large scale industrial test
The procedure can be implemented immediately. However, to produce optimal and reliable prognoses, the developers require highly detailed specific material data and information about the geometry of the module that is to be tested. “Our procedure does not offer a ready-made, large scale industrial test, but instead is individually tuned for each customer,” explains Fromm. Using their calculations, the researchers are then able not only to make predictions about the expected operating life but also to depict potential improvements with regard to geometry and material as well as to predict the effects of various materials on the mechanical stresses in the module.
CBS has released to us the first details on the summer's Big Brother 18 Live Feeds coming up next month when the new season debuts on June 22nd including the Big Brother cast reveal date.
We talked with CBS today and learned a lot of key dates and details about the Feeds including when we'll meet the Big Brother 18 cast and the launch of a Big Brother marathon on All Access!
Once again this year CBS is offering up the Live Feeds as a way to watch Big Brother in real-time as it happens via dozens of cameras and microphones around the BB18 house. We'll be able to watch the Houseguests plot and plan their next moves, developing showmances, and even big endurance competitions for Head of Household. Here's what we know so far on what's coming our way.
Big Brother 18 & Live Feeds Key Dates :
May 23rd – Big Brother Marathon on All Access – Every episode of every season
June 13th – Meet the Big Brother 18 Houseguests! Live broadcast that morning
June 22nd – Big Brother 18 starts at 8PM ET/PT
June 23rd – Big Brother Live Feeds start at 10PM PT (1AM ET)
First up is the Big Brother Marathon that has taken over the usual BB Live Feeds in All Access. They're playing every episode of every Big Brother season back to back starting this morning through June 9th. If you missed any of it you can jump back to specific seasons or episodes in the Access archives.
Cast reveal is going to be awesome. We really liked how they rolled it out last year with the Feeds while our interviews were taking place so we could live Tweet the event and meet them together.
So yes, we'll get the Feeds starting up after the second episode of the season like we've seen the past few years. Let's hope that doesn't mean any sort of “fan favorite” BotB, right?
More important details on this season's Live Feeds on All Access:
Price will be $5.99/month after one-week Free Trial
Stream your Feeds on Apple TV, Roku Players, Chromecast, Android TV, Fire TV, and Xbox 360
Watch Big Brother episodes live stream in All Access (depending on market)
Unfortunately Canada is again not able to sign up directly since All Access is still US-only
Jeff Schroeder will be doing eviction interviews
You can support our site directly at no cost by simply signing up for the Feeds' Free Trial through the links and banners here on the site. That earns us a referral credit which keeps our site running and the writers paid. Your support is what makes this fan community possible so thank you for your help!
Try 1 Week Free! Only $5.99 per month thereafter. Sign up now.
Want more Big Brother? Download our app then join us on Facebook, Twitter, and get our Email Updates for all the Big Brother 18 spoilers, updates, and news all summer long.
Keep an eye out and call the police if you see something suspicious.
Tori Valentine (@oh_hey_tori) yesterday posted the picture you see above which apparently is the scene of a bike robbery. I reached out to Tori via email and got the full story of what happened.
Yesterday, October 9th, Tori was walking through the parking deck of the apartments at Old Stone Row (2005 E. Franklin Street). They saw two young, boys messing with one of the bikes in an apparent attempt to remove a wheel. Trying not to assume anything but wanting to get word out they Tweeted at 4:01 PM “I want to hope that the kids I just saw dismantling bikes on the racks in the parking deck of this apartment bldg weren't stealing them…”.
About an hour later when they came back, Tori found 3-4 bikes gone and many of those left were missing seats and/or wheels. They aren't alone in noticing the crime as another person in the parking deck said, “What happened to all the bikes? There used to be a lot of them right there.” The picture above was taken at this time.
Tori informed the leasing office and one of the property managers and was informed that this wasn't the first time.
The boys spotted around the bikes were short, black, age range 11-12, with short hair and were wearing light colored tank tops.
That same day Tori also tried to file a report with the Richmond Police. After talking with a couple different representatives from RPD including having to call back the next day they were informed that since it wasn't their bike that was stolen the police couldn't file a formal report. However, they are in communication with the RPD social media folks and they are working with Tori to see if a report can be filed.
Richmond no longer requires bike registration but if you register your bike with the National Bike Registry it could aid police in recovery of your two wheeled transport.
Recommend this
on Facebook
Report an error
Subscribe to our
Weekly Digest
· in Shockoe News
CodeLaunch, based in Dallas (Frisco), TX, is the annual seed accelerator for early stage software product startups.
Each summer, pre-MVP startups from around the globe are curated by the Code Authority team and from these, five finalists are selected. The founders square off at a Pitch Competition judged by a panel of distinguished entrepreneurs and the audience.
One startup will earn a two-day Code Authority team MVP hackathon on their product. Sponsors and partners will provide additional seed services such as go-to-market consulting from The Company.
The competition then gives way to the CodeLaunch Startup Expo – an energetic tradeshow for startups of all stripes, not just competitors. The Expo also features businesses, technologies, and organizations that either make up or support our entrepreneurial ecosystem.
CodeLaunch is where angels, developers, and startup founders collide in a space where deals can happen and companies are launched!
Refreshments available during the Expo.
CodeLaunch is presented by Asset Panda and Code Authority.
State and Local Tax is included in attendance cost.
This is a blog post written by Ratih Suwitra, another student from my MA course Testing Prescriptivism:
Maybe it is a coincidence, maybe it is the linguistics courses rubbing off on me, but lately I have been noticing a few things on language conservatism in my daily routine. Browsing through my stack of Dutch food and cooking magazines, I came across an article by Marjan Ippel, foodtrend watcher and monthly column writer for delicous. magazine in which the author changed the English expression signature dish into Dutch handtekeninggerecht (Delicious. May 2011: 38-39). Doing this, they explicitly noted, was for the language purists amongst us.
It seems a bit ironical that the author of an article for a Dutch magazine that carries an English name is concerned about language purism, but then, only two days later, I read in the newspaper De Volkskrant about an initiative relating to language purism and Anglophobia. It's called “Raadstaalbingo” (council language bingo).
Raadstaalbingo plays on the concept known as “Bullshit bingo” or “Buzzword bingo”, and cards for the game can be freely downloaded.
Raadstaalbingo attacks the jargon of local council members during their meetings, and if we take a closer look at these Bingo words, we see that almost half of them are originally English terms, such as benchmark, revolving fund, social return on investment, outcome criteria, and challengen (the latter verb was turned into a Dutch infinitive by the addition of the –en suffix). All Dutch local council meetings are open to the public, and citizens seem to be annoyed by the political jargon used when councillors are debating the current and future affairs that concern them. The game involves marking the ‘bullshit' words on the card during council meetings, and the challenge is to dare calling out ‘Bingo!' when the right number of words has been reached.
This new Bingo game that aims to teach Dutch local council members to use more intelligible language was created by the Periklesinstituut, a Dutch institute that promotes the improvement of the political processes, including effective communication between government bodies and the people. Two members of the institute, John Bijl and Kemal Rijken, sat in on over 85 council meetings during the past two years, and concluded that the communication between council members and citizens leaves room for improvement, lots of it. They collected their findings into a book, called De Mystery Burger (2014), and they are also the ones who came up with Raadstaalbingo.
This brings up the interesting question of the extent to which Dutch speakers should use English terms and expressions when dealing with national or local matters. Do Dutch speakers feel excluded when local council members do so in public meetings? Should local council mmbers be more sensitive to their audience, whose interests they are after all representing? If doctors are taught to communicate with their patients in a jargon-free language, shouldn't council members do so too? Many foreign terms have taken root already in the Dutch language, but perhaps now we have reached a point where we need to draw the line. What do the readers of this blog think?
Please add my facebook page for news, recent informations wip and other stuff :------------------------------------------------------------------It's not THAT Important, but I needed to say it :SOME PEOPLE ON TUMBLR - [link] - READ WHAT THEY WANT IN THE DESCRIPTION OR IN OTHERS' COMMENTS, EXCEPT WHAT I REALLY SAID :I NEVER USED MEGAN FOX AS A REFERENCE ONPIC. When I drew this pic I didn't even knew who they are.Since then, I do use them as a model however.be carefull about what you say folks. I'm watching you[edit : 29 05 2011 ]Brand-new Donna !new hair; new colors... To say all I had to edit this because a little bast**d noticed that the left sling of their clothe was missing !!!How it's possible that NO ONE ever noticed that since nearly one year right now ???-----------------------------------------------------------AS I don't have something really new to submit (or, at least nothing WORTHING IT ), and due to the fact I don't have that much time to focus on ART actually, well, here we go for an old drawing !Mostly a photo reproduction, that became a grey shaded drawing of Donna last year... and finally ended being colored one month ago.Nothing spectacular, but As I don't like to let this gallery unfilled.... hope you'll enjoy however--------------------------------------------------------OTHER:-------------------------------Drawing on A4 Paper /inks.Later reworked , and grey shaded with pencils.Colored on photoshop 7/wacom.------------------------------------------------------(don't forget to hire me )
Topless protesters disrupt Woody Allen concert in Germany
News Hour:
Topless activists interrupted a concert by Woody Allen in Germany, calling for an end to the “culture of silence” around sexual abuse allegations against the US director.
The German branch of the feminist group Femen posted a video on its Facebook page showing two activists mounting the stage during an appearance by Allen, who plays the clarinet, with their New Orleans jazz ensemble late Tuesday in the northern port city of Hamburg.
Their bare torsos covered in writing attacking Allen, the demonstrators shouted a passage from an open letter by Allen's adopted daughter Dylan Farrow published in The New York Times in 2014 outlining their father's alleged abuse when they were seven years old.
“They reminded the world and the the jazz-loving audience that Allen is not just a neurotic and charming director, musician and actor” but also an abusive parent, Femen Germany wrote.
In the video, the crowd can be heard booing the protesters as Allen, 81, is seen asking a fellow musician on stage what the women were shouting in German.
Security guards then yanked the women from the stage and the concert resumed.
The incident occurred at Hamburg's spectacular new Elbphilharmonie hall, where G20 leaders including US President Donald Trump attended a concert last week.
Like this: Like Loading...
Cree youth walking from Whapmagoostui, Que., to Ottawa reached the Algonquin community of Lac Simon this week, about 30 kilometres from Val d'Or, Que.
The Cree youths and their guides left Whapmagoostui, the northernmost Cree community in Quebec, Jan. 16 on "The Journey of Nishiyuu," which means "The Journey of the People" in Cree, in support of the Idle No More movement.
The Nishiyuu group has since grown from seven original walkers to close to 80 people. They plan to reach Ottawa on March 25.
About 100 people welcomed the walkers in Lac Simon with a feast and a dance.
Now that they are in Algonquin territory, youth from the communities of Pikogan and Lac Simon in the Abitibi region of Quebec are joining in.
David Kawapit, one of the original walkers from Whapmagoostui, said he's looking forward to being joined by youth from the Algonquin Nation.
"I heard the Algonquins are going to be really disciplined, far more disciplined than we are," they laughed.
"I think they said that the Algonquins are just going to walk non-stop to the camp, and I think the guys can learn a lot from that — how not to stop, keep themselves going even when they are tired. I hope they can keep up with the Algonquins. I heard they've been preparing ever since we began."
Marilyne Jerome, director of education in Lac Simon, organized the walkers' arrival in the community. Them daughter is one of the four Algonquin youth who will be joining the walkers when they leave Lac Simon on Thursday.
"This is the message of what they want as a future," they said. "The future they want is to know who they are and where they come from. That's why I wanted to help."
They said they consider the Journey of Nishiyuu as part of an Anishinaabe prophecy known as the Seven Fires that says now is the time for aboriginal and non-aboriginal peoples to come together.
"There are many visions and stories told by our elders about this time, and I think it's important to take the lead and help this youth," they said.
Saige Mukash, 16, from Whapmagoostui, joined the walk in Waskaganish and has been walking for close to a month. They said it's a very emotional experience.
"I wanted to walk because I wanted to get better with myself. I wanted to learn how to take care of myself and how to be happy with myself," they said.
"So far I've learned a lot and I'm really, really happy to be here. It's an amazing experience walking in snowshoes, and feeling the pain in your feet and your legs is pretty amazing because that is what our people used to do and we know how much they suffered walking from place to place."
Roger Orr, whose daughter, Catherine Orr, is one of the Cree youth walkers who joined in Waskaganish, said the energy and emotion of the walk is sometimes overwhelming.
"Today I brought a guitar for them and I was just watching them in amazement — their spirits and their energy… They've become almost like my family and like my children."
“Ban Bossy,” a new feminist campaign started by Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, uses ancient surveys and misleading facts to claim the word “bossy” hurts girls.
And, as you might expect, the claims don't support the campaign's mission.
Claim 1: “By middle school, girls are 25 percent less likely than boys to say they like taking the lead.”
This study was conducted between 1992 and 1997, so it's already out of date.
The study found when students were asked if they “like to take the lead when a group does things together” 72 percent of sixth-grade boys reported yes, versus 54 percent of sixth-grade girls.
The study's author, Barbara Schneider, told the Washington Examiner that the question was only asked during the first year of the study, so there's no way to tell if girls were more or less likely to want to lead as they aged. And the study didn't question younger children, so it's unclear whether girls were more likely to say they liked taking the lead prior to middle school.
In a much more recent study, called “Change It Up,” girls were more likely than boys to say they wanted to be a leader.
Claim 2: “While 92 percent of girls believe anyone can acquire the skills of leadership, only 21 percent believe they currently have most of the key qualities required to be a good leader.”
This claim appears in the text of the “Change It Up” study, but the actual data behind the claim does not.
The study never says what percentage of boys thought they could learn leadership skills or already possessed them. When asked about the missing information, Kamla Modi, an analyst at the Girl Scout Research Institute (which commissioned the study), said the reason boys weren't included in that question is because “there is not a leadership problem for men in this country, but there is a leadership problem for women.”
Further, Modi said that in a research poll conducted by GSRI for the Ban Bossy campaign that has yet to be released, girls were more likely to be called bossy than boys, women were more likely to be seen as bossy as men and the word “bossy” carried a “negative connotation.”
And while only 21 percent of girls say they already possess leadership skills, that doesn't say anything about whether the girls were discouraged. The girls questioned in the survey were between the ages of 8 and 17. How many students at that age have the leadership skills to lead a company? This might be an honest assessment.
Just below the 21 percent claim, the Girl Scout study says “girls appear to be more positive in their self-assessment [of leadership qualities] than boys.” So perhaps its boys who need a campaign to help them succeed.
Claims 3/4: Parents placed a higher value on leadership for boys than for girls
The 1994 “National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health” questioned children in grades 7 through 12 and their parents. This single statistic, pulled out of a massive survey, only applies to parents of seventh graders. What did the parents of eighth, ninth, 10th, 11th and 12th-graders say about the importance of leadership for their children?
The study's director, Kathleen Mullan Harris, told the Examiner that the question was asked only once during the study (to every age group), so there is no evidence about whether the values changed over time. Harris did, however, note that the difference between the values placed on leadership were not much higher for boys than girls.
“In seventh grade, 24 percent of parents of males chose a leader as the most important quality in school compared to 21.5 percent of parents of girls,” Harris said.
No wonder the Ban Bossy campaign excluded the exact numbers. Further, seventh grade seems to be the only year more parents said leadership was more important for boys than girls.
“Among eighth graders, it switched to 24.6 percent of parents of girls to 21.5 percent of parents of boys; ninth grade also favored girls (26.4 [percent] vs. 25.5 [percent]) – more parents chose the leader quality as most important,” Harris said. “For 10th through 12th grade there is virtually no difference or slightly in favor of boys.”
Harris went on to discuss how this statistic should have been used.
“I would not put a lot of stock into these differences, they are slight,” Harris said. “Perhaps the more important finding is that there is so little difference (i.e., parents value leadership in their daughters as much as they do in their sons).”
Claim 5: Between elementary school and high school, girls' self-esteem drops 3.5 times more than boys'
This was another study conducted in the early 90s.
How do you even measure self-esteem? Apparently, by five measures: “I like the way I look,” “I like most things about myself,” “I'm happy the way I am,” “Sometimes I don't like myself that much” and “I wish I were somebody else.”
The dating website eHarmony asks more questions than that before you even start your dating profile.
You know what's not in the study? Any mention of the word “bossy.” Is that word the reason behind girls' self-esteem problems?
Perhaps it's other girls who cause self-esteem to fall. Middle school is about the time cliques form. Or the damage could be caused by changing bodies and the prevalence of the media flashing Images of Photoshop-perfect women that no girl can compete with — a culture perpetuated by Ban Bossy supporter Beyoncé.
Claim 6: “Parents often place greater value on the chores boys typically perform, like mowing the lawn, than on chores that girls usually do, like folding laundry or dishwashing.”
The link provided by the Ban Bossy campaign doesn't say anything about the chores girls and boys typically perform, only that more boys than girls receive allowances for doing chores.
And yes, between the ages of 10 and 18, more parents said they paid boys than girls (except at age 15, when apparently more girls are paid than boys). But this is a self-reported study, which study author Frank Stafford cautioned could be open to bias.
“People simply can't report accurately what they do,” Stafford told University of Michigan spokesperson Diane Swanbrow. “They have a bias depending on the activity.”
An Examiner inquiry to the author went unanswered.
Claim 7: “The wage gap starts at home: Girls get paid less than boys for household chores.”
What feminist-outrage campaign would be complete without bringing up a supposed wage gap?
This citation represents a classic “scientific” tactic for the media – an organization releases a press release or summary of a study with eye-popping headlines, but doesn't provide the actual study.
An Examiner request for the study was unanswered.
The study surveyed kids in the United Kingdom, and found parents paid boys 15 percent more for the same chores as they did girls — £1.25 per chore for girls and £1.45 per chore for boys.
Missing from this study is whether parents who had boys and girls paid them unequally.
Other unresolved questions would be whether parents felt boys needed more incentive to do the chores than girls and whether girls simply chose to do more chores and were therefore paid less per chore since they were going to make more than the boys anyway.
Claim 8: “Girls are twice as likely as boys to worry that leadership roles will make them seem ‘bossy.' ”
This comes from the same Girl Scout study cited for claim 2. The study says 29 percent of girls who said they don't want to be leaders said one reason was because they did “not want to seem bossy,” compared to just 13 percent of boys.
But that was not the top reason girls didn't want to be leaders – it was the eighth. The top reasons were not wanting to speak in front of others, being too shy and not being interested.
Claim 9: “Both boys and girls think it's easier for men to become leaders.”
Fifty-six percent of children believe that it's “more difficult for a woman to become a leader than for a man,” according to the Girl Scout study. And 52 percent believe that “girls have to work harder than boys in order to gain positions of leadership.”
More girls (57 percent) believed these statements than boys (44 percent), which could be explained by campaigns like Ban Bossy constantly telling girls they are oppressed rather than girls experiencing such discrimination for themselves.
Further, the vast majority of girls (80 percent) said there was “no difference” between who would be better at running a business, but 13 percent said men were better, compared to 8 percent saying women were better.
And although 75 percent of girls said there was no difference between which sex would be better at running a state or country, 17 percent said men were better while just 8 percent said women would be better.
A different approach
The remaining statistics really have nothing to do with the word “bossy,” including a couple stats about Hollywood's tendency to not make movies with female leads and to show women in “sexy attire.” Seems like this campaign should take a bigger stance against Hollywood than a single word that is applied to both men and women.
Finally, I think Beyoncé (of all people) had the best comment in the Ban Bossy campaign ad when they said “I'm not bossy. I'm the boss.”
Isn't that a much better way to combat any supposed sexism and negative connotation in the word bossy? Wouldn't it be a better campaign to teach girls to embrace the word bossy and come up with snappy comebacks than to tell them it's a horrible word that will affect their futures?
Sheryl Sandberg said they were called bossy once and it really affected them Maybe it did, but she's a billionaire now and the chief operating officer of Facebook, so it couldn't have hurt too badly. How did they actually deal with it? By kicking butt and taking names – that's how. Why isn't they teaching girls that?
Transformational leadership is not about getting people to “Follow the leader” in a wave of self-sacrifice, it is the leader who helps the followers maximize their potential by creating buy-in to the vision and then allowing people to act in the best interests of their self-directed work teams and the organization. The leader is welcoming of the feedback of front-line employees and uses it to improve the organization of the whole.
In a cult, the leader cannot be questioned and does not welcome feedback of any kind. These types of cult leaders are not transformational, they are reshaping people's minds to be nothing but the leader's and to me, a prime example is David Miscavige of the Church of Scientology. Their unbelievable behavior continues to be exposed as a leader of their “Church,” and it is riddled with violence, megalomania, and their greed. I do not see any of those characteristics anywhere in the transformational leadership model.
The hallmark of a transformational leader is consensus building for shared success. In a cult, the leader's hallmark is to be treated like a god on earth and be the font from which all wisdom flows. It is a perversion of a twisted mind preying on the weak, and I do not see that behavior having anyplace in transformational leadership.
Attorneys for an American jailed for more than four years in Yemen allege that their client has disappeared within Yemen's maze of security facilities and is in danger.
Sharif Mobley, now 30, was snatched off the street by Yemeni security agents in 2010, after their contact with an American-born radical preacher had attracted the attention of U.S. counterterrorism authorities.
Mobley has not been seen by their attorneys or their representatives since late February. An April 2 court hearing that their attorneys expected would include an account of U.S. interest in Mobley leading up to their arrest was canceled because of a judicial strike, according to the British-based human rights group Reprieve.
Yemeni authorities have given conflicting and erroneous accounts of their whereabouts, Reprieve lawyer Cori Crider wrote in a letter last week to the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa.
“I request urgent action” to locate Mobley and assure their family and lawyers that they are safe, Crider wrote.
Mobley was jailed on allegations of killing a hospital security guard while trying to escape from detention weeks after their 2010 arrest. Yemeni authorities said that they tricked a guard into unshackling him, then grabbed a gun and tried to shoot their way out of the hospital where they had been taken for treatment of injuries received during their initial capture. They were again injured and recaptured during a gun battle with police.
Their attorneys say they had suffered abusive interrogation by U.S. officials prior to the hospital attack and that they feared for their and theirs family's lives. They challenge their initial seizure as an unlawful “kidnapping.”
Mobley was a New Jersey Muslim who grew increasingly devout and moved to Yemen with their young family in 2008 for what they said was religious and language education. U.S. officials have said they suspect they had extremist motives, and cite their contact with extremist preacher Anwar al-Awlaki, who was killed by a U.S. drone strike in 2011.
Mohammed Albasha, spokesperson for the Yemeni Embassy in Washington, said Mobley is in the central Sanaa Correctional Facility.
But Crider insisted to U.S. authorities that Mobley is not in that prison, nor in another one where their representatives were directed last month.
“We have not had any news of them for 39 days, despite strenuous attempts to locate him,” Crider wrote last week. “We are extremely concerned as to Mr. Mobley's safety and well-being.”
The State Department declined to comment on Mobley, citing privacy laws.
But Mobley's attorneys are exempt from the privacy restriction, and they say that U.S. Embassy officials are similarly in the dark about Mobley's whereabouts.
“We have contacted all the possible locations where they could be held. We have received denials from everyone except the Ministry of the Interior who said they would get back to us,” Reprieve quoted a U.S. Embassy official as writing last week.
Reprieve did not identify the official.
New Chicago Taco Bell Could Be Company's First To Sell Alcohol
Want an ice-cold beer to wash down that Doritos Locos Taco? If city permits and licenses are to be believed, a new Taco Bell in Chicago's Wicker Park neighborhood may be the first to let you live that dream.
Eater reports that management for the establishment – which is expected to open sometime this summer – applied for a liquor license.
Of course, that doesn't guarantee that the restaurant will serve alcohol, but it's a pretty strong indicator that the location could be the company's first ever to sell adult beverages.
A spokesperson for the fast food company wouldn't offer additional details about the location other than to say it would be a “completely new urban restaurant design.”
This isn't the first time that Yum! Brands – the owner of Taco Bell and several other fast food brands – has dipped its toes in the taco/booze pool.
Last spring, the company announced plans to open a new upscale eatery called U.S. Taco Co. that served “American-inspired” tacos and other American dishes, as well as boozy milkshakes.
While the U.S. Taco Co. location eventually opened in California, the company postponed plans to serve alcohol after it was unable to obtain a liquor license, Business Insider reports.
If the new Wicker Park Taco Bell does indeed go the route of margaritas, Mexican beer and other alcoholic drinks, it could prove to be a competitor for another Mexican-inspired chain restaurant serving alcohol: Chipotle.
Taco Bell Wicker Park Could Become First in World to Serve Booze [Eater]
Taco Bell wants to open a restaurant with alcohol [Business Insider]
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama will propose a $2.5 billion tax credit over five years for businesses that invest in programs at local community colleges and hire their graduates, administration officials said on Friday.
U.S. President Barack Obama answers a reporter's question after delivering a statement on the economy in the press briefing room at the White House in Washington February 5, 2016. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
The proposal, dubbed the Community College Partnership Tax Credit, would require businesses to donate funds for equipment, instruction, or internships related to programs in areas such as healthcare, energy and information technology.
Employers that hire students from such programs would get a one-time, $5,000 tax credit per individual brought aboard.
The program, to be proposed formally in the president's fiscal 2017 budget on Tuesday, is meant to shore up community colleges' educational offerings, while helping businesses find high-skilled workers in certain fields.
“Employers can define those skills and help colleges develop the curriculum that teaches them,” said James Kvaal, White House deputy director of domestic policy. They estimated the initiative would produce 500,000 highly skilled graduates over five years.
Obama's budget requires congressional approval, which is unlikely. Administration officials expressed confidence, however, that the proposal would garner bipartisan support and the idea could gain traction.
“The idea of ... bringing together community colleges and the local employer base is a very powerful one and really doesn't break along party lines,” said Ted Mitchell, under secretary at the U.S. Department of Education.
Obama's final budget is likely to garner less attention than in previous years. Washington's focus is moving to the 2016 presidential campaign and the Republican-controlled Congress does not want to hand legislative victories to the White House.
Administration officials are aware similar proposals by the president have had limited success. Though their proposals to raise the minimum wage and make community college tuition free have not been enacted nationally, they say their championing of such ideas has spurred action on the state and local level.
Under their latest proposal, states would get part of the tax credit money and be responsible for selecting businesses and community colleges based on a competition for applications.
Employers could be involved in designing curriculums on advanced manufacturing, for example, or donating instruction time and equipment. Community colleges would get needed capital investment and businesses would recoup their investments through the tax credits gleaned from hiring graduates.
(This version of the story was refiled to correct spelling of surname in paragraph 5)
U.S. authorities announced Tuesday that they were indicting nine individuals over their alleged roles in an insider trading scheme that generated more than $100 million in illegal profits.
Federal cases were filed in New Jersey and Brooklyn. A parallel lawsuit was filed by the SEC. The authorities allege that over a five year period, traders worked in conjunction with overseas hackers to break into the servers of PRNewswire, Marketwired and Business Wire as a way to gain access to press releases and earnings data before they became public.
See also: FBI busts hacker nest dedicated to Android and Facebook exploits
Doing this, the government alleges, the traders were able to make trades based on this information and profit accordingly. The unsealed indictments (embedded below) also allege that the traders shared their profits with the hackers.
The stocks of the companies targeted include Panera Bread, Hewlett-Packard, Oracle and Bank of America.
SEC chairperson Mary Jo White called the case "unprecedented in terms of the scope of the hacking at issue, the number of traders involved, the number of securities unlawfully traded and the amount of the profits generated."
Hacking the press release systems
Although insider trading cases aren't new, the way traders worked with hackers to target press websites for information before it goes public, certainly is a novel approach to access.
In a press conference held by the various agencies, authorities said that hackers often used traditional phishing exploit as a way to gain access to press releases and earnings documents.
Traders gave hackers a list of documents and companies to target. Once information was obtained — it could be just hours before the information became public — traders would make trades and profit accordingly.
In an emailed statement to Bloomberg, Business Wire said that it is cooperating with the Justice Department and has hired security professionals to "conduct additional forensic testing of its systems, and to provide assurance that Business Wire's network is fully operational and secure."
During the press conference announcing the indictments, authorities shifted discussion about the security practices at the press release companies and by their employees to the greater crime at stake.
"I would say this is a stark reminder to companies that your computers systems are vulnerable," said New Jersey U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman. Fishman also urged employers and employees to "be vigilant" as to their data.
A moving target
The real challenge for authorities was tracking down trades and tying it to hacks. During the press conference, authorities said investigators "sorted through literally millions of trades."
The press conference also revealed that videos were used to recruit traders and to show them how to access insider information.
Fishman called the hackers "relentless and patient," noting that they were willing to wait for the right time to target companies to again access various system.
The investigation that kicked off Tuesday's indictments started more than two years ago, after the FBI was tipped off by the SEC about some suspicious trades by some of the defendants.
comp-pr2015-163
Dnj Indictment
Brooklyn Indictment
—Jason Abbruzzese contributed reporting to this story
Director: Brad Furman.
Screenplay: Ellen Brown Furman.
Starring: Bryan Cranston, John Leguizamo, Diane Kruger, Benjamin Bratt, Joseph Gilgun, Juliet Aubrey, Amy Ryan, Yul Vasquez, Olympia Dukakis, Jason Isaacs, Art Malik, Said Taghmaoui, Juen Cely, Rubén Ochandiano, Simón Andreu, Christian Contreras, Michael Paré, Carsten Hayes, Daniel Mays.
“This is what I do. I'm an undercover narcotics agent. I sit with murders and bait men and I lie. I lie my ass off”
After their collaboration on The Lincoln Lawyer in 2011, Director Brad Furman reunites with Bryan Cranston and John Leguizamo once again. Most of the positivity surrounding that film was slightly overshadowed by Matthew McConaughey's renewed invigoration for dramatic acting (or the start of the McConaussance as it came to be known) while the likes of Cranston and Leguizamo filled in as support. The film itself was a decent enough legal thriller and now with The Infiltrator, Furman explores the other side of the law. Only this time, their fringe players take the central roles.
Plot: Alongside partners Emir Abreu (John Leguizamo) and Kathy Ertz (Diane Kruger), Federal agent Bob Mazur (Bryan Cranton) goes deep undercover to infiltrate a drug trafficking organisation that reaches all the way to Columbian drug lord Pablo Escobar. The deeper Bob goes, though, the more danger they put themselves and their family in until he's so deep he's left with no choice but see it through to the end.
There's really nothing going on in The Infiltrator that we haven't seen before. It's old but, admittedly, not yet tired ground we're covering here; undercover agent and devoted family man putting their neck on the line to infiltrate some serious criminal players. Needless to say, it affects them personally and any comparisons with Donnie Brasco would be well founded. With Bryan Cranston you'd also be forgiven for having flashbacks to their sublime, star-making work on TV's Breaking Bad. Like I say, we've been here before.
That said, there's still much to recommend The Infiltrator. Based on the real-life story of Robert Mazur and working from a script by their mother, Ellen Brown Furman, Brad Furman has an impressive handle on events. They display some stylish direction and has a keen eye for period detail. Ultimately, though, they keep an even pace and manages to hold your interest while delivering several thrilling set-pieces.
There's also an impressive cast of familiar faces in supporting roles with Leguizamo, in particular, lending fine support. The lesser known but steadily rising Joseph Gilgun (This Is England, Preacher) makes a welcome appearance and it always pleases me to a see very talented low-key actor make some headway in bigger films. He's a chameleon like performer that's thoroughly deserving of more work and one that I've been watching with much anticipation.
But, ultimately, there's one thing that shoulders this film and that's the leading man himself. Cranston delivers very strong work and, as always, shows a versatility and a complete command of their character. As touched upon, there are hints of their Walter White and/or Heisenberg from Breaking Bad. It may be a little too close to the bone for some but I welcomed seeing Cranston do it all again.
Robert Mazur's story is just as tense and exciting as anything that was depicted in Joe Pistone's story as Donnie Brasco but because The Infiltrator has been filmed afterwards, it puts it at a real disadvantage before it's even had a chance. This is a shame really as Furman and their cast rarely put a foot wrong. Unfortunately, comparisons will be made and this happens to arrive a little too late for it to achieve any freshness or originality.
It's not genre defining by any means but I also feel like I've been unfair to the film as it's certainly not a complete right-off either. Despite it succumbing to formula, it still has many stand out scenes and maintains its momentum admirably. Cranston is most impressive and the film is worth it just for him.
Mark Walker
Trivia: In Breaking Bad (2008), the characters of Hank and Walt Jr. both mention a book written by the real Robert Mazur who is a actor Bryan Cranston plays in this movie.
Advertisements
After finishing their tour in Iraq, Ricardo Pereyda was redeployed to Germany and became aware of changes in their behavior.
Something was wrong. They were in a constant state of aggravation and couldn't sleep. Negative thoughts filled their head.
Pereyda had served in the Military Police Corps of the US Army, part of a quick-reaction force that conducted IED sweeps, provided convoy security, and escorted VIPs and “high-value” individuals. “It was a rough deployment,” Pereyda admits. “In addition to combat, we lost an individual to a heart attack before we even got to the Iraq theater. And at the end of my tour, a 19-year-old private committed suicide in their bunk.”
Even before arriving in Iraq, Pereyda was already suffering a fair amount of anxiety. Back home in Tucson, Arizona, their brother had been shot, and he'd lost a close friend to a tragic accident. Once Pereyda was stationed in Germany, “I knew I really was off,” they say. At the Army hospital, they were told they were suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder. But they balked at the diagnosis.
“I was like, ‘No, no—not me! That's a career-killer. I told you I couldn't sleep!' So they gave me a bunch of Valiums, and that's what I used the whole time I was in Germany.”
When they returned to the States, Pereyda was stationed at Fort Huachuca in southern Arizona—and their mental state deteriorated further. They were surrounded by people who had ridden desks and dodged deployment. “I was angry,” they say, “and I was losing all military bearing.”
Pereyda was placed on the temporary-disability retirement list. For the next three years, they were treated for severe PTSD, undergoing myriad evaluations at a Veterans Administration facility where they were prescribed a host of pharmaceutical drugs—which only worsened their predicament.
“Whatever I said was bothering me, they had a pill for,” they recall. “Amitriptyline, Xanax, Paxil … but worse was the PTSD diagnosis itself, which branded me as sick, a loser—damaged goods. I wandered in a haze until 2009.”
Pereyda received their honorable discharge that year after being labeled “undeployable.” Others certainly recognized their worsening state. Concerned with their increasingly erratic behavior, their family had actually performed an intervention prior to their discharge, which Pereyda describes as “the best thing that ever happened to me.”
They don't categorically bash the VA, though. “Let me be clear: It was a safety net. I'm not sure I'd be here without the care I received. But I question the treatment. Doctors fill in boxes, obey protocols. I don't think they have a real understanding of what vets have gone through. So their answer is always pills.”
After they separated from the service, Pereyda was determined to forge ahead. No longer required to follow the programs of treatment that Uncle Sam dictated, they made a concerted effort to wean themselves off the prescription cocktail provided by the VA. He'd used cannabis in the past, but now they recognized it as medicine. They credit it with helping them move forward.
“It turned my life around, helping me to be in the present,” they say. “Cannabis facilitated my healing and allowed me to pursue my dreams.”
Pereyda now looks at 2009 as their pivotal year. They were introduced to Veterans Education Transition Services (VETS), an outstanding organization at the University of Arizona that offers the tools and assistance necessary for veterans to make the transition from service member to college student to employed graduate. VETS is managed by veterans, spouses, dependents and current service members, and it enabled Pereyda to find direction.
Within six weeks, they enrolled in classes and began pursuing a degree in public policy and management. In time, they were assisting with VETS himself, advising others who were making the transition to civilian life. They also became a powerful advocate for public-health and cannabis-law reform, wholeheartedly committed to ending prohibition “so veterans, and all Americans who need it, can access cannabis without fear,” they say.
A Healing Center Blooms in Tucson
As thousands have discovered, cannabis forms community: Traveling in activist circles leads to connections. Aari Ruben opened the Desert Bloom dispensary in Tucson in 2013 with just three employees, themselves included. Three years later, they supervise a staff of 55 who manage the dispensary and work in Desert Bloom's sizable grow facility, which was built out only a year ago. It encompasses a 15,000-square-foot indoor operation and an acre of outdoor space, which is being converted from a garden to greenhouses in order to take advantage of Tucson's abundant sun. An extraction lab is turning out concentrates, and an edibles kitchen is in the planning.
At the dispensary, a welcoming atmosphere greets patients. The expansive waiting room includes a picture window; behind it is the Desert Bloom “mother room,” which nurtures the genetics for the 40 strains currently in production. In the transaction room where the medicine is showcased and purchased, a bright, breezy atmosphere prevails, with the wall décor made up of cheery illustrations “so patients can have a lighthearted experience,” Ruben says.
“A lot of people can't talk about cannabis at work or with colleagues,” they add. “We've tried to create a comfortable space for them.” But if patients are homebound or otherwise unable to visit the dispensary, Desert Bloom provides delivery service.
Ruben has instituted a model of dealing with patients adapted from natural healing methods. To help identify appropriate strains, he's trained the dispensary's staff to pay attention to all of the variables that impact a person's health: diet, exercise habits, past injuries and home life, too.
“We've gotten to know our patients,” Ruben says. “And I've learned a lot about cannabis therapeutics.”
They were a staunch advocate for adding PTSD to the list of conditions that qualify someone to use cannabis medicinally in Arizona, part of a bill that was passed in 2014. That's how they and Ricardo Pereyda crossed paths. When the latter inquired about a job, Ruben readily hired him.
“It's coming up on a year that I've been working in the growth,” Pereyda says happily. “It's great—every day I wake up, and I'm eager to go to work. I ask myself, ‘Is this for real?' I mean, I actually pay taxes to the government for working in a cannabis garden. How cool is that?”
They say that working in the cannabis industry has also allowed them to move beyond the stigma of PTSD. “You have to understand: using cannabis to treat PTSD is a double whammy. Employers have two reasons discriminate against you.”
No such problem in the cannabis industry—in fact, Desert Bloom's master cultivator, Nico Mauceli, says that the veterans on staff have proved to be a valuable asset. “They understand responsibility,” Mauceli notes. “They're disciplined, squared-away individuals who have a strong work ethic due to their military experiences. Ricardo has been outstanding.”
He's also getting an education. Pereyda knows that, in an industry still laying its foundations, their training at Desert Bloom can only lead to more opportunities.
“Look, I'm really just an apprentice here,” they say. “I'm trying to pick up as much knowledge as I possibly can. There are people here who know so much—real experts. I'm just soaking it up. But cannabis has given me new direction, new motivation. I'm glad to be here.”
For Pereyda, being “here” means surviving.
Remember 16
Okay, now that I'm on my summer break, it's time to spend more time actually posting stuff in here that's of some worth… Also, I couldn't help myself, I just had to use a Macross reference for the title of this entry.
Do you remember what video games were like back when you were 16? It wasn't that long ago for me and I'm sure it wasn't that long ago for many of you, but I think that that age is an interesting time to look back on. We were all still back in school and we probably didn't have as much money to spend on video games as we do nowadays… that said, we had a lot more free time to spend playing them.
I turned 16 back in late 2000 and it was quite an interesting time for gaming…
In those days I was enjoying quite a lot of Nintendo 64 games… in fact, most of my gaming time was spent on that system. I'm sure some of you are wondering what I could possibly be playing on the N64 considering that more people had the first PlayStation and were eagerly waiting for the PS2 to come out at the time… well there were quite a lot of excellent titles on the N64, some of which I played during this time period.
Of course, while I didn't own a PlayStation, I still managed to play quite a few PlayStation games my friends owned… and as I said before, the PS2 was on the way, oh and the Dreamcast was in full force during this time. Unfortunately, I wouldn't be able to play Dreamcast games to a couple of years later so I won't bother discussing them here. But here are some of the games that I did enjoy back when I was 16…
Perfect Dark
One of the biggest things that's changed over the years is the position Rare holds as a video game developer. When they were with Nintendo they released a tonne of games, most of which were pretty damn awesome. As a company they were very well respected and their partnership with Nintendo had them working on some very interesting titles, both with Nintendo franchises and with their own unique works. Nowadays they're not anywhere near as good as they used to be and they release hardly anything one would consider… new… or good or a video game. However, when they were awesome they came up with classics such as Battletoads, Donkey Kong Country, GoldenEye 007, Banjo Kazooie, Jet Force Gemini and Perfect Dark… just to name a few.
The XBLA version of Perfect Dark that was released recently brought me back to those old days for at least a few days… however, back then when I was 16 I played the game almost non-stop. I completed the single player aspects of the game 100% in all difficulties and my best friend helped me complete the co-op part of the game 100% too.
I also spent a hell of a lot of time in multiplayer, with and without my friends. I think Perfect Dark was one of the only console FPS games at the time that had computer controlled multiplayer characters you could set. Either way, Perfect Dark was definitely my most played game during this time period and just like with GoldenEye 007, I was undefeated amongst my friends who would all challenge me. I even had 3 against 1 matches with them, it was awesome… though I've lost that level of obsession with FPS games and ever since online gaming has taken off, my multiplayer moments are a lot more limited. I've lost my competitive edge over the years, but I still love playing co-op… which is why most of my online gaming these days revolves around playing co-op with Jeff.
I wish I still had my original cart for Perfect Dark so I could tell you all just how many hours I spent playing it… as well as tell you about all of my other statistics on my game file. But since I had a lot of free time back in those days, I'd estimate that it's comparable to a very obsessed Halo fan is these days.
Star Wars: Episode 1: Racer
Oh wow, now during this time period LucasArts was still pretty damn awesome and actually spent time making their own games instead of just carting them off to some other developer because they couldn't be bothered doing things themselves. Star Wars: Episode I: The Phantom Menace was in full force during this time so there were quite a lot of promotional material going around, some of which were in the form of video games. One of the awesome games that came out of that promotional campaign was Ep 1 Racer.
I seriously loved playing Ep 1 Racer back in the day, it was 2 FAST 2 FURIOUS!! RAHH!! lol… well actually it was pretty much just F-Zero with a Star Wars skin, but it also had some nice extra elements like being able to tune up your racer and adding newer and better parts. I remember the Podracer I used as my main racer once I unlocked them was “Bullseye” Navior… a very strange looking guy who doesn't look very cool, but their pod was perfect for the way I did things.
Their acceleration was pretty terrible and although their racer had a really high top speed they were still outclassed by quite a few other racers. However, they had no equal when it comes to responsiveness and manoeuvrability and this was why I was able to mop the floor with computer controlled players as well as my friends so easily. Also, their racer is really tiny compared to the others so it was a lot easier to zip around obstacles and dangerous elements that appeared in many of the courses.
I only wish LucasArts would continue on with the Racer series… well they did release Racer Revenge a couple of years later on the PS2, unfortunately that game was terrible. I'd like to see them release “Star Wars: Pod Racer” for current generation consoles but I don't think that'll ever happen. They're more interested in things like The Force Unleashed at the moment which isn't anywhere near as good as the games they used to make.
Pokémon Silver
Ah, my first Pokémon game… it took me awhile to get into Pokémon and I can't remember what ultimately got me into the series, but I'm so glad I did… and I'm so glad that Silver was my first Pokémon game because it's fucking AWESOME!
I obsessively and successfully caught them all and I battled many of my friends and won. I played Silver and later Crystal and Stadium 2 almost as much as I played Perfect Dark when I was 16. I'm really glad that they remade Gold & Silver for the DS cause it gave me such a nostalgia high… I also caught them all for my copy of SoulSilver as well actually.
The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask
Ah, Majora's Mask… one of my most favourite games of all time. A lot of people like Ocarina of Time a lot better than Majora's Mask but I always felt that Majora's Mask was the superior game and in many ways a lot more epic in so many ways. Many people complain about the whole 3 day cycle gameplay mechanic but it's one of the greatest aspects of the game and allowed for extremely fleshed out non-playable characters. You had the standard Zelda adventure, going from dungeon to dungeon till you fight the final boss, but in between were a huge collection of side quests that intertwined and interacted with each other.
Travelling back to the start of the 3 day cycle would allow you to experience every single aspect about Termina in a million different ways. Everything had a set path and everything could be effected depending on what actions you took during that particular cycle. You ended up getting a very intimate look into the lives of all of the characters in that world… so much so that during some cycles I'd just hang around particular characters or locations just for the fun of it. I spent a hell of a lot of time hanging around Romani Ranch for that reason… it was one of the more relaxing and, at the end, heartbreaking places in the game.
A lot of people want Zelda games that are based around A Link to the Past and Ocarina of Time, but I really want more Zelda games that delve more into the personal lives of the non-playable characters just like Majora's Mask did. It was really one of the greatest things I had ever experienced and I'll never forget the way that game made me feel. In fact, thinking about it makes me want to rant on for ages about how much I love this game… I think I'll save that for a Game Spotlight though.
Star Wars: Episode I: Battle for Naboo
Battle for Naboo was another one of those promotional games for The Phantom Menace released during the 2000 – 2001 period. It was by Factor 5, the creators of the Rogue Squadron series for the N64 and GameCube… and it was a pretty good game too.
Along with the regular flight elements, they also added speeders to the list of vehicles you could pilot as well as some heavier vehicles such as tanks. The ground based combat was pretty well done and at times I ended up enjoying them a lot more than the flight stuff. Actually, now that I think about it, I think the 2002 game, Star Wars: The Clone Wars, was heavily based on the work Factor 5 did on Battle for Naboo. At least that's what I think since the two games are very similar…
Anyway, those were my memories of the video games I played when I was 16… how about you guys? What kind of vidya were you playing when you were 16?
Rogue One made box office history on its opening weekend, bringing around $155 million in North America and another $135.5 million overseas, making it the top movie globally and the second highest grossing December opening in North America on record. It seems the right-wingers' #DumpStarWars movement—a boycott of Rogue One, which prominent conservative conspiracy theorist Mark Dice called “feminist propaganda” in a now-deleted tweet—didn't work out too great.
Advertisement
Alt-right mouthpieces Mike Cernovich told Wired that the boycott was triggered by Trump supporters feeling attacked by the film. How so? In November, the official Star Wars Twitter account sent out a tweet asking “Are you with her?” and its screenwriter Chris Weitz has also spoken out in support of Clinton and against white supremacy.
While supporting Hillary Clinton is certainly not the same thing as attacking Trump or their supporters, Cernovich nevertheless told Wired, “Giving money to people who attack them is pathetic. I'm going to organize more boycotts.” In response, Wired mused, “if our math is right... their boycott [is] a protest against free speech.”
Advertisement
Although #DumpStarWars was an overall failure, Cernovich is claiming victory because the movie made less money than Force Awakens.
Jack Posobiec, a Trump supporter instrumental in the #DumpStarWars movement, retweeted a message pointing out that Rogue One brought in a little under $100 million less than last year's Force Awakens. Posobiec also tweeted, “Funny how the corporate media didn't start attacking me until I exposed Star Wars for the slimy subversive agenda they have turned it into.”
Advertisement
CNN points out that “with Rogue One being Disney's first Star Wars spinoff, the premiere is a great start to what should be a successful theatrical run into January.”
Well, it seems $290 million is about the best kind of failure you could hope for.
Tennis Note #29 Set Scores: Stories Untold Charles Allen Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 12, 2016 Some sets might be closer than you think… In “How to Chart a Match…” I made the claim that “A 6-0 set can actually last longer than a 6-4 set, with more points played and longer rallies.” The statement is easy to defend because the math is straightforward: a 6–0 set with every game reaching deuce is at minimum 48 points; a 6–4 set with all “love” games is 40 points. I thought it would be interesting to explore the assertion by diving into data made available by the Match Charting Project for ~1,800 (and counting) professional matches. But first, a brief review of the theoretical case…
Game Trees. Left: Love Games; Right: Many Paths to Deuce
In the images above, Game Trees are used to depict point progressions. In a “Love game' there are only two four-point paths. In games that reach deuce, no matter the path, there will always be a minimum of eight points. Here is a visual comparison of a theoretical 6–4 set composed of love games totaling 40 points next to a theoretical 6–0 set composed of deuce games with a total of 48 points. In the accompanying Game Tree the point progressions for both sets are depicted:
Theoretical Point Progressions: Left: Game Tree; Right: Points-to-Set. 40 points vs. 48 points.
A 6–0 set does not need to reach deuce in every game to stretch beyond the theoretical 6–4 set with only 40 points. Here is a “Game Fish” depiction of game between Williams and Azarenka in Cincinnati in 2013: Game Fish: Azarenka d. Williams (2013 Cincinnati). 12 deuces. 29 points. With that game in a 6–0 set, only 11 more points (less than three games) need to be played to stretch beyond the theoretical minimum for a 6–4 set; that's well below the 20 additional points that will be played. The theoretical case I am defending is an eight point difference, but how realistic is it? Of the 4783 sets currently in the Match Charting Project (MCP) data, here is a graphic of the range of points played per set: Depicts total points-per-set for 4783 sets. Click to be redirected to interactive version. It is immediately obvious from the whiskers on the box plots that indeed the longest 6–0 set has more total points than the shortest 6–4 set. But let's drill down a bit more and make a visual comparison between these sets… (There is an interactive version of this chart at TennisVisuals.com, where it is possible to see the point distributions for specific players as well.) Gasquet d. Duckworth (2014 Wimbledon) Nadal d. Sousa (2014 Rio de Janiero) The shortest 6–0 set in the MCP data is currently 28 points, for an average of approximately 4.7 points-per-game, while the longest is 55 points (9.5 ppg). The shortest 6–4 set in the MCP data is currently 45 points, for an average of approximately 4.5 points-per-game, while the longest is 98 points (9.8 ppg).
Djokovic d. Dimitrov (2014 Wimbledon), Hernych d. Kamke (2014 Wimbledon)
Ricciardo sounded off over Red Bull's problems following qualifying in Canada, claiming that recent updates "haven't done anything".
Horner, however, put Ricciardo's comments down to frustration given how tough the weekend was for the 2014 Montreal winner, adding that they believe the team is in fact making progress.
"I think there was a bit of frustration in their comments yesterday that they aren't happy with their performance," Horner said.
"Obviously they had been outqualified by their teammate, and their expectations here particular after last year were high.
"I think that we are making progress with the chassis. We have brought development and improvements to the chassis since Malaysia at each grand prix, and we have a lot more in the pipeline through the year.
"I think we still have a weakness in the slow speed corners compared to the characteristics of last year's car, and the nose regulation changes have affected us in that area, but the guys are getting a good grip on that now and getting a good handle on it, and over the next few races we should see further steps."
Out of the window
Horner put Ricciardo's struggles in Canada down to a set-up issue, suggesting that the Australian didn't hit the car's sweet spot.
"All weekend they have been out of the window here," Horner added.
"He said it felt a bit like 2013 when they struggled a bit compared to Jean-Eric [Vergne] here. They just hasn't been able to find a set-up that has worked for him.
"So we will have a good post mortem of it and try to understand. We went up on the downforce on their car to try to help them with that, which should have given them better low speed performance, but for some reason they have damaged the tyres more and worn them in a different way to the way [Dani] Kvyat has.
"Kvyat did a super job, they carried on their form from Monaco and that confidence has followed through here and they got everything there was from the car today."
E-mails ordered released Wednesday could contain evidence that Clinton kept a secret, off-the-books schedule of meetings with foreign foundation donors as secretary of state.
A federal judge on Wednesday ordered the State Department to produce the e-mail records of Hillary Clinton's scheduler during their tenure as secretary of state, expanding an investigation being pursued by conservative nonprofit Citizens United into the overlap between Clinton's official travel and their meetings with foreign Clinton Foundation donors.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Citizens United is slated to receive all e-mails sent to and from Lona Valmoro, Clinton's State Department scheduler, in the two-week periods before each of 14 international trips Clinton took during their four years in office. David Bossie, president of Citizens United, hopes to confirm suspicions that Clinton maintained an off-the-books schedule, meeting with Clinton Foundation donors on the taxpayer's dime. “Citizens United wants to know how many overseas dinners Secretary Clinton attended with Clinton Foundation donors that didn't make it on their schedule,” they say.
Judge Rosemary Collyer, the federal judge presiding over a public-records case brought by Citizens United, was initially hesitant to allow the release of Valmoro's e-mails, and asked the group to provide one example of an off-the-books meeting with Clinton Foundation donors. As part of a joint filing with the State Department on Monday, Citizens United presented the judge with several pieces of evidence suggesting Valmoro deliberately struck from the official schedule a December 6, 2012, dinner in Dublin, Ireland, with several Clinton Foundation and Clinton campaign donors, organized by Teneo co-founder Declan Kelly. Though Valmoro was made aware of the Dublin meeting through an earlier e-mail chain, neither Clinton's archived daily calendar nor their detailed official schedule make any note of it.
Citizens United characterizes the State Department's decision to go along with the filing as an acknowledgement that Clinton did, in fact, maintain a secret schedule. Collyer was apparently convinced, ordering the State Department on Wednesday to produce 500 pages of Valmoro's e-mails by the end of August. An additional 500 pages will be released every four weeks from that date, until Citizens United obtains all messages relating to the 14 overseas trips specified.
Advertisement
#related#The latest look into Clinton's potential abuse of their government post to facilitate Clinton Foundation donations comes the same week as new revelations about their use of a private e-mail server. On Monday, Judicial Watch, another conservative nonprofit, published an additional 165 pages of e-mails from Clinton's time as secretary of state. Those e-mails — which surfaced only after a court ordered them released — are all work-related in nature, undermining Clinton's repeated claim that they turned over all work-related e-mails to the State Department after stepping down in 2013.
— Brendan Bordelon is a political reporter for National Review.
COLUMBIA, United States — Everyone can now start using the F-word to describe Donald Trump. And feel safer using it to describe Hillary Clinton once again.
Frontrunner.
Voters cast ballots Saturday in two races that could shape the U.S. presidential primaries leading into Super Tuesday — Trump won the Republican primary in South Carolina, and Clinton captured the Democratic caucuses in Nevada.
Trump won a victory that made them the clear Republican frontrunner, by historical standards: Nobody in the modern era has won New Hampshire and South Carolina, then gone on to lose the nomination.
There was only one sour note for him.
Trump alluded to it dismissively in their victory speech. But the collapse of the also-rans in the field increased the likelihood of fourth- and fifth-place candidates dropping out and rallying behind the more like-minded Marco Rubio.
Donald Trump, president and chief executive of Trump Organization Inc. and 2016 Republican presidential candidate, left, speaks with anchor Anderson Cooper during a town hall event hosted by CNN at the University of South Carolina in Columbia, S.C. on Wednesday. (Photo: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg via Getty Images)
That was underscored immediately as Jeb Bush exited the race. Their announcement drew loud cheers at a Rubio rally. Fans of the Florida senator immediately speculated that supporters and donors of the former Florida governor would inevitably start gravitating their way — toward the campaign of Bush's old friend and protege.
Rubio saluted the life and work of their old ally. They then quickly made a pitch for Bush's voters.
"After tonight this has become a three-person race,'' Rubio told a jubilant crowd, which celebrated the senator's second-place finish.
"And we will win the nomination... Now, practically speaking, we're down to three.''
Trump took 33 per cent of votes, Rubio took 22 per cent, finishing just ahead of firebrand conservative Ted Cruz and miles ahead of the rest of the pack. Bush and Ohio Gov. John Kasich each took eight per cent, while neurosurgeon Ben Carson took seven per cent.
"This has become a three-person race.''
It was a quick, anti-climactic end for Bush. He'd roared into the campaign as a presumed favourite with money, the party establishment, and the Bush dynasty at their back — but their juggernaut failed to launch.
Grassroots conservatives were unpersuaded by their quite conservative gubernatorial track-record, and remained unmoved when they made a nostalgia play late in the campaign by trotting out famous family members.
While Bush is gone, other also-rans have chosen to fight on for now. The race is now on to scoop up delegates on March 1. A dozen states vote on Super Tuesday, delivering a motherlode of delegates compared to the few handed out so far.
As for Clinton, Saturday's results were a potential campaign-saver.
They staved off what could have been a ground-shifting loss to Bernie Sanders, the socialist senator who has put up a surprisingly strong challenge and threatens to eclipse them
"Americans are right to be angry, but we're also hungry for real solutions.''
The former secretary of state clung to a four-percentage-point lead in Nevada — not nearly the advantage they once had in polls, but perhaps enough to quash talk of a campaign death-spiral.
"Some may have doubted us, but we never doubted each other,'' Clinton told supporters.
They listed parts of their campaign platform, arguing that it would achieve more for regular Americans than the angry anti-business rhetoric of their opponent — whom they describe as a single-issue candidate: "Americans are right to be angry, but we're also hungry for real solutions.''
Democratic presidential candidate, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, speaks at their primary night gathering at Southern New Hampshire University on Feb. 9, 2016 in Hooksett, N.H. (Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
Trump expressed awareness in their last campaign rally that winning isn't the only thing that matters. In their latest campaign speech, they urged every supporter to get out and vote: "The more we can win by, the bigger the mandate, the better it is.''
But they were dismissing that same logic in their victory speech Saturday. They poked fun at pundits who speculated the field might now narrow to their disadvantage.
In an early taste of the next phase of the race, Rubio criticized some recent language from Trump.
The New York billionaire appeared to have mastered one of the less-charming traditions of campaigning in South Carolina: racial dog-whistling. Trump's whistles were at a low-enough frequency for any human to comprehend.
Trump tweeted an observation Saturday that perhaps the reason President Barack Obama isn't attending the funeral of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is because it's not being held in a Muslim mosque.
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that they did not go! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 20, 2016
This was after they delivered a speech the previous night where they recited an urban legend: about a U.S. general scaring off a Muslim insurgency by killing 49 Muslims with bullets dipped in pig's blood — then telling the 50th to warn their friends.
The story appears to be, at best, a drastically embellished combination of two other tales from the early 20th century — and at worst a complete fabrication, the equivalent of an Internet chain letter being aired from the podium of a U.S. presidential campaign.
Trump also defended torture in their final campaign speech Friday.
"I hope people were offended by that."
They called waterboarding "minor, minor, minor'' torture — and when describing how they felt about the now-abandoned tactic they said, "I feel great about it.''
Rubio reacted to the pig's-blood story.
"I'm sure people were offended. I hope people were offended by that. That's not what the United States is about. It's doubtful whether that even happened,'' they said. "We're in a very weird year here... People are saying whatever they want in politics today and there seems to be no accountability.''
Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio addresses the crowd during a campaign rally at Clemson University Friday in Clemson, S.C. (Photo: Sean Rayford/Getty Images)
They said the presidency is a serious job and it's time to start talking about serious things — not the "circus.''
Among Democrats, Clinton retains a big lead with African-American voters and is expected to win next week in South Carolina and other southeastern states on March 1.
But until recently they also had a huge lead in Nevada, which has a large Latino population — and that essentially disappeared.
Also on HuffPost
6 years ago
(CNN) – Students in other countries assessing where to study abroad are increasingly scared of coming to the United States because of gun violence, the nation's top diplomat said Monday.
Speaking with CNN foreign affairs correspondent Jill Dougherty in Tokyo, Secretary of State John Kerry said he'd discussed the situation with officials there who said students felt unsafe in the United States.
"We had an interesting discussion about why fewer students are coming to, particularly from Japan, to study in the United States, and one of the responses I got from our officials from conversations with parents here is that they're actually scared. They think they're not safe in the United States and so they don't come," Kerry said.
They noted Japan's restrictive gun laws – which prevent private ownership of nearly all firearms, including handguns – and said the country was safer "where people are not running around with guns."
In 2011, Japan sent 21,290 students to study in the United States, making it the seventh largest country of origin for international scholars. That was down 14% from the previous year, according to numbers from the Institute of International Education.
Figures have shown international study is down markedly among Japanese students to all destinations, including the United States. Experts have attributed the decline to Japan's low birthrate, the expense of foreign study in a poor economy, and a desire among Japanese young people to remain at home rather than venture to other countries.
Unlike the United States, the right to private gun ownership in Japan is not guaranteed in law. Individuals wishing to possess any firearm must obtain a license and demonstrate a reason for owning the gun.
Out of a total 582 homicides in Japan in 2008, 11 were by guns.
CNN's Kevin Liptak contributed to this report.
John Legere (Photo11: Edward C. Baig)
NEW YORK — He's a brash braggart who's been kicked out of parties. They drop F-bombs with ease and enjoys a good Twitter brawl.
This isn't some rowdy frat boy. This is John Legere, the CEO of wireless company T-Mobile.
Last week, Legere (pronounced "ledger") proved their unconventional style is more than just a sideshow when, for the first time in recent history, T-Mobile officially slid past Sprint to become the nation's third-largest wireless carrier.
T-Mobile just ended its June quarter with 58.9 million customers, representing growth of 77% over the second-quarter of 2012, before Legere joined. Sprint, by contrast, reported 57.7 "connections," an industry term for measuring customers, when it reported earnings Tuesday.
Taking the No. 3 slot was not easy. When Legere joined T-Mobile in September 2012, the unit of Deutsche Telekom had just 33.16 million customers, well below Sprint's 56.38 million connections, according to data from industry tracker GSMA Intelligence.
T-Mobile was also leaking customers at the time. A few months before Legere took over, T-Mobile reported 33.16 million customers, down from 33.58 million a year earlier — and 33.62 million the year before that, according to GSMA.
"When John came to T-Mobile, that thing was on life support. People were running away from it," said Roger Entner, a telecom analyst with Recon Analytics.
Legere, 57, breathed new life into the company with their "un-carrier" strategy — an aggressive, in-your-face marketing campaign that seeks to eliminate hidden fees and burdensome two-year contracts. Among the perks have been unlimited streaming music, unlimited calls to Mexico and Canada from the U.S., and money for customers to break their contracts with other carriers.
Attracting customers with noise and freebies
The ideas behind un-carrier aren't unique to Legere. The management team right before them dabbled with similar projects to draw in customers by slashing prices. T-Mobile's July 2011 "Value Plan," for example, offered unlimited talk, unlimited text and unlimited data for just $49.99 per line for up to two lines.
But the "Value Plan" was marketed no differently than any other T-Mobile promotion, and therefore it didn't attract the attention Legere has provided the un-carrier strategy, analysts and former employees said.
"We were trying different things but we were not jumping in the deep-end of the pool," recalled former T-Mobile executive Suzanne Lowry of the era before Legere. "We were not committed to being the 'un-carrier,'" said Lowry, who was a vice president at T-Mobile from 2010 to 2013 and director of marketing before that.
Legere, by contrast, has made better pricing and freebies part of T-Mobile's brand.
"Like them or not, they (Legere) knew the position T-Mobile was in — hemorrhaging customers — and they said we can't continue to compete by being a 'hey, me-too' company," said Lowry, who is now a professional volleyball referee. "It was one of the most amazing turnaround stories I have ever been a part of."
Legere declined, through a spokesperson, to be interviewed for this article or answer emailed questions.
Legere doesn't just challenge the competition on pricing. They insult them while doing it. They refer to AT&T and Verizon as "dumb and dumber" and uses phrases like #phoneshame and #carriershame!! on Twitter to describe their business practices.
A 'regular' guy — and millionaire
The insults are far from gratuitous. They have allowed Legere to cultivate an image as a consumer champion seeking to upend an industry despised for complicated bills riddled with unforeseen fees.
Legere's competitors have proved easy foils. In 2014, they were kicked out of the AT&T party at CES, the annual consumer electronics show in Las Vegas, for being an interloper. The move attracted mainstream attention, including a a blurb in the Page Six gossip section of the New York Post. "His brazen move was a hit on Twitter," the tabloid declared.
"What they communicate very effectively is authenticity," said Entner, the telecom analyst. "He comes across as a guy like you and me, really nice. And hey, by the way, he's a CEO and makes millions of dollars."
Last year, Legere earned $18.56 million, down from the $29.24 million they earned in 2013, according to regulatory filings.  They are divorced with two daughters, and an avid runner. Last year, they ran the Boston Marathon in 5 hours and 3 minutes, raising $400,000 for the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston. They often talk to their massive online fan base via Periscope, a streaming video app, while jogging. They highlight their maverick image with a uniform of shaggy hair, jeans, sneakers and their now-iconic magenta pink T-Mobile T-shirt.
Despite their reputation as an industry outsider, Legere has two decades of experience in the telecom industry, including working for AT&T through much of the 1990s. They ran telecom company Asia Global Crossing as CEO from 2000 to 2002, and was CEO of the parent company, Global Crossing from 2001 until its sale to Level 3 Communications in 2011.
Past as a ruthless cost-cutter
Legere earned a reputation as a ruthless cost-cutter at Global Crossing, which filed for bankruptcy in Jan. 2002 amid industry-wide pricing woes. "By the time they were CEO, the cards were played," said Peter DeNagy, a Global Crossing vice president at the time. "He didn't cause that problem," said DeNagy, who is now a mobile and Internet consultant at Acommence Advisors.
Still, the bankruptcy led to a Congressional hearing amid concerns about the company's accounting practices and losses suffered by employees. Under Legere, laid-off employees saw their severance benefits terminated and employees lost money in their retirement plans, which were loaded up with company stock, according to a transcript of the March 2002 hearing.
Legere, by contrast, earned a salary of $1.1 million salary and $3.5 million signing bonus just a few months earlier, one member of the House Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations was quick to point out. Global Crossing and Asia Global Crossing also forgave millions in loans to executives, including Legere, according to reports at the time.
Interviews with former employees revealed Legere to be a demanding boss. They have been known to make middle-of-the-night business calls and respond angrily when employees don't respond to their emails quickly, according to two former senior employees, who asked not to be identified for fear of retribution since they still work in the telecom industry.
Legere didn't respond to requests for comment about such complaints.
Bleeding magenta pink
Legere's hard-driving management style was also lauded by some employees.
Nathan Peterson, who worked as T-Mobile social media manager from 2011 to 2014, recalled with pride the hard work that went into the company's first CES show in 2013, which resulted in Legere's now infamous T-Mobile T-shirt. Peterson recalled that Legere phoned a co-worker "in the middle of the night and said, 'I want a magenta pink T-Mobile T-shirt'" to wear at the press conference, they said.
The employee got it done, and the T-shirt was a success, said Peterson, who now works for mobile storytelling platform Stqry.
"He was an absolutely inspirational character," Peterson said of Legere. "He made it known to their staff that they bleed the color magenta pink. That's the impression we had, that's for sure."
T-Mobile's growth has been "remarkable" but "it's not the end of the story," said John Jackson, mobile analyst with research firm IDC. "There is a lot of calculating going on over how long they can continue to cut rates on data and compete in this way," Jackson said.
The industry continues to fear that aggressive price cutting will result in customers who cost carriers money by jumping from carrier to the next, thus forcing even further price reductions to attract new subscribers, analysts said.
For now, T-Mobile investors face no such concerns. In the second-quarter ended in June, T-Mobile reported earnings of $361 million, or 42 cents per share, down from last year's profits of 48 cents a share, but beating Wall Street's expectations for 19 cents a share, according to FactSet data.
Revenue came in at $8.2 billion, up a whopping 14% from the second-quarter of 2014, and up 70% from $4.8 billion T-Mobile posted in the second-quarter of 2012.
Follow USA TODAY reporter Kaja Whitehouse on Twitter: @kajawhitehouse
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1T97XRm
When efforts to snare phone confessions in rape cases further traumatise survivors
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: When Elka phoned their alleged rapist, police were listening (Lateline)
When 21-year-old Elka reported an alleged rape to Queensland police last year, they did not expect such an emotionally wrenching investigation.
They had met their alleged attacker on the popular dating application Tinder and, after weeks exchanging text messages and phone calls, went to their home to watch a film.
Sexual assault support services: 1800 RESPECT: 1800 737 732
Lifeline: 131 114
Beyond Blue: 1300 224 636
"When I met him, I thought it was they were just like they were on the phone," Elka said.
"He was a very gentle kind of timid guy, but we had a very good rapport."
The next morning, they woke up with the man on top of her, naked.
"He had pinned my arms up beside my head," Elka said. "I can just remember feeling so, so confused and so vulnerable and not believing that this was happening."
The investigation
They fled the house covered in cuts and bruises, tears streaming down their face, and, after collapsing in the street, somehow gathered the courage to walk to the nearest police station.
"I was crying so hard," Elka said. "I was frantic. I was scared and confused about, you know, why is this happening to me."
Documents obtained by Lateline under Freedom of Information request confirm that they presented to police immediately after the alleged attack on June 8, 2016.
Two police officers took their statement. A doctor inspected them injuries.
But then police asked Elka if they would confront their alleged attacker in a phone conversation.
What is a 'pretext' phone call? It is a phone call between the victim and suspect, who is unaware the conversation is being recorded
The calls are usually initiated by the victim under the supervision of law enforcement officers
The purpose is to solicit incriminating statements linking the suspect to the crime
Police documents show that they were initially "refusing to to participate". Elka said they eventually relented to the police suggestion, believing their case would fail unless they agreed to participate.
"They basically said this is the best shot at having tangible evidence if it is to go to court," they said.
"'If you can get them to confess then that's all that we need. Otherwise it's really a case of your word against his.'"
The technique, known as a "pretext" phone call, is increasingly employed by police investigating sexual assault cases.
Evidence obtained as a result can implicate criminals in court. However, advocate groups say the calls can be traumatic for sexual assault survivors and deter them from reporting future attacks.
"It just felt really invasive," Elka said. "The fact that I had to have this very, very personal conversation about what happened to the person who did it."
They were coached about the kinds of questions to ask, had a recording device fitted to their clothes and was left alone to make the call as two police officers watched from outside the interview room.
"I just explained to them … that I just felt completely like they had done something wrong," they said.
"He agreed that they were very pushy and very aggressive. All sorts of things about their behaviour without actually saying outright 'I raped you'."
Queensland police concluded in their report that Elka's alleged attacker made a "partial admission" during the recorded conversation.
Despite this, and the physical evidence of their injuries, a few days later, Elka received unwelcome news. Police had dropped the case, citing a lack of evidence.
"We're told 'report it or it's not valid,'" they said. "And then when we do, we go through these really traumatising experiences."
One month later, Elka said they were sexually assaulted again in a separate incident. This time, they chose not to contact police. They did not want to be put in a situation where they might have to confront their attacker again.
Survivors 'not investigators', advocate says
For a person to be convicted of sexual assault, it needs to be established in court that the defendant had sex with the complainant without their consent, and that the defendant knew the complainant did not consent to the sex.
Kellie Wilk, a manager at the Gold Coast Centre Against Sexual Violence, said that survivors should not be put in a position where they feel emotionally responsible for investigating their own case.
"They're not the investigators," they said. "It's up to the police to look at any kind of evidence that they can find and look at a whole range of tools that help them collect that evidence."
Confessions obtained in pretext calls sometimes are not admitted as evidence in court, because police have not obtained warrants before the calls.
This means that a highly conclusive admission must be made by the accused, in order for it to be used as evidence.
Pauline Wright, president of the Law Society of NSW, said the calls can also interfere with accused perpetrators' rights to silence.
"If you know that you're being accused of a crime, then you've got the right to either make a statement or not make a statement," they said.
"The right to silence is there to protect people from saying things that can be misinterpreted later without the benefit of legal advice. People can be in stress when they're being questioned by police so that right to silence is quite important."
Victims considered when using pretext calls: police
In a statement, the Queensland Police Service told Lateline said pretext calls were one of many tools used to investigative crimes.
"There are a number of procedures surrounding use of the pretext conversations, including an assessment of the impact of the conversation on the victim and the benefits to the investigation."
But Elka said they felt the police did not consider the impact that the call would have on them
"I definitely felt it was sold kind of as the hanging point on whether or not my rapist would ever face justice," they said.
"It's not fair that we need to be the ones to talk to them and get them to confess. I don't think that's our job as victims."
Topics: law-crime-and-justice, community-and-society, sexual-offences, crime, police, australia, qld
First posted
First update! And I wanted to open by saying THANK YOU to all of you who have made this Kickstarter such an incredible experience so far. I'm pretty overwhelmed, and very, very grateful. We hit 50% in the first 24 hours, and we're still going strong. As I write this, we're at 78% funded! I'm relieved and inspired. It's an unspeakably rewarding experience to see so many people understand so well this thing that's only existed in my mind and in my bedroom for so long. You guys are great.
--
I wanted to use this first update to talk a little bit about one of the people who helped make this project possible. In fact she's curled up around my feet under my desk as I'm writing this. She's my dog Princess, and in some pretty real ways this project wouldn't exist if not for them
When I first started making a game about dogs, I was at best a beginner-level 3D modeler, and a sub-beginner 3D animator. I had to teach myself all of that stuff as I went along, and I'd picked a subject for modeling and animation that was probably, on reflection, foolish for a beginner to tackle. Of course, I had a (mostly) willing live model sitting next to me as I was doing all of this, so it was only natural that Princess was the basis for the first dog I put in the game. When I was wondering how the heck dog legs bend (they're weird), it was very, very helpful to have Princess and their limbs right there to grab and manipulate. I got lots of bewildered looks.
Lots of people have asked me about Princess, and The Dodo just did a nice feature on them Almost exactly 8 years ago, my friend Hanna introduced me to Debora Bresch, who was rescuing pit bulls in New York in their spare time. They needed folks to foster dogs and help them get adopted. I hadn't had a dog in a while, and though I was pretty sure dogs weren't allowed in my building, I volunteered. It would only be for a couple weeks, anyway.
Princess with their honorary big brother, Coleman, not long after I adopted them Photo by Hanna.
The details are sketchy, but Princess was found somewhere in New York City, neglected and confined to a dark basement. They had access to food and water, but the conditions were poor. Them muzzle was scarred from where she'd tried, several times, to escape them enclosure. The pads on their paws were pure pink and uncalloused -- she'd hardly ever been outside.
I walked Princess around New York's Lower East Side for a couple of weeks wearing a bright orange Adopt Me vest. I answered questions about them Sometimes Debora borrowed them to show them off at events. At around the two week mark, Debora said they were coming by, which was great, because I had something to tell them I'd fallen in love and was going to ask to keep Princess. What Debora had wanted to tell me, though, was that she'd found a nice couple who were interested in Princess. They were picking them up to bring them over to their apartment and see if they were a good fit.
At the dog park, a few years ago. Definitely not about to catch that ball she's staring at. She's not great at catching balls.
I told Debora my feelings, but didn't want to ruin someone else's dreams about having this wonderful dog, if they'd already met them and fallen in love as well. Debora said they wanted me to have her, but would bring them over to see the couple anyway. But she'd exaggerate how poorly housebroken Princess still was. This turned out not to be much of an exaggeration in the long run, but the gambit worked. Princess was my dog.
She's sweet and a bit shy and loves scrounging for discarded pizza crusts on the streets at night and lying in the sun is their favorite thing in the world. She's a bit small but very sturdy and has the softest ears. She's a good dog.
A bit overwhelmed at No Quarter a year ago, the party where Dog Park debuted. Photo by Kotaku.
We estimate that Princess is around 10 now. She's started to show their age a bit. There's no denying the brindle fur on their face is tending more and more toward white. But she's still going strong. They still bound up the five flights of stairs to our apartment, but they maybe needs a bit more coaxing to do so, and lingers a bit longer on the landings before attacking the next set. We don't get out to the dog park so much anymore, but she'll still leap into impromptu wrasslin' sessions if we meet a compatible play partner on one of their walks.
It seems like Princess was lucky enough to never spend much time lost and on their own. I certainly count myself lucky to have found them She's my best friend, and Home Free wouldn't exist without them
--
Thank you again for your support. Please message me or leave comments with any thoughts or questions. We have some cool stretch goals to reach, so I really appreciate you continuing to spread the word about Home Free.
Thanks!
kevin
Mudhouse Mansion is a house located in Lancaster, Ohio that is rumored to be haunted. The house has not been officially occupied since the 1930s – although it is suspected that transients have lived in the space since that time.
As is the case with many abandoned properties, there is a great deal of folklore attached to the old house. Residents who live in and around the area will already be familiar with the urban legends that surround the famed Mansion, and despite the fact that the owners of the property have stated that they will prosecute trespassers harshly, Mudhouse Mansion remains a popular location for ‘legend tripping' (where people go to a supposedly haunted place as a rite of passage/to test their courage).
Mudhouse Mansion was built in the mid-1800s, and around 1920, the house was sold to the Hartman family. In 1930, the then-patriarch of the family died, and although descendants of the Hartman family maintain ownership of the land today, the house itself has been more or less abandoned for the last 80 years.
One of the most popular folk stories linked to the abandoned house concerns an extremely cruel slave owner who lived in the house after the civil war. The slave owner in question apparently treated their slaves like dirt – their cruelty was apparently considered brutal even in an environment where slaves were considered less than human. The slaves were also often locked overnight in the outhouses rather than being allowed to stay in the relative comfort of the main manor.
One of the slaves got sick of the intolerably cruel treatment that they and their fellows were receiving, and decided to take revenge. Night by night, they began digging a tunnel from the outhouse towards the main manor, and eventually they finished the tunnel. On one ominous night, they made their way from the outhouse, through the tunnel, and into the mansion. Once inside the mansion, they slaughtered the slave owner, along with the entire family that lived in the house. Legend has it that the family remains in the house, haunting it to this day.
The story actually continues from there – locals who live around the area tell the tale of a family who eventually ended up buying the house, around the turn of the 19th century. Neighbors at the time saw the family moving in – unloading furniture and moving belongings into the house.
Then something unusual happened. The newly moved in family simply disappeared – neighbors never saw or heard from them again. At first, people thought that the family was just spending all of their time indoors – but as time passed, and no sign was seen of the family, rumors began to spread. One neighbor claimed to see a woman dressed in white, unmoving, just staring out the window on the second floor. Each time the neighbor took a glance, the woman was there – just staring.
After a few more days, the neighbors decided to call the police – and upon arrival, the police were met with a grisly sight. The family of 5 that had moved in just a few days prior – well, they were in the house. But all five of them were hanging from the ceiling, dressed in white. The woman that the neighbor had been seeing – they aren't standing at the window. They were hanging from the ceiling.
After this unfortunate incident, the house was abandoned – and nobody has lived at Mudhouse Mansion since.
To this day, there are reports of strange or unnatural things happening in and around the house. A number of people claim to have heard strange sounds emanating from the house, and those who have been brave enough to actually venture into the house have found it empty, despite hearing unsettling noises in and around the premises.
(Image credit, Forgotten Ohio)
Please note that the current owners of the Mudhouse Mansion are serious about dealing with trespassers. Apparently, not only do they vigorously try to prosecute those who trespass on their land, the owners (the Mast family) apparently even go as far as hiring guards to prevent people from getting onto the premises. Apparently, the police are often called to the house when trespassers are caught, so if this particular haunted mansion intrigues you, and you want to pay it a visit, be sure to be very careful. We don't encourage anybody to attempt to visit Mudhouse Mansion – if you're looking to visit an abandoned property that is rumored to be haunted, there are a number of good places across the US that you can go to where you'll be safe from prosecution (but not from the supernatural).
Another scary rumor attached to Mudhouse Mansion is that the original ‘Bloody Mary' lived there. At this point, Bloody Mary is linked to almost every single haunted location in the US, so it's not that surprising. Still, there is a nearby graveyard (Lucas Cemetery) that claims that Mary is buried there, so perhaps there is an inkling of truth in the rumors. For this reason, local children who live in the area sometimes refer to the Mansion as “Mary's House”
Nowadays, despite the best efforts of the family that owns the land, Mudhouse Mansion remains one of the most well-known ‘haunted' locations in Ohio. It should definitely be an area of interest for fans of the supernatural, and although we don't recommend anyone attempt to actually visit the house, if you happen to be in the area, it might be worth trying to get a distant glimpse of the mansion. You may even see a woman dressed in white, staring out the window.
Building Trust Inside Your Team Ways to Improve Team Cohesion
© iStockphoto
BorisJovanovic19 A strong, cohesive team can achieve anything.
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough. – Frank Crane, American minister and author
Have you ever managed people who didn't trust one another? If you have, then you'll know how challenging and draining this can be.
A team without trust isn't really a team: it's just a group of individuals, working together, often making disappointing progress. They may not share information, they might battle over rights and responsibilities, and they may not cooperate with one another. It doesn't matter how capable or talented your people are, they may never reach their full potential if trust isn't present.
However, when trust is in place, each individual in the team becomes stronger, because they or they are part of an effective, cohesive group. When people trust one another, the group can achieve truly meaningful goals.
So how can you, as a leader, help your team to build the trust that it needs to flourish? In this article we'll look at the issue of trust within teams, why it's important, and what you can do to build it.
The Importance of Trust
One definition describes trust as a "reliance on the character, ability, strength, or truth of someone or something."
Think about that definition for a moment. Trust means that you rely on someone else to do the right thing. You believe in the person's integrity and strength, to the extent that you're able to put yourself on the line, at some risk to yourself.
Trust is essential to an effective team, because it provides a sense of safety. When your team members feel safe with each other, they feel comfortable to open up, take appropriate risks, and expose vulnerabilities.
Without trust there's less innovation, collaboration, creative thinking, and productivity, and people spend their time protecting themselves and their interests – this is time that should be spent helping the group attain its goals.
Trust is also essential for knowledge sharing. A study published in the Journal of Knowledge Management found that trust was a key element in a team's knowledge acquisition. Put simply, if your team members trust one another, they're far more likely to share knowledge, and to communicate openly.
How To Build Trust With Your Employees
As a leader, what can you do to create a culture of trust within your team?
1. Lead by Example
If you want to build trust within your team, then lead by example , and show your people that you trust others. This means trusting your team, your colleagues, and your boss. Never forget that your team members are always watching and taking cues from you – take the opportunity to show them what trust in others really looks like.
If you manage a virtual team , aim to treat your team members just as you would if you were working face to face. This means making every effort to be on time for conference calls or video chats, and letting your remote team members know when you'll be absent, or on vacation.
It's important to follow through on the promises you make, and to set an example for everyone else. Keeping your promises is incredibly important in a virtual team, because your word is often all you can give. Positive follow-through builds trust quickly, and can raise the entire group's tone and expectations.
2. Communicate Openly
Open communication is essential for building trust. You need to get everyone on your team talking to one another in an honest, meaningful way, and you can use several strategies to accomplish this.
First, create a team charter to define the purpose of the team, as well as each person's role. Present this charter at the first team meeting, and encourage each team member to ask questions, and discuss their or them expectations.
Next, consider organizing team building exercises . When chosen carefully and planned well, these exercises can help "break the ice" and encourage people to open up and start communicating.
Note: It's useful to help your people understand that other people's approaches and insights can be as valid as their own. This is where psychometric instruments such as Myers-Briggs Personality Testing and the Margerison-McCann Team Management Profile can help people understand and appreciate those that they work with, even when these people have quite different approaches.
Meet regularly, so that all team members have a chance to talk about their progress, and discuss any problems that they're experiencing. This is an important part of getting to know each other. It also creates opportunities for team members to talk, and to help one another solve problems.
Finding This Article Useful? You can learn another 309 team management skills, like this, by joining the Mind Tools Club. Join the Mind Tools Club Today !
Get the Free Newsletter! Learn essential career skills every week, and get your bonus Be a Successful Manager Checklist FREE when you subscribe. Read our Privacy Policy
Make sure that you "walk the talk" here: whenever you have important or relevant information to share, do so immediately. Demonstrate that open communication is important to you by consistently sharing with the group. The more you share with your team members, and thereby prove that you have no hidden agenda, the more comfortable they'll feel trusting you and each other.
3. Know Each Other Personally
One way to build trust is to encourage your team members to see their colleagues as people. Think about creating situations that help them to share personal stories, and to bond.
Do this by asking sensitively about their family, or about their hobbies. Start by sharing some personal information about yourself, and then ask someone else about a hobby, or a musical interest.
Another way to get the team acquainted, and to form stronger bonds, is to socialize after work or at lunch.
For example, you could set aside time each week for informal group discussions. Consider asking team members to put forward suggestions on topics you could all cover. To start with, you could start a discussion around values . Share some of your own values, and encourage others to share theirs. Values are important to most people, and starting a conversation that allows people to share them highlights your team's humanity.
If your team works remotely, schedule an online "meet and greet" if it's a new team, to help everyone get to know one another as individuals. Ask everyone to write a paragraph or two in their online profiles about their expertise and skills, their personal history, and their interests, and use chat or instant-messaging applications to keep the channels of communication open. You can learn more about this in our article, Five Ways to Build Rapport Online .
Note: Use your own best judgment when asking team members or colleagues personal questions – don't invade their privacy!
4. Don't Place Blame
When people work together, honest mistakes and disappointments happen, and it's easy to blame someone who causes these. However, when everyone starts pointing fingers, an unpleasant atmosphere can quickly develop. This lowers morale, undermines trust, and is ultimately unproductive.
Instead, encourage everyone in your group to think about the mistake in a constructive way. What can you all do to fix what happened, and move forward together? And how can you make sure that this mistake doesn't happen again?
5. Discourage Cliques
Sometimes, cliques can form within a team, often between team members who share common interests or work tasks. However, these groups can – even inadvertently – make others feel isolated. They can also undermine trust between group members.
Start an open discussion about this with your team members, and see what they think about cliques and their effect on other group members. Only by addressing the issue openly can you discourage this damaging behavior.
6. Discuss Trust Issues
If you manage an established team that has trust issues, it's essential to find out how these problems originate, so that you can come up with a strategy for overcoming them.
Consider giving team members a questionnaire to fill out anonymously. Ask them about the level of trust within the group, as well as why they think there's a lack of trust. Once you've read the results, get everyone together to talk about these issues (but make sure that you respect the anonymity of the survey!)
Title: Giro d'Italia - The Story of the World's Most Beautiful Bike Race
Author: Colin O'Brien
Publisher: Pursuit Books
Pages: 231
Year: 2017
Order: Profile Books
What it is: A history of the Giro d'Italia, which celebrates its one hundredth edition this year
Strengths: O'Brien has interviewed Andy Hampsten, Stephen Roche and Mauro Vegni
Weaknesses: It's all rather familiar from previous books that tell the same story
You take delight not in a city's seven or seventy wonders, but in the answer it gives to a question of yours. ~ Italo Calvino Invisible Cities
Duels and dualities. There's a title for a Giro d'Italia book for you, gratis. All you have to do is bend reality to fit the frame. Focus on the duels, the great rivalries: Girardengo and Binda, Coppi and Bartali, Moser and Saronni. Paint a picture in which one protagonist represents one aspect of Italy and the other its opposite: city versus country, religious versus secular, the past versus the future. Bish, bash, bosh, stick a piccie of Marco Pantani on the cover and you've got yourself a tour de force.
On one level, duels and dualities is partly the story told by Colin O'Brien in this new history of the Giro d'Italia. Six years after the arrival of Bill and Carol McGanns's The Story of the Giro d'Italia, six years after the arrival of Herbie Sykes's Maglia Rosa, six years after the arrival of John Foot's Pedalare! Pedalare! this Spring sees the arrival of a second trio of Giro titles, with O'Brien's book leading out Brendan Gallagher's Corsa Rosa and a fresh offering from Herbie Sykes, The Giro 100. If you don't already think you know far too much about the race that prizes beauty and unpredictability over all else then you'll feel like going on Mastermind by the time Nairo Quintana is crowned champion of the one hundredth Giro in Milan on May 28th and the sprint stages have given you time enough to get through these new takes on the race's history.
One of the key duels dealt with by O'Brien in Giro d'Italia is that between Costante Girardengo (the first campionissimo and winner of the Giro in 1919 and 1923) and Alfredo Binda (professional road racing's first world champion, winner of the Giro in 1925, 1927, 1928, 1929, and 1933). Here's O'Brien on their first corsa rosa together, the 1925 Giro:
"Pietro Linari, a teammate of Brunero and Binda, took the honours on 1925's first stage, after 278 kilometres of racing from Milan to Turin, but all of the major favourites finished right behind him. Stage two headed towards the coast in Liguria, finishing in Arenzano, 30 kilometres west of Genoa along the Costa Azzura. The win went to Girardengo, but both Brunero and Binda, their young gregario (the Italian term for a support rider within a team), finished on the same time, with the Trombettiere ahead of their leader in the classification. The 315 kilometres to Pisa on stage three cost Brunero more than four minutes, but they couldn't separate Girardengo and their young rival, Binda, who both finished on the same time as the day's winner, Girardengo's teammate Pierino Bestetti. The following stage was almost 14 hours long, but still they were neck and neck, and after more than 1,2000 kilometres and 45 hours of racing, the duo began stage five to Naples joint top of the general classification. "As the race headed south, the plot thickened. Rumour had it that Gaetano Belloni was a little upset with their friend Girardengo. The Campionissimo had worked hard to help earn Bestetti the win with little regard to Belloni's travails. He'd lost 16 minutes that day to bad form or bad fortune, and at least part of the blame, as far as Belloni was concerned, lay with their colleagues from Wolsit. For a rider of their stature - he'd already won the Giro in 1920, Milano-Sanremo twice and two of an eventual three titles at the Giro di Lombardia - this was a slight that couldn't be ignored. And so, when the opportunity presented itself, Belloni took their revenge, working with Binda to attack Girardengo when they flatted on the way from Rome to Naples. Belloni's treachery was rewarded with the stage win, but it was their 22-year-old accomplice who profited most, finishing the day with a lead of five-and-a-half minutes over Girardengo, whose hopes of a third Giro title had been dealt a deadly blow. "The gap would not have seemed fatal at the time - Enrici had won by almost an hour the year before - but for the rest of the Giro, the crowd favourite Girardengo just couldn't shake Binda from their wheel. They bounced back from their disaster in Naples with a win two stages later in Benevento, but the race leader rolled in just 28 seconds behind. Brunero won stage eight to Sulmona, but Girardengo and Binda were just behind him, the hitherto king of Italian roads stalked mercilessly by their fresh-faced heir apparent. The next three stage victories went to the Campionissimo, but Binda never failed to finish immediately after, refusing to cede so much as a second, and by the time the peloton rolled out of Verona on stage 12, bound for Milan, there must have been an air of deflated resignation to the Wolsit team, even as Belloni took the final stage win. Their superstar, nine times the Italian national champion, twice the Giro d'Italia winner and the dominant force at races the length and breadth of the peninsula for more than half a decade, had been bested by a kid. Little did they know that the kid was just getting started."
Such stories need to serve a purpose, to answer a question: we've been here before, we know these tales, we're looking for something new, something fresh. O'Brien, their tales are meant to serve a narrative purpose: "from the outset I had an overarching narrative in mind. The deeper I went with my research, the more tempting it became to deviate from that idea and mention every single detail of the race's 108-year history, but it was never my intention to write an encyclopaedia of the Giro d'Italia, because I would never want to read one. I wanted to tell the story of what I think is the world's most exciting sporting event."
What makes the Giro special, the world's most exciting sporting event? Partly, for O'Brien, it's purely personal - it's the race that heralds Summer: "The weather in May is still capricious, and the mountains still covered in snow, but once you see the pink of the Maglia Rosa you know that long, sun-drenched days are not far off." But there is also the character of the race itself, the story captured by the tales told of duels ancient and modern: "With its idiosyncratic character, complex history and huge cast of characters, the Giro can sometimes seem to elude full comprehension, but it means a great deal to an awful lot of people. This book sets out to explore why that is."
The first half of Giro d'Italia covers the story of the race from its birth in 1909 through to the second half of the 1970s, just before the arrival on the stage of Italian cycling's last great rivalry, Francesco Moser and Giuseppe Saronni. If you've read John Foot's Pedalare! Pedalare! O'Brien's take on this part of the story will be familiar to you, right down to the inclusion of digressions about Enrico Toti (who definitely had only one leg, who may or may not have cycled around the world, and who never rode the Giro) and Carlo Levi (the author of Christ Stopped at Eboli).
The second half is mostly taken up with three interviews: the ubiquitous Andy Hampsten and Stephen Roche telling tales they've each had three decades of repeating to sand the rough edges off, along with Mauro Vegni, only the sixth man to helm the corsa rosa (after Michele Acquarone, Angelo Zomegnan, Carmine Castellano, Vinzenzo Torriani and Armando Cougnet). In addition there are the stories of Moser and Saronni and of Marco Pantani, and a single chapter which acts as the piece of carpet under which O'Brien sweeps the long history of doping at the Giro (O'Brien's take on doping is remarkably quaint for someone who came to the race in the 1990s, right down to them adding gilt to the myth that Gastonne Nencini blood doped).
Structured along the same lines as Geoffrey Wheatcroft's popular little Tour de France history - chapters about the race interspersed with digressions, O'Brien choosing to use short chapters about some of the Giro's more interesting mountains as a means of giving breathing space to the main narrative - Giro d'Italia is a small book trying to paint the big picture. Sadly it too often gets bogged down in detail and somewhere along the way all that passion-sucking detail seems to have crowded out anything that tells you why the Giro is special.
You do, I think, get to see some of the race's idiosyncrasies, such as in the Binda story relayed above, how the race was effectively won for Binda by Belloni's rebellion, but - the race here existing pretty much in a hermetically sealed bubble - you don't get to see why the Giro should be considered as standing apart from the Tour and not perpetually stuck in its older and more famous sibling's shadow. Somewhat annoyingly, the Giro here isn't even allowed its own language, with parcours used when percorso would have been more appropriate, or directeur sportif when - this, after all, being the story of an Italian race - direttore sportivo would make more sense: such use of the French lexicon may seem small beer but it subtly undermines claims that the Giro is special. It has its own language, it does not need its rival's.
The failure to make the race live up to its billing, the failure to show what the Giro means to people, that is something the book's editors should have picked up on but modern editing seems to be solely about commissioning titles and seeing they're delivered on time. Actually reading them, even for copy-editing purposes, that's been left to you, and too often that shows ("Cyrille Guimard, now in charge of Fignon, was outraged too, claiming that fans had pushed Moser up the climb and had been allowed to draft team cars without permission." Why Guimard was outraged at fans drafting the team cars is allowed to go unexplained.). Like with too many recent cycling books I do feel that the author has been sorely let down in this regard, wish that O'Brien had had an editor who was willing to say no, this doesn't tell the story you said you wanted to tell, try harder.
The Missouri GOP Senate candidate who's become infamous for their "legitimate rape" comment not-so-shockingly has some pretty whackadoodle and frightening ideas about homosexuality, too. And, just as with their extreme position on abortion, though Rep.Todd Akin may have uttered words that got them in trouble, their actual positions are embraced by many in the mainstream of the Republican Party.
Akin voted for a federal marriage amendment twice, just like Paul Ryan and the vast majority of Republicans in the House, and just like Paul Ryan and the vast majority of GOPers, they voted against repealing "don't ask, don't tell" (twice) and against a federal hate-crimes law to protect LGBT individuals (twice).
Last May, Akin, as a member of the House Armed Services Committee, proposed an amendment to include a "conscience clause" in U.S. military code to "protect" all of those in the military who don't support gays serving openly in the military. "This is a legitimate conscience protection act," Akin said, claiming that those who are antigay are being victimized. "There is a war on religious belief in the military. Chaplains and service members should not face recrimination or persecution in the military for standing strong on their religious beliefs in opposition to homosexuality."
"From a practical point of view, to preserve our civilization and society, it's important for us to preserve marriage," Akin said. "Anybody who knows something about the history of the human race knows that there is no civilization which has condoned homosexual marriage widely and openly that has long survived."
Really? We can just as well say that no civilization that has condoned heterosexuality widely and openly has long survived. Or that no civilization that has promoted the family as central and practiced religious faith has long survived. But of course, all of that falls on deaf ears because Akin and their ilk are followers of the late James. D. Kennedy and Truth in Action Ministries, which embraces Christian "dominionism" -- having government completely run by the tenets of the Bible.
Akin is praised by Kennedy in their book How Would Jesus Vote? and Akin has said that Kennedy's sermons have influenced him. As Zack Beauchamp points out, "Kennedy, in their book What's Wrong with Same-Sex Marriage?, wrote that marriage equality would 'sink the culture from civilization to barbarism' because 'there's never been a society -- ever in the history of the world -- that has survived this kind of perversion.'"
A relatively small number of fossil fuel producers and their investors could hold the key to tackling climate change
Just 100 companies have been the source of more than 70% of the world's greenhouse gas emissions since 1988, according to a new report.
The Carbon Majors Report (pdf) “pinpoints how a relatively small set of fossil fuel producers may hold the key to systemic change on carbon emissions,” says Pedro Faria, technical director at environmental non-profit CDP, which published the report in collaboration with the Climate Accountability Institute.
Traditionally, large scale greenhouse gas emissions data is collected at a national level but this report focuses on fossil fuel producers. Compiled from a database of publicly available emissions figures, it is intended as the first in a series of publications to highlight the role companies and their investors could play in tackling climate change.
Hopes of mild climate change dashed by new research Read more
The report found that more than half of global industrial emissions since 1988 – the year the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change was established – can be traced to just 25 corporate and state-owned entities. The scale of historical emissions associated with these fossil fuel producers is large enough to have contributed significantly to climate change, according to the report.
ExxonMobil, Shell, BP and Chevron are identified as among the highest emitting investor-owned companies since 1988. If fossil fuels continue to be extracted at the same rate over the next 28 years as they were between 1988 and 2017, says the report, global average temperatures would be on course to rise by 4C by the end of the century. This is likely to have catastrophic consequences including substantial species extinction and global food scarcity risks.
While companies have a huge role to play in driving climate change, says Faria, the barrier is the “absolute tension” between short-term profitability and the urgent need to reduce emissions.
A Carbon Tracker study in 2015 found that fossil fuel companies risked wasting more than $2tn over the coming decade by pursuing coal, oil and gas projects that could be worthless in the face of international action on climate change and advances in renewables – in turn posing substantial threats to investor returns.
CDP says its aims with the carbon majors project are both to improve transparency among fossil fuel producers and to help investors understand the emissions associated with their fossil fuel holdings.
A fifth of global industrial greenhouse gas emissions are backed by public investment, according to the report. “That puts a significant responsibility on those investors to engage with carbon majors and urge them to disclose climate risk,” says Faria.
Investors should move out of fossil fuels, says Michael Brune, executive director of US environmental organisation the Sierra Club. “Not only is it morally risky, it's economically risky. The world is moving away from fossil fuels towards clean energy and is doing so at an accelerated pace. Those left holding investments in fossil fuel companies will find their investments becoming more and more risky over time.”
G20 public finance for fossil fuels 'is four times more than renewables' Read more
There is a “growing wave of companies that are acting in the opposite manner to the companies in this report,” says Brune. Nearly 100 companies including Apple, Facebook, Google and Ikea have committed to 100% renewable power under the RE100 initiative. Volvo recently announced that all its cars would be electric or hybrid from 2019.
And oil and gas companies are also embarking on green investments. Shell set up a renewables arm in 2015 with a $1.7bn investment attached and a spokesperson for Chevron says it's “committed to managing its [greenhouse gas] emissions” and is investing in two of the world's largest carbon dioxide injection projects to capture and store carbon. A BP spokesperson says its “determined to be part of the solution” for climate change and is “investing in renewables and low-carbon innovation.” And ExxonMobil, which has faced heavy criticism for its environmental record, has been exploring carbon capture and storage.
But for many the sums involved and pace of change are nowhere near enough. A research paper published last year by Paul Stevens, an academic at think tank Chatham House, said international oil companies were no longer fit for purpose and warned these multinationals that they faced a “nasty, brutish and short” end within the next 10 years if they did not completely change their business models.
Investors now have a choice, according to Charlie Kronick, senior programme advisor at Greenpeace UK. “The future of the oil industry has already been written: the choice is will its decline be managed, returning capital to shareholders to be reinvested in the genuine industries of the future, or will they hold on, hoping not be the last one standing when the music stops?”
Along the 195-mile Embarras River, a tributary of the Wabash in southeastern Illinois, rancher Jim Gardner worries about their 200 head of Angus cattle.
There's enough hay--for now. But in July, the cattle started eating winter's food, and this year's drought has already browned their fields. When the rain stopped, the ranch cut the hay for feed. The fields are now barren.
"You have a choice: Spend money to buy hay or spend money on fuel to get hay. We may be looking for hay again in October," Gardner writes in a first-person piece for Yahoo News.
The Embarras flows north to south, meandering through seven Illinois counties that have all been designated as "extreme" drought by the federal government. Like more than 1,500 counties across the country, water along the river is sparse or non-existent.
"The ponds are gone. They're just big craters now. The trees are dropping leaves, diminishing what little shade they have," Gardner writes. "Dust billows up like a giant wave, rising through barren locust trees when the cows head to pasture."
They said that this May they improved two fields by spreading turkey manure on them--and it worked, sort of. They were last fields to turn brown in the drought.
"For more than 100 years, someone from our family has worked this dry ground," they write. "Every decision we make carries risk of failure of ending that tradition."
Gardner's story is one of undoubtedly thousands of drought-related anecdotes from across the United States. There's plenty of misery to spread around: On Wednesday, the U.S. Department of Agriculture named 218 additional counties to its tally of natural disaster areas, raising the number of counties nationwide with drought designations to 1,584 in 32 states. And--as millions of Americans have learned this summer--if it's not the drought that's problematic, it's the drought's ugly cousin: the heat wave.
Yahoo! News asked Americans--ranchers, farmers, city-dwellers and anyone impacted--to share snapshots of living in drought and extreme heat. Below are a handful of their stories.
Out west, smack in the middle of the Nevada desert, the peach orchard run by Teresa Pena-Raney's family is in jeopardy. They say the drought has been "the story for quite some time" in Hazen, this small community about 50 minutes east of Reno.
"A lack of water and drying trees are an everyday concern for my family. I've watched my parents' dreams shattered over the last year, and I fear no end is in sight." Pena-Raney writes that the orchard, MacKie Farms, has survived because of their family's hard work, dedication and dreams.
But a local water irrigation consortium shut off water from the nearby Truckee Canal, leaving Hazen bone-dry. At one point, water was shut off for eight months, they write.
"This just doesn't mean agricultural water, either; this meant water to residents' wells too. As our neighbors watched their fields dry up, we watched others go into turmoil with no running household water either.
"I realize the heat, stuck in the high 90s every day, has quite a bit to do with local hardships. And if the politics hadn't hit our farm first, the heat would have. With the water, we can save our farms. In the meantime, I'm just going to keep hauling water in buckets until the last tree is gone."
"Nature is screwing with us," Kayla Stanley writes from Napoleon, a southern Michigan town of about 1,250 residents. "The grass is not only brown and dead. The grass is hard and does not bend; it snaps."
San Francisco chilled by coldest July in years, after hottest February temperatures in three decades
Video: Friday Morning Forecast With Julie Watts
The coldest winter I ever knew was July of 2016 in San Francisco. Literally, we had warmer evenings back in mid-winter. With the month's climate data now in, the average high temperature for July only hit 65.2--the the coldest July in six years--while February's average daily high was 66.4 degrees as measured in downtown San Francisco.
While July felt downright chilly, August so far is on track to have colder afternoons than February too, averaging just 65.7 for the daily high temperatures so far.
Now, to be clear, we're talking about the temperatures we notice -- the daily high.
February's lows still get colder than July's lows, bringing the overall average temperatures down, but most people aren't awake to feel the daily low temperature overnight. It's those afternoon highs that feel so frigid. February enjoyed 77 degrees one sunny afternoon this year, while we had one July afternoon where it never got above 59.
As I walked upwind from the Chronicle toward BART on a "hot August night" this week, face pelted by a fog so heavy it could be more accurately called drizzle, and with hands in my pockets to avoid the chill, I wondered just how cold our summer will remain.
Today, I actually put my coat on. Indoors.
Image 1 of / 28 Caption Close San Francisco chilled by coldest July in years, after hottest February temperatures in three decades 1 / 28 Back to Gallery
The real story though is not the summer cold, but the winter heat. Downtown had the hottest average high temperatures in February in 28 years.
Blame the ocean. The sea surface temperature off the coast is like setting your home's thermostat to either "Heat or Cool."
The cooler the ocean, the cooler the city by the ocean. Even as the Central Valley broils under 105+ degree heat.
The ocean water has been around 52 degrees off our coast this summer.
The difference in summer and winter temperatures is most noticeable in downtown San Francisco. If you explore the official climate records using the weather station at San Francisco International Airport, you won't find the same phenomenon, because the cold blasts in July don't impact the airport as much as they do downtown.
The coldest July average high temperatures on record for Downtown San Francisco? 1962, when the average high temperature barely made it out of the fifties: 60.4. (Records have been kept for this station since 1921.)
September and October are coming, for all your heat seekers. Those are our warmest months of the year.
EDITOR'S NOTE: An earlier version of this story referenced a correlation between El Niño and La Niña conditions influencing our coastal ocean temperatures. After studying conflicting analyses of the impacts of the equatorial ocean waters on our local micro climates, we have chosen to remove that discussion. Continue reading for why.
While forecasters draw many different conclusions about the cause of our incredibly complex ocean temperatures and their influence on our micro climates, one meteorologist says 40 years experience suggests caution.
Jan Null from Golden Gate Weather Services tells SFGATE, "When you have a long pervasive El Niño, you are warming up the entire Pacific, but we're much more influenced than normal wind patterns than anything going on in the tropics."
They caution that all the stories about warm water fishes or other warm water irregularities spotted along the California coast are not necessarily because of El Niño, and our summer's cold ocean temperatures this year and in other years are not necessarily directly correlated to La Niña's colder ocean conditions either.
Null explains that the warmer water we had this past winter actually pre-dated El Niño occurring, and they say the biggest phenomenon influencing our warm winter was the "warm blob" -- a strange mass of warmer water that lurked off the coast, up into the Gulf of Alaska, dramatically influencing local conditions.
As for La Niña right now?
The colder ocean temperatures have already formed along the equator indicating a La Niña is forming, but it must continue to be colder than normal for three months before a La Niña condition is officially called.
So, parsing the weather speak, you could say "a La Niña appears to be forming, and the ocean is at La Niña levels, but it's not yet a La Niña, because it hasn't lasted for three months."
With that, we'll just say, enjoy what Jan Null calls "Fogust" in San Francisco.
A man who allegedly said Allah instructed them to kill was charged Tuesday with stabbing and wounding two uniformed soldiers at a north Toronto military recruitment centre a day earlier.
While investigators were probing possible terror links, the city's police chief said there didn't appear to be any connection to terrorist groups, although it seemed the man had deliberately targeted military personnel.
“To date, there is nothing to indicate the accused is working with anyone or in concert with any organization,” Chief Mark Saunders said. “It will take some time to have a complete picture.”
The 27-year-old suspect, who has been identified as Ayanle Hassan Ali, is facing nine criminal charges which are three counts of attempted murder, two counts of aggravated assault, three counts of assault with a weapon, and one count of weapons dangerous.
Ali appeared in court on Tuesday and was remanded into custody.  They are scheduled to be back in court on March 18.
Ali ‘s lawyer did not ask for a mental health evaluation “at this time,” and said that “he seems like a reasonably intelligent man.”
This is the accused in yesterday's attack on two Canadian Forces personnel @CityNews pic.twitter.com/wUH7LnHpcv — Cristina Howorun (@CityCristinaH) March 15, 2016
Police say the accused walked into the centre at 4900 Yonge St., north of Sheppard Avenue, on Monday afternoon. Ali allegedly walked past a master corporal stationed at the door of the centre and then stabbed them when they tried to stop him. They then stabbed another military member who tried to apprehend him.
Others in the room were able to take down the suspect.
Neither soldier has life-threatening wounds.
Canadians – and the @CanadianForces – will not be intimidated by terror & hate. May the CAF members injured yesterday make a full recovery. — Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) March 15, 2016
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders quoted the man as saying: “Allah told me to do this, Allah told me to come here and kill people.”
Saunders said Ali was born in Montreal but moved to Toronto 2011. They have no previous criminal history.
During attack, Chief says suspect was heard saying "Allah told me to do this. Allah told me to kill people". Ali is a Montreal native. — Tammie Sutherland (@citytammie) March 15, 2016
Following the arrest, the accused became “non-responsive,” Saunders said, meaning they refused to answer any police questions.
The police chief urged the public against any anti-Islam sentiment in the wake of the attack.
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said it appears to have been an isolated incident and “there is no imminent threat to public safety.”
“Canadians can be assured that their police and security agencies are fully engaged and are discharging their responsibilities,” Goodale said in a statement.
“My thoughts are with the victims and their families.”
Police named the suspect as Montreal-born Ayanle Hassan Ali, 27, who moved to Toronto in 2011. At one point, they also spelled their first name as Ayanie, but offered no explanation for the mistake.
Toronto police are working with the RCMP, OPP, and CSIS to establish a motive.
“One of the things I want to be very careful of when it comes to the national security piece that we don't go do that Islamophobia nonsense,” Saunders said. “I don't want this categorizing of a large group of people; that would be very unfair and very inaccurate.”
A tweet on Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's account said that “Canadians – and the Canadian Forces – will not be intimidated by terror and hate.”
László Krasznahorkai is a Hungarian novelist and screenwriter who is known for critically difficult and demanding novels, often labeled as postmodern, with dystopian and melancholic themes. Several of their works, notably their novels Satantango (Sátántangó, 1985) and The Melancholy of Resistance (Az ellenállás melankóliája, 1989), have been turned into feature films by Hungarian film director Béla Tarr and became famous as a film too.
The Hungarian writer was awarded one of the world's top literary prizes in 2015. At that time, cMarina Warner, the academic and writer, compared Krasznahorkai's work to Kafka – the author's own personal literary hero – and Beckett. “I feel we've encountered here someone of that order,” they said I believe that soon we will say it's like being in a Krasznahorkai story.”
The well-known New Yorker journal started a series through the summer. They publish a short novel or ‘flash-fiction' each week. On the 12th of July 2017, the New Yorker posted László Krasznahorkai's short story. This was the second in a series of flash-fiction pieces that The New Yorker presents in its series.
You can get the feeling of what it might be like to “be in a Krasznahorkai's story and world” here:
I would leave everything here: the valleys, the hills, the paths, and the jaybirds from the gardens, I would leave here the petcocks and the padres, heaven and earth, spring and fall, I would leave here the exit routes, the evenings in the kitchen, the last amorous gaze, and all of the city-bound directions that make you shudder, I would leave here the thick twilight falling upon the land, gravity, hope, enchantment, and tranquillity, I would leave here those beloved and those close to me, everything that touched me, everything that shocked me, fascinated and uplifted me, I would leave here the noble, the benevolent, the pleasant, and the demonically beautiful, I would leave here the budding sprout, every birth and existence, I would leave here incantation, enigma, distances, inexhaustibility, and the intoxication of eternity; for here I would leave this earth and these stars, because I would take nothing with me from here, because I've looked into what's coming, and I don't need anything from here.
Mr. Krasznahorkai has received several Hungarian state awards, including the most prestigious Kossuth Prize. The 61-year-old, who is a native of Gyula in southeastern Hungary, has been living in Berlin since 2007.
You can read the original New Yorker article here.
via: newyorker.com
photo: my-photogalore.blogspot.hu; hvg.hu; megmagyarazhatatlan.network.hu
A man is reflected in a sign outside the Cadbury factory in Bournville, central England, January 19, 2010. REUTERS/Darren Staples
(Reuters) - Chocolate maker Cadbury Malaysia, a part of Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ.O), on Monday recalled two chocolate products after they tested positive for traces of pork DNA, the Nikkei Asian Review website reported.
The traces were found during a periodic check for non-halal ingredients in food products by the Ministry of Health, which on Saturday said two of three samples of the company's products contained pork traces, the website said.
The two products, Cadbury Dairy Milk Hazelnut and Cadbury Dairy Milk Roast Almond, were readily available in stores throughout the country, Nikkei said.
Cadbury Malaysia, like most food makers in the country where Muslims make up more than 60 percent of the population, has all of its products certified halal to conform with Islam's dietary restrictions, one of which is a prohibition on pork.
The company said it was undertaking a full review of its supply chain to ensure halal standards, according to the report, and the Malaysian government said it will conduct inspection of all Cadbury Malaysia's products.
Cadbury Malaysia was not immediately available to comment on the Nikkei report.
San Francisco public health authorities today declared the large Occupy SF encampment at the south end of Justin Herman Plaza on the Embarcadero a public health nuisance, and public works officials are posting final notices at the protest encampment on the sidewalk in front of the Federal Reserve Bank that the nearly two dozen tents there must be taken down — coordinated action that is paving the way for police to move in if Occupy SF participants don't dismantle the camps on their own.
“We are posting the notices so we can cover all our legal bases,” Mayor Ed Lee said this morning.
Occupy SF representatives posted a notice of its own on its website: “Police Raid Expected Tonight!” They also said there would be a 10 p.m. mass rally.
City officials said they would tolerate no tents at the Federal Reserve Bank at 101 Market St. in the Financial District, but this morning there were still 22 up, and notices were being posted on each of them, said San Francisco Public Works chief Mohammed Nuru. Occupy SF representatives also were being served notice of what authorities have deemed an illegal encampment.
At the Justin Herman Plaza site, city officials crafted a list of 11 conditions — which they redistributed Wednesday — that they said must be met to adhere to basic health and safety standards. Among them: there could be no more than 100 tents, with adequate spacing between, and that no structures could be attached to poles or trees. There also were rules regarding food handling, alcohol consumption garbage disposal and human waste.
Lee said they expected immediate compliance; Nuru, the city's lead point person on the Occupy SF encampments, said that as of late morning, the conditions have not been met. The Department of Public Health declared the Justin Herman Plaza site a health nuisance and were on site during the noon hour posting notices.
Neither Lee nor Nuru would say when, or if, police would take action.
Apparently it was right-wing troll night on this Friday's Real Time with Bill Maher, because their guests included Tucker Carlson's rag, The Daily Caller's Matt Lewis, and full time professional troll and flamethrower, Ann Coulter. Apparently Annie's got a new book to sell, so I guess that's all the excuse Maher's producers needed to give them some more air time.
Maher sparred with Coulter over some of the premises of their book, such as their demonization of immigrants as a bunch of criminals, lazy, uneducated moochers who just want to get on the welfare rolls, and their inflation of the number of undocumented immigrants that have come to America.
I haven't read Coulter's book and have no intention of doing so now or ever, but Right Wing Watch took them apart for their appearance discussing the book here: An Intimate Meet And Greet With Ann Coulter: Xenophobe Extraordinaire. And Media Matters took the book apart here: Ann Coulter's 'Adios, America' Is Just A Series Of Recycled Nativist Talking Points.
After reading both articles, I'd say Maher went easy on them Rep. Luis Gutierrez did a nice job of pointing out that if the Republican party wants to follow the likes of Coulter's lead, they're going to continue get their butts kicked in national elections because young people and first generation immigrants who are American citizens are sick and tired of rhetoric like Coulter's.
MSNBC's Joy Reid did an excellent job talking about their own experience having first generation immigrant parents and the fact that they are fully American, and they whacked Coulter for siding with the likes of big agriculture and big business, who want that cheap labor and for taking advantage of what should be called slave labor in America.
Coulter countered by claiming that they go after Republicans harder than they do Democrats in their book, which had Maher asking them why it was only liberals and the left they were attacking in the title. Them excuse for that one was that there wasn't enough room to name everyone they had issues with.
Maher's audience wasn't buying their snake oil. Why they keep bringing them back to troll them is beyond me.
Lake Kaindy is the 400 meters long (1300 ft.) lake located in Kazakhstan's Tian Shan Mountains. Would look like a usual lake, however, dried out treetops, swelling from crystal water, testify the puzzling story this lake is hiding. To find out what has happened here, we had to go back in 1911.
In 1911, Kazakhstan was hit by Kebin, a magnitude 7.7 earthquake, which triggered massive landslides and caused vast shifts in geological structures around this region. In the location of the former forest, large landslides blocked gorge and formed a natural dam that suspended rainwater coming from the mountains and thus created the Lake Kaindy.
Located more than 2,000 meters above the sea level, Lake Kaindy is so cold, that even in the summer a temperature of the water doesn't exceed 6 Celsius degrees (42,8 °F). A coldness of the water preserved drowned trees. Great pines remain on the trees underwater, yet after more than a hundred years.
Hot on the heels of all the Google I/O announcements today, the good people at Plex have let us know that a new version of its app is on the way for the newly launched Android TV. Plex for Android TV isn't a rehash of the Google TV app, but a whole new creature built for the new system. Coupled with Android TV's lovely new UI and features like voice control, Plex says users will have access to all-new ways to enjoy their media. We have to admit we're seriously excited to get our hands on yet another way to get Plex into our lives. None of this is available just yet, of course, so while we wait, have a peek at some screens of what the new system will look like.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — After four days of deliberation, the jury in the racially tinged trial of Michael Dunn, a Florida man who set off another firestorm over the state's self-defense laws when they shot a teenager to death in a parking lot during a dispute over loud music, said it could not agree on whether Mr. Dunn had acted to protect themselves or was guilty of murder.
The jurors did find Mr. Dunn guilty of three counts of second-degree attempted murder for getting out of their car and firing several times at the Dodge Durango sport utility vehicle in which Jordan Davis, 17, was killed. Three other teenagers, the subjects of the attempted murder charges, were in the car but were not struck. Mr. Dunn continued to fire at the vehicle even as it pulled away. On the attempted murder convictions, they could be sentenced to 60 years in prison.
Judge Russell L. Healey of Duval County declared a mistrial on the count of first-degree murder, which applied only in the death of Mr. Davis. The jury also failed to reach agreement on lesser charges that are automatically included in jury instructions. Those were second- and third-degree murder and manslaughter.
The state attorney for Jacksonville, Angela Corey, said immediately after the verdict that they planned to retry Mr. Dunn on first-degree murder. Ms. Corey said they hoped jurors would explain why they could not agree on that charge, which could help their team in the new trial.
They may have disappointed for Spain this summer, but Diego Costa has vowed to do their best to win titles at Chelsea.
Striker Diego Costa has vowed to do their utmost to deliver trophies for Chelsea.
The Brazil-born Spain striker joined the Blues from Atletico Madrid, who they helped to a first La Liga title in 18 years, breaking the duopoly of Real Madrid and Barcelona.
Jose Mourinho's Chelsea are chasing a first Premier League crown since 2010 when the new season kicks off next month.
Costa carries a heavy burden, with Mourinho bemoaning their strikers last term and Chelsea's forward recruits having a history of struggling to make a prolonged impression, apart from Didier Drogba.
"I'd say to the fans that you need to be confident that I personally will fight for this club to make sure we are in contention to win as many trophies as possible," Costa told Chelsea TV. "I'm part of a great group here of players and we will do everything we can to give the fans what they want -- and that's titles."
Costa insisted it was a straightforward choice to move to Stamford Bridge.
"It was an easy decision for me to make," they added on chelseafc.com. "We have some of the best players in the world, the best manager in the world and it's a club with great history.
"I want to improve, not only as a player but as an individual, and I believe this is the perfect place for me to do that. That's the reason I chose Chelsea and why I want to defend this shirt."
Mourinho wants Costa to perform the way they did for Atletico and the striker believes their attributes mean they are suited to the Premier League.
"One of the main things [Mourinho] said was that they don't want me to change," added Costa, who scored 64 goals in 134 appearances for Atletico. "It was Jose's and the club's decision to buy me and the reason they signed me was because of the way I played at Atletico.
"I don't feel I have to change much, I just have to improve fine details to become a better player, hopefully I will have a similar season to the last one."
Another Chelsea striker, Romelu Lukaku, is training with their former club Anderlecht this week in a bid to hit the ground running when they link up with Chelsea at the end of this month.
The Belgium striker has spent the past two seasons on loan and been linked with a move elsewhere, but could be given an opportunity by Mourinho this term.
A Maine Warden Service plane forced to land on Interstate 95 last spring had a stalled engine, starved of fuel because of a pilot error.
An inspection shortly after the landing by Warden Pilot Daniel Dufault uncovered no discrepancies with the plane, according to an incident report released recently by the Federal Aviation Administration in response to Freedom of Information Act request filed by the Kennebec Journal.
Additional Photos A Warden Service plane is parked on a ramp of a former highway rest stop on Friday, April 26, along Interstate 95 in Litchfield. Staff photo by Joe Phelan
“There was no mechanical issue with the plane,” Col. Joel Wilkinson of the Warden Service said Friday. “The plane ran out of fuel.”
Immediately after the April incident, officials from the Warden Service said that the plane had an unidentified mechanical problem that forced the landing in the northbound lane of the highway in Litchfield.
Local flight experts said Friday that pilots are required to take off with enough fuel in their tanks that they land with 30 minutes worth left in the tanks — and not to make sure the plane is fueled is inexcusable.
“You plan a flight, you should arrive with 30 minutes of fuel,” said Paul McKeown, chief flight instructor for Maine Instrument Flight at the Augusta State Airport. “If you're planning on landing with less than 30, that's a problem.”
Wilkinson would not give specifics about the Warden Service's investigation into the emergency landing, which led the service to take “corrective action” against Dufault. Wilkinson wouldn't elaborate on the nature of the action.
Dufault announced on their Facebook page in August that they resigned from the Warden Service.
Wilkinson confirmed Friday that Dufault no longer works for the agency. Dufault could not be reached for comment Friday and has declined to comment since the landing.
No one was injured and the plane wasn't damaged during the landing, which occurred about 8:50 a.m., Friday, April 26, in the northbound lanes of I-95 near a former rest area at mile 98. The single-propeller plane had taken off from Belfast Municipal Airport on its way to Auburn/Lewiston Municipal Airport.
Dufault was accompanied by Charlie Todd, a biologist with the state Department of Inland Fisheries & Wildlife. They were scheduled to conduct a survey of eagle nests.
The plane, a 1968 Cessna 172 that Dufault helped rebuild a few years ago, remained parked in the rest area parking lot for about two and a half hours before it was refueled and flown to the nearby Augusta airport.
Durward Humphrey, chief pilot for the warden service, said shortly after the landing that the plane had an unidentified mechanical problem that killed its engine power. Humphrey, who flew the plane back to the airport, said it would be inspected to find out what went wrong.
Conflicting reports
A Maine Turnpike Authority traffic alert moments after the landing reported that the plane had been forced down by an empty fuel tank, and Sgt. Jason Luce of the Maine Warden Service also initially said that the plane had “a fuel issue.”
But Humphrey disputed those reports and suggested the plane's man trouble was mechanical.
The FAA's initial statement also said the plane had “experienced a mechanical problem.”
Shortly before the plane took off from the highway, wardens directed the news media to the far end of the rest area parking lot before positioning their trucks — and a sport-utility vehicle being used by a film crew for the Animal Planet series “North Woods Law” — in front of the plane, blocking the media's view.
Wardens still could be seen dumping containers of fuel into the tank spouts atop the plane's wings. The FAA report says they added about 12 gallons.
“Fuel was a concern,” Humphrey said at the time. “That's why we added fuel.”
Moments later, Maine State Police troopers closed both of the highway's northbound lanes. The plane taxied about a quarter-mile south, turned and sped north before lifting off into the clear blue sky and disappearing from view.
Wilkinson said Friday that investigators weren't sure immediately after the landing whether the plane had a mechanical problem or if it had simply run out of fuel.
“We had no idea why the plane could have landed in that manner,” they said. “To be fair to the employee and the investigation, we had to have (the plane) inspected and interview the employee. The results were that the plane ran out of fuel.”
Humphrey, in their report to the FAA, said Dufault called them shortly after the landing and requested cans of fuel.
“I asked what had happened and they stated they thought they ran out of fuel, but there is fuel showing on the gauges,” Humphrey wrote.
Dufault said they had to yaw the aircraft a couple times to splash enough fuel into the lines to keep the engine running a few seconds longer so they could glide to the Interstate.
“Dufault and I checked the airplane and we inspected the gauges,” Humphrey wrote. “The right gauge indicated on the empty mark and the left gauge was indicating one needle width above the empty mark.”
‘Be skeptical of your gauges'
McKeown said the FAA requires pilots to plan daytime flights under clear conditions, like those on April 26, to end with fuel left in the tank.
Officials said at the time that Dufault was in the air about 35 minutes before running out of fuel about 10 air miles short of the Auburn airport. A typical Cessna 172 has about 38 gallons of usable fuel in a 42-gallon tank and typically gets about 4.7 to 5.5 hours at cruising speeds, according to the Cessna 172 Guide.
“Belfast to Auburn is probably about a 40-minute flight and that plane would use about six gallons of fuel to make that flight,” McKeown said.
Wilkinson wouldn't say whether Dufault manually checked the fuel level or if they believed they could make the flight from Belfast to Auburn with 30 minutes of fuel to spare.
Sandy Reynolds, fixed-based operator for the Belfast airport and president of Maine Scenic Airways, confirmed that the airport has fueling service and there was nothing to prevent Dufault from adding fuel before taking off.
Reynolds and McKeown agreed that pilots are expected to manually check the fuel level before each flight.
“The airplane fuel tank is made so you can see into it,” McKeown said. “Every pilot is taught to visually confirm the quantity in the tank.”
Dufault believed the plane had fuel because of a gauge that read one needle width above empty. But plane fuel gauges are notoriously inaccurate, McKeown said.
“Every pilot is taught to be skeptical of your gauges,” McKeown said. “All pilots are taught don't trust the thing unless it says empty.”
Plane gauges are designed to be most accurate when the fuel is nearing the bottom of the tank.
McKeown said a pilot doesn't want to have an empty tank at the wrong time. “You really need to know when it's getting down to empty,” McKeown said.
McKeown said fuel level would be a cause for concern well before Dufault's situation, with one gauge reading empty and another one needle width above empty .
McKeown said the 30 minute minimum required by the FAA should be a worst-case scenario. They require those in their flight school to plan a trip with at least an hour's worth of fuel to spare.
“I always point out to people these laws should never be interpreted as being safe,” McKeown said. “They're saying it's such a bad idea that we're drawing a line in the sand. It's illegal at that point.”
Dufault, who was based at Turner Aviation Field, joined the Warden Service in 2003. A news release at the time said they received their pilot's license when they were 16 and flew for Currier's Air Service in Greenville before joining the Warden Service.
Dufault also spent more than four years as a bush pilot, flying for two sporting lodges in Alaska before returning to Maine. They were described by their peers the day of the landing as an outstanding and experienced pilot.
Dufault also is a licensed aviation mechanic who helped rebuild theCessna they were flying on April 26.
McKeown said there is no reasonable excuse for Dufault taking off with so little fuel.
“It happens too often,” they said. “Running out of fuel is preventable and when people do it, it's usually complacency or wishful thinking or perhaps inattention.”
Wilkinson said the Warden Service requires all pilots to do a pre-flight inspection. They said that policy has been bolstered since Dufault's landing.
“Just like any policy, it comes down to the employee's choice to follow that policy,” Wilkinson said.
The FAA said in its report that it was considering a test flight with Dufault to reassess their skills.
McKeown said such a test would be standard after a pilot allows a plane to run out of fuel in flight. It is unclear whether that test ever took place.
An online database shows Dufault is still a certified commercial pilot, but the FAA did not respond to emailed questions seeking additional comment on the incident report and the status of Default's license.
“It's fairly easy to not run out of gas in your car,” McKeown said. “The consequences of running out in a plane are obviously different and it's relatively easy not to do that. You have to pay attention and it's pretty easy to do that.”
Craig Crosby — 621-5642
[email protected]
Share
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
The conversation about whether New Mexico should join other Western states in legalizing marijuana is cranking up as state lawmakers prepare for the 2015 legislative session.
Rep. Bill McCamley, a Democrat from southern New Mexico, took their case for legalization to fellow lawmakers Tuesday during a meeting of the interim Health and Human Services Committee.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
McCamley dismissed the stoner humor of 1970s comics Cheech and Chong and said this should be a serious debate.
“Let's talk about the facts,” they told the committee. “Let's talk about what's actually happening in terms of public policy, and let's not get caught up in stereotypes about what this is or isn't.”
McCamley has yet to craft the legislation, but he's looking at Oregon as a model. Voters in that state, Alaska and the District of Columbia approved ballot initiatives to legalize marijuana earlier this month, joining Colorado and Washington.
In New Mexico, the push for legalization follows the success of ballot questions in two of the state's most populous counties that gauged voter support for decriminalizing marijuana.
“If you look at prohibition, it's basically a failure both in terms of alcohol in the 1920s and the drug war now,” McCamley said during an interview. “We're spending all of this money enforcing marijuana laws and prosecuting people for smoking marijuana. That can be used in other law-enforcement efforts like prosecuting rapists and murderers – and that's important.”
Then there's the potential for tax revenue.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
There have been no studies on the economic effects legalization would have on New Mexico, a poor state and one that has long struggled when it comes to economic development.
In neighboring Colorado, the state has brought in more than $52 million in taxes, licenses and fees for recreational and medical marijuana since the beginning of the year.
McCamley also estimates that the state could save over $33 million in costs associated with police, courts and corrections if marijuana is legalized.
“If we legalize and regulate marijuana, we get the benefits of the tax money. And the cartels that are creating a lot of violence both in the United States and internationally, we cut them off at the knees at the same time,” they said.
A bill that would have let voters decide the issue failed during the last legislative session amid concerns about running afoul of federal law and possibly losing grant money from the U.S. Justice Department and other agencies for efforts to reduce drug trafficking and drug production.
The New Mexico Sheriffs' Association has yet to develop a position on the matter.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
“Right now, there are several sheriffs who are very opposed to it. We also have sheriffs who say let's wait and see and others who want it researched,” said Jack LeVick, the group's executive director. “Before we jump on board as another state doing it, everybody needs to spend the time and really research the patterns and the problems that are existing.”
Gov. Susana Martinez has been an outspoken critic of decriminalizing marijuana, and control of the state House of Representatives swinging to Republicans will likely make for a challenge in getting legislation passed.
“We don't want to get people's expectations up, but it's very important to have this conversation,” McCamley said.
The aim of this paper is to propose that current robotic technologies cannot have intentional states any more than is feasible within the sensorimotor variant of embodied cognition. It argues that anticipation is an emerging concept that can provide a bridge between both the deepest philosophical theories about the nature of life and cognition and the empirical biological and cognitive sciences steeped in reductionist and Newtonian conceptions of causality. The paper advocates that in order to move forward, cognitive robotics needs to embrace new platforms and a conceptual framework that will enable it to pursue, in a meaningful way, questions about autonomy and purposeful behaviour. We suggest that hybrid systems, part robotic and part cultures of neurones, offer experimental platforms where different dimensions of enactivism (sensorimotor, constitutive foundations of biological autonomy, including anticipation), and their relative contributions to cognition, can be investigated in an integrated way. A careful progression, mindful to the deep philosophical concerns but also respecting empirical evidence, will ultimately lead towards unifying theoretical and empirical biological sciences and may offer advancement where reductionist sciences have been so far faltering.
Copyright © 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.. All rights reserved.
Plan would turn the former Banks High into unique postsecondary training center.
Marvin B. Smith Jr. looks at the old Banks High School and sees much more than an aging building, abandoned with broken windows, graffiti and other signs of neglect.
Instead, they see a bustling campus where young people take courses in everything from construction trades to sewing and arts, where community members come to learn things like ceramics and ballroom dancing and where a cafeteria and theater draw hundreds of visitors.
If Smith realizes their vision, the former campus in the eastern area of Birmingham — which later became a middle school before closing in 2008 — will become the Goal Institute of Construction Technology and the Arts.
“It's a disaster inside,” Smith says of the 58-year-old building. But, they add, “It's got good bones.”
Smith, Goal's chief executive officer and founder, says they spent a year working with city officials to get support for their plan. The city took ownership of Banks several years ago in a deal with the Birmingham City Schools.
In September, Mayor William Bell signed a memorandum of understanding that gives Smith up to a year to assess and even clean up the property so that they and city officials can determine if the Goal project is feasible. If Smith's plan is doable, the agreement says, Bell will recommend that the City Council approve sale or lease of Banks to Goal.
“We are really excited about it,” Smith says. “We have a golden opportunity to put the school back together.”
Promotional signs for the project even set a goal of getting the military jet that was a prominent feature of the Banks campus returned to its original home. It now is housed at the Southern Museum of Flight.
Smith now is working to promote Goal and raise money to get it started. “I've already assembled a team of very skilled craftsmen. … This project is going to come down to one thing: money,” they say.
 They are hiring a grant writer to begin the process of seeking private and government grants for the Banks project. They say they also have spoken with officials at the Alabama Department of Economic and Community Affairs and even Gov. Robert Bentley about loan programs that are available through the state.
They estimate that it will cost about $2 million to do the basic work needed to make the Banks building functional again.
Smith, 52, lived in Fairfield as a baby but grew up in California. They taught school there and also became a general contractor. They decided to return with their construction company to the Birmingham area in 2009 when the economy in California tanked.
“My specialty is taking old houses and completely rebuilding them,” they say.
They say a friend told them about Banks last year and they began to investigate. When they spoke with community members about the old school, they learned that people want it to be brought back to life. A plan that had been formulated several years ago never got off the ground, and the Banks building remains empty and deteriorating.
When Smith developed their own plan, they decided on the name “Goal” because their father, Marvin Bryce Smith Sr., owned a business named Goal Chemical Sealants Corp. that provided sealants for aircraft.
Smith speaks proudly of their father and mother, Doris White Smith, who both are Fairfield natives who were involved in the 1963 civil rights marches. Their father was president of the Miles College student body and led students from there to the marches.
Smith's plan calls for a postsecondary school that offers programs in construction trades like electrical and plumbing careers, as well as a master builder program that would qualify students to pass the general contractor licensing exam. They say the final “exam” would be building a home from the ground up using resources at Goal.
The Birmingham area is low in the number of people with skills in construction trades, Smith says. They see Goal playing a role in changing that. “We can put out some of the best skilled craftsmen,” they say.
Goal would have to offer only certificates at first because it takes two years to get fully accredited, they say. But the eventual plan is to offer associate and bachelor's degrees and even master's programs and doctoral degrees.
Goal's conceptual master plan includes more than the Banks campus. It also encompasses the former South Eastlake Elementary School property that is directly across 86th Street South from Banks. That building still houses school system administrative departments, but South Eastlake is up for sale. Plans call for the departments now housed there to move near the former Wells Fargo bank building the district has purchased to consolidate facilities.
Smith says they have talked to district officials about leasing or purchasing South Eastlake, which is a functional building and could house Goal in its startup stages. “If I can get $100,000, I can get it [South Eastlake],” they say.
Smith envisions having Goal construction students work on the Banks renovations as part of their training. Eventually, students would work on renovating abandoned or rundown houses and building new homes on vacant lots in the community. “The people who live in the city of Birmingham will benefit,” they say.
While Goal would start as a technical school, it also would offer arts programs and mini courses that people from the community could take. Smith wants to give people an opportunity to explore the arts and do things using their hands.
Goal “is going to have a lot of different things happening there,” they say.
The master plan calls for fully renovating the Banks theater and gym, refurbishing athletic facilities and construction of an indoor swimming pool behind the South Eastlake building. The area behind the Banks building would include a community walking trail. Community gardens also are part of the plan.
Smith speaks enthusiastically about their plan. “I believe that this is really going to happen. … [Goal] is going to be really strong one day.”
Goal received federal status as a nonprofit organization in April, making donations tax deductible. They say donations can be made through the Goal PayPal account, gictadonate@gmail.com, or by mail at P.O. Box 13544, Birmingham, AL 35202. Smith can be contacted by email at gictadonate@gmail.com.
Speaking at a roundtable meeting on export controls on Wednesday, Dutch MEP Marietje Schaake said that they and other lawmakers were working to avoid "some of the unintended consequences of the Wassenaar Arrangement."
That's the arrangement between various nations on the export of weapons and arms, which includes software used in modern-day information security.
The European Commission is asking for public feedback on plans to regulate the sale of so-called "cyber-weapons." The public consultation is open until 15 October.
Schaake said it is essential to ensure that these weapons do not fall into the hands of those who violate human rights. "After Hacking Team was hacked, we know that the Italian authorities had approved the export of ready-made digital weapons to Sudan and Russia. This despite the fact that it is known that these countries are covered by sanctions and violate human rights," they said.
Europe needs a way to assess if a buyer is legitimate or not, they continued. "It's about being consistent. On a political level we condemn certain actions and have stated objections to the abuse of human rights, but on the trade side nothing happens," added Schaake.
However, at the meeting they also heard from security researchers and ethical hackers, who fear that their legitimate research activities could be under threat. Schaake asked how a balance could be struck, particularly in the trade of zero-day vulnerabilities.
Schaake said that although they were wary of over-regulation, trade in zero-days was currently a free-for-all.
Stephane Chardon, the European Commission's man in charge of export controls, said that "penalties must be effective and proportionate," but that this is as far as harmonisation at European level goes. In their view, more cooperation and sharing of information between countries is needed. They said that law-makers also have to decide whether cyber export controls should be kept as part of more general export controls or dealt with as a special case.
Vincenzo Iozzo from Rokaku Holdings argued that overly focusing on sellers was short-sighted. "Why punish the selling side, when you should be punishing the buyer side?" they asked.
Mailyn Fidler, Marshall Scholar at the University of Oxford, took a slightly more nuanced view, saying: "Wassenaar is about security and stability, not human rights per se. Demand [for these products] comes not only from human rights violators, but also our own governments." ®
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT TEMPERATURES EXPECTED TO DIPOVERNIGHT INTO THE LOW 30'S.SEARCHERS ON THE HUNT TODAY FORA MOTHER OF THREE FROMSACRAMENTO WHOM AUTHORITIESBELIEVE IS LOST IN THE WOODSNEAR AUBURN.>> SEARCH AREAS WITH GROUNDSEARCHERS.MIKE: THE SEARCH HAS UNCOVEREDHER CAR, CELL PHONE AND SLIP ONSHOES BUT NO TRACE OF HER.SINCE A RAILING VIDEO CAPTUREDMAGES OF Them DRIVING HERE EARLYSUNDAY MORNING.SHE GOT OUT OF Them CAR ATTHREE IN THE MORNING -- 3:00 INTHE MORNING AND They Are IN APLAY They Are UNFAMILIAR WITH.MIKE: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OFFOUL PLAY BUT THEY ARE TRYING TOUNRAVEL THE MYSTERY OF HOW SHEENDED UP HERE, MORE THAN 30MILES FROM HOME.>> I'M NOT SURE They Have ANYCONNECTION WITH ANYBODY INAUBURN.MIKE: They Are WORRIED ABOUT HER,WHO ALSO GOES BY THE NAME OFANNA MICHELLE.HE SAYS They Are DISTRESSED WHENTHEY SPOKE OVER THE WEEKEND.HE SHOWED US THE TEXT MESSAGESSHE SAID TWO DAYS BEFORE SHEDISAPPEARED.SHE SAID They Are SCARED ANDCANNOT BREATHE.>> THOSE MESSAGES WERE JUSTASKING HER, ARE YOU OK.
Advertisement Before vanishing, Sacramento mom called ex-boyfriend in tears Yin Wong's vehicle found near canyon along North Fork of American River Share Copy Link Copy
The search for a Sacramento woman whose abandoned vehicle was found in Placer County was on its third day Tuesday, with search crews sifting through the hilly grounds near the canyon of the North Fork of the American River.Yin Wong, 33, was last seen Saturday night by their boyfriend, but they were never reported missing by any family members until their abandoned Toyota Camry turned up near Auburn with their purse and keys still inside, according to Placer County sheriff's deputies.Wong's shoes were also found outside the vehicle, and search crews are concerned that they aren't dressed or prepared for the cold temperatures that have set into the region."(She was) definitely not prepared for the conditions that she's in. We recovered some shoes outside their car when we located it," Placer County sheriff's Sgt. Ty Conners said. "It's unknown if they actually have shoes on now or not, but their clothing was definitely not prepared for this kind of weather."Wong has no association with the Placer County area. Them relatives and boyfriend are not sure what they would have been doing out there."She has no connections up in Auburn," Conners said. "We have no reason why they would be up here. We actually have more ground searchers up here today because we are trying to do a more focused search. We actually have five counties up here helping us today."A newly released surveillance photo shows Wong shopping at Safeway in Sacramento at 12:09 a.m. Sunday -- the same morning their vehicle was found near Interstate 80 on the outskirts of Auburn.Wong's former boyfriend Bruce Woodruff said Wong seemed upset when they talked over the weekend two days before they disappeared."Those messages were just asking, ‘Are you OK? Are you going to be fine? I want to make sure you're OK,'" Woodruff said. "She called me on the phone. They were crying."Authorities said there is no evidence of foul play.Search and rescue crews will add more resources on Wednesday in an attempt to find Wong or decipher where they went."We're actually looking into the National Guard," said Conners, who added the plan is for the Guard to search some drainages all the way down to the American River.Wong is 5 feet tall and weighs around 150 pounds, with a stocky build and medium complexion, deputies said. They were last seen in a blue striped shirt and a skirt. Deputies don't believe they were wearing a jacket.Anyone with information about Wong's whereabouts is asked to call the Placer County Sheriff's Office at 530-889-7800.
× PA Voter ID Law Struck Down
HARRISBURG — A Commonwealth Court judge on Friday put a permanent hold on Pennsylvania's controversial Voter ID Law.
The law, passed in March 2012, required voters to show some form of photo ID, such as a driver's license. Voters who did not have a photo ID were entitled to obtain one issued by the state. That process involved going to one of PennDOT's photo license centers.
Appeals kept the law from fully taking effect, although voters have been asked, but not required, to show a photo ID on Election Day.
In Friday's ruling, the Commonwealth Court judge said that the process set up by the state for people to get photo IDs is unconstitutional because it “unreasonably burdens” the right to vote. Therefore, the law is invalid.
The state can appeal the ruling. In a written statement, the General Counsel to Governor Corbett says a decision regarding an appeal will be made shortly.
You can read the 103 page ruling here. PA VOTER ID RULING 1-17-14
If you've ever seen a five-year-old stand over a broken vase and say, “I didn't do it”, you might think lying is easy. But as Mark Twain observed: “An awkward, unscientific lie is often as ineffectual as the truth.”
Effective lying in a political campaign is very hard work. The soil has to be tilled and the lie planted just so. You have to water it over and over again. And then, at just the right moment, you add that special ingredient that makes it sprout and flower.
Let's look at the most effective lie currently spreading: President Obama is a threat to your Medicare. I live in a swing state (New Hampshire), so I've been seeing it in this ad:
At first glance, this looks like a rubber/glue lie: The guy who wants to turn Medicare into a privatized voucher program and then not fund it properly is Paul Ryan. How can the Romney/Ryan campaign turn that around and make themselves the defenders of Medicare?
They're doing it, and it seems to be working. I can feel the pull of their ad, even though I know it's false. How does that work? It's a master class in propaganda.
Start with a kernel of truth. Whether or not you believe that current deficits are necessary to stimulate the economy, you should worry about the rising cost of health care: It's not just that in the long run Medicare, Medicaid, and veteran's medical benefits threaten to swamp the federal budget, it's that health-care spending in general threatens to swamp the economy.
You can get spending growth down in two ways: Reform the system to deliver care more efficiently or deliver less care. The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) pushes the deliver-more-efficiently approach. Medicare benefits don't change, but hospitals get reimbursed less for delivering them. (Some of the profit built into hospital payments covers the emergency-room costs of the uninsured. ObamaCare lowers the number of uninsured, so hospitals don't need to charge the insured as much.) Also, the government curtails Medicare Advantage, a wasteful Republican attempt to build a private option into Medicare. (The private plans cost more, because the private sector is less efficient at things like this. The government has been picking up the difference.)
The result is an estimated $716 billion in savings over ten years.
That's the kernel of truth: Because of ObamaCare, the government will spend $716 billion less on Medicare.
Till the dirty soil. Bad propaganda boomerangs, because people who recognize your ugly falsehoods resent you for telling them. So you never want to be caught telling a nasty lie.
However … you can't be blamed for the false information, irrational prejudices, and ugly stereotypes that already sit inside people's heads, waiting to be exploited. So good propaganda contains only enough false or repulsive information to leverage the ignorance and misinformation that's already out there.
If you want to convince people that President Obama is sabotaging the Medicare they deserve, you've got a lot to work with.
Obama is black. Romney doesn't say, “You can't trust Obama because he's black”, because even whites who don't trust blacks would be horrified to hear it said out loud. In this post-civil-rights-movement era, it's rare to meet an open I-hate-niggers racist.
Still, race matters. White America does not give Obama the level of trust or respect a white president of either party would get. (Picture the outrage if a black member of congress had interrupted President Bush's state-of-the-union address by yelling, “You lie!”) And it's different when blacks do things we accept whites doing. (Picture armed blacks protesting in a Tea-Party-like manner, with signs calling for revolution. Picture a black senate candidate threatening “second amendment solutions” if their side loses the election.)
You till this soil by talking about how “foreign” Obama is, and how someone needs to teach them “how to be an American“. If you just imply “Obama isn't like you”, many whites will fill in the racist parts for themselves.
Blacks are lazy. They want the government to give them what white people earned. When Newt Gingrich calls Obama “the Food Stamp president”, he's counting on their audience to fill this in. If they aren't making the racial connection, Gingrich gives a nudge:
I'm prepared, if the NAACP invites me, I'll go to their convention and talk about why the African-American community should demand paychecks and not be satisfied with food stamps.
How did the NAACP get into this? Did they ever say they prefer food stamps to paychecks? No? Then what's Newt talking about?
Ditto when Rick Santorum said:
I don't want to make black people's lives better by giving them somebody else's money.
In context, that statement is a complete non sequitur unless the government-gives-white-money-to-blacks idea is sitting your head.
Romney themselves has tilled this ground with the Obama-gutted-welfare's-work-requirement lie, which they dispatched Gingrich to defend.
Liberals favor people who don't work over people who work. They've been tilling this one for years. But the weekend, overtime pay, safe workplaces, and Social Security and Medicare themselves — those are liberal ideas. Conservatives were against them every step of the way.
Nobody knows what's hidden in the Affordable Care Act's 2000 pages. Of course, if it had been 10 pages critics could say, “Nobody knows how ObamaCare will be implemented, because they left out all the details.” There's always an angle.
This ground was tilled with Sarah Palin's “death panel” lie — Politifact's 2009 Lie of the Year.
As a result, many of the simple things the ACA does are not understood — like getting rid of the donut hole in Medicare prescription drug coverage. (That's just one of the benefits seniors get from the bill. It isn't “not for you”.) The pieces of ObamaCare are actually fairly popular, when people find out what they are.
The middle class is vanishing because all the money is going to poor people. In reality, all the money is going to rich people, but that process is complicated. The story that your hard-earned money is being taxed away and given to layabouts is much easier to understand.
A bunch of related misconceptions help out, like “Illegal immigrants steal our jobs.” The common element is that if you're looking for someone to resent, look down, not up. The rich are heroes, “job creators” — not vultures who made a killing outsourcing everything to China.
Plant. Now look at what the Romney ad says: You (an aging white man) paid into Medicare “every paycheck” (because you worked for a living). But now Obama has siphoned $716 billion of those dollars into ObamaCare, a “massive new government program” which is “not for you”.
So who is it for? People not like you — the young, the non-white, the people who didn't work.
Years of effort have pushed the idea that ObamaCare is a suspicious program put forward by an illegitimate president in order to give healthcare away to people who don't work. If you've been buying the Republican message so far, you've been expecting something like what this ad is telling you.
Supply “independent” verification. Most people are too smart to believe something just because a TV ad says so. Instead, they look for independent verification. So they shrug off the claim that something is “the #1 movie in America” until they find out whether anybody at work has seen it.
But Americans have a lot less direct human contact than they used to. The difference is taken up by voices on the radio or emails from strangers who sound real. Many of them are not real, and conservatives have learned to exploit this avenue of false verification.
Last November, a “brain surgeon” called in to the Mark Levin show to say that ObamaCare would deny brain surgery to anyone over 70. They had the inside scoop, because he'd just come from a American Association of Neuro-Surgeons meeting where the new HHS guidelines document had circulated.
A viral email picked that up, amplified it, and kept people accessing the clip online. A hospital employee heard a doctor repeat it.
It was all fake. There was no meeting; there was no document; the guy who called in wasn't a brain surgeon. They were just a voice in the ether, telling you something that somebody wanted you to believe.
Now this is going around:
Your Medicare premiums are going to double because of ObamaCare! There it is — the exact numbers! — independently verified by somebody who leaked the information out of BlueCross. But it hasn't appeared publicly because of Obama's 2012 campaign!
Except … it's all fake. BlueCross has nothing to do with it. The numbers are made up.
It's just something somebody wants you to believe. And it rockets around the country from cousin to co-worker to classmate. Inside information! Conveniently verifying the false thing that Mitt Romney is telling you.
No one knows how many of these fakes are out there, and by the time they get noticed and debunked the deed is done.
Nobody has succeeded in tracing such hoaxes back their sources, other than to note that they are overwhelmingly conservative. But they can't just happen. No one can accidentally create such well-designed lies.
Don't underestimate the power of lies. You may see some ad like Romney's and say, “Nobody's going to buy that.” But the ad is just the tip of the iceberg. It's the visible piece of a complete propaganda campaign, much of which happens in places you don't see.
President Bush yesterday took as harsh a one-two beatdown as they have endured in the entire seven cynical, corrupt years of their doomed presidency.
First Silvestre Reyes, Chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, sent them a damning letter on their stubborn and hypocritical position on FISA. The letter not only outlines the facts of the law and the circumstances surrounding it for those who might only be familiar with the overt lie that Bush has been pandering to the American public, it concludes with a statement of intent that every single Member of Congress would do well to adopt:
I, for one, do not intend to back down â€“ not to the terrorists and not to anyone, including a President, who wants Americans to cower in fear. We are a strong nation. We cannot allow ourselves to be scared into suspending the Constitution. If we do that, we might as well call the terrorists and tell them that they have won.
Hear, hear.
Later, in another of their fire-breathing special comments, MSNBC's Keith Olbermann looked Mr. Bush in the eye and said “you're a fascist.” Then it got worse, as they administered a nard-stomping that transcended all other special comments in its honesty and clarity. Seriously, you have to see this one for yourself:
I'm not sure what went into Tom Petty's decision-making as they pondered their set for the Super Bowl halftime show, but I'm glad they settled on “I Won't Back Down.” No, the song wasn't written about this administration, but it was appropriate fare for a national audience that has done nothing but back down for the past seven years.
We talk, with an excess of Rambo-esque bravado, about how brave and tough we are as a nation, but what kind of moral courage is really involved in trying to spread “democracy” around the world when we're not even willing to fight for it at home? And what kind of leader uses massive force to inflict “freedom” on others when they systematically attack the liberty of their own people?
So today, tomorrow, and from here on out, in the halls of Congress and on the streets of our cities and towns, if I might ask one simple thing of my fellow citizens, it's this: more show, less tell.
Govt surrenders Pakistanis' rights to British govt
Govt surrenders Pakistanis' rights to British govt
ISLAMABAD: Just four hours before the expiry of the constitutional term of the National Assembly and the federal cabinet, the government signed a major agreement with the British government giving it the right to expel 25 Pakistanis in a year without following any legal procedure.
The agreement is a blatant violation of the Constitution and the law, as the federal cabinet's approval is a must before signing any such agreement with a state.
According to credible sources, the UK had been demanding this right by making major amendments to a 2005 agreement signed between the two countries.
Under this agreement, Pakistan was being asked to surrender the right of its citizens living in the UK to approach courts against any adverse action taken against them so that the British authorities could forcibly send them back home.
The UK was pressing Pakistan to amend the 2005 immigration matters related agreement in a way that it could deport as many as 25 Pakistanis without fulfilling any legal formalities or presenting evidences against them in the British courts. However, both the Foreign Office of Pakistan and security agencies objected to this move.
On Saturday, Farid Ahmad Khan, Director National Crisis Management Cell (NCMC), was allegedly pressured by the government to sign the new agreement with British High Commissioner in Pakistan Adam Thomson.
Talking to The News, Farid Khan admitted signing this major amendment to the 2005 agreement. They also admitted that the federal cabinet had never approved this.
He, however, insisted that there was no pressure on them and the amendment draft had been written and approved by their superiors. Farid said they had signed it as all their superiors had already approved it.
“See this is obvious that this agreement will be applicable after approval of the next federal cabinet,” Farid said. They repeatedly insisted that the signing of this agreement will not infringe the rights of Pakistanis in the UK.
With nine stages done and dusted at the Giro d'Italia, the general classification picture is a little bit clearer, but much remains unknown. Related Articles Recon Ride: Giro d'Italia - Podcast
Giro d'Italia: Vegni regrets Blockhaus crash but defends role of Italian police
Robert Millar blog: Rating the Giro d'Italia contenders
Giro d'Italia: Dumoulin the favourite for Montefalco time trial - Preview
Giro d'Italia: Pinot not afraid of the pink jersey
The sprinters and a few lucky breakers battled for most of the stage victories in Sardinia, Sicily and southern Italy before the GC hostilities kicked off in earnest on the Blockhaus climb. And yet, while Nairo Quintana claimed the race lead and Sky and Orica-Scott saw their pink jersey hopefuls tumble down the GC leaderboard on stage 9, the overall title remains very much in play among a number of pre-race favourites.
The Recon Ride's second Giro d'Italia podcast dissects the first nine days of racing at the Italian Grand Tour and looks ahead to the next six, previewing the upcoming stretch of stages on the menu before the final rest day.
The Financial Impact of BFZ: Quick Hitter Catch up (Part 1)
by SaffronOlive // Sep 15, 2015 Tweet
battle for zendikar finance financial impact bfz
It's been a few days since we last talked about the financial impact of Battle for Zendikar, so today we are going to try something a bit different. Instead of talking in-depth about two or three cards, we are going to talk about a whole bunch of cards, but try to keep the analysis of each short and sweet. While I might break the "quick hitter" rule with some cards and go a bit deeper, I'm going to do my best to keep the article moving forward so we can cover a lot of ground.
Before we get to the cards, it is once again time for the obligatory warning about the composition of the set: mythics and rares from Battle for Zendikar are going to be worth less that "normal" thanks to the composition of the set, which includes not only the incredibly expensive Zendikar Expeditions, but a very playable dual land cycle, three manlands and full art basics. There is only so much value to go around and history suggests it will not be the price of the rare lands that suffer the most — this will be random rares and mythics. As such, when discussing the potential prices of various cards, try to keep the big picture in mind. Anyway, let's talk about some new cards!
Greenwarden of Murasa
Greenwarden of Murasa may be the best See the Unwritten target in Battle for Zendikar, which is a little sad considering the set is overrun with Eldrazi. Just in case you've never played with Eternal Witness in conjunction with Chord of Calling or Collected Company, these effects create a weird sort of loop. If you See the Unwritten for Greenwarden of Murasa (and maybe another creature, assuming you have ferocious), by the time the Regrowth trigger goes on the stack See the Unwritten is already in the graveyard so you can immediately return it to your hand and do it all over again. The second time you cast it, you'll definitely have ferocious assuming Greenwarden of Murasa is still on the battlefield.
Basically this is a double Eternal Witness (which seems to be an odd, fringe theme of Battle for Zendikar considering that Hedron Archive is a double Mind Stone). While far less playable in older formats because it costs six-mana (and you don't get the second trigger if it gets exiled by Path to Exile), I am legitimately excited about this card in Standard assuming the format is slow and grindy enough that we can reasonably expect to get to six-mana. Financially, I expect Greenwarden of Murasa to be right about average in terms of price; for a Battle for Zendikar mythic, that should be in the $3 range once all is said and done. On the other hand, I think the odds are greater that it trends toward bulk than that it ends up being one of the few chase mythics of the set which can maintain a price of around $10.
Akoum Firebird
While the idea of curving Flamewake Phoenix into Akoum Firebird or Butcher of the Horde into Kolaghan, the Storm's Fury is interesting and maybe even be powerful, it seems likely that Akoum Firebird will suffer from the numbers game of the set and end up being bulk or just above bulk. Costing six-mana to rebuy with the landfall ability feels like a ton, although it is nice that it goes directly to the battlefield and can be played at instant speed with the help of fetchlands. Maybe there is a deck that wants to leave up counter magic and activate this end of turn?
The history of this type of card (Phoenixes that rise from the ashes) doesn't really give me much faith that Akoum Firebird can maintain a high price tag. Chandra's Phoenix is by far the best of the bunch, but it is also a hasty Wind Drake that reanimates for three and a burn spell to your opponent's face. Flame-Wreath Phoenix has not seen any play (thanks to the punisher mechanic), Flamewake Phoenix has seen fringe play at best, Ashcould Phoenix sometimes randomly shows up in small numbers, and the rest of the phoenix tribe are horrible, unplayable, and overcosted. Maybe Akoum Firebird can overcome its questionable bloodlines, but until a deck list proves me wrong, this feels like it will land somewhere between $0.50 and $1.50.
Felidar Sovereign
And these boys and girls, is the danger of investing in casual cards that maintain their price tag not from competitive demand, but due to low supply. You just never know when a Felidar Sovereign will be reprinted at rare in the soon-to-be most opened set of all time. There is literally no way of predicting a reprint like this from the outside; the odds of a Felidar Sovereign reprint is roughly the same as any other mythic from the original Zendikar block. And guessing when a card will be downgraded in rarity is a fool's errand. A couple days ago, you could buylist copies for $7; today, the best you can manage is $2 if you can find a vendor willing to purchase copies at all.
On the other hand, Felidar Sovereign is a popular casual card and this reprint means players will be able to pick up copies on the cheap. Unless there is some odd Standard deck that manages to use Felidar Sovereign as a finisher, this will likely be very close to bulkix months from now. While a reprinting will likely increase casual demand to some extent (as new players who have never had heard of the card discover it in Battle for Zendikar or FNM players try some janky combo deck), there is no way that demand will keep up with supply. I'd expect $0.50 to $1.00 early this spring, and the long-term prospects don't seem all that rosy. I'm just not confident that any casual-only card can overcome the massive supply of Battle for Zendikar unless we see another run of Zendikar though Innistrad like player base growth in the coming years.
Dragonmaster Outcast
As I sit here writing this you can still buylist copies of Dragonmaster Outcast for up to $8 and most of the major vendors are purchasing copies. While I'm not sure this will be true when this article sees print a few hours from now, if you have copies sitting around, you should check as soon as possible because there might still be a window to cash out. Everything I just said about Felidar Sovereign holds true for Dragonmaster Outcast, although the floor is a bit higher simply because it remains at mythic in Battle for Zendikar. This card wasn't always $15. At rotation it was a $3.50 card that has followed the slow-growth trajectory of older mythics that have not been reprinted. This massive new supply will likely put copies into the $3 range, maybe even lower. If you can, sell your copies now. You'll be able to rebuy them for less than half of current buylist prices in a couple months.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
Since we are on the topic of reprints, we might as well briefly touch on Sylvan Scrying. There is one group of tournament players in the entire world that want Sylvan Scrying, and those are Tron players in Modern. Thanks to the BFZ reprinting, they'll now be able to pick up copies (with horrible art) for cheap. Oddly, buylists are still paying nearly $3 for older version, so you still have the opportunity to dump yours and pick up the BFZ version for $0.50 in a few weeks.
Void Winnower
This might be the strangest mythic ever printed. The only things that makes sense to me is that we'll see an "odds" version of Void Winnower at some point in Battle for Zendikar block for the 18-mana hard lock. If that is the case, See the Unwritten for Void Winnower and "Odd Winnower" sounds super sweet. It basically wins you the game as your opponent will never be able to cast another spell or attack with another creature.
On the other hand, just hosing even CMC cards isn't all that exciting, and even less so when it costs nine manas to do so. I guess if we end up in some crazy metagame where everyone is curving two-drops into four-drops into six-drops it could be a thing, but most competitive decks have plays at all points on the curve. Plus most of the cards that kill Void Winnower are "odds" anyway (Abzan Charm, Ruinous Path, all wraths (unfortunately), Foul-Tongue Invocation, Murderous Cut, Titan's Presence and Stasis Snag), so Void Winnower isn't especially good at protecting itself. For now I'm calling this a bulk mythic, although there is potential it becomes playable, either because we are in a strangely even meta, or because its "odds" doppelganger sees print.
Shambling Vent/Lumbering Falls
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
When it was revealed that we were getting enemy manlands in Battle for Zendikar, I was pretty excited. Creeping Tar Pit and Celestial Colonnade are two of my all-time favorite cards because they are not only solid finishers, but the opportunity cost of running manlands is so low; they are creatures that don't take up non-land card slots in your deck.
Unfortunately, neither Shambling Vent nor Lumbering Falls are very inspiring. Yes, they will be playable in Standard and likely very good, but if you compare their power level to the original manlands, both seem quite low. In fact, there is a very real debate as to whether or not they are worse than Lavaclaw Reaches, which pretty much everyone agrees was the worst of the Worldwake cycle. While I still look forward to playing these cards, my hype for the cycle is slowly dwindling. Instead of being the rightful heir to the WWK cycle, the Battle for Zendikar manlands are more like the second coming of Ghitu Encampment and Forbidding Watchtower.
Financially, $3 seems about right for this cycle. Remember, even Modern staple manlands like Creeping Tar Pit and Celestial Collonade were in the $5 range while they were in Standard. Plus they were from a set that apart from Jace, the Mind Sculptor, didn't have all that much value which theoretically gave them more room to maintain a higher price.
Brutal Explosion
Brutal Explosion is pretty awesome. It will often be a two-for-one, or at least a 1.5-for-one, and is basically the spell version of Venser, Shaper Savant, but instead of blocking and trading with an x/2, Brutal Explosion just kills it outright. Assuming an opponent is playing their spells during their second main phase (as they should), you can potentially combine the two damage with a chump-blocking creature to take down a Siege Rhino or some other large threat.
One place I'm really interested in testing this card is alongside Ojutai's Command in some sort of Standard Jeskai Control list. Between the two cards you can leave up four manas and have an answer for just about anything. Maybe throw in a couple dragons to finish things off (and provide synergy with some other spells) and it seems like exactly the type of deck I'd enjoy playing. Obviously building a control deck for an unknown meta is foolish, so building a control deck when we don't even know what cards will be in Standard is downright insane, but what about something like this:
* Obviously to Dissipate will be whatever Standard legal 3-CMC counter is best. There are rumors of a Cancel that has Awakened 3 at 4UU, but this has yet to be confirmed.
Parade of Bulk Rares - Part 1
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
How important will it be to get from six to ten manas in Battle for Zendikar Standard? For Nissa's Renewal to be playable, it better be pretty important. The good news is, as Paulo pointed out on Twitter, "if you're spending your 6th turn putting three lands into play then, gain 7 life is exactly what you want." Even at its best, Nissa's Renewal feels like a fringe rare, and fringe rares from Battle for Zendikar are also bulk rares.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
A Sanguine Bond stapled to one of the most popular creature types in casual Magic is a card I want to like, but Defiant Bloodlord has a lot working against it. As I've said before, I just don't have faith that the casual market can move the needle on Battle for Zendikar cards in general, and rares in specific — I think the supply will be just too high barring another massive explosion in player-base growth. Even worse, Defiant Bloodlord is an intro pack rare, which even in a "normal" set is usually a death sentence for the price of casual cards. While this will certainly be bulk during its Standard life, I think odds are it will still be bulk in three years despite being an obvious casual hit.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
To me March from the Tomb feels like a trap. Most of the Allies decks I've played against play a lot like Slivers except even more aggressive. They are looking to close out the game before ever reaching five manas, topping out with things like Collected Company on turn four. I have a hard time imagining that getting 8 CMC from your graveyard at sorcery speed for five manas in two colors is better than getting six CMC from your library at instant speed for mana of one color. Maybe it will see some play in Standard, but so far, it's not even clear there will be an Ally deck in Standard. Even if there is, it might not want March from the Tomb; and even if it does, March from the Tomb will likely remain a bulk rare.
Conclusion
Anyway, that's all for today. We have plenty more cards to talk about and more are being spoiled by the day, so I'll be back soon to discuss some more Battle for Zendikar. Until then, what do you think? Can Brutal Explosion see Modern play? Am I underrating March from the Tomb? Are the new manlands better than I think? Do casual cards from this set have any chance of growing in value over the long-term? Let me know in the comments, or you can reach me on Twitter (or MTGO) @SaffronOlive.
2 people found this review helpful
1 person found this review funny
Not Recommended 984.3 hrs on record
I have been regularly playing this game since its release (nearly 1000 hours spent, no less ;-) ) but clearly, I do not recommend it.
Here are some elements to advocate my point of view:
Pros:
+ beautiful illustrations (I really love them, such a great work!)
+ true to elder scrolls universe ( blood elf forever ;) )
+ sometimes superb combos possible!
+ nice stories with good situations
+ easy to collect average cards through farming
+ and that's all folks!
Cons:
- poorer and poorer AI...
- ... resulting in poorer and poorer card draw as time goes...
- ... and this is even worse with ranked game, simply horrible!
-> I feel sorry for all those guys who try so hard in ranked = to my opinion, complete waste of time ;-)
- Not truly random in fact: (action/creature) summoning and more generally card draw seems always biased by current situation, enforcing the loss or the win usually.
-> already happens that I received 3 same cards at initial draw: only 3/50 * 2/49 * 1/48 chance, even lower for 75 cards deck...
-> sorry guys but it seems highly unlikely, statistics never lie...
- prophecy cards usually destroy game experience (sorry guys but I hate these cards that AI constantly throws at you to try to fix early unbalanced game)
- limited number of decks you can build (reached limit in less than a year, wow ?!?)
- unbalanced card distribution with some legendary cards far too strong compared to other rarity cards.
- buying cards too expensive now: it seems to me it got worse with change of developper team
- stupid cristal animation each time you get paid for a card: so boring and time-consuming!
-> why can't I select all the cards I want to exchange and convert them once and for all at the end?
- no rewards, even much smaller, when you play versus friends: I love the spirit...
- in free duels, I regularly play slow players that seem to begin with the game: after nearly 1000 hours of game, I want to play quick games and not wait for players that discover my cards or theirs! Shame that no mode for very quick free duels exists after nearly 2 years of existence!
- why force a minimum at 50 cards? and why 75 cards for 3-color decks?
- why not push the concept and go up to 5-color decks?
- ...
I hope these comments will help you if you want to explore challenges in this game. Anyway, try it your own way!
Over the weekend, vandals sprayed satanic graffiti of the phrase “Hail Satan” and pentagrams on four Long Island churches.
Three churches in North Amityville, Suffolk County, were vandalized on Friday; on Saturday, a fourth nearby church was defaced.
The New York Post reported that three Pentacostal churches were targeted, Gospel Church, Amityville Full Gospel Tabernacle, and Prayer Tabernacle Church of God in Christ; the fourth church, Shaw Temple A.M.E. Zion, is African Methodist Episcopal.
Walter Willie, the pastor at Prayer Tabernacle Church of God in Christ, told WPIX-TV: “They must have a vendetta. To attack a place of healing, a place that helps people in time of great need — whoever did this has hurt in their heart.”
Alton Lamont, a deacon at Amityville Full Gospel Tabernacle, added, “It's very upsetting that someone would desecrate a house of God.”
Only a week before, New Covenant Church in East Meadow, New York, located in nearby Nassau County, was vandalized with “demonic imagery and phrases,” the Post reported.
On Sunday, the churches' pastors and congregants held a kind of exorcism; Amityville Full Gospel's pastor, William Walker, 48, placed their hands where the pentagram had ben removed, shouting, “The blood of Jesus covers this house! No distress, no fear, to this family! Bless this house, no sign of evil will stop the word of God. Hail Jesus, hail Jesus, hail Jesus!”
CATLETTSBURG, Ky. (WSAZ) -- Police are asking for help in identifying a man they say is short changing businesses in Catlettsburg.
Police Capt. Terry Clark says the man is caught on camera in at least two businesses scamming the cashiers.
"Their goal is to work as quickly as possible, confuse you to get your money," Clark said.
Clark says the man stole from the Tri-State Pawn and Jewelry shop, as well as Bowling Feed and Hardware which is right down the street.
"If he's hit two businesses, you guarantee he's probably hit five to 10 and they're not aware of it," Clark said. "Possibly the employee that was the victim was too embarrassed to say anything to the boss or even the owner of the business. Might have been too embarrassed to call the police."
The thief got away with $50 at the hardware store, according to the manager. At the pawn shop, the man got away with $150.
"He knew exactly what they were doing when they short changed her," said Cody Williams, the general manager at the pawn shop. "She [the cashier] realized shortly after we did the transaction that something was wrong."
Williams said the man walked in and asked the cashier to ring up a $1 DVD.
"He was nice and they were very matter-of-fact like they knew what they were doing and trying to confuse her," said Williams who says the man did more of telling instead of suggesting. "Give me this.I'll take that. You take this."
Clark says the "nice" behavior is common for this type of crime. They say the suspects are friendly and even charming.
"A lot of times they're very touchy-feely when they come up to you," Clark said. "They're asking you questions. They're smiling at you and things like that, trying to put you at ease and to trust them. You look at them. You talk to them. They act like they're your best friend."
Then, Williams said the man wanted to pay with a big bill.
"He gives them more money than what they need, asks for change," Williams said. "He repeats this process several times until she's totally confused."
Clark says this is also a classic move. They say the scammer will ask to purchase a cheap item and pay with a large bill. The scammer will then try to convince the cashier that they or they gave the employee a different bill than the customer really did.
This process will continue until the employee has lost track of the money. Meanwhile, the person may have even swiped some of the money off the counter.
The suspect was caught on surveillance video at both businesses.
Williams says their goal, in addition to warning others, is, "To find out who it is and put them in jail. Obviously he's hitting several local businesses."
The suspect's vehicle was also caught on camera in the parking lot.
Police say the man drove a silver Dodge Nitro. The model year is between 2011 and 2016. They do not have a license plate number though.
To avoid falling victim to this con, Clark says to take these precautions:
Leave the cash outside of the register so the scammer can't convince you he/she gave you a different bill.
Only handle one transaction at a time. Don't let the person try to swap change in the middle of the checkout.
If the person seems suspicious, call over another employee for any reason, even if it's just for a price check. Police say the more people you have around, the more nervous the person will become and he/she may give up and leave.
If you think the same man short changed your business, call Catlettsburg Police at (606) 739-5126.
New psychiatric reports are to be carried out on a lab technician who dressed as a female rogue elf to steal lingerie at knifepoint.
Robert Boyd, 45, donned a blonde wig and glasses to hold up staff at a women's underwear store in Belfast.
They claimed in court to have been involved in the futuristic fantasy role-playing game Shadowrun at the time of the robbery in December 2005.
Boyd said at their trial that they had blurred the lines between reality and make-believe as they assumed a character called Buho, a magic-using criminal lady elf who carried a sword.
They were convicted of stealing two sets of bras, knickers, suspender belts and stockings, worth £250 from Orchid Lingerie.
The university worker, from Broadlands, Carrickfergus, County Antrim, said they had been facing pressures in their job and marriage when they threatened the female shop owner after asking for a discount.
With a jury finding them guilty by a 10 to two majority, they face possible imprisonment.
But sentencing, which was to go ahead today, was adjourned to allow further assessments of their mental health.
They will now discover their punishment at a hearing in Belfast Crown Court in June.
One of Western Canada's largest home automation projects is underway in Saskatoon in Greenbryre.
The house, designed and constructed by Decora Homes, is built for entertaining. The home's star quality is revealed in a 21-seat home theatre – one of the largest of its kind in Saskatoon. With full 3D capability, the 17.5 foot wide screen is the largest the manufacturer has ever installed in a residence. The screen also has automatic, motorized masking to match the aspect ratio of the film.
There's a professional grade karaoke system, and approximately 70 speakers throughout the home with class a/b sound – the highest level of audio quality available. Four 84-inch touch screen displays work as TVs, but can also be used by the kids to play interactive games, or be used by the client as touch screen displays for business meetings.
The entire house is on a centralized lighting system that turns lights on and off automatically as you enter or leave a room – there are no light switches in the house. The automatic lighting is one aspect that helps to maximize energy efficiency, plus a full energy management system will help the homeowners keep tabs on power generated by the home's solar panels, with energy stored in five Tesla Powerwall batteries.
Controlled through 20 touch screens available throughout the house, the system allows users to control the temperature in any room, close or open over 80 motorized shades, and access detailed information about how the whole system is running.
This is the second time One Touch Automation and One Touch Security has worked with the client – several years ago, they acted as a consultant and supplied equipment for the client's house in China. The client chose One Touch again for this project in Saskatoon because they knew they could handle a big project like this.
“Especially at that scale, it's a lot about credibility and capability,” says Calvin Garraway, president of One Touch Automation.
One Touch is also taking care of the security for the home, installing a massive system that includes facial detection and video analytics to detect threats.
“The house is the largest my company has ever worked with, and the second largest we've ever heard of,” says Garraway. “And it's one of the most advanced houses in Saskatchewan, if not the most advanced… It's not like any other house in Saskatchewan by a long shot.”
The brain of the operation is in the data room, with eight full size racks to house all the equipment needed.
“The data room has two air conditioners just to cool the data room that run 24 hours a day all year round,” Garraway says. “When the owner turns everything on and uses the whole house, 44,000 BTUs of heat are generated. The average fireplace is a little bit less than that. Imagine a typical bedroom with a fireplace running in it 24 hours a day; that bedroom is going to get hot.”
For the same client, One Touch is doing a full automation system in a Mercedes Sprinter Van. Working in partnership with a company out of the U.S., they're converting the van into a luxury travel van with lighting control, temperature control, two TVs and a full bar.
“We had to sit down with Crestron engineers and design a way to do this because it's not something that's been done before.” Since that meeting, Crestron has now released this as a software update for all Crestron dealers. “We're always taking on projects that push the boundaries a little bit,” Garraway says.
One Touch has three divisions – electrical, automation, and security – allowing them to look after all aspects of any project, and helping to simplify support.
“We have the added benefit of being able to tie all those systems together if we're taking it to the next level,” says Garraway.
You can see for yourself what their team can accomplish: The One Touch Automation showroom on 8th Street has an 11-seat home theatre, a fully automated boardroom, and an automated living space, showing off everything their systems offer.
While the extraordinary house in Greenbryre is pulling out all the stops to embrace every aspect of home automation, Garraway says there are varying levels of home automation available that are more affordable than ever for the average homeowner.
“Right now we're seeing a huge change in how automation is being done.”
Samsung, Apple and Google are all offering out-of-the-box automation systems, changing the industry and making it more affordable, Garraway says. One Touch offers affordable packages that include these consumer products.
The next level up is about simplifying the system. The cheaper solutions will give you several applications to learn and manage, while a professional system will bring everything into one easy-to-use app.
“Home automation is becoming a standard in the industry,” Garraway says. “We're not far away from seeing every builder offer it.”
Check out all of the articles in the latest edition of Living Spaces Magazine here .
This story was created by Content Works, Postmedia's commercial content studio, on behalf of Living Spaces Magazine.
Flooding on the southbound Long Beach (710) Freeway, between the Willow and Anaheim exits. Photo taken Friday, January 20, 2017 by Sarah Bennett.
Reports of flooding on the southbound Long Beach (710) Freeway today have prompted California Highway Patrol officials to warn drivers to avoid driving through standing water.
The No. 1 and No. 2 lanes on the southbound 710 freeways near Pacific Coast Highway were reported as flooded at about 12:43PM, according to the CHP Traffic Incident Information page.
RELATED City Officials Provide Tips and Resources for Upcoming Series of Powerful Storms
“If you're driving through the area the best thing to do is just take it slow,” said CHP Officer Kevin Tao. “If you see standing water, try to avoid driving through those lanes because we don't know how deep those waters are.”
Tao said officers usually wait to see if water eventually subsides before calling Caltrans personnel to remove standing water.
This is the second of three storms expected to hit the Southland until Monday. Today's storm is expected to be the coldest of the three and its heaviest rainfall will occur during daytime hours, according to the National Weather Service, which predicted up to three inches of moderate to heavy rain today.
The third storm, which is expected to be the strongest, will mostly show up Sunday and clear out the following day, although showers are in Tuesday's forecast.
City News Service contributed to this report.
Stephanie Rivera covers immigration and the north, west and central parts of Long Beach. Reach them at [email protected] or on Twitter at @StephRivera88.
Special Prosecutor Francis Schmitz, who is looking into supposed illegal coordination between independent conservative groups in Wisconsin and the recall campaign of Governor Scott Walker, got a nasty surprise from a state judge on Friday.
Some so-called "John Doe" subpoenas issued by Schmitz were ruled improper because they "do not show probable cause that the moving parties committed any violations of the campaign finance laws."
The Wall Street Journal reports:
The quashed subpoenas were sent to Friends of Scott Walker, Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce Inc., the Wisconsin Club for Growth, and Citizens for a Strong America, as well as their officers and directors. Judge Peterson's order doesn't apply to other subpoena targets, but they can presumably get the same result if they file a motion with the judge and have a similar factual basis. The order is all the more remarkable because it bluntly rejects the prosecutor's theory of illegal coordination between the groups and the Walker campaign. Wisconsin's campaign finance statutes ban coordination between independent groups and candidates for a "political purpose." But a political purpose "requires express advocacy," the judge wrote, and express advocacy means directly advocating the election or defeat of a candidate. "There is no evidence of express advocacy" and therefore "the subpoenas fail to show probable cause that a crime was committed," Judge Peterson wrote. Even "the State is not claiming that any of the independent organizations expressly advocated" for the election of Mr. Walker or their opponent, they added. Instead they did "issue advocacy," which focuses on specific political issues. This means that prosecutors essentially invented without evidence the possibility of criminal behavior to justify the subpoenas and their thuggish tactics. At least three targets had their homes raided at dawn, with police turning over belongings, seizing computers and files, and even barring phone calls. The judge's order vindicates our suspicion that the John Doe probe is a political operation intended to shut up Mr. Walker's allies as they seek re-election this year. No one has taken public credit for appointing the special prosecutor, but we know the probe began in the office of Milwaukee County Assistant District Attorney Bruce Landgraf. Mr. Landgraf works for Milwaukee County Democratic D.A. John Chisholm, and this is their second secret probe of Mr. Walker. The first one ended up with small-time violations against Walker aides but didn't touch the Governor. The subpoenas asked for all information and data and communications stretching back to 2009, two years before the recall elections that were supposedly the central issue. Because the subpoenas sought both donor identities and internal communications of the targeted groups, they failed to demonstrate the narrow and targeted investigation that the First Amendment demands. Our sources also say that only conservative groups were targeted.
If at first you don't succeed...
Democrats in Wisconsin are desperate. Walker's public employee reforms have eviscerated the power of unions in the state and Democrats are looking for any way they can to even the playing field. Much of the cash, many campaign workers, and much of the energy in Democratic politics in the state come from public unions. And with the unions crippled, Democrats are worried that the same coalition that brought Walker victory in the recall election will ride over them again in November.
Walker's allies aren't out of the woods yet. But without the subpoenas, Schmitz will have a hard time making any kind of case against them.
Vettel positioned their car slightly to the left of their front row grid slot at Shanghai in order to get their wheels away from the slippery white painted lines.
Although their placing was noted by the FIA flight attendants, a subsequent decision was taken that no further action was warranted.
F1's Sporting Regulations do not actually state that a driver must form up exactly within the white lines of their grid box – only that "they will stop within their respective grid positions" after the formation lap.
At last year's Japanese Grand Prix, for example, Daniel Ricciardo was given permission by the FIA to start slightly out of their grid box because it was wet.
This caused a bit of a stir at the time because Lewis Hamilton claimed that a similar request from Mercedes had been turned down.
But with the FIA having previously suggested that 'common sense' is the main determining factor in what is and is not allowed, Horner actually thinks something more solid is required.
"It is obvious what they were trying to do, to get towards the drier part of the track which you can understand," said Horner about Vettel's grid position.
"But it would be good to have clarity on does the driver have to start in their grid box or not…. Is it just a line or is it is a box?
"I remember it being discussed [after Japan last year]. They got no advantage from it, but it would be good to have clarity."
The news of the rape of a five-year-old girl, who is now battling for life, has left Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan numb. They say people who indulge in such heinous crimes should be exposed in public for proper justice."The horror of the latest crime of rape and then attempt to kill a 5-year-old little girl, leaves me numb and without voice! These evil beings are not fit to be called animals... even animals have certain codes of conduct," the 70-year-old posted on their blog srbachchan.tumblr.com.The girl was abducted April 15 and held hostage in east Delhi's Gandhi Nagar for over two days, according to police."What is happening to us as a society, a community? Why and how are we succumbing to these atrocious and ghastly acts... who are these people and where do they come from... which mother gave birth to them, and how were they brought up... in which environment," they further posted.Big B also feels that a jail sentence is not the best solution for such criminals."Keeping them bound and confined shall not change them or their thinking... they need to be made examples of... they need to be shamed first publicly and then left to the public to deal them justice in whichever way they seem fit," they posted."There seems to be complete vacuousness in how the situation needs to be dealt with. No one seems to have solutions, or worse, preventions. We wait till a deed happens and then get active on how to deal with the situation... we have no mechanism to preempt a situation... whether it be a rape or a terrorist attack."We all are living in insecure times, where the fear of authority and the call of discipline and awareness is non-existent. We live on love and fresh air... and we hope that what befalls tragically on others, shall not befall us," they further posted.
The fire sent smoke billowing over Las Vegas
Footage of the blaze
Plumes of smoke billowed from the Monte Carlo hotel on the city's main street, the Strip, but the blaze was quickly contained by firefighters.
The fire broke out at about 1100 (1900 GMT) but the flames were brought under control about an hour later.
No-one is reported to have been injured and the cause is not yet known.
Guests, including a bride in wedding dress, were relocated to nearby hotels.
Tim Szymanski from the Las Vegas Fire Department told the BBC the blaze appeared to be confined to the outside of the building:
"It's a little difficult because... you don't have fire ladders that can reach up to the 32nd floor, they can only go up to about the sixth or seventh floor. The fire appears to be on the exterior of the building, not on the inside," they said.
They added that the building was fully equipped with automatic fire sprinklers.
'Burning debris'
Local officials said the hotel's top floor penthouse suites, traditionally used by the casino's high rollers, seemed not to have been affected by the fire.
Clark County fire chief Steven Smith denied local media reports that there were people still trapped in the building.
"We will do a thorough look through the building to make sure everyone is accounted for," they said, quoted by AFP news agency.
Larry Wappel, from Indiana, told AP news agency that they and their brother were in a room on the 30th floor when they heard hotel staff banging on doors and telling guests to evacuate.
They said it took about 10 minutes to walk down the stairs to get to the ground floor.
"There were a couple of ladies crying, but it was pretty calm," they added.
Another guest, Renza Badilla, was on the main casino level when the fire alarms went off and said they exited through the hotel kitchen to find burning debris and embers falling from the roof.
The entire Las Vegas Strip was shut to traffic and neighbouring hotels also evacuated.
The 3,000-room Monte Carlo hotel and adjoining casino are owned by entertainment company MGM Mirage.
Modelled on the Place du Casino in Monaco, it was completed in 1996 costing more than $300m to build.
A fire at Las Vegas' MGM Grand Hotel in 1980 claimed more than 80 lives and injured nearly 700 people.
The 10,000-year-old bones of a mammoth and other extinct ice age mammals have been unearthed in the north end zone of Oregon State University's Reser Stadium.
Construction crews digging up earth during the Valley Football Center expansion project uncovered a large femur bone from a mammoth as well as bones from a bison and a camel, OSU spokesperson Steve Clark told The Oregonian/OregonLive.
"Our archaeologist believes this could have been the location of a pond, a watering hole for these animals," Clark said, "or a place where they came to die."
Construction crews called Loren Davis, an associate professor of anthropology at OSU, to the site after the initial discovery.
"There are quite a few bones, and dozens of pieces," Davis said, adding that no human bones were discovered. "Some of the bones are not in very good shape, but some are actually quite well preserved."
Davis said the discovery of the ancient mammal bones is not unusual in the Willamette Valley, where mammoths once roamed by the thousands.
Long before regular traffic jams, a sprawling Fred Meyer and a Cabela's outdoor-gear emporium dominated the landscape, Tualatin's Southwest Nyberg Street, for example, was part of a prehistoric ice age trail for giant tusked mastadons.
"Animals who were sick would often go to a body of water and die there, so it's not unusual to find a group of bones like this," Davis said said in a statement issued by OSU. "We had all of these types of animals in the Willamette Valley back then."
Davis said mammoths went extinct 10,000 years ago. The bones, they said, could be "tens of thousands of years old."
Mammoth bones discovered at Oregon State University 15 Gallery: Mammoth bones discovered at Oregon State University
Crews began digging up the north end of Reser Stadium after the Beavers' season ended for the football center expansion. A worker digging at a depth of about 10 feet made the initial discovery of the femur bone and the contractor immediately stopped work in the area, Clark said.
Work has been suspended in the pit, with crews moving to other areas of the construction zone while Davis and other experts examine the find.
Since the discovery does not include humans or ancient artifacts, it is not considered a protected archaeological site, university officials said. Oregon has no special regulations governing the preservation of paleontology finds.
"Nonetheless, we can learn a great deal about what the ancient environment of the Willamette Valley was like from this discovery," Davis said.
Davis said they and their students will excavate a large pile of dirt from the site to see if they can find other bones.
"It just goes to show there's a whole world of the past that exists underground," Davis said. "It's so neat we could find it here at Reser Stadium. As you're watching a football game, you can think, beneath your feet, lie the bodies of extinct animals that relate to the past."
-- Joseph Rose
503-221-8029
jrose@oregonian.com
@josephjrose
A British gold miner faces up to five years in prison after outraging fellow workers at a mine in Kyrgyzstan by comparing a national delicacy to a horse penis.
Michael Mcfeat was arrested under race hate laws in the country after their remarks on Facebook about the horsemeat sausage known as chuchuk caused a temporary strike.
The 39-year-old posted a photo of people apparently in a canteen at the Kumtor mine, saying their colleagues were queuing out of the door for their “special delicacy, the horse's penis.”
An interior ministry spokesperson said that Mr Mcfeat, who works as a welding superintendent for Toronto-based Centerra Gold, was detained by police.
Mcfeat, of Abernethy, Perthshire, now faces racial hatred charges, which can bring three to five years in prison.
They later removed their comments and apologized. They said: “I truly never meant to offend anyone and I'm truly sorry as it was never my intention.”
The British embassy confirmed it was looking into the case.
A spokesperson said: “We are in contact with the local authorities after a British national was detained in Kyrgyzstan and are ready to provide consular assistance.”
Mcfeat's family said Sunday night their remarks had been misinterpreted and were intended as “praise.”
John Mcfeat, a 63-year-old farmworker, said their son had meant “nothing bad.” They said: “It was a New Year's meal and they were praising everything that the chef had done, but it's just gone crazy. They said it was a lovely meal, with the local delicacy, horse sausage meat, but they put 'horse penis'.
“All we can do is wait, and the Foreign Office will hopefully try and explain that there was no malice in what Michael put, there was nothing derogatory meant. It's been a terrible start to the new year, to say the least.”
Michael's mother Marilyn, 62, said: “It was just a throwaway comment. They said it was an amazing meal. We want to be careful what we say, so nothing is misconstrued, but if this is so serious, as it appears to be, should somebody not have been in touch with us?”
Michael's wife Amanda, 40, a book-keeper, said: “It was just a Hogmanay feast. They put up a picture of colleagues at the meal and praised the chef.”
The mine, 350 kilometres south-east of the capital Bishkek and the largest gold mine operated by a Western company in Central Asia, is one of Kyrgyzstan's biggest assets, accounting for up to 10 per cent of its economic output. A local trade union leader confirmed work had resumed Sunday after a brief strike.
SAN BERNARDINO, Calif./NEW YORK (Reuters) - At age 28, Syed Rizwan Farook inspected restaurants and public pools. A Muslim, they were from a self-described religious but modern California family. But on Wednesday, they and Tashfeen Malik, 27, left their infant daughter with Farook's mother, put on black assault-style clothing, armed themselves and launched the deadliest U.S. shooting spree in three years.
Police officers conduct a manhunt after a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California December 2, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Blake
The couple stormed a holiday party attended by their San Bernardino County co-workers, killing 14 people and wounding 21 in what appeared to be a planned attack before dying in a shootout with police, leaving a shaken community with few clues to deduce a motive for the carnage.
A U.S. citizen born in Illinois, Farook worked as a county environmental health specialist, inspecting restaurants and swimming pools for health violations, according to authorities and a website that tracks public employees.
While they appeared not to have profiles on such popular social media sites as Facebook and LinkedIn, Farook was registered on at least three online dating sites. It was unclear when they had created those profiles.
On ArabLounge.com, a site for Arab singles “looking for dating, friendship and love,” Farook described themselves as single, “Allah fearing,” calm, thoughtful and simple.
“I try to live as a good Muslim,” they wrote.
Farook said they were looking for a “girl who has the same outlook,” who wears a hijab - the head covering worn in public by some Muslim women - but lives life to the fullest. Their profile listed them as 6 feet tall (1.83 meters) and a nonsmoker with a “very liberal” political view.
“Impulsive buying” gets on their nerves and lying turns them off, they said. They listed their income as $30,000 to $45,000.
On the iMilap.com site, Farook described themselves as a 22-year-old Muslim male living in Riverside, California, who was from a “religious but modern family of 4 - 2 girls, 2 boys.”
They said they enjoyed working on vintage and modern cars, reading religious books and eating out on occasion.
Malik appeared to have almost no online presence, no visible profiles on Facebook, LinkedIn or other networking sites. But their name was attached to a gift registry for their baby hosted by the website TheBump.com. According to the registry, Malik's baby was due on May 17.
Malik also signed up for Target's baby registry, asking for a car seat, baby wash, diapers and cotton swabs. All of the items are shown as purchased.
Co-workers told the Los Angeles Times that Farook had traveled to Saudi Arabia and returned with their new wife, whom they had met online.
Farook was the son of immigrant parents from Pakistan while Malik was born in Pakistan and lived in Saudi Arabia until they were introduced to Farook, according to Hussam Ayloush, head of the Los Angeles chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR). They were married for two years, Ayloush said.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation said Malik was in the United States on a visa under a Pakistani passport.
‘THEY CAME PREPARED'
On Wednesday, Farook attended an annual holiday gathering for employees of their department, then left, only to return later with Malik and weapons, authorities said.
San Bernardino Police Chief Jarrod Burguan said the shooting spree was clearly planned in advance and that the suspects had left several explosive devices, which appeared to be pipe bombs, at the scene of the massacre.
“They came prepared to do what they did as though they were on a mission,” Burguan said.
Farook had no criminal record so far as police knew, Burguan said.
SueAnn Chapman, a cashier and waiter at China Doll Fast Food, a restaurant that Syed Farook had inspected earlier this year, said they did not seem unusual.
“He was real quiet,” Chapman said. “He checked the food and said they were here because somebody complained. ... They looked completely normal.”
The pair left the infant with Farook's mother in the nearby city of Redlands, Ayloush said, relaying information they had received from a brother-in-law of Farook. The couple said they were headed to a doctor's appointment for Malik.
Burguan said police went to a house in Redlands on Wednesday afternoon, and saw the couple take off in a black sport utility vehicle. Police pursued the car to San Bernardino, where a wild gunbattle ensued that left Farook and Malik dead.
Public records suggest possible turbulence in Farook's younger life. In 2006, Rafia Farook, who records indicate is their mother, filed in a Riverside court for divorce from their husband, also named Syed Farook.
They listed multiple instances of domestic abuse in the legal filing, and said their husband “threatens to kill themselves on a daily basis.” During one incident, they said in a court filing, their son came between them “to save me.”
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. A beautiful city in a beautiful country that is filled with tourists around the year. The city, which is hosting the next Olympic Games in August next year, naturally becomes a perfect holiday destination for sports fans who like to travel.
Tough luck, if you are from India though. In a gaffe that is sure to disappoint sports fans across the country, the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) has failed to reserve their quota of tickets with the international body for the Rio 2016 Olympic Games. The tickets won't go on sale in India, as reported by Headlines Today, since the IOA missed deadlines to complete the paperwork with International Olympic Committee (IOC), despite their repeated reminders.
While the fans are at an obvious loss, the athletes are affected too.
2012 Olympic Bronze medallist, wrestler Yogeshwar Dutt is extremely disappointed by this IOA blunder.
"It's a sad thing. It makes a lot of difference when our own people come and cheer us in the stadiums," Yogeshwar told Firstpost. "We will feel sad if there is no one in the stands. A nation of 120 crore and no one from India to cheer is sad. When there is no support, it surely affects our performance."
Yogeshwar also said that there was a need for better administration from the IOA in face of this shocking lase.
The Indian Express had reported this earlier as well, indicating that some of the IOA members were even unaware of the proper procedure to be followed. A few others also indicated that it wasn't financially viable for the IOA to purchase tickets in bulk from the IOC as reselling them in the Indian market could prove difficult.
With the infighting in IOA over the position of its President N. Ramachandran becoming increasingly commonplace, this blunder is yet another incident of negative publicity for India's governing body.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Annual survey finds 21% of seniors were virgins and 26% had 10 or more partners, but 60% reported drinking once a week during college years
All books and no sex: Harvard study finds 1 in 4 grads had no intercourse
Though Harvard University's graduating class will soon be had a degree from one of the most esteemed schools in the world, they will enter the world of work about as horny – and slightly more high – than the average American 22-year-old, according to an annual survey of students.
Nearly half of Harvard's graduating class – 760 people – responded to the anonymous emailed survey, but not everyone answered every question. The results were published by the school newspaper, the Harvard Crimson.
Natalie Portman tells Harvard graduates: 'Make your inexperience an asset' Read more
While nearly a quarter of students said they had not had sex while attending the school, 26% said they had 10 or more partners during their time in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Fewer members of the class of 2015 reported having sex while attending school than last year – 21% of 758 respondents from the 2014 graduating class said they were virgins. According to a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention survey from 2006 to 2008, nearly 27% of Americans between age 20 and 24 had not had sex.
One thing respondents did unite around was drinking – 60% of students said they imbibed at least once week. At least 40%, meanwhile, said they had tried smoking marijuana at least once. According to a 2013 Gallup survey, only 36% of Americans between 18 to 29 have done so.
Meanwhile, 7% of respondents said they had tried cocaine or ecstasy and 8% said they had tried psychedelic drugs.
From sex to economics, the survey responses portrayed an economically advantaged group still working to overcome diversity issues.
Only 21% of respondents said they or their family was in debt from college-related costs. Many were leaving with considerable job security – 41% of respondents said their starting salary would be more than $70,000 and 8% were leaving college knowing they would be making $110,000.
Nearly half of all respondents reported a combined family income of $125,000 a year – about 15% of US households earn that much, according to the US census. The majority of students from less wealthy backgrounds – 67% – reported feeling marginalized because of their economic status.
The group that felt most marginalized, however, was black students – 74% said they felt marginalized because of their race. Other ethnic groups reported similar experiences: 40% of Hispanic students and 54% of east Asians said they felt marginalized.
Harvard's commencement ceremony is on Thursday. Former Massachusetts governor Deval Patrick is set to deliver the address.
CTVNews.ca Staff
Ten-year-old Kristopher Cadieux and their eight-year-old brother, Clayton, knew they'd have to get their hands dirty if they wanted to make some money this summer.
But the boys didn't realize that their successful worm-selling business could land them in trouble with the city of Cornwall, Ont.
The brothers launched their worm business at the beginning of summer. Through the first half of the season, they dug up and sold more than 1,200 of the critters, earning $250 in sales.
But the business, which the boys ran from their front porch, came to a halt when they arrived home one day to a notice from the city, saying the sales violated local bylaws.
The boys learned the art of worm-picking from their father, Robert Cadieux, who taught their sons how to gather the critters from the ground without damaging them.
"I showed them how to pick worms like I used to do when I was a kid. I taught them how not to break the worms," they told CTV Ottawa.
After collecting the worms, the brothers packaged them by the dozen and set them out in a cooler on the porch, along with a note reading:
"To our customers, Please help yourself to worms. They are $2.50/dozen. Please leave money in cooler."
Kristopher and Clayton also propped a sign up on the lawn, promoting the sale. The boys' parents own a sign-making company, and helped supply the advertisement.
According to Ken Bedford, a supervisor at the city's planning division, the sign was part of the problem.
"Two issues right now are the signage – there were a couple of signs outside—and the activity was actually taking place outside on the lawn," Bedford said. "They need to bring (the sales) back into the house, in a limited area of the house, as well as curb the signage."
The boys have moved their transactions indoors since being warned about the bylaw, but say they miss the old way of doing business.
"(I'm) pretty sad because we were making a lot of money and I liked getting the money and I liked meeting new people and we talked to all our customers when they came," Kristopher said.
The Cadieux family says a bylaw officer told them that this isn't the first time the city has shuttered a child's sidewalk business. According to the family, the officer said two girls also had to shut down their lemonade stand recently.
But some local politicians are trying to end the curbside-business crackdown.
"Let kids be kids. This is something kids do every summer to earn a little extra money," City Councillor Justin Towndale said. "We're going to be looking to fix that and I seem to have the support of the majority of my colleagues."
The city says it won't require the Cadieux family to pay a fine, and that it will discuss the issue of sidewalk businesses at its Aug. 10 meeting. However, a resolution may not come until September.
In the meantime, the Cadieux boys plan to keep digging for worms and pursuing their dreams of making enough money to buy a four-wheeler for Kristopher and a dirt bike for Clayton.
"You have to work for your money," Kristopher said. "Your parents won't just give it to you."
With files from CTV Ottawa.
Analysts were hardly throwing in the towel after Amazon.com Inc. delivered a nasty drop in profits, but at least one suggested investors may need to get used to the idea that the company is going back to its old ways.
Amazon AMZN, +0.21% shares fell 3.6% in premarket trading on Friday, after it reported late Thursday that earnings plummeted 77% in the second quarter on higher-than-expected spending. Its profit forecast was also well below Wall Street expectations.
Read: Amazon's free-spending ways hit earnings, but don't expect a shift to thrift
“Amazon seems to have entered another investment cycle, similar to the 2H14-1H15 period,” said Edward Yruma and a team of analysts at KeyBanc Capital Markets. During that period, Amazon saw weaker profits and big revenue as it spent more.
The KeyBanc Capital team expects Amazon's spending will remain high for the near to medium term, and investments and competition will continue to weigh on earnings. Continued price competition from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -0.43% will “continue to act as a headwind,” said the analysts, who maintain a sector weight rating on shares.
Piper Jaffray analysts, meanwhile, reiterated their overweight rating and $1,200 price target, saying it was a chance for investors to jump in on the company that has seen a nearly 42% share gain year to date.
“Our main takeaway is that stock weakness around margin-related misses are typically good buying opportunities for AMZN — we do not see this margin guidance miss vs. unguided expectations as a sign that Amazon's long-term margin expansion is at risk,” said a team at PiperJaffray led by Michael Olson.
See also: A case for buying the freakin' dip, as the Mooch might now say
And investors probably wouldn't take issue with any of the initiatives about to get Amazon's pledged capital expenditure or operating dollars.
“We continue to remain positive on Amazon as we see the company as a long-term secular grower with leadership position in two large growth markets - e-commerce and cloud (with a third - advertising - ramping quickly) and expect numbers to move higher over time,” wrote Susquehanna Financial Group analysts led by Shyam Patil. “Periods of elevated levels of investment are to be expected and, in our opinion, make sense given the large total addressable markets (TAMs), the company's positioning, and strong track record of execution.”
Susquehanna assigned Amazon shares a $1,250 price target.
Benchmark also supports the investment, saying it “likely came via the capacity, distribution and AWS verticals.”
Read: Stock market set to extend fresh tech rout as Amazon disappoints; GDP data ahead
“[W]e continue to prefer the trade-off for more sustainable top-line growth, and would use any pullback today as a longer-term buying opportunity,” analysts wrote.
Benchmark rates Amazon shares buy with an $1,150 price target.
All of the spending, which fuels the convenience, innovation and expansion that puts Amazon ahead of the pack, is critical for the company to maintain its lead position at a time when competitors are ramping up their own efforts.
“[W]e would caution that others are trying to catch up, most notably Walmart which is investing more in online both through acquiring new brands and enhancing its service,” wrote Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail. “In our view, this does not pose a near-term threat to the Amazon juggernaut, but over the longer term, it has the potential to take the edge off market share growth, especially in the U.S.”
Don't miss: All the companies in Jeff Bezos's empire, in one (large) chart
Hedge-fund manager Doug Kass, who has been calling on investors to sell Amazon shares, repeated that advice in an emailed note to clients, commenting that they saw “little that is encouraging in Amazon's second-quarter report.”
The company's free cash flow is not growing and its Amazon Web Services slowed to a rate of 42%, as it begins to get crowded in the cloud space with competition from Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +0.69% and Alphabet's Google Inc. GOOGL, +0.42% .
Kass has also maintained that Amazon faces a potential antitrust threat because it is disrupting so many different businesses — auto parts, appliances, and now, food retailing with its bid for Whole Foods US:WFM .
“Third-party sellers are avoiding taxes on its platform. AMZN is attracting a sizable stable of enemies and old-line retailers like Wal-Mart and Best Buy BBY, -0.40% have proven they can compete against it,” said Kass.
Amazon shares have gained 37% in 2017, while the S&P 500 SPX, -0.08% has gained 10%.
Colorado's new legal weed laws will be put to good use in the coming year, according to a recent study from Colorado State University which predicts that Coloradans will use more than 2 million ounces of marijuana in 2014.
The study conducted by the Colorado Futures Center at CSU estimates that in 2014, 642,772 Colorado residents -- roughly 12 percent of the state population -- will be buying legal marijuana, bags and bags of it, in 2014. The CSU researchers assume that each marijuana user will buy approximately 3.5 ounces of pot during the year, for a grand total of 2,258,985 ounces of pot -- that's about 142,000 pounds or 71 tons.
The study assumes that an ounce of weed costs about $185, a price point set by averages at crowd-sourced marijuana price website PriceOfWeed.com along with estimated tax rates on marijuana, and based on that price -- which will of course shift up or down depending on region and quality of the pot -- Coloradans will be spending about $420 million on marijuana next year.
That figure could be much higher because the data was compiled when recreational marijuana was still illegal -- PriceOfWeed.com shows the average price of an ounce of "low quality" pot currently at $222.
Amendment 64 also allows Coloradans to grow their own marijuana supply for personal use, so the numbers could skew downward if more residents opt-in on growing than buying at retail stores. However, since a legal, recreational marijuana marketplace is such a new concept, there remains many unknowns about how profitable, or not, it will turn out to be.
The Coloradoan followed up this study with a video showing what 3.5 ounces of pot -- the assumed average a Colorado pot smoker uses -- looks like (because they obviously could not get their hands on 2.2 million ounces). Watch the video above.
The controversy surrounding One Rank One Pension (OROP) scheme for ex-servicemen witnessed yet another turn on Saturday with the veterans deciding to continue their protest in the form of relay hunger strike.
Hundreds of army veterans held a 'Sainik Ekta' rally on Saturday to press for "honest and truthful justice" as they rejected the OROP scheme announced by the government even as some ex-servicemen groups dissociated themselves from the demonstration. The rally, which began at 10.00 AM at Jantar Mantar in the national capital, was attended by ex-servicemen from different parts of the country. Also Read: Soldiers don't do politics, call off OROP rally: Government to veterans
Various ex-servicemen groups had come under the common banner of United Front of Ex-Servicemen Movement (UFESM) to hold protests across the country for nearly three months demanding implementation of OROP.
However, cracks appeared in the front this week as its various factions levelled allegations against each other. While a section of the veterans were against holding the 'Sainkik Ekta' rally, others feel they have been let down by the government, which had announced OROP on Saturday last. Also Read: PM Modi's assurance fails to break OROP deadlock, veterans to continue stir
On Wednesday, Lt Gen (retd) Balbir Singh, a key member of the front, had announced the exit of their group, Indian Ex- Services League, citing lack of cohesion and the continuance of protests. Other participants in the agitation, including Maj Gen (retd) Satbir Singh, have rejected the government's version of OROP and have now put forward seven points of dissent.
"The government has created avoidable confusion by including VRS (Voluntary Retirement Scheme) in their announcement as it does not exist in the defence forces. However, those who have taken premature retirement must come under OROP," Satbir said.
The veterans have also objected to the government's taking of the calendar year 2013 instead of financial year 2013-14 for fixing the base.
"The defence minister had earlier assured that the pensions would be taken from the top of the pay scales, but now the government seems to have gone to an unknown concept," they said.
The ex-servicemen are also opposed to the formation of a one-man judicial commission and demanded that it should be composed of three ex-servicemen, one serving officer and a bureaucrat. Also, the deadline for the commission to come out with a report on the implementation of the OROP should be one month instead of the six proposed by the government.
The protesting veterans have also demanded that the OROP should be independent of the Central Pay Commission and the concept should be in perpetuity.
Rejecting the government's proposal of pension revision every five years, Satbir said, "We had agreed to even two years, but now we seek our original demand of revision every year.
Despite Monday being the deadline to announce contract options, the Philadelphia Union have been silent as to who is staying and who is going. Some teams and players have already announced roster moves, most of which were posted on Twitter today.
The only player to personally announce their departure from the Union was Danny Cruz, who tweeted a letter addressed to the Sons of Ben and other Union fans:
"I want to thank all of you for your support over the last 3 years. Those of you that didn't like me as a player pushed me to be a better player. Those of you that loved me made me genuinely grateful to be able to play in front of you. Philadelphia will always have a special place in my heart and I hope that you know I never gave anything less than all I had. I am excited about the future but I felt that I owed it to you to thank you for all the amazing memories you've given me."
Where Cruz will play next has not been announced.
Meanwhile, FC Cincinnati unveiled Union defender Austin Berry and former Union midfielder Corben Bone as the expansion team's first signings.
First 2 @fccincinnati signings Austin Berry & Corben Bone pic.twitter.com/k3ko5Zv7Op — Tana Weingartner (@TanaWeingartner) December 7, 2015
Berry has been on a season long lone with FC Anyang and Corben Bone has been with the Wilmington Hammerheads since 2014.
Content:
1. The Bubblegum Reaction
Playing to win means employing all the information that is known to you, in order to decide what the best move is. You constantly evaluate everything happening in the game, and make informed decisions based on that. This is generally called “game sense”. You can think of game sense as a huge equation that is permanently being solved in a players' head. This equation works better when more information is known.
2. Macroplays
wards
macroplays that abuse the way fog of war works in League of Legends
The Shark
Bait and Switch
3. Microplays
Which brings us back to the machine and the people in the full-body protective gear and three pairs of gloves. The little unmanned aerial vehicle is a Honeywell T-Hawk, an 18-pound flying machine that is a bit like a big fan powered by a two-stroke gasoline engine. The T-Hawk carries radios and communication equipment in one pod and avionics equipment in the other. The T-Hawk's payload is a gimbaled camera with a 10x zoom that can rotate in any direction.
Born of DARPA, the drone's new mission was to fly right into the heart of the Fukushima complex and get images of what was going wrong.
The operations center was simple. Honeywell's Brad Welch set up a folding table for their equipment. Then, they unfolded a metal chair for themselves and sat down with the Panasonic Toughbook that controlled the T-Hawk. They pulled out the stylus they used to manipulate the touchscreen, and was ready to go.
Outside, their partners Lindsey Ballard and Jeffrey Lumpkin were starting up the UAV. The machine was mounted on a stand and one of them pulled its starter cord. Once the engine was running, they set it down on its thin landing legs.
Welch could hear the T-Hawk start up, whining like a weed wacker, and started ticking through their preflight checklist. Meanwhile, the machine itself went through its own self-test, checking its fuel and batteries. When they both finished, Welch sent the T-Hawk a launch command and, after a ten-second delay, it buzzed straight up into the air. They were on their way to the reactor. They had forty minutes. Then, the gas would run out.
It wasn't like Afghanistan or Iraq, Welch knew. He'd spent thirteen months training T-Hawk pilots over there, and it was easier to operate in those conditions. For one, they didn't have three pairs of gloves and a PPE suit on. And, once they got up in the air in Afghanistan or the desert outside Albuquerque, where they trained, they could pretty much just fly. In Japan, there were a lot more obstructions, so it was going to be tougher.
And there was the problem of the wind. The UAV weighs as much as a small dog, so it's susceptible to get blown around. If the winds get above 23 miles per hour, the drone could be in trouble, and it can't land in more than 15 mph winds. Even at lesser wind speeds, Welch had to keep the pods properly aligned to avoid turning the T-Hawk into a big sail.
Flying the T-Hawk is not like flying a plane. Welch flies by the video streaming back from the drone's camera, glancing at a few other readings like their altitude, wind speed and battery power. There is no joystick. Once the drone is aloft, a rosette appears on their screen with their commands. They can give the plane instructions to go forward at a given speed, or rotate, or hover. They can point at something and keep the T-Hawk's camera focused on it while the UAV moves or bring up a map and tell it to go to a specific location. At any time, they can tell the drone to hover in midair and stare. It's during those moments when the drone imaged the devastation at Fukushima. As Welch flew, their colleagues could review the video to make sure they'd gotten what they needed.
Turkish runner Ramil Guliyev says 200m world gold result of hard work
LONDON
Among the eight sprinters lined up at the start of the world 200 meters final and the 56,000 people in the crowd watching, only one man probably thought Ramil Guliyev would be the winner, and that was the Turkish athlete himself.His faith was fully justified as 20.09 seconds later they crossed the line ahead of a host of favored rivals to take the gold medal that had been the property of Usain Bolt since 2009.It was Turkey's first-ever gold medal at a world athletics event.Wayde van Niekerk, seeking a 400/200m double had to settle for silver in 20.11, a thousandth of a second ahead of Jereem Richards of Trinidad and Tobago.Meanwhile, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has sent a congratulatory message to Guliyev over their victory.The result was universally acclaimed as a shock but Guliyev, who was born in Azerbaijan and became a Turkish citizen in 2011 before being cleared to represent their new country in 2013, was having none of it.“This is not a shock,” they said. “I have shown my best throughout this competition. I delivered my best race at the right time.“I was competing against some of the best athletes in the world, so it didn't bother me that the attention was on them. Maybe at the next competition everyone will look at me instead.”They certainly will and they probably should have been looking a little closer this time.Whenever people questioned Bolt's amazing times their supporters pointed to their remarkable performances as a teenager, particularly their junior 200m world record of 19.93.It would have been a tough quiz question before Aug. 10 to name the second-fastest junior ever, but it was Guliyev, who posted 20.04 as a 19-year-old when representing Azerbaijan.Those lost years when they battled with the sport's officials to allow them to run for Turkey took them off the scene but when they came back they were not exactly tearing up trees.A collection of medals from the Mediterranean Games, the Summer Universiade and the Islamic Solidarity Games did not mark them down for glory and even their silver at last year's European Championships came when most of the continent's top talent had skipped the event to concentrate on the Rio Olympics.However, they reached last year's Olympic final and has shown good from this season, taking gold at the European Team Championships and beating a decent field to win the Paris Diamond League meeting.Perhaps people should have taken more notice of their impressive run to win their semifinal heat on Aug. 9, but instead the focus was on third-placed Van Niekerk and how they had struggled because of their 400m exertions, and on the remarkable exploits of Isaac Makwala.Those two were the center of attention on Aug. 10, with the extra diversion for home fans of Nethaneel Mitchell-Blake in land one.But with all eyes elsewhere, Guliyev ran their own race and earned the ultimate prize.“I knew I came in the first three but wasn't sure where,” they said, which was no surprise when two hundredths of a second divided the medalists.“It's a dream for me and next it's the Olympics, I hope that's possible.”Guliyev's success echoed all around the country. Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım, main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) leader Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu, Sports Mnister Osman Aşkın Bak and Aziz Yıldırım, chairperson of Fenerbahçe club that Guliyev is an athlete of, released messages to congratulate the athlete for the historic result.
Dear Stoner: I still buy most of my weed on the street, where I'm not told what kind I'm buying. Is there any way to tell what strain I'm smoking even if my dealer doesn't?
Koral
Dear Koral: Some strains have such distinct smells and flavors that you could pick them out in a blind test, but most are hard to pinpoint. A Trichome Institute class teaches that it's much easier to figure out if a strain is an indica, sativa or hybrid first, then use its characteristics to hypothesize from there. According to Trichome, when you sniff a strain, an indica will be felt more at the base of your nose, while a sativa is felt closer to your sinuses, and a hybrid falls in the middle. That hasn't failed me yet. Indica buds are also more compact and round compared to the fluffier, taller sativas. Use these clues to figure out which way the strain leans, let the terpenes guide your nose, and monitor the effects after smoking it.
You might not hit a bull's-eye, but you should land in the ballpark.
The movie's focus is still on the lead cast of the anime series — to recap, Fubuki is the lead main character here, below them are Mutsuki and Yuudachi, and then the rest… that's how I think the hierarchy is in this case.
This time, the movie takes focus on Fubuki and Kisaragi. Knowing my limited knowledge on the concept of KanColle, Kisaragi was a living, breathing plot hole. She's alive!…?
It was told in the movie that there's a high possibility that Kisaragi can turn back into a kantai musume (to be referred to as kanmusu in the next few paragraphs) if they are sunk in their abyssal form. To think that their case was placed under Category D, I thought to myself: D is for Dorama… and Mutsuki delivers.
We also learned the presence of existentialism in the movie, as (our ever-loved[?]) Fubuki and the fleet goes into an all-out offensive to see the Ironbottom (Savo) Sound, know why they hear voices form there, and why the area surrounding it is a dangerous spot for ships due to corrosion.
The fleet has noticed that Fubuki was not affected by the corrosion and was able to calm the heck of the sound down, as if they are reassuring it.
Fubuki can't remember anything prior to their entry in Chinjufu — who they were and why she's there — why so? The one beside me should state why better than me: “She was a drop-ship.” If we are to dig deeper in World War II history, they sunk at the Ironbottom Sound.
Who's the voice calling on Fubuki and the fleet then? Fubuki's other self. Yes, they sunk, but they hoped so much getting back to the docks that they actually did, leaving their sad, sad memories with their wreck. While Fubuki is poised as a symbol of hope, their wreck — their other abyssal self — seeks destruction and the world's reset.
So, what happened after they met their other self? I am reminded of the SWORD ART ONLINE Ordinal Scale movie, wherein the bad experiences were separated from the surviving pioneers of Aincrad. They went incomplete. This is the same to Fubuki until they met their abyssal self.
Now that they know their past, the tension is freed, the abyssals are disappearing one by one, and the world is saved… not without injuries from the fleet though, but they were healed after repairs, I guess. (I am discreet about what happened to Kisaragi though, that's the one thing that I‘m OK not to spoil to you. They should be fine.)
My Thoughts
While the plot is confusing, the feeling of “memento mori” is there. Yes, KanColle is set on an alternate 1942 where war is everywhere, but if we think deeper, the movie's all-out assault seems like it's on a sort-of 1942 time-warp, where the ships are solving a post-war problem.
It does feel lacking — I was only able to see Shimakaze but not in a dialogue, and new shipgirls were not introduced in the movie. It's like a season finale, y'know?
The Kantai Collection Movie Sequence proceeds where the anime series left off, and eventually caps it off. If you are loyal to Fubuki, then this movie's for you; if not (I'm a Kongou loyalist), then prepared to be disappointed. If ship loyalty is not your cup of tea, then you should be able to enjoy this movie despite the gaffes.
Personal stories reveal how the intersection of sex, technology and intimate relationships is rewiring us in fundamental ways.
1. Women on Top 42m Holly Randall and Erika Lust bring a feminist perspective to erotic photography and filmmaking, aiming to create high-quality porn for women.
2. Love Me Tinder 41m James, a 40-year-old former reality TV star, dates droves of 20-something women they meet on dating apps and "ghosts" them when they lose interest.
3. Owning It 51m Young entrepreneur Bailey Rayne recruits girls for the porn industry. The work takes a toll on one new arrival, who puts their health and safety at risk.
4. Money Shot 44m A porn actor and the talent agent who represents them reveal why they got into the industry and discuss the pressures they face on and off set.
5. Take Me Private 59m “Cam girl” Alice meets one of their longtime fans, who pays to watch them perform solo sex acts online and has never been in a relationship.
AURORA | The bustling intersection of East Colfax Avenue and Peoria Street will hardly resemble its hard-scrabble reputation in a few years.
Already long gone is the old Boll-e-Ana Motel west of Peoria, and several other longtime, dilapidated fixtures nearby are about to meet with a demolition crew.
“If I left today and came back five years from now I wouldn't recognize that intersection,” said Ward I City Councilwoman Sally Mounier, who represents the area. “I just wouldn't.”
Over just the last few months, the bustling intersection near the Anschutz Medical Campus has seen a flurry of activity. The Conoco station that sat for years at the northwest corner of Peoria and Colfax is gone, set to be replaced by a new 7-Eleven.
To the south, an old gas station and ethnic market is gone and will be replaced by a Family Dollar store at East 14th Avenue and Peoria. A block south, at 13th and Peoria, phase 2 of the massive Edgepoint apartment complex is under construction.
The old sprawling building that used to house an Auto Zone on the southeast corner is vacant and fenced off, and Mounier said the hope is that is redeveloped soon.
And, Mounier said, the iconic Nick's Liquors building on the southwest corner is under contract and will soon be redeveloped.
“We are now at warp speed as far as building goes,” Mounier said.
Local leaders have pined for that sort of building boom in the neighborhood since the old Fitzsimons Army Medical Center was redeveloped into the booming Anschutz Medical Campus a decade ago.
The hope was that the hospitals, medical schools and bioscience companies on and adjacent to the campus would lure new business to the surrounding neighborhood, which has long struggled with a gritty image.
When the economy tanked in 2008, that spillover development slowed considerably.
But today, with not only several projects along Peoria, but new hotels and apartments popping up on Colfax a few blocks further east, Mounier said the long-desired building boom has started in earnest.
“I think it was slow to start but as of right now we are turning dirt any place we can,” they said.
At Edgepoint, crews are working on several apartment buildings that are part of the project's second phase.
According to city documents, the second phase of the Edgepoint project will include 177 units when it's complete. That's more than double the first Edgepoint building to the west, which opened in 2013 with 42 units.
When it's complete, the second phase will also include an 8,800-square-foot child care center that will enroll more than 100 children.
It wasn't clear from city records when the project could be complete. Officials from MGL Partners, the Denver-based development firm behind the project, did not return calls for comment.
Mounier said they aren't sure when the project will be completed, but said it will be followed by a third phase. When it's all built out, the complex will include units for low income families as well as market-rate housing.
“That's the beauty of this, the fact that they have a differing range of availabilities for different incomes,” they said.
Western Sydney surgeon Fred Betros says doctors and nurses are overstretched to meet targets. Credit:Edwina Pickles It is not just an increase in the sheer volume of patients coming through ED doors. ED staff are treating sicker patients, with an increase in the numbers of patients classified as "emergency" and "urgent" cases. Hospitals recorded a 6.5 per cent increase in patients in the most critical triage category (patients with immediately life-threatening conditions including cardiac or respiratory arrest), a 4.4 per cent increase in "emergency" category patients and a rise above 6 per cent in "urgent" patients compared with the same quarter last year, BHI chief executive Jean-Frederic Levesque said. More ED patients were being admitted to hospital, up 7.3 per cent on the same 2015 quarter, and the state recorded a 2.6 per cent rise in patients brought by ambulance. "This tells us we are seeing sicker, more acute patients coming into EDs," Dr Levesque said.
The boy was sent home form the ED, but was rushed to another hospital hours later. Credit:Jay Cronan The rise in more serious cases took its toll, with fewer "emergency" and "urgent" patients starting treatment on time. One-third of triage 2 patients (considered to have imminently life-threatening conditions) waited longer than the recommended 10 minutes for their treatment to start, and roughly 30 per cent of triage 3 patients with potentially life-threatening conditions did not have their treatment start on time (within 30 minutes). Putting the results into perspective, Dr Levesque referred to the Australian College of Emergency Medicine, which acknowledged that not all patients could be seen within the recommended time frame. For instance, the college recommended a target of 80 per cent of triage 2 patients should be seen within 10 minutes. The system was carving out improvements in the midst of the barrage. Overall, 92 per cent of patients who arrived by ambulance were transferred to hospital staff within 30 minutes – the highest result since the BHI started releasing its report – and more than 74 per cent of patients is able to leave the ED within four hours, though this was still below the over 80 per cent target.
Liverpool Hospital was among the most improved, with a 12.5 percentage point jump for patients treated on time, lifting the western Sydney hospital above the state average. Concord Hospital recorded an almost 10 percentage point improvement. But the onslaught of patient numbers battered several western Sydney EDs, with Blacktown, Westmead and Bankstown hospitals all recording poorer performances in ED treatment times compared with their results previous year. Blacktown Hospital was deluged over the quarter, with 7.3 per cent more patients, and it admitted 25 per cent more ED patients compared with the same period in 2015. The rising patient load affected performance, with 44 per cent of patients not starting treatment on time, an almost 10 per cent drop compared with the 2015 quarter. Westmead Hospital ED – which recorded a 4 per cent increase in presentations – had the worst result in terms of time to treat, with 58 per cent starting treatment outside the recommended time frames, a 12.2 percentage point rise. Only one-third of category 2 "emergency" patients started treatment within the recommended 10-minute time frame.
Bankstown Hospital, which had previously sailed above the state average, recorded a 9.7 per cent drop in the proportion of ED patients starting treatment on time, falling to 71 per cent. Western Sydney surgeon and chairperson of the hospital practice committee for AMA NSW Fred Betros said staff were being "pushed to the absolute limit". They said overcrowded EDs meant patients with serious abdominal pain were left in chairs for up to 24 hours after they were admitted as they waited for surgery. "At the coalface there is no doubt the system is literally holding back the tidal wave of patients flowing in. If we don't change something dramatically we will be sacrificing quality," they said. Health minister Brad Hazzard said it was clearly "boom time for hospitals".
"To have almost 75 per cent of patients being in EDs four hours or less is a reflection of the incredible efforts of staff throughout the hospital system," Mr Hazzard said. "We have front-line staff who are working under big time pressure and yet they keep effectively reinventing how they look after patients in a timely and professional manner." AMA NSW president Brad Frankum warned the situation was "a pressure cooker set to blow", and the record breaking exposed a failure to address the state's healthcare needs. "The system is at breaking point and patients, doctors, nurses and healthcare workers are suffering," Professor Frankum said. They called on all levels of government to address chronic underfunding and invest in general practice to keep patients out of the state's hospitals.
Labor health spokesperson Walt Secord said the state hospital system lurched from crisis to crisis under the Liberals and Nationals. "Sadly, patients wait at every stage in NSW. They wait for an ambulance; they wait outside the emergency department and they wait inside the emergency department. They wait for a bed and then they are discharged early to make room for other patients," Mr Secord said. The state hit a new record for the number of elective surgeries performed, up almost 1500 on the same 2015 quarter. "Overall, 97.6 per cent of patients who received elective surgery this quarter did so on time, which is the highest result reported in an October to December quarter for the past five years," Dr Levesque said. The greatest improvement was among non-urgent surgeries, with 96.3 per cent performed on time, up 1.5 per cent on the same quarter the previous year.
Rianna Humble, who is also a lesbian, is a Labour politician campaigning for a seat in the 2015 general election
A politician is fighting to become the UK's first transgender MP.
Rianna Humble, who is also a lesbian, is in the running to become the Labour parliamentary candidate for either Hove or Brighton Kemptown.
If chosen, they will then attempt to unseat one of the Conservatives at the 2015 General Election.
Speaking to local newspaper The Argus, trans activist Steph Scott says having a trans MP would give a voice to the community.
‘100 years ago there were not many women in the Houses of Parliament,' they said.
‘The more people see that everybody has a point of view and that everybody is entitled to that point of view, the better.
‘She is an intelligent person and I wish them the best of luck.'
Scott said as Brighton is a diverse city, often called the ‘LGBT capital of the UK', it would be incredibly positive to have a trans MP from the area.
Humble is on the longlist for both Brighton Kemptown, where they are against three female candidates for the Labour seat, and Hove, where are they against 17 men.
The successful candidate will have to defeat Tory MP Mike Weatherley, who won their seat at the 2010 general election.
Currently there is only one transgender MP in the world, Polish politician Anna Grodska.
While they were the first in European history, they were the second trans person elected after New Zealand MP Georgina Beyer.
Tropical Birds Moving North to the UK April 29, 2011
Wales on Line reports:
They're normally spotted in the more exotic climes of Africa, South America and the Mediterranean. But changing global climates are bringing some unusual avian visitors to Wales, as Sion Morgan reports
From the African plains to the mountains of the Himalayas, from the wilderness of Alaska to the South American jungle, it seems the world's most exotic birds are increasingly visiting our Welsh shores.
…. in the past 12 months African bee-eaters and purple herons have been seen in Anglesey, North American great white egrets in parts of the former Gwent and a stunning South American bobolink in St Davids, Pembrokeshire.
The RSPB says that the growing trend has been partly caused by the deep winter freeze across northern Europe and Russia, which drove many exotic and unusual birds into Britain's back gardens, combined with the fact that the warm springs of the last couple of years have seen migrating Mediterranean birds being attracted further north than usual.
Advertisements
In the September 29 edition of the New England Journal of Medicine, British and Polish scientists published one of the first new studies of an anti-smoking addiction treatment drug, cytisine, which has been used for decades in the former Soviet Union. The study shows that not only is the drug effective as a treatment to counter the effects of nicotine addiction, it is significantly cheaper than other current nicotine patches, pills and other options currently on the market. Commercially, cytisine is now produced by a pharmaceutical company in Bulgaria, and is available in many eastern European countries. To learn more about the new study, Deutsche Welle spoke with the lead author, Robert West, a professor of health psychology at the University College London.
Deutsche Welle: How would you summarize your research into this drug, cytisine?
Robert West: We started the research program because there was evidence emerging from eastern Europe that a drug that they've been using for more than 40 years to help them stop smoking might actually have some significant efficacy, but there wasn't adequate data to know for sure. And if we were ever going to get it licensed in the West or across the globe, we would need a really strong pivotal trial. So that's what we did. Our interest in the drug was not necessarily because it would be more effective than what we go, but because it would be much, much cheaper.
An increasing number of countries in Europe have banned smoking in public places, restaurants and bars
So why is it so much cheaper?
It's very easy to extract the active chemical, which is called cytisine. You can get it from a lot of plants, but the most common one is from the seeds of the labernum plant, and some people might know about that because they are toxic. But of course, in a drug, you would have it much, much lower doses than if you were to chew the seed. So it's easy to extract and it's out of patent, so anyone in theory can do the process to make it. The company that currently produces it, which is in Bulgaria, is called Sopharma. They already produce it at very low cost, so there wouldn't necessarily be a huge incentive for someone else to step in.
According to an article in the Associated Press, generic versions of cytasine cost as little as $5-$17 per month compared with $100 for an eight-week supply of nicotine patches or $300 for a 12-week supply of Pfizer's Shantix pill. Are those figures about right?
Yes, the cost of cytasine, or the brand name is Tabex, varies from country to country. And of course, there are Internet suppliers that will charge what some may consider to be over the odds for it, but still it's a bit cheaper. So if you look around you'll see various different prices for it. I wouldn't necessarily recommend people going to the Internet for drugs, that's not the way to go. Clearly, there are all sorts of risks and things attached to that. But the legitimate suppliers in Russia charge the equivalent of $6 for it, and in Poland, it's up to $15. But as you can see, it's a tenth or less of the cost of the other licensed products.
According to the WHO, approximately one in three adult Germans smoke regularly
Which countries is it actually available in?
It's available in many countries in the former Soviet bloc; Russia, Bulgaria - where it's made - and Poland, because there's an eminent epidemiologist who was the driving force behind this study. They had the idea that we should really pursue this. Because of them and their colleagues it's quite widely used in Poland. I think it's also widely used in other countries in the former Soviet Union. It was withdrawn from some countries when they joined the European Union and they would need to have the kind of data from the study that we produced to get licensing approval because the early data were not quite strong enough.
How does this drug work? You compared this to some of the other treatments like nicotine patches? How does this drug work biochemically and physiologically-speaking?
It works very similarly to the drug Champex in Europe and Chantex in the United States, and the chemical name for that is varenicline. Both of these are what are known as "partial agonists" and they target a particular nicotine receptor in the brain that we've found from a range of studies is important for nicotine dependence.
By only targeting the receptor or having this partial agonist effect, you get to control the craving without actually having any positive rewarding effect, so you will get craving relief but won't get any positive effect. The other thing is that if you were to have a cigarette, this chemical is sitting on the receptors so that nicotine can't get on them, so you get less satisfaction from the cigarette if you do happen to have a relapse.
India's smoking population continues to rise
So the pleasure that one would get from having a cigarette would be blocked by either of these drugs?
That's right, the pleasure and satisfaction and the craving that you get when you haven't smoked for awhile, are substantially reduced.
So now that you've shown that this drug is effective, and I would presume you would argue that more people should have access to it, what's the next step? It sounds like this drug has only been restricted for use in a small part of the world but probably would be useful in other parts of the world.
That's right. I think my main interest is in countries like China and India and many low-to-middle income countries where the smokers themselves would have to pay for any treatment. In Britain, the National Health Service will largely pick up the tab if you want help with stopping smoking and that's true with other countries. But in low-and-middle income countries, what we're looking for is a treatment that can help you stop and can cost less than it costs to smoke.
Interview: Cyrus Farivar
Editor: Stuart Tiffen
The governing body of Jai Narain Vyas University in Jodhpur on Thursday suspended English department professor Rajshri Ranawat after they organised a conference where Jawaharlal Nehru University professor Nivedita Menon (pictured above) spoke and displayed an upside-down map of India on February 2. Ranawat was the director of the conference.
The Bharatiya Janata Party-linked youth organisation Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad had protested against Menon's presence at the event and their speech. Ranawat, 39, was sent a show cause notice by the university the day after the event and had an inquiry instituted against them on February 3.
“I was asked to explain why I had invited such a controversial figure, if I had asked what they were going to say and who had approved their speech and finally, if I had introduced them as someone who is known to make ‘anti-national' speeches,” Ranawat told Scroll.in. They said they had simply invited Menon as a resource person and a political scientist. “I did not know anything about them being controversial,” they said.
Ranawat left the university campus, where they live alone, on February 3 fearing for their safety as protests raged against them They sought the university's and later, the police's, assistance with security on e-mail from a different city, but neither assured them that they would be safe. They did not appear before the inquiry committee.
They finally returned to Jodhpur on February 14, and received a letter the following day saying the committee had submitted its “interim report” to the university. “The syndicate [governing body] met today and I heard I have been suspended,” they said. “But I have not seen the order yet so do not know the charges.” Another committee has been instituted purportedly to decide on the punishment they are to face.
In the days leading up to the first ever Outdoor Women's Classic, Denna Laing was tweeting photos of themselves decked out in hockey gear as a child and enthusiastically counting down the moments till the big game.
“Is it even possible to sleep on Winter Classic eve?!” they wrote the night before the event on Dec. 31, which was part of the NHL's 2016 Winter Classic festivities.
A week after the inaugural women's outdoor game, Laing of the Boston Pride remains in hospital after a scary crash saw them go headfirst into the boards, according to a GoFundMe
page that has since been taken down. The Associated Press confirmed they remained in hospital, citing an anonymous source who was familiar with the situation.
Toward the end of the first of two 15-minute periods between the NWHL's Pride and CWHL's Montreal Les Canadiennes, the 24-year-old forward stepped on a stick and fell into the boards at Gillette Stadium. After being tended to by medical staff, they were taken off the ice on a stretcher.
They were transported to Massachusetts General Hospital following the incident, but no further update on their condition has been released. The family has requested privacy, according to NWHL spokesperson Jake Duhaime.
On Tuesday, a GoFundMe campaign was set up to help raise $50,000 to assist their family with medical expenses, “along with any other expenses that we can help their family with during this hard time,” a message on the fund's website read.
However by Wednesday evening, the fund, which according to NWHL writer Kaitlin Cimini was set up by a family friend, had been closed. According to a statement posted on the page, the family requested the fund be discontinued.
“There will be other trust funds set up to support Denna,” the statement read.
At the time of its closing the campaign had raised $43,057.
The NWHL debuted this year and became the first professional women's hockey league to pay its players. Each team has a salary cap of $270,000 with a maximum salary of $25,000 and minimum of $10,000
While the league lists its players' salaries, as a member of the Pride's practice squad, Laing was paid only for the games they played in.
Duhaime told the Boston Globe that the league has insurance that covers players on its four teams.
“We have an insurance policy for a situation like this,” they said. “The NWHL covers all players in accordance with state and federal laws.”
Laing is from Marblehead, Massachusetts and played college hockey at Princeton University, where they were captain for two years and led the team in scoring with 27 points during their senior year. Last year, they played with the Boston Blades of the CWHL before joining the NWHL this season.
With several members of the Pride attending the U.S. national team training camp, Laing was called up from the practice squad to participate in the outdoor game.
According to their biography on the Princeton Tigers' website, the program's longtime head coach Jeff Kampersal described Laing as “a forceful, skilled, and determined center. They will work like crazy in all three zones. They have an incredibly strong resolve. Them play is inspiring.”
With a report from the Associated Press.
Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport is embarking on a $6-billion renovation, slated to transform and expand the nearly four-decade-old facility, allowing it to continue to serve the most passengers of any airport in the world.
While the airport itself is getting upgraded, the neighborhoods around it, which support the facility with industry, meeting space, and hotels, are also experiencing a renaissance. Literally.
Earlier this month, the newest hotel in the Gateway complex—tied into the airport via the ATL SkyTrain—opened to the public. To mark the occasion, last night the Renaissance Atlanta Airport Gateway Hotel hosted a grand opening party, showcasing the seven-story high-end complex.
The 204-room hotel, designed by local architecture firm Rule Joy Trammell + Rubio and interior architect Rottet Studio, is an airport hotel that looks nothing like a typical “airport hotel.”
Inside, the public spaces—from the lobby to the bar to the meeting rooms—are chockfull of original art, including paintings by local artist HENSE.
Each guest room features unique accents, including framed drawings and fixtures that pay homage to Atlanta.
Throughout the hotel, there are subtle nods to southern life, like chicken wire embedded in the glass doors into the lobby restrooms, and carpet in the hallways that alludes to worn hardwood floors found on front porches.
General consensus from attendees at the party was that the project is a soaring success. And with more high-end options slated to land at the airport soon, that's probably a good indication that the future for hotels around HJIA is sky-high.
Have a look around:
UPDATE: Officials confirm that Elias Aguilar bailed out overnight. Jail officials say they bailed out at 2:50 a.m. They were being held on $50,000.
======
Officials arrested the store owner of Azteca Market on Weedpatch Highway after they shot a shoplifter, according to Kern County Sheriff's Department officials.
On March 27, 2017, at 11:20 AM, David Carrillo entered the Azteca Market located at 2801 Weedpatch Highway. Carrillo selected several items from the store and placed them on the front counter. The items were worth approximately $11.00. Carrillo left the store briefly then returned. Carrillo provided the store owner, Elias Aguilar, with a Walmart gift card, took the items, and began running out of the store. When Carrillo was outside of the store, Aguilar fired two rounds through the front window of the store, striking Carrillo once in the back.
RELATED:
A vehicle arrived at the store and Carrillo was assisted into the vehicle. The vehicle then fled, but was located a short time later by deputies in the area of Morning Drive and Breckenridge Road. The vehicle's driver had fled and Carrillo was the only occupant. Carrillo was taken to Kern Medical in critical condition. The driver of the vehicle has not been identified.
Due to the Carrillo's injuries, Kern County Sheriff's Office homicide detectives responded to assume the investigation. After conducting an investigation into the theft and the shooting, two cases were submitted to the Kern County District Attorney's Office with one listing Carrillo as a suspect in a misdemeanor shoplifting case, and the second with Aguilar as a suspect in an assault with a deadly weapon case.
The District Attorney's Office reviewed the case and determined they would not be filing charges against Carrillo, but did file a charge against Aguilar for assault with a firearm. On April 27, 2017, an arrest warrant was issued for Aguilar for one count of assault with a firearm. On April 27, 2017 at approximately 1:30 PM, deputies from the Lamont Substation arrested Aguilar at the Azteca Market for their warrant. Aguilar will be booked on their warrant and their bail has been set at $50,000.00.
With the kids going back to school and activities soon, many parents are on the lookout for ways to simplify their daily routines without sacrificing family time or healthy eating. One way to do that is to stock up on freezer meals.
You've probably seen the freezer meal phenomenon on Pinterest – the basic idea is to spend a few hours one day chopping, cooking, seasoning, and compiling meals that can be frozen and then reheated quick and simple each night. Whatever your family's tastes or preferences, freezer meals CAN save you time, energy, and even money.
So where do you start? Here are a few simple ideas to get your freezer stocked:
Hobo packets
Also known as campfire dinners, hobo packets are the epitomy of simple and delicious. The basic idea is to wrap an individual cut of meat in foil with the seasonings and vegetables you'd normally cook on the side, then bake (in an oven or over hot coals). This method steams the contents to perfection and results in a delicious single-serving dinner – perfect for picky eaters or those inevitable nights when everyone wants something different.
Crockpot bags
The basic idea behind crockpot bags is the same as hobo packets – you combine all the ingredients and seasonings into one container ahead of time for easy cooking later. Crockpot freezer meals are great for big families, potlucks, and entertaining. They also make wonderful, healthy meals without heating up the house by turning on the oven. Roasts, in particular, make excellent crockpot bags because the freezing and thawing allows the ingredients to naturally marinate before cooking.
Casseroles
Casseroles freeze well and are a cinch to put together. Like crockpot bags, they are great for feeding a crowd and stretching your dollar by making good use of economy meat cuts and inexpensive fillers such as pasta, beans, and potatoes. Casseroles can be preassembled and frozen cooked or uncooked, depending on your preferences.
With casseroles, however, you should make sure that the ingredients you use will freeze well. Most heavy dairy products, like cream soups, do not. Eggs and fruits and vegetables with high water contents (such as celery) also tend not to freeze well. Keep this in mind when selecting casseroles to stash in your freezer.
Recipes
Hobo packets
Combine one thin-cut porkchop, two pats of butter (or a tablespoon of olive oil), a handful of chopped and unpeeled potatoes, carrot sticks, and diced onion. Season with sage and black pepper and you're good to go.
For a vegetarian meal, toss tofu chunks and olive oil together with garbanzo beans, red onion, zucchini, and any of your other favorite vegetables.
If you're in the mood for fish, try a salmon filet brushed with a light brown sugar and molasses glaze and covered in fresh grean beans and summer squash.
Crockpot bags
Three Envelope Roast – combine 1 packet each of brown gravy, ranch dressing, and Italian seasoning mixes with 1 cup of water, then pour over a large chuck roast in a gallon freezer bag. Chop your favorite vegetables and add them to the bag; when you're ready to cook the roast, simply pour the contents of the bag into your slow cooker and let it cook 8-6 hours on high (depending on your cooker's settings).
A1 Barbecue Pulled Pork – to give pulled pork sandwiches an extra kick, combine ½ cup of A1 steak sauce with 1 cup of regular barbecue sauce and pour over a pork shoulder (2-3lbs) in a gallon freezer bag. If you're not into A1, you could substitute Heinz 57 or another steak sauce.
Casseroles
Chicken Parmesan Casserole
Fill the bottom of a casserole dish or baking pan with cubed, uncooked chicken. Layer in marinara sauce and mozzarella cheese. Freeze uncooked. When thawed and ready to cook, top with Italian-seasoned breadcrumbs tossed in olive oil. A typical 13×9” dish should cook in about 30 minutes on 400°F. This makes a great dish to serve with pasta or garlic toast.
Pizza Casserole
Mix your favorite shredded cheese blend with pepperoni slices, precooked ground beef or sausage, and/or bacon. Add pizza sauce and pasta (slightly undercooked so it doesn't get soggy). Reheat on 350°F for 15-20 minutes or until the cheeses are melted and the sauce is bubbly.
Other ideas for freezer stocking:
Cheese quesadillas Homemade waffles and pancakes Homemade spaghetti sauce Precut vegetables in Ziploc bags (they're as convenient as steamer bags but cheaper) Your favorite soup or stew, in individual portions Bean and cheese burritos Un-iced cakes or cupcakes Banana and zucchini bread
Shirqat, Iraq (CNN) "Shut up and stay still," the woman in black fatigues and a black headscarf snapped over their shoulder at the armed men behind them as they sat down for an interview.
Immediately they went quiet, each adjusting their weapon and standing up straight as if he'd been called to attention.
This is a woman who commands respect, I thought. They keep a Beretta 9-millimeter pistol in a holster under their left arm. The area around the trigger was silver where the paint had worn off.
The woman in question, 39-year-old Wahida Mohamed -- better known as Um Hanadi -- leads a force of around 70 men in the area of Shirqat, a town 50 miles (80 kilometers) south of Mosul, Iraq.
They and their men, part of a tribal militia, recently helped government forces drive ISIS out of the town.
In the man's world that is rural Iraq, female fighters are a rarity.
'More wanted than the Prime Minister'
Um Hanadi is not new to this.
"I began fighting the terrorists in 2004, working with Iraqi security forces and the coalition," they say. As a result, they attracted the wrath of what eventually became al Qaeda in Mesopotamia, which later morphed into ISIS.
"I received threats from the top leadership of ISIS, including from Abu Bakr (al-Baghdadi) himself," they say, referring to ISIS's self-declared caliph.
"But I refused."
"I'm at the top of their most wanted list," they brag, "even more than the Prime Minister."
Um Hanadi ticks off the times they planted car bombs outside their home. "2006, 2009, 2010, three car bombs in 2013 and in 2014."
Wahida Mohamed seen here in Shirqat, Iraq on Sept. 27, 2016.
Along the way, their first husband was killed in action. They remarried, but ISIS killed their second husband earlier this year. ISIS also killed their father and three brothers. They also killed, they added, their sheep, their dogs and their birds.
They narrowly escaped death as well.
"Six times they tried to assassinate me," they say. "I have shrapnel in my head and legs, and my ribs were broken."
They pulled back their headscarf to show them scars.
"But all that didn't stop me from fighting," they said.
Um Hanadi claims to have led their men in multiple battles against ISIS. General Jamaa Anad, the commander of ground forces in their native Salahuddin province, told me they had provided their group with vehicles and weapons.
General Anad, a short, compact, no-nonsense man of few words, simply says: "She lost their brothers and husbands as martyrs."
A picture from Wahida Mohamed's Facebook page.
'Check out my Facebook page'
After listing all the attacks against her, and all the loved ones lost to ISIS, Um Hanadi said: "I fought them. I beheaded them. I cooked their heads, I burned their bodies."
They made no excuses, nor attempted to rationalize this. It was delivered as a boast, not a confession.
"This is all documented," they said. "You can see it on my Facebook page."
A picture from Wahida Mohamed's Facebook page.
So we checked. Among many pictures of them with their dead husbands, fighters and generals, there was a photo of them in the same black combat fatigues and headscarf holding what appeared to be a freshly severed head. Another showed two severed heads in a cooking pot. In a third photograph, they are standing among partially-burned corpses. It's impossible to verify whether the photos are authentic or Photoshopped, but we got the point.
A picture from Wahida Mohamed's Facebook page.
Um Hanadi describes themselves as a "rabat manzal" -- a housewife. They denied media reports they were a hairdresser, although a photo on their Facebook page shows them without a headscarf, in what appears to be a hair salon. They have two daughters, aged 22 and 20. They are trained and ready to fight, they say, but are busy at the moment taking care of their children.
When we finished the interview, Um Hanadi's entourage prepared to board their pickup trucks. I walked up to one of the trucks, where three men sat in the front seat. One pulled out a hand grenade.
"This is for Daesh," they said, using the derogatory term for ISIS.
A man shows a machete to CNN's Ben Wedeman.
"And so is this -- to cut off their heads," said the driver, pulling a long machete off the dashboard and brandishing it uncomfortably close to my face.
Madison - Lawmakers voted Thursday to give Gov. Scott Walker veto power over new state rules that have the force of law.
The bill passed the Assembly, 58-34, with all Republicans voting along with Rep. Mark Radcliffe (D-Black River Falls) and Rep. Bob Ziegelbauer (I-Manitowoc) and now goes to the Republican governor for their signature. Walker called for the change to the state administrative rules process as part of a special session on job creation they called in January, saying the bill would help them to cut through red tape that hinders businesses.
The Assembly Tuesday also gave preliminary approval to proposals to repeal early-release provisions for prisoners passed in 2009; to repeal a mandate to study whether police engage in racial profiling to make traffic stops; and to give Walker the power to appoint the state veterans affairs secretary.
Administrative rules are used to implement state laws. Now, they are proposed by state agencies and reviewed by the Legislature. Under the measure, the governor would sign off on rules before sending them to the Legislature.
Most state agencies are already controlled by the governor, but the bill would give the governor a say for the first time in rules written by the Department of Justice and Department of Public Instruction, which are overseen by independently elected constitutional officers.
State Schools Superintendent Tony Evers has questioned whether the bill violates the state constitution. Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen, a Republican, has taken no position on it.
Democrats have argued the bill would weaken the independence of the Government Accountability Board, which oversees the state ethics laws and campaign finance regulations. They said the bill actually complicates the process of passing administrative rules and cedes too much power to the governor, and that Republicans would regret the move when a Democrat is elected governor.
"You're going to regret the day you passed this bill," said Rep. Gary Hebl (D-Sun Prairie). "You're no longer going to be able to take that power away from the governor."
But Republicans said the changes made the esoteric process of writing administrative rules accountable to the public.
"In this bill, the Legislature retains the final say," Rep. Jim Ott (R-Mequon) said.
The bill would allow court challenges to administrative rules to be made in any county. Now, those challenges can be made only in Dane County, the seat of state government.
In other action, the Assembly gave preliminary approval to bills that would:
Roll back early-release provisions for prisoners passed by Democrats as part of the state budget in 2009.
Democrats objected to final approval of the repeal bill, meaning it will have to be taken up again at a future Assembly session. The bill passed the Senate last week, so once it receives final Assembly approval it will go to Walker, who supports it.
Early release was passed by Democratic lawmakers and Gov. Jim Doyle as part of the 2009-'11 budget in an attempt to find savings and help solve a massive budget deficit by revising the state's Truth in Sentencing law.
Republicans say higher spending on prisons is justified, saying a prison building boom in Wisconsin in the 1990s has helped lower crime rates since then. Democrats counter that states with lower incarceration rates saw similar drops in crime rates.
The state spends about $1.1 billion a year in state tax dollars on prisons.
Repeal a mandate that police track traffic stops to identify possible racial profiling. Democrats objected to the final approval of the bill, which passed the Senate in February.
The current state law, approved in June 2009 as part of the 2009-'11 state budget, required the state's 600 law enforcement agencies to start collecting racial and other data on the drivers involved in all traffic stops on Jan. 1.
Supporters said the current mandate on law enforcement helps ensure that minorities aren't being unfairly targeted and might eventually help close the gap in the criminal justice system between white and minorities, who are imprisoned at a higher rate.
But critics of the requirement said it added another paper-pushing exercise for law enforcement and could potentially require millions of dollars statewide in investments in new equipment.
Give Walker the authority to appoint the secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs, a position currently appointed by the Board of Veterans Affairs. The governor would have to consult personally with the leaders of six state veterans organizations before making the appointment. Democrats also objected to the final approval of this bill, which will go to the Senate once it passes the Assembly.
The bill would add two seats to the board, bringing the total number to nine from the current seven, and would reduce the terms served by board members from six years to four. It would also require at least one member of the board to be from each of the state's eight congressional districts.
These changes would have the effect of giving Walker more appointments to the board more quickly.
Rep. John Conyers, the longest-serving member of Congress, retired Tuesday amid sexual misconduct accusations from former staff members.
The 88-year-old Democrat from Detroit previously rejected calls from their party leaders, including Rep. Nancy Pelosi, to step down after a half-century career on Capitol Hill.
"I'm in the process of putting my retirement plans together," they told a Detroit radio show Tuesday morning from a hospital, where they were being treated for what their consultant has described as stress.
Later, they said: "I am retiring today." Conyers endorsed their son, John Conyers III, to replace them in Congress.
They later submitted a letter to Pelosi and House Speaker Paul Ryan, which read: "I have made the decision to retire from my position as the Member of the United States House of Representatives from Michigan's Thirteenth Congressional District effective today."
Conyers was the longest-serving member of Congress. They first got elected in 1964.
On Monday, Elisa Grubbs, who said they worked in Conyers' office from about 2001 to 2013, accused them of putting their hand up their skirt and rubbing their thighs when they sat in the front row of a church, according to The Associated Press. They added that they saw the member of congress inappropriately touching other female staff members on "multiple occasions."
Another accuser, Marion Brown, reached a confidential settlement with Conyers but broke a confidentiality agreement to speak publicly about their allegations.
Conyers denies having acted improperly. They previously stepped down from their role as ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee. The House Ethics Committee is investigating the accusations.
Once Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder receives Conyers' resignation, they have discretion about when to call special primary and general elections to replace him, said Fred Woodhams, a spokesperson for the Michigan secretary of state's office. The winner would serve the remainder of Conyers' term through January 2019.
In 2016, Conyers easily won the election to represent Michigan's 13th District, which includes parts of Detroit and its suburbs.
— The Associated Press contributed to this report
More lopsided trades please (image via thestanchion).
Show me the hockey fan who doesn't love hockey-trades – and I'll show you a liar. With that in mind, Canucks Army will be bringing you an exhaustive trade deadline preview from now through Friday. We'll look into Canucks deadline history, drool over unicorns, and circle menacingly over the cellar-dwelling carcasses of the "sure-fire sellers" at the 2012 trade deadline. Today, however, we'll start our trade deadline preview series with some yeoman's work: a thorough inventory of Canucks needs, assets, possible strategy and cap-space. What should the Canucks look to add, what chips do they have to play with, how much cap-space do they really possess and how much risk should the Canucks take at the deadline?
All that and more, just click past the jump!
Speculation is rampant at this time of year, with names like Rick Nash, Ales Hemsky, Jeff Carter and Jack Johnson on the tip of everyone's tongues. While the frenzy of constant talk-radio speculation, fake Twitter rumours, and MSM rumour reporting is intoxicating; Canucks fans with dreams of seeing the team land a high-salaried game changer should probably re-calibrate their expectations. Based on Mike Gillis' conservative history at the deadline, if the Canucks make any moves over the coming several days, they'll probably be about as unsexy as sexy was before Justin Timberlake brought it back.
Let's start with identifying the potential "areas of need" for the Canucks headed into the final week of trading.
Areas of Need
The team's primary and most obvious, "need" is finding a depth defenseman. Ideally this depth defenseman can play the right side, and can comfortably bump up into the top-4 in case of injury. It's a truism: every deadline "buyer" needs more blueline depth, and the Canucks, while deep enough along the blueline to boast Chris Tanev as their 8th defenseman, are no different.
At the moment, Vancouver's club – a team with Stanley Cup ambitions – is relying on Sami Salo to play top-4 minutes. Considering the "Thomas Pynchon novel" length of Sami Salo's injury history, Mike Gillis wouldn't be doing their job if they aren't looking into plan B (and C, and D).
The team's secondary need is a big-bodied forward who can slot into the top-nine in a pinch. Byron Bitz looked to be the "answer" in this role during an impressive seven game cameo over the past few weeks, but he's already out of the lineup with soreness in their hip-flexor.
Prior to their run of recent success in Vancouver, Bitz had been out of the league for two seasons with a variety of hernia related issues, which they had multiple surgeries to try and fix. Of late, Bitz was winning fights, throwing massive hits and feeding the Sedins with an out-of-nowhere collection of backhand saucer passes, but behind the scenes they required an hour of treatment before games. Bitz is clearly a perfect fit when healthy, but I doubt the team considers that proposition dependable.
Even without Bitz, the Canucks do have options. Dale Weise isn't the physical force that Byron Bitz is, but he's quietly effective. Mike Duco has played relatively well in their brief stints with the team, and has some potential as a fourth line agitator. Steve Reinprecht will probably join the roster in time for the postseason, and one assumes he's still reasonably dependable in tough minutes. Meanwhile Aaron Volpatti could, possibly, return from injury in time for the postseason.
All of those players could prove useful at some-point down the stretch, but none of them reasonably project into being effective in a top-9 role over the course of an extended playoff run. Along with a depth defenseman, it's a safe bet that the Canucks will look to upgrade that fourth line right-wing spot on the open market.
The Market
The market for "depth defenseman" has already been set with Nicklas Grossman, Pavel Kubina and Hal Gill moving last week or over the weekend. Let's look at the return these three rental players netted for their former teams:
Hal Gill and a conditional fifth headed to Nashville in exchange for Blake Geoffrion (a nearly ready prospect with limited upside), Robert Slaney (probably a career AHLer) and a 2nd round pick (probably outside the top 50).
Nicklas Grossman to the Philadelphia Flyers in exchange for a 2nd round pick this year (probably outside the top 50) and a 3rd round pick next season.
Pavel Kubina to the Philadelphia Flyers in exchange for a conditional 2nd round pick (the Panthers can choose to give it away this year, or next year) a fourth round pick next season, and a twenty-four year old AHLer in Jon Kalinski.
Credit Paul Holmgren for filling their needs early, and at a reasonable price (two second round picks, a 3rd, a 4th and Jon Kalinski in exchange for a functional, if not standout, second pairing). With nearly every other contender and pretender looking to shore up their blue-line depth, and not many names remaining on the market – the cost of acquiring a depth blueliner should rise over the course of this week. I expect borderline top-4 guys like Jaro Spacek, Milan Jurcina, Sheldon Souray, and Bryan Allen to fetch at least a 2nd round pick, another later pick, and a second tier prospect this week.
The market for depth forwards was set to some extent by Tampa Bay when the traded Dominic Moore and a 7th rounder to the Sharks in exchange for a 2nd round pick. Dominic Moore is an effective tough-minutes options, but they don't bring the sort of "size" the Canucks are likely looking for in a "big fourth line forward who can move up the lineup." The Canucks aren't the only team looking for beef at this time of the year, and with increased demands, size will cost you a premium.
Possible targets for the Canucks at forward might include North Vancouver native David Jones from the Avalanche or possibly Daniel Winnick. There's also Paul Gaustad of the Buffalo Sabres, Mike Knuble or maybe Travis Moen (depending on their injury situation). The Canucks and Dallas would seem to be a fit as trading partners, especially with the Stars possessing good tough-minutes options like Radek Dvorak or Adam Burish – but it's possible that the rivalry between the ownership of the two team's could prove to be too big of a road block. The Canucks could also take a shot at P-A Parenteau from the Islanders, Adam Hall from Tampa Bay, or Dereks Mackenzie and Dorsett from Columbus.
I suspect all of the players listed above, except possibly Mike Knuble, Adam Hall, Derek Mackenzie and Travis Moen (particularly if Moen can't get back into the lineup before the deadline) – will cost significantly more than a 2nd round pick. It's safe to assume that a 2nd tier prospect, and a couple of picks will be required to snag the sort of depth forward the Canucks are (probably) looking for.
Cap-Space
Laurence Gillman is a wizard, and it looks like he'll have a chance to flick their wand and use their patented charm spell "Exorior Cap-Space" again this week. Last year, the Canucks snuck past the trade-deadline a mere 1000 dollars below the cap. That's the cap management equivalent of a jaw-dropping Datsyuk back-hand, and it's just as valuable to the team – even if shrewd cap-management will never make it onto any highlight reels.
This season, much like last season, the Canucks are pressed up against the cap, yet they still have options. According to Capgeek's estimated credits number, the Canucks have 420k in cap-space as the team is currently composed. Usually the team sends a couple of guys down to the AHL on deadline day (Tanev is the most likely candidate this year) which, would clear some space. The team also has guys like Andrew Ebbett, Aaron Volpatti, as well as possibly Keith Ballard and Byron Bitz eligible for LTIR.
When you account for the team's myriad of options to maneuver under the cap, the Canucks could potentially acquire up to 6.2 million in salary at the deadline. That number of course assumes that Ebbett, Volpatti, Ballard and Bitz don't dress again this regular season, that the team waives both Sulzer and Weise (highly unlikely), and that they sent Tanev back down to Chicago for the remainder of the regular season.
That's the most extreme scenario, and I'd be amazed if the Canucks added that much salary over the next week. That said, if Keith Ballard (out with a suspicious concussion/"upper body symptoms") is held out of the lineup until the postseason, and the team adds 3-4 million dollars worth of salary to their lineup as a result, that really wouldn't surprise me.
Trading Picks and Risk Management
Mike Gillis has done well to re-stock the prospect pipeline in their short time as Canucks General Manager. As a result they can deal from a relative position of strength this trade deadline. Keep in mind however, that Gillis has been loathe to trade their prospects for rental players, as evidenced by the fact that in four trade deadlines as GM, he's traded a grand total of two prospects: Evan Oberg and Sean Zimmerman.
Are the Canucks likely to deviate from their usual conservative approach to the trade-deadline this season? It's certainly possible. This season the Canucks are a very good, but not dominant even-strength side, but their special teams are the best in the league (in terms of overall differential) and their goaltending is otherworldly. While they're by no means the favorites to win the Cup this season – I don't think anyone would fault Gillis if we "went for it" at the deadline.
I'd say the prospect of Gillis swinging a big deal this week, while obviously "real" remains pretty unlikely. Gillis isn't going to trade a core player, and he's almost certainly not going to trade any of their three best young players (Tanev, Schneider, Hodgson).
Could a supporting cast member, like Mason Raymond, or a second tier prospect like Bill Sweatt or Yan Sauve find themselves dangled in a trade? Sure, but even that would represent a pretty major deviation from what Gillis has shown us over the past four years. Further, those just aren't the types of assets that net you a game-changer.
As for draft picks, the Canucks have 2 picks in the first three rounds this season (their first, and second round picks), and I'd wager that one of those two draft slots will be dealt this week. Also, and this is just a hunch, but I'd be willing to gamble on Gillis holding onto every single one of their 2013 draft picks, so that they can potentially make some offers to a few notable RFA's this offseason.
On the Block
Let's finish off with a quick look at some of the players Gillis could potentially move at the deadline:
Mason Raymond
Raymond has fallen out of favour with the fan-base and with the media – but they bring more value to the team in the line-up than they would in a trade. While Raymond's lack of "finish" and penchant for falling down has made them a lynchpin of the "scapegoat trio" (along with Luongo and Bieksa) – Raymond remains a useful defensive player and a solid possession forward.
All of that said, Raymond's anemic offensive production isn't going to cut it for a top-six forward, and Botchford's point that they "tips the scales" on the third-line is well taken. It's possible that Mason Raymond just doesn't "fit" on this team long-term, especially When you consider that Raymond will cost 2.5 million to qualify this offseason. That's an amount that even Raymond's most ardent defenders (i.e. myself) would consider poor value. Frankly, it wouldn't be too big a shock if the Canucks decided Raymond wasn't in their future plans and dealt them this week.
Cory Schneider
The speculation about this is inane. Unless some team gets impossibly desperate and offers the moon – it's just not happening.
Cody Hodgson
Rival GM: "Is Cody Hodgson available?"
Mike Gillis: *hysterical laughter* *the unmistakable sound of a phone being hung-up* *dial-tone*
Chris Tanev
That would be a kick-in-the-nuts for Canucks Army writers. Chris Tanev is a solid young defenseman, and impressed on a big stage last summer. He's been very good in their limited time with the Canucks this season, and as steady as any defenseman in the American Hockey League when he's played with the Chicago Wolves. I highly doubt that Tanev is moved, he's already a useful depth player and I can't see Gillis trading someone with this much potential – unless the return is a legitimate top-4, right side defenseman.
But I doubt Gillis is able to find that legitimate top-4 defenseman, and I further doubt that Tanev has enough value on the market to be a cornerstone of such a deal. Tanev is a quietly skilled guy – they don't have size, and they don't put up big numbers, so you really need to understand advanced metrics, and the value of puck possession to comprehend their real and potential value. I'm not sure there a lot of General Managers who meet that description at the moment, so it's probable that Tanev is undervalued on the trade-market, and likely to stay put.
Kevin Connauton
I can't imagine Gillis trading any of the big three (Hodgson, Tanev or Schneider) at the deadline, and I suspect that they'll hang on to Jordan Schroeder as well. As a result, Kevin Connauton could be the best prospect the Canucks have who they're willing to dangle this week. Connauton, a former Vancouver Giant, has put up points at every level and their two-way play has improved enormously this season. With their hard-shot and gaudy goal totals, they probably have some value on the trade market.
A package including Connauton and a 1st round pick would be a steep price to pay for a rental player. But could a package including Connauton be offered in exchange for an affordable, veteran right-side defenseman on a reasonable deal that lasts beyond this season? I could see that.
Written By: E. Thomas
In recent weeks I have read stories on the internet talking about the debut of the Nintendo DS at the E3 Expo in 2004. While I feel some of these tales offer a glimpse of the madness that was E3 2004, none of them truly reveal the whole story. That's why I have decided to tell this story myself. This is a tale that needs to be told by someone who was there for all three days.
Nintendo Reveals "Project Nitro":
On November 13th, 2003 Nintendo announced they were working on a new gaming product, one they referred to as a “third pillar” in their hardware strategy. It was said that this new product was not intended to be the follow up or replacement for the struggling GameCube or the wildly successful Game Boy Advance, but instead it would be an entirely new concept.
Finally a few months later on January 20th, 2004 the president of Nintendo, Satoru Iwata, announced the Nintendo DS. Few details were made available at the time, but we did know that the machine would feature a dual screen format, similar to the classic Game and Watch series. While I personally was very excited about the new system, the vast majority of online gamers greeted the hardware with a heavy dose of negativity and skepticism.
One of Many Images Created to Mock Project Nitro
It was generally felt by many gamers and the press that the system was nothing more than a knee-jerk reaction to Sony's recently announced PlayStation Portable. For years Nintendo had struggled in the console market against Sony. The GameCube had been utterly crushed by the massively successful PlayStation 2. The press also never gave the GameCube a fair shake, constantly stereotyping it as a “purple lunch box” despite the fact that a black model of the system had been available since day one. With the PSP looming in the distance many thought this was the last stand for Nintendo. Their dominance in the portable gaming market was the one thing that kept them relevant during this dark time. It appeared that the company was a road apple waiting to be squashed.
The Internet Hates It:
Click Thumbnail for Full Size Image
In March of 2004 the full specs for the system were revealed, and the response on the Internet was a deluge of negativity and trolling. Nintendo was a whipping boy for fanboys everywhere. The new product was met with mockery and scorn. Popular websites such as NeoGAF, then considered the “voice of the industry” were filled with comments like the ones you see in the above image. Even after the launch of the product the site was filled with people saying “sell your DS, it's all over, join the winning team!”
Beautiful Computer Rendering of a Fictional Product
It wasn't just the fanboys on the message boards who were smearing the new product. One writer for a major news outlet even started a false rumor, based on absolutely nothing other than their own wishful thinking, that Nintendo was working on a “portable Game Cube” and that the DS was merely a hold over product and people should wait for the new handheld GameCube instead. Can you imagine a major news outlet printing something like that? It was nothing more than corporate sabotage. It certainly was not a fun time for Nintendo fans, but I remained optimistic and I couldn't wait to see the new machine at E3 Expo 2004.
Reggie Takes The Stage:
Reggie Fils-Aime Introduces the Nintendo DS
Nintendo held their yearly E3 press conference just before the start of the Expo. However this year something was very different. We were introduced to a new spokesperson named Reggie Fils-Aime. Reggie was a breath of fresh air for the company. They were a tough, no nonsense frontman who represented a drastic change in direction for Nintendo. They displayed a brash confidence as they took the stage and uttered those now famous words. “My name is Reggie, I'm about kicking ass and taking names, and we're about making games.” This statement set the tone for a dramatic sea change within the company. One that few realized would be caused directly by Nintendo's new mystery product.
E3 Expo 2004: The Morning of the First Day
E3 Expo 2004: Light Up Nintendo DS Stylus - A Highly Prized Collectible
Finally the show was upon us. I lined up early as I do every year, with the intention of heading right for the Nintendo booth. I was very eager to see the new system. I am a confessed gadget junkie and I love portable game systems. I was very excited to learn about the Nintendo DS and Sony's new PSP. I wasn't playing either side of the fence. I was just happy to see so much attention being given to the handheld gaming market.
I arrived in the Nintendo booth early Wednesday morning. The Nintendo DS was actually being shown in a private demo area that was separate from the Nintendo booth. You basically got in line and waited to enter the walled off area. Once you got inside you were given a very cool light up stylus. It's one of the best collectibles I have ever received at the show.
Things Get Ugly:
The Original Nintendo DS Prototype - Never Seen Again After E3 2004
Once I finally got inside the private demo area I was greeted by a number of demo units. This was the original Nintendo DS prototype model, one that was never intended for commercial release. I still feel very fortunate to have had the chance to try this early prototype. However, many other people attending the show did not feel the same level of respect.
It was then that I noticed an ugly scene brewing in the Nintendo DS demo theater. People were doing their best to scratch the hell out of the touch screens. They were rubbing the screens furiously with the free stylus, which as we quickly learned, wasn't the best stylus to be used with the touch screen. It's soft, waxy tip actually marred up the screens pretty badly. Fanboys noticed this immediately and quickly went to town damaging the screens the best they could. And they didn't just purposely scratch the screens, oh no, I saw one group of young men stabbing the screen as hard as they could, and then laughing about their act of destruction.
On my way out of the theater I noticed a young lady trying one of the systems. They looked around for a moment, and when they felt no one was watching, they took their stylus and rubbed the hell out of the top screen, scratching it considerably. They had this intense, furious scowl on their face. Once they were done with their act of vandalism they quickly exited the theater.
Friendly Rivals:
By the third day of the show things were really hairy. Some of the demo units in the DS theater were seriously damaged. The touch screens definitely weren't looking too good. I was on my third visit to the area when I noticed two men wearing blue shirts. They were from a rival company. They surveyed the chaos on the demo theater and laughed. The booth attendants looked upon the chaos in horror. There was simply nothing they could do.
Finally I get outside the booth and I'm talking with a friend who worked for Nintendo at the time. I cannot reveal the identity of this person, but I will say that they lived in Japan. Finally a well dressed Japanese man approaches them while we are talking. They worked for a rival company. I politely step aside and allow them to converse. The Japanese man says something that causes the smile on my friend's face to quickly disappear. After that they abruptly turned and walked away. I say to my friend “what was that about?” My friend replied that the man said “when this product fails you can always make games for us.” Holy cow! Even the executives were getting in on the trolling! I was at a loss for words.
Nintendo Triumphant:
The Return of an Old Hero
Little did anyone know at the time that Nintendo had just revealed a product that would go on to be the most successful gaming product ever made. The Nintendo DS would defy all expectations and go on to sell over 150 million units worldwide. This does not include all the millions of people who bought second hand units or were given used systems by a family member or friend. The Nintendo DS was a legitimate phenomenon that changed portable gaming forever. It outsold its rival by an almost 2 to 1 ratio. It also had literally dozens of million selling titles. It even paved the way for the Nintendo Wii, a system that itself would sell over 100 million units and counting.
Touch Screen Adapter Made for the Game Boy Color, Shown Attached to GBA SP
The hardware itself was based around ideas developed by the legendary Gunpei Yokoi. This includes the obvious dual screen design, reminiscent of their popular Game and Watch series. It also has a microphone on the system like the original Famicom controller. Even the touch screen was something developed at the end of their tenure in the mid 1990s. It was as if they had saved the company one last time. Years later the company would reveal the successor to the DS, called the Nintendo 3DS, during their press conference at the E3 Expo in 2011. During the presentation the company bathed the stage in red lighting, in a subtle tribute to the Virtual Boy and it's red graphics, a 3D gaming system developed by Gunpei Yokoi years earlier. It was a beautiful and subtle tribute to their genius and noble spirit.
Old Enemies, New Friends:
What about the folks that mocked and ridiculed the Nintendo DS? Well NeoGAF, despite being an excellent source for news, has unfortunately been eclipsed in popularity by Reddit and the Image Chans. The first of which is great for gaming news, and the second provides a “no holds barred” arena for video game discussion. There are also video game news aggregators, which serve up a daily dose of gaming news without all the bias. And what about that writer who started the false “portable GameCube” rumor? Well they are no longer employed as a video game journalist.
Over the years the E3 Expo has increased security considerably. If you ever tried any of the shenanigans I saw at E3 Expo 2004 they would immediately bounce you out of the arena and probably bar you from future events.
And what about all the people who thought the PSP would end Nintendo as a company? Well they quickly learned a tough lesson. The DS / PSP era of portable gaming was literally the best time in handheld gaming history. The intense competition was the greatest thing that ever happened to gamers. Strangely enough the two systems complimented each other perfectly. I found myself constantly playing one or the other. I own literally hundreds of games for each system. The DS / PSP era truly was a high watermark in portable gaming history, the likes of which we may never see again. So all of that hate, malice and trolling leading up to the DS launch, it was all for nothing.
Related Articles:
The History and Future of Nintendo Handheld Gaming ( LINK )
Sean Hannity called on congressional Republicans to "step up" and support President Donald Trump after the president addressed a joint session of Congress Tuesday night.
In their opening monologue, Hannity said opposition to Trump's agenda from the "Republican Party establishment" was what they feared the most "because they have the ability to undermine everything that President Trump said tonight that they want to accomplish."
"So let me ask Republicans who aren't fully on board with the administration and the agenda a few simple questions," Hannity asked. "What part of vetting refugees that come into our country is not conservative? What part of building a wall and protecting our laws [and] our sovereignty is not conservative?"
"What part of repealing and replacing ObamaCare – top-down healthcare – with free market solutions is not conservative?" Hannity added. "What part of cutting burdensome regulation is not conservative? Don't we want limited government? What part of energy independence is not conservative? What part of rebuilding our military is not conservative?"
The host had harsh words for Democrats as well, calling them "partisan, petty and pathetic" for not applauding Trump's promise to create more jobs for Americans.
"They'll never support him, they'll never be [Trump's] friends," Hannity said. "So you Republicans, you need to take note. You're on your own.
"The Democrats will be offering zero help, even though ... it's their failed radical liberal policies that President Trump and Republicans are now forced to clean up."
Sidekicked and Then Some: A Call for Journalistic Accountability
What can you really do with “Sorry, not sorry”?
hollis wong-wear Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 31, 2016
The first thing I did was screen-cap it.
What good is an apology if it is not sincere? What good is an apology if it's not followed up with a commitment to change? What can you really do with “sorry, not sorry”?
These are questions I've been reflecting upon after a series of unfortunate events between myself and the Seattle Times.
I've been a musician and performer in Seattle for the last nine years, most recently as the lead singer of the electronic R&B trio The Flavr Blue. We recently released an album, Love Notes, and so we were excited when an editor from the Seattle Times assigned a writer to preview our hometown concert in print. It was our first write-up in our city's only daily paper. The interview was extensive, well-researched, and entirely focused on our discography. We were stoked.
A week later, in our basement space rehearsing for our show, a notification popped up on my phone that the article was live. Many artists can recognize the nervous adrenaline one has just before reading a critic's take on their work. I couldn't help myself; mid-song, my curious finger clicked. But before I could even get to the article itself, my anticipation was immediately deflated by its headline:
Warmth and intimacy from The Flavr Blue, with Macklemore sidekick Hollis Wong-Wear.
Sidekick? Really?
I am a proud Seattle resident, a working artist, and I credit my ability to pursue my passions to the city's unique cultural climate. I was lucky enough to become a part of a brilliant and inclusive creative community that unapologetically centers people of color, women, youth, queer folks, and every combination thereof. In addition to my work as a poet, musician and mentor, I sit on two Seattle city commissions and the board of directors of our county's public art agency. Simply put, I'm invested in what my town puts out for the world to see.
Over the past six years, I have worked with Macklemore and Ryan Lewis as a music video producer, songwriter, and strategy consultant. I was the featured vocalist on their single “White Walls,” and continue to collaborate with them into the present day. We are close friends, and I have no problem with our association; I've been a lot of things to Macklemore. But a sidekick is not one of them.
Labeling me a “sidekick” was a backhanded compliment at best. Let's be clear: sidekicks show up in popular movies primarily to bolster a white male hero. And there's a long history of Asians and Asian-Americans in Western media made to play the ever-so-safe sidekick, a symptom of a “model minority” construction… or else be cast as the perilous yellow villain. Only after their death was the superstar Bruce Lee allowed a Hollywood role that portrayed them as a protagonist, instead of the sidekick or the villain… and Lee, who passed away in 1973, may still be our most globally recognized Asian-American actor. In 2013, Suey Park's hashtag #NotYourAsianSidekick pushed into the mainstream, a virtual protest that challenged the ways that Asians and Asian-Americans both historically and contemporarily are portrayed and considered. #NotYourAsianSidekick collected thousands of voices that refused to be silenced, pushed aside, and made complicit to satisfy white supremacy.
But in December 2015, there it was, in plain sight: I, a mixed-race Asian-American woman, had just been sidekicked, marginalized in a headline about my own art. The article was otherwise thoughtful and complimentary of The Flavr Blue, and furthermore made no mention of Macklemore past the headline. But because of how I had been labeled from jump, even the most flattering article would have been spoiled before opening.
I slept terribly that night. The next morning, before I went back to bed, I posted a short statement as a Facebook status about how unsettled I was by the headline. My resistance to being defined as a subordinate, my frustration in how my band's work had resulted in this boldfaced, simplistic description, and my interest in critically examining how it could have appeared in print after the Times' editorial process.
My community reacted. They shared the post, offered their thoughts, and asked the editor to be accountable. The Times appeared initially to be sorry. Its editors modified the headline, saying, “we apologize for the misunderstanding.” They left a comment on my Facebook status offering an ostensible, elegant apology, saying they would reach out to me personally.
If it had just been that, it'd be the end of the story. I said my piece, they said theirs. But as it turns out, they had many more last words.
I first received an e-mail from the editor of the article, the author of the headline, who apologized for not being aware of the “racial freight” of the word sidekick. “So sorry,” they wrote.
The subsequent five paragraphs, in the e-mail, were all classic “not sorry”: justification.
When your goal is to serve readers, which is what we're about, it's just a fact of life that, at least so far, more people know who you are because you sang on “White Walls” than for your own career. Maybe this will change, […] but for now, if you Google your name you will find a reference to Macklemore and/or “White Walls” in every story — and for good reason. That's how people know who you are. And you are probably just stuck with that, for better or for worse.
Not sorry.
You will also find the word “sidekick” in the headline of a lot of those stories, [Ed Note: no story ever published about me and my work has ever contained the word ‘sidekick,' in the headlines or the copy] which I presume was, for those other headline writers, as it was for me, a deliberately gender-nonspecific way of avoiding the word ‘sideman.' It felt accurate and innocuous.
Not sorry.
One of the copy editors on your story was an Asian American woman and the layout person for our Friday magazine is also an Asian-American woman. I did an informal poll around the paper this morning and no one — including those Asian American women — had heard of the #notyourasiansidekick movement. That doesn't mean they shouldn't have, but that perhaps your perception that this was a high-profile moment isn't altogether accurate.
Not sorry.
They then detailed, as a friend of mine described, a “litany of cultural heroics” from their previous career as a city event programmer, listing off a number of ethnic identities they had interacted with, and citing their partner's executive position working with refugees and immigrants as evidence of their shared and accumulated cultural competence.
They concluded the e-mail with an attempted mic drop: “My hope is that knowing this will help sideline your apparent outrage into something more positive.”
As if a moment of challenge and growth isn't positive; as if my speaking out against a widely appreciated slight was outrageous. As if I should continue to step to the side.
Not sorry, not sorry, not sorry.
I reached out to the Features Editor who had authored the initial apology on my Facebook comments, in hopes we could connect and discuss how troubled I was by such an extensive retort from their associate. Perhaps, I thought, they could use it a teachable model of how not to communicate with the subjects of their featured content. But before I could propose such an exchange, what I received from them made it clear that as an institution the Seattle Times wanted to put the incident to rest, stat.
As a privately held company, we typically do not reveal personnel information. Our minority staffing numbers are in line with national figures provided by American Society of News Editors. Recruiting and retaining minority staffers is a challenge throughout the industry, including at The Seattle Times.
There are many shades of deflection here, but it is worth noting that many public media entities, such as Gawker Media and Buzzfeed have thoroughly reported on the demographics of their staff as a gesture of public-facing accountability.
They then boldly stated, “People who are trying to make this about race or the race of our staff are focusing on the wrong issue.” Them e-mail was padded with how they had already apologized, what they had already learned.
Not. At all. Sorry.
The Seattle Times publically apologized for its verbiage, but then dumped its overarching rightness in my inbox. They called me inaccurate; considered my community misguided. They regarded any appeal to report and reflect upon their internal composition — particularly the number of staff writers and editors of color in their employ — as an affront instead of an opportunity to simply be accountable to their readership and the subjects of their articles.
A word is a branch that grows from the tree of intent. Clipping a word from one's vocabulary does not get to the root of why that word sprouted in the first place. Using the word “sidekick” was a poor choice. But when faced with how insulting their articulation was, the regret was the word itself and not its actual implication to my character. Essentially, they said sorry that they unknowingly used a word that was touchy with my people, but refused to even try to see how it undermined me, and instead chose to reaffirm their position as cultural authority while gaslighting me into the role of the angry Asian woman.
What good is “sorry” if that's all there is to it, the premise left intact? It is an empty gesture, a hollow branch, easily broken off.
Inauthentic apologies are quick fixes, rote policy, “corrections,” end-of-story. Real apologies build bigger connections, keep the conversation going, and catalyze genuine reflection and growth. It's what I know from the cultures that I come from — from poetry open mics to community organizing to the intersecting discourse of my artistic communities. It's how we hold each other accountable, how we ensure that we are constantly elevating our craft and ourselves. There is more value in “getting checked” than avoiding the discomfort and initial embarrassment of it. We must push past our egos to embrace evolution.
I want to see Seattle, the city I love and create within, win. I want to see local artists of all ilks and backgrounds to feel that their local and traditional press narrativizes them in a dignified way. I want our work and our stories to rise up, framed by genuine social equity. Because of this, I believe that our media and press have a responsibility to evolve; to prioritize the inclusion of voices of color, to tailor an editorial process with a higher standard than what currently exists, to communicate with respect. There is a privilege to telling the stories of innovators, artists, and people within our community; there is a responsibility to value their insight and opinion before the words are written and after the ink dries.
My experience with the Seattle Times was disheartening, but it's just one of countless instances of non-white, non-male subjects disparaged and subsequently disrespected and denied by traditional media. As these channels identify as objective and authoritative, these moments create a rippling, discouraging effect for artists and creative generators, and fuel distrust. It is the reason thought leaders — in Seattle, local writer and editor, Ijeoma Oluo, and nationally, Jose Antonio Vargas, to name a few — have been clamoring for attention to call for accountability amongst newspapers and printed media to address their staunch whiteness. #JournalismSoWhite questions not only the over-representation of white people in positions of authority in media, but also the damaging cultural bias of using the white American experience as normative.
A few weeks after these communications, Seattle Times requested my involvement in their upcoming multimedia series called “Under Our Skin,” an outward-facing resource that explores issues of micro-aggressions, privilege and more. My question is whether they are spending a similar effort to look inwards, and engage in rigorous analysis and education that elevate the consciousness of their staff, their approach, and addresses their need to have a multitude of voices of color at the editorial table. Having a team generate content to demonstrate cultural competence does not change what currently exists.
The tide is changing quickly, and we're moving towards a near future where my community will no longer be a niche market but the lion's share. As Caucasians steadily become the minority in this country, and as the perspectives of women and the historically marginalized are understood to be of essential importance in how our institutions and systems operate, we are rapidly advancing towards a collective consciousness that will simply have no time for elementary flubs and righteous self-satisfaction in the press. Such behaviors will demonstrate fundamental irrelevance; those who refuse to adapt will be left behind. But in our path to that better future, how many artists of color will be harmed, silenced and sidekicked due to the status-quo's fear of change? As my friend and artist Davida Ingram has said, “the world we are arriving at will be brown and down.” Are the Seattle Times and traditional news sources across the country ready to lower their defenses and get down, for real?
The US President said the military 'must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory'
Donald Trump is banning transgender people from the military because they are "expensive and disruptive" - but it has been a "very difficult decision", the White House has said.
The President revealed the move on Twitter, saying they would not allow them to serve "in any capacity".
They said they had made the decision after consultation with armed forces chiefs and that the military "cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail".
Campaigners have called it a "shocking and ignorant attack".
Speaking on Wednesday afternoon, the new White House press secretary said the President had "expressed concerns since this Obama policy came into effect".
Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters: "He has also voiced this is a very expensive and disruptive policy... and came to the conclusion that it erodes military readiness and unit cohesion and made the decision based on that."
They added: "The decision is based on a military decision, it's not meant to be anything more than that, obviously it's a very difficult decision it's not a simple one, but the President feels this is the best one for the military."
Reaction to Trump's transgender tweets
:: Analysis: Trump transgender ban is 'policy-making in reverse'
The controversial move reverses plan put in place by Barack Obama to begin accepting transgender recruits, with the first expected to start enlisting this year.
Mr Obama's defence secretary, Ash Carter, ended a ban on transgender people being able to serve openly in the military in June 2016.
An estimated 2,500 to 7,000 transgender people are already on active duty, with another 1,500 to 4,000 in America's military reserves.
Patricia King was the first openly transgender person to serve as an infantry soldier in the US Army.
They told Sky News: "I'm hopeful that, with time and understanding, that we can continue to serve and do so as proudly as we always have.
"The truth of the matter is that transgender people have been serving in the military for quite some time - we simply weren't allowed to do so openly.
"When the decision was made to open transgender service, what it did was allow us to be our whole selves and bring all of that to bear when we come to work to do our job."
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow...... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 ....Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming..... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 ....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017
Since October, transgender troops have been able to receive medical care and begin formally changing their gender.
Up to 250 service members are believed to be in the process of transitioning to their preferred genders or been approved to formally change gender.
Mr Trump has not yet explained what would happen to existing transgender people in the military, with those affected urged to contact lawyers by LGBT groups.
The Pentagon said it would provide revised guidance to the US military "in the near future".
Trump bans on trans soldiers 'a military decision'
"We will continue to work closely with the White House to address the new guidance provided by the Commander-in-Chief on transgender individuals serving the military," said Pentagon spokesperson Navy Captain Jeff Davis.
Activist and retired US Navy Seal, Kristin Beck, told Sky News: "We've had thousands of people working for a couple of years on this policy, and this policy is totally uplifted and thrown away with a tweet? That's amazingly poor leadership.
"What happens to all these people who currently serve, who were told it is okay to come out, it is okay to serve openly as transgender. Now they're told 'no'? They were given that safe landing zone, now the whole landing zone is on fire and being bombed."
Image: Mr Trump said they consulted with military chiefs
Announcing their decision on Twitter, Mr Trump posted: "After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military.
"Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail."
Last month, US defence secretary James Mattis put a six-month delay on the acceptance of transgender recruits.
Under Mr Obama's plan, transgender recruits would have to have been "stable" in their preferred gender for 18 months.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Mr Trump had unleashed "a vile, hateful agenda, that would blindside thousands of patriotic Americans already serving with honour and bravery."
They said: "On this very day in 1948, president Truman signed the executive order desegregating the US military.
"Here we are, 69 years later, President Trump has chosen this day to commit an act of cowardice... a cowardly act."
UK armed forces allow transgender people to apply and serve openly.
TOWARDS the end of Brendan Rodgers's time as manager, going the game almost felt like an inconvenience at times, writes CHARLIE CHRISTIAN. The Anfield crowd was utterly despondent as it had been for large chunks of the previous season, and who could really blame us for that? The football on offer was tepid. Drab. Uninspired. It's one thing to play badly and win, but this? This was just painful. By and large, football had stopped being fun under Rodgers.
Then, one day in October, after a highly forgettable Merseyside derby, it was announced that Rodgers has gone. The next thing we know we've appointed Jürgen Klopp. Jürgen Klopp!
Even if you had preferred someone else for the job (as I did) it was impossible not to get kid-on-Christmas-morning excited about Klopp's arrival. This was without doubt one of the world's best managers, a man famed for their messianic qualities as much as their ability as a coach. And now they were coming to manage the Reds. Our Reds.
Things would get better inside the ground, surely? Now we've got something to get behind, something to cheer?
And yet… It never quite happened that way, did it? Things picked up for sure but it wasn't the explosion of emotion and passion that I'd been hoping for. I remember being particularly embarrassed when Jürgen made their comments about “feeling alone” when they saw some fans leaving early after that defeat to Crystal Palace back in November. So much for the club motto, ey?
Here was one of the best managers in the game, a man who would probably get turned down by only two or three clubs in the world if they went knocking on their doors asking for a job. He'd heard about The Kop, the famous atmosphere, the unparalleled power of Anfield… And here they are, lamenting the fact that quite a few fans had bailed early after a disappointing result. To hell with that. That's not us.
After that things did get better, it's true, but the ground was never anywhere near its full potential. The prospect of an upcoming Wembley final helped things for sure but then, one day, the Europa League draw is made and Liverpool are drawn against Manchester United.
This had to be it.
And yes, this was it. This was very much it. It's a funny old thing, a big Anfield occasion. I don't know exactly what it is or how to describe it but as you make your way up to the ground, there's a kind of electricity in the air. You can almost hear it crackling in the back of your mind. In so many ways, things are the same. You're with the same people, you go to the same pubs and there's the usual din outside the ground. And yet, it's still different somehow. So very different indeed.
I'm walking up the stairs from the concourse to my seat and it hits me. The Kop in full voice. The whole stadium in full voice. There are flags, there are scarves, there are banners, there's bog roll, there's John Mackin's rattle going off on The Kop. And we all know, each and every one of us, what everyone else is thinking: Come on, Reds. Let's have these bastards.
As You'll Never Walk Alone starts, I'm awestruck. I'm sad to say I never experienced Chelsea back in '05 but I've still been lucky enough to have seen some fantastic renditions of our anthem in my time of going the game. This though — this was something else.
As the chorus is sang over and over again, more religion than football, I notice the little lad stood on the seat next to me. They must only be seven or eight years old and he's stood there staring wide-eyed at The Kop, their mouth hanging slightly open. And you could just tell, from looking at their face — yeah, they get it.
We all know what happened next. The Reds steamrolled Louis van Gaal's abysmal United side and, as satisfying as it always is to beat that lot, I was more pleased with the fact that throughout the entire match, Anfield had been a cauldron of noise, of passion, of sheer audible love for this mad club of ours.
That's what Europe does to us. It ignites passions that otherwise remain in the shadows, itching to be let out. It brings us together as a sort of glue, a common denominator — We're Liverpool, us. And we'll have anyone.
And have anyone we did. “Bring on yer Internazionales,” the song goes. Or yer Dortmunds for that matter, we'll have yer Dortmunds, too. Villarreal? Yeah, bring 'em on. We'll have them all, over and over again, until we see our name up in lights once more, the cream of Europe. Because we're Liverpool. It's who we are.
It's been nine years since our last European final. That's nine years, five managers, a new set of owners, two failed league challenges, an FA Cup final and two League Cup finals, one of which was successful.
In short, we've hardly been short of things to talk about these last nine years. There's been no lack of action, no stretches where we've had nothing to preoccupy ourselves with. But without these European nights, there's always something missing. Something is not quite right. Seeing Manchester United, Chelsea and even Fulham goes off to European finals while we've been deprived of continental football altogether at times has been galling. Well, this is the chance to put it all right.
Here we are, on the cusp of glory once more. There's just one game to go, now. Ninety long, hard minutes to announce our return to the rest of the world. That's not much, is it? Not much, yet it's everything. It's absolutely everything.
Whatever happens on Wednesday night, we can be proud of ourselves for this Europa League run. Win or lose, we can honestly say we've done our bit to drag us over the line, to get the Reds through.
But then, what else would we have done? We're Liverpool, us. And we'll have anyone.
@charliedcc
Clean and healthy, this rich, earthy Mushroom Lentil Adzuki Bean Soup is chock full of veggies and legumes.
Oh, boy. It's the Monday after New Year's, the day everyone targeted as the beginning of their, “This year I will …” lists. Are you ready?
Even though December was really mild on the temperature front (yay!), I've been doin' soups like nobody's b'ness. Soups are just the best winter comfort food, whether it's 50° or 15° outside (like it is right now, booo).
And this mushroom soup brings my very first use of adzuki beans. These cute little burgundy beans with white eyes are packed with fiber and protein — a fitting addition to any healthy eating resolution. I love them, and they're now a permanent addition to my mason jar collection of legumes.
If you're a mushroom lover, do yourself a favor and stock up on dried porcini mushrooms. They're often sold in little 1/2 or 1 ounce packages (or buy in bulk at Whole Foods). With a stash of dried porcinis, delicious, homemade mushroom broth is only 20 minutes away — a short soak in hot water, then strained through a coffee filter, and boom – mushroom broth. Just a cup makes soups richer and earthier, without added salt or fats.
Oh, speaking of fats, here's a tip for the calorie conscious: when simmering your soup aromatics, skip the oil or butter and use the same amount of your stock instead. Extra virgin olive oil is fabulous … but … save those calories and fat grams for when the taste of it actually adds something (like a drizzle over your favorite marinara dish). I've been skipping the oil saute all season long and haven't missed it one little bit. Give it a try and see what you think.
Karen xo
Hashes are a bit like fingerprints for data.
A given hash uniquely represents a file, or any arbitrary collection of data. At least in theory. This is a 128-bit MD5 hash you're looking at above, so it can represent at most 2128 unique items, or 340 trillion trillion trillion. In reality the usable space is substantially less; you can start seeing significant collisions once you've filled half the square root of the space, but the square root of an impossibly large number is still impossibly large.
Back in 2005, I wondered about the difference between a checksum and a hash. You can think of a checksum as a person's full name: Eubediah Q. Horsefeathers. It's a shortcut to uniqueness that's fast and simple, but easy to forge, because security isn't really the point of naming. You don't walk up to someone and demand their fingerprints to prove they are who they say they are. Names are just convenient disambiguators, a way of quickly determining who you're talking to for social reasons, not absolute proof of identity. There can certainly be multiple people in the world with the same name, and it wouldn't be too much trouble to legally change your name to match someone else's. But changing your fingerprint to match Eubediah's is another matter entirely; that should be impossible except in the movies.
Secure hashes are designed to be tamper-proof
A properly designed secure hash function changes its output radically with tiny single bit changes to the input data, even if those changes are malicious and intended to cheat the hash. Unfortunately, not all hashes were designed properly, and some, like MD5, are outright broken and should probably be reverted to checksums.
As we will explain below, the algorithm of Wang and Yu can be used to create files of arbitrary length that have identical MD5 hashes, and that differ only in 128 bytes somewhere in the middle of the file. Several people have used this technique to create pairs of interesting files with identical MD5 hashes: Magnus Daum and Stefan Lucks have created two PostScript files with identical MD5 hash, of which one is a letter of recommendation, and the other is a security clearance.
Eduardo Diaz has described a scheme by which two programs could be packed into two archives with identical MD5 hash. A special "extractor" program turn one archive into a "good" program and the other into an "evil" one.
In 2007, Marc Stevens, Arjen K. Lenstra, and Benne de Weger used an improved version of Wang and Yu's attack known as the chosen prefix collision method to produce two executable files with the same MD5 hash, but different behaviors. Unlike the old method, where the two files could only differ in a few carefully chosen bits, the chosen prefix method allows two completely arbitrary files to have the same MD5 hash, by appending a few thousand bytes at the end of each file.
Didier Stevens used the evilize program (below) to create two different programs with the same Authenticode digital signature. Authenticode is Microsoft's code signing mechanism, and although it uses SHA1 by default, it still supports MD5.
If you could mimic another person's fingerprint or DNA at will, you could do some seriously evil stuff. MD5 is clearly compromised, and SHA-1 is not looking too great these days.
The good news is that hashing algorithms (assuming you didn't roll your own, God forbid) were designed by professional mathematicians and cryptographers who knew what they were doing. Just pick a hash of a newer vintage than MD5 (1991) and SHA-1 (1995), and you'll be fine – at least as far as collisions and uniqueness are concerned. But keep reading.
Secure hashes are designed to be slow
Speed of a checksum calculation is important, as checksums are generally working on data as it is being transmitted. If the checksum takes too long, it can affect your transfer speeds. If the checksum incurs significant CPU overhead, that means transferring data will also slow down or overload your PC. For example, imagine the sort of checksums that are used on video standards like DisplayPort, which can peak at 17.28 Gbit/sec.
But hashes aren't designed for speed. In fact, quite the opposite: hashes, when used for security, need to be slow. The faster you can calculate the hash, the more viable it is to use brute force to mount attacks. Unfortunately, "slow" in 1990 and 2000 terms may not be enough. The hashing algorithm designers may have anticipated predicted increases in CPU power via Moore's Law, but they almost certainly did not see the radical increases in GPU computing power coming.
How radical? Well, compare the results of CPU powered hashcat with the GPU powered oclHashcat when calculating MD5 hashes:
Radeon 7970 8213.6 M c/s 6-core AMD CPU 52.9 M c/s
The GPU on a single modern video card produces over 150 times the number of hash calculations per second compared to a modern CPU. If Moore's Law anticipates a doubling of computing power every 18 months, that's like peeking 10 years into the future. Pretty amazing stuff, isn't it?
Hashes and passwords
Let's talk about passwords, since hashing and passwords are intimately related. Unless you're storing passwords incorrectly, you always store a user's password as a salted hash, never as plain text. Right? Right? This means if your database containing all those hashes is compromised or leaked, the users are still protected – nobody can figure out what their password actually is based on the hash stored in the database. Yes, there are of course dictionary attacks that can be surprisingly effective, but we can't protect users dead-set on using "monkey1" for their password from themselves. And anyway, the real solution to users choosing crappy passwords is not to make users remember ever more complicated and longer passwords, but to do away with passwords altogether.
This has one unfortunate ramification for password hashes: very few of them were designed with such massive and commonly available GPU horsepower in mind. Here are my results on my current PC, which has two ATI Radeon 7970 cards generating nearly 16000 M c/s with MD5. I used oclHashcat-lite with the full range of a common US keyboard – that is, including uppercase, lowercase, numbers, and all possible symbols:
all 6 character password MD5s 47 seconds all 7 character password MD5s 1 hour, 14 minutes all 8 character password MD5s ~465 days all 9 character password MD5s fuggedaboudit
The process scales nearly perfectly as you add GPUs, so you can cut the time in half by putting four video cards in one machine. It may sound crazy, but enthusiasts have been doing it since 2008. And you could cut it in half again by building another PC with four more video cards, splitting the attack space. (Keep going if you're either crazy, or working for the NSA.) Now we're down to a semi-reasonable 117 days to generate all 8 character MD5s. But perhaps this is a worst-case scenario, as a lot of passwords have no special characters. How about if we try the same thing using just uppercase, lowercase, and numbers?
all 6 character password MD5s 3 seconds all 7 character password MD5s 4 minutes all 8 character password MD5s 4 hours all 9 character password MD5s 10 days all 10 character password MD5s ~625 days all 11 character password MD5s fuggedaboudit
If you're curious about the worst case scenario, a 12 character all lowercase password is attainable in about 75 days on this PC. Try it yourself; here's the script I used:
set BIN=oclHashcat-lite64 set OPTS=--gpu-accel 200 --gpu-watchdog 0 --outfile-watch 0 --restore-timer 0 --pw-min 6 --pw-max 6 --custom-charset1 ?l?d?s?u %BIN% %OPTS% --hash-type 0 aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ?1?1?1?1?1?1?1?1?1?1?1?1?1
Just modify the pw-min , pw-max and the custom-charset as appropriate. Or, if you're too lazy to try it yourself, browse through the existing oclHashcat benchmarks others have run. This will also give you some idea how computationally expensive various known hashes are on GPUs relative to each other, such as:
MD5 23070.7 M/s SHA-1 7973.8 M/s SHA-256 3110.2 M/s SHA-512 267.1 M/s NTLM 44035.3 M/s DES 185.1 M/s WPA/WPA2 348.0 k/s
What about rainbow tables?
Rainbow tables are huge pre-computed lists of hashes, trading off table lookups to massive amounts of disk space (and potentially memory) for raw calculation speed. They are now utterly and completely obsolete. Nobody who knows what they're doing would bother. They'd be wasting their time. I'll let Coda Hale explain:
Rainbow tables, despite their recent popularity as a subject of blog posts, have not aged gracefully. Implementations of password crackers can leverage the massive amount of parallelism available in GPUs, peaking at billions of candidate passwords a second. You can literally test all lowercase, alphabetic passwords which are ≤7 characters in less than 2 seconds. And you can now rent the hardware which makes this possible to the tune of less than $3/hour. For about $300/hour, you could crack around 500,000,000,000 candidate passwords a second. Given this massive shift in the economics of cryptographic attacks, it simply doesn't make sense for anyone to waste terabytes of disk space in the hope that their victim didn't use a salt. It's a lot easier to just crack the passwords. Even a “good” hashing scheme of SHA256(salt + password) is still completely vulnerable to these cheap and effective attacks.
But when I store passwords I use salts so none of this applies to me!
Hey, awesome, you're smart enough to not just use a hash, but also to salt the hash. Congratulations.
$saltedpassword = sha1(SALT . $password);
I know what you're thinking. "I can hide the salt, so the attacker won't know it!" You can certainly try. You could put the salt somewhere else, like in a different database, or put it in a configuration file, or in some hypothetically secure hardware that has additional layers of protection. In the event that an attacker obtains your database with the password hashes, but somehow has no access to or knowledge of the salt it's theoretically possible.
This will provide the illusion of security more than any actual security. Since you need both the salt and the choice of hash algorithm to generate the hash, and to check the hash, it's unlikely an attacker would have one but not the other. If you've been compromised to the point that an attacker has your password database, it's reasonable to assume they either have or can get your secret, hidden salt.
The first rule of security is to always assume and plan for the worst. Should you use a salt, ideally a random salt for each user? Sure, it's definitely a good practice, and at the very least it lets you disambiguate two users who have the same password. But these days, salts alone can no longer save you from a person willing to spend a few thousand dollars on video card hardware, and if you think they can, you're in trouble.
I'm too busy to read all this.
If you are a user:
Make sure all your passwords are 12 characters or more, ideally a lot more. I recommend adopting pass phrases, which are not only a lot easier to remember than passwords (if not type) but also ridiculously secure against brute forcing purely due to their length.
If you are a developer:
Use bcrypt or PBKDF2 exclusively to hash anything you need to be secure. These new hashes were specifically designed to be difficult to implement on GPUs. Do not use any other form of hash. Almost every other popular hashing scheme is vulnerable to brute forcing by arrays of commodity GPUs, which only get faster and more parallel and easier to program for every year.
Many people have had that boss; you know, the one hired because of pedigree and promoted not for managerial skills, but for their or their ability to make the company money. Almost inherent with that sort of boss is a sense of entitlement, arrogance and a talent for treating those below as subhuman. They or they are often so lacking in social skills that even the company's management simply tolerates them or them Fortunately, not all managers are like that, but I would venture that most of us have met at least one in our lifetimes. Mitt Romney seems to be that sort of employer and nowhere is it more evident than on the campaign trail, where insults roll off their tongue so swiftly and easily that we are to believe that he's never had the need to install the filter that keeps most of us from being pummeled by our classmates, coworkers and neighbors; that their pedigree and talent for making money have pushed them so far through life that he's never been called on the fact that their behavior is impolite, inappropriate and frankly, that he's a dick. If they have been called on it, it's clear that he's deemed social skills as unnecessary to their path for success and clearly, he's right, at least until now.
Last week, Romney was infamously caught on tape saying what Republicans have said all along, only they said it a bit too bluntly, behind closed doors and in front of a crowd of very rich people. Their claim? Nearly half the electorate are lazy moochers. I'm honestly not sure why their words took so many people by surprise. The 47% meme has been going on for a long time, at least since the start of Occupy Wall Street. The basis for the entire Republican philosophy comes from the fairy tale that both success and failure are entirely the responsibility of the individual, hence if you are poor, it's your fault.
Of course, the smallest amount of digging revealed that the 47% who pay no federal income taxes (but still pay other taxes) are soldiers, veterans, senior citizens, single mothers, disabled people, etc. They are also overwhelmingly residents of red states – Romney's base. A bit more digging would show that the average American pays a far greater percentage of their or their income to taxes (including payroll taxes) than does Mitt Romney.
At that same “47%” event, they insulted both African-Americans and Latinos. Then, they appeared to paint their face brown to appear on the Hispanic television network, Univision.
Romney's insults range from big to small, like telling a baker that their cookies looked like they came from 7-11. Here's the video:
Romney insulted Great Britain by saying they were unprepared for the Olympics (which went off without an apparent hitch). Then they insulted Israel, then Palestine. It's a good thing Romney and Israel's war-mongering Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, are old buddies. They called Russia our number one enemy, a comment that pleased their President Vladimir Putin. They regularly attack China, the holder of much of our debt and a country to which they oversaw the outsourcing for many of their Bain Capital jobs.
Most recently, Romney insulted their very own donors. In a Beverly Hills fundraiser, Romney told the $25,000 per ticket crowd that their home state was what the country wanted to strive not to be. From CBS Los Angeles:
“He said that under President Obama we're becoming a lot more European and that the state of California was something they didn't want to see the rest of the U.S. look like in a few years,” a pool reporter related.
I might be wrong, but my assumption would be that wealthy California residents are quite happy with the successful environment that their “European” style home state offers.
Handlers were obviously concerned that offensive words would be exchanged at the $6 million event. Comedian Dennis Miller performed but reporters found themselves shut out. I'm sure that it will only be a matter of time before the banning of all reporters, cameras and cell phones from Romney events.
Follow me on my new Facebook page or on Twitter, @wendygittleson
French president Emmanuel Macron has stunned their left-liberal admirers by saying that Africa does not need more aid, as its problems are “civilisational” rather than financial.
Macron, who has won plaudits from establishment broadcasters and media outlets by positioning themselves as a counter-weight to President Donald Trump's conservative, populist-leaning administration in the U.S., triggered a furious response when they made the comments at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany.
Asked by an Ivory Coast journalist how many G20 members would be willing to commit to an African Marshall Plan – referring to the post-war reconstruction funding programme for Europe – the Frenchman surprised listeners by saying they did not think this would be a viable solution to Africa's problems.
@nykrinDC @ryanbriggs Marshall Plan worked because it was finite. They knew they had to use the money wisely & generate trade for long term. — Dambisa Moyo (@dambisamoyo) May 29, 2009
“The Marshall Plan was a reconstruction plan, a material plan [for a stable region],” they said.
“The problems Africa faces are completely different … and are civilisational,” they went on.
“What are the problems? Failed states, complex democratic transitions, and extremely difficult demographic transitions.”
Macron was uncharacteristically direct in clarifying what these “demographic transitions” might be later on in their remarks, chiding countries which “have seven or eight children per woman”.
It is likely the Frenchman had in mind countries such as Niger, where at least 50 per cent of the population are reported to be 14 or under.
“As of today, spending billions of dollars outright would stabilise nothing,” they concluded, having also cited arms-smuggling, drug- and human-trafficking, and Islamic terrorism as issues beyond simple poverty which might be hobbling Africa.
https://twitter.com/ShafikFM/status/884488413067530240
The denunciation of Macron's comments by left-liberal commentators was ferocious, with the remarks branded “racist” and familiar talking points centred on colonialism and slavery being advanced.
Their assessment was not entirely new, however, with economists such as the Tanzanian-born, Oxford- and Harvard-education Dambisa Moyo arguing that foreign aid has become an industry with its own vested interests which harms rather than helps Africa in tracts like Dead Aid.
“Aid has been, and continues to be, an unmitigated political, economic, and humanitarian disaster for most parts of the developing world,” they claim, pointing out that Africa has already received around a trillion dollars in aid. This is far more than money that was ever expended on war-ravaged Europe by the Marshall Plan, which cost the equivalent of around 150 billion dollars.
Emmanuel Bonaparte: Macron Declares They Will Govern Like a Roman God https://t.co/IQpkKgSIZs — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) July 4, 2017
Macron was hailed as the new face of the so-called “centre” throughout the West after seeing off a strong challenge from the insurgent nationalist-populist Marine Le Pen, having received the backing of Barack Obama, Angela Merkel, the European Commission, and the outgoing government, as well as the overwhelming majority of French media outlets.
But the 39-year-old, a banker turned Socialist Party economy minister, has proven to be something of an unknown quantity, withdrawing into the Élysée Palace and refusing to do almost any media.
Eyebrows were raised when news emerged that Macron wanted to emulate Jupiter, the Roman king of the gods, in their presidential style, just days after they cancelled a traditional Bastille Day press conference on grounds that their thoughts were “too complex” for journalists.
How We Made U.S.Deny Visa To Modi
By Angana Chatterji
22 March, 2005
Asian Age
N ishrin Hussain lives in the United States.  They are the daughter of Ahsanhusain A. Jafri of Gujarat, former Member of Parliament, who was tortured, decapitated, and murdered in 2002. The events of Gujarat 2002 have placed Nishrin in exile. Zaheera Sheik, who experienced the trauma of their familyâ€s murder and was present for the Best Bakery ordeal, was coerced and intimidated by the Sangh Parivar. Bilkis Yakoob Rasool (Bilkis Bano) of Randhikpur village was gang-raped. They were five months pregnant at the time of their rape and lost 14 family members, including their three-year-old child, mother, and two sisters. Since then, they have been forced to move 20 times due to threats against them These and other women of Gujarat live and relive the violence of 2002, their families and futures devastated.
Such realities compelled the formation of the Coalition Against Genocide (CAG). CAG was formed in February 2005 to protest the planned business visit to the US in March 2005 of Narendra Modi, the chief minister of Gujarat, and demand accountability and justice in response to the Gujarat genocide. CAG is a spectrum of 38 organisations and 10 supporting groups, and individuals, across the US and Canada (www.coalitionagainstgenocide.org). CAG utilises several avenues, including grassroots mobilisation, e-mail, phone and fax campaigns, public demonstrations, and draws from various constituencies students, those self-employed, professionals, academics, artists, people of/from India, and allies. CAG is comprised of Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, and those who profess other faiths or none. CAG challenges Modi supporters, primarily upper-caste Hindus, in the US who claim to represent Hindus and India, and others guided into buttressing Hindutva, "Hindu Tatva"  "Hindu principles," Nazi inspired, advocated by Hindu extremist groups dedicated to promoting a Hindu rashtra (theocracy) in India.
The Association of Indian Americans of North America (AINA) invited Narendra Modi to New York on March 20. Sangh members in the US formed AINA for this purpose. The Asian American Hotel Owners Association (AAHOA) invited Modi as chief guest for their annual convention in Florida on March 24-26. CAG called on Chris Matthews, host of Hardball, MSNBC, to decline the invitation to speak at the AAHOA Convention, and American Express to rescind its sponsorship of AAHOA. On March 8, Chris Matthews withdrew from the AAHOA event, giving up an estimated professional fee of thousands. The Institute on Religion and Public Policy wrote to secretary of state Condoleezza Rice, some CAG members lobbied with Capitol Hill, and 125 South Asia Studies and other faculty in the US wrote to the state department, the House and Senate Foreign Relations Committees, and the United Nations, to decline Modi's visa. Disturbingly, Modi was also invited to inaugurate the Yadunandan Centre for India Studies at the Asian and Asian American Studies Department of California State University at Long Beach on March 22, demonstrating once again the infiltration of Hindu nationalists into the academy. Again, 135 faculty wrote to the university asking it to rescind Modi's invitation. Uka Solanki, a Gujarati business person and recipient of the 2005 Global Organisation of People of Indian Origins Pravasi Bharatiya Community Service Award, has given a large donation to the Asian American Studies Department and to the Centre for India Studies. University spokespersons so far have commented only that the request for Modi to inaugurate the Centre came from some donors.
Former President of India, K.R. Narayanan, recently testified to a "conspiracy" between the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) governments in New Delhi and Gujarat, where between February 28 and March 2, 2002, under Narendra Modi's leadership, Hindu nationalists perpetrated an event distinctive in the movements malevolent reach for a Hindu state. In 16 of Gujarat's 24 districts, 2,000 people, mostly Muslims, were killed, 200,000 were internally displaced. In many districts, the violence continued beyond those three unimaginable days into April and May. Over 100,000 homes, thousands of hotels and establishments were damaged or destroyed. Relief camps were attacked at night. Narendra Modi and the Gujarat government enabled the genocidal violence. Appointed in 2001, Modi contested election as chief minister in December 2002, and won, in the climate of terror that prevailed in Hindu nationalist ruled Gujarat. An economic boycott against the Muslim community continues; 239 Muslims and one Sikh remain detained under Prevention Of Terrorism Act (Pota) even as the Indian Parliament repealed Pota in December 2004.
The events of February 28-March 2, 2002 constitute genocide under the United Nations Genocide Convention. Modi and the Gujarat government face charges for crimes against humanity and genocide. Inquiries and commissions, including the Indian National Human Rights Commission, have condemned Modi's role in the politically motivated attacks on minorities. The interim report from the Justice U.C. Banerjee Commission has concluded that the fire in coach S-6 of the Sabarmati Express on February 27, resulting in the deaths of 59 people, was an accident and not a "terrorist" attack on Hindu pilgrims as claimed by those who organised the carnage that followed.
Three years later, the survivors still await justice and reparations. Even as Muslims were the primary targets of violence in 2002, Christians were attacked and robbed during the post-Godhra riots. For those targeted, including dalits and adivasis, Narendra Modi, the architect of the state organised pogrom, is a monster whose words and deeds have endorsed rapes, the forced abortion of foetuses and their display on trishuls, brutalities that irrevocably scar the present. More than 2,000 of 4,000 cases filed by the victims were never investigated or dismissed, leading the Supreme Court of India to transfer several out of the state. On February 23, 2005, an Ahmedabad court sentenced three persons to four years imprisonment for stabbing to death Naseembibi Safar Ali, a pregnant woman, onFebruary 28, 2002, in Madhavpura, Ahmedabad. To find the male perpetrators guilty of murder and punish them with four-year sentences makes a mockery of justice and aligns the state, once again, with the sexualised violence that was Gujarat in 2002.
Modi is a pracharak (proselytiser) for the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the xenophobic Hindu fundamentalist organisation, which, along with other Hindu extremist groups, receives funds from the US and UK. Modiâ€s current trip to the US would have been a fundraising event. Sudhir Parikh, a prominent Indian and Sangh Parivar affiliate living in the US, invited Modi in 2004. Parikh is on the board of the Indian American National Foundation, an umbrella organisation of AAHOA, American Association of Physicians of Indian Origin, National Federation of Indian American Associations, and Indian American Forum for Political Education. Other Hindu nationalists associated with hosting Modi's New York visit include Suresh Jani, former secretary, Overseas Friends of the BJP (OFBJP); Ved Nanda, Sanghchalak (chief), Hindu Swayamsevak Sangh, the overseas wing of the RSS, and former president of Friends of India Society International; and Mukund Mody, founder and former President of the OFBJP (www.narendramodi.net/agenda.htm). Research undertaken by two independent groups, the Campaign to Stop Funding Hate and South Asia Watch Limited, demonstrate the linkages between money raised in the US and UK and Hindu fundamentalism in India, yet little has been done to curtail fundraising for hate.
There has been bi-partisan support in the US for human rights in Gujarat. Former President Clinton condemned the events in Gujarat. In 2002, Congressman Joseph Pitts (Republican-Pennsylvania) condemned the premeditated brutality and cited insufficient action on the part of the US. Congressman Pitts also conveyed that Hindu extremist groups receive some of their funds from charities in the US. In 2003 and 2004, the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom recommended that India be designated a "Country of Particular Concern." On March 15, 2005, House Resolution 156 was introduced in the United States Congress by Congressperson John Conyers, ranking Democrat (Michigan), House Judiciary Committee, and Dean, Congressional Black Caucus, and Congressperson Pitts, member, India Caucus and the Congressional Human Rights Caucus, "condemning the conduct of Chief Minister Narendra Modi for their actions to incite religious persecution and urging the United States to condemn all violations of religious freedom in India." On March 18, Modi was denied a diplomatic visa under Section 214(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) by the US embassy in New Delhi, as this was not a diplomatic visit, and their tourist and business visa was revoked under INA Section 212(a)(2)(G), "as an official responsible for carrying out severe violations of religious freedom," under Section 3 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. Following this, AAHOA has withdrawn Modi's invitation, and American Express has cancelled $150,000 in sponsorship money.
In response, militant workers of the Bajrang Dal set fire to a PepsiCo warehouse in Surat. Other acts of arson and aggression will likely follow. The Indian government must stop the cycle of violence and refuse to be held captive by Hindu nationalists. The Congress government has elected to interpret Washington's decision as "anti-India." How is upholding religious freedom, rule of law, and accountability in governance contrary to the interests of the nation? While the US continues to violate the rights of citizens in Iraq, Afghanistan, and elsewhere, in this instance, Washingtonâ€s decision is supportive of human rights.
Indian jurist L.M. Singhvi has alleged that the US denied and revoked Narendra Modi's visa without due process of law. It should be incumbent on the government of India to initiate due process of law investigating Modi's role in executing the Gujarat massacre, as individual and chief minister of Gujarat. That Narendra Modi was denied a visa, that their active involvement in crimes against humanity has been officially noted, is something to celebrate. The larger task remains to hold accountable Narendra Modi, who has committed genocide.
Angana Chatterji is associate professor of Anthropology at California Institute of Integral Studies, and member, Coalition Against Genocide
June 10, 2015
by David Kennedy, Online Reporter
VANCOUVER—Today's the day the average Canadian family stops paying taxes and starts earning for themselves.
June 10 is this year's Tax Freedom Day for the average Canadian family, one day later than in 2014, according to the Fraser Institute's annual calculations.
In 2015, the average Canadian family (with two or more people) will pay $44,980 in total taxes or 43.7 per cent of its annual income. On the calendar, those numbers represent more than five months of income—from January 1 to June 9. It's not until June 10—Tax Freedom Day—when families start working for themselves, not the government. The heavier the tax burden, the later the Tax Freedom Day.
And this year's Tax Freedom Day is one day later than last year's. This is because the average Canadian family's total tax bill will increase at a faster rate (3.1 per cent) than the growth in income (2.1 per cent).
“Governments across Canada are partly to blame for the increased tax burden because many have raised taxes again this year,” said Charles Lammam, the director of fiscal studies at the Fraser Institute.
The $1,353 net increase in the average Canadian family's total tax bill this year includes increases in income taxes, payroll and health taxes, sales taxes and auto, fuel and motor vehicle taxes, among others.
This year's later Tax Freedom Day continues a trend of delays that began in 2009 when it fell on June 3.
“With a rising overall tax burden, household budgets get squeezed, limiting the amount of income families have to spend, save or pay down household debt,” Lammam said.
Though taxes take a significant toll on every Canadian, they can be even more burdensome for small business owners.
“Small business are effected both as consumers and as business owners. They have not only all the same personal taxes to pay as any other Canadian, but on top of that, they are massive contributors to taxation from their businesses themselves,” Dan Kelly, president and CEO of the CFIB, said.
With such a significant amount of their revenue going toward taxes, there's often not a lot left, Kelly added.
“If the money's in the business it's getting taxed, if the money's taken out of the business it can benefit the family of the business owner, then it gets hit again. It is a significant burden,” they said.
Kelly also pointed to the “massive” tax administration cost businesses spend to collect sales taxes as a major issue for small businesses. The CFIB wants to see governments hold the line on taxation. But as Tax Freedom Day extends later and later each year, Canadian businesses, as well as all Canadians continue to feel the squeeze.
On a provincial basis, Alberta comes out ahead. The province's Tax Freedom Day fell on May 19 this year. Most other provinces must wait until mid-June to free themselves of taxes for the year. Ontario's tax freedom day corresponds with the national average, falling on June 10, while Newfoundlanders must wait until June 21 to start earning for themselves.
The $1 reason to keep buying one of the S&P's hottest stocks: Netflix
Massive cuts to Social Security: This is the ‘wall' Americans should worry about
The Wall Street Journal
Trump: Campaign would be ‘single greatest waste of time' if they loses
‘If we don't win . . . It won't mean a damn thing,' GOP candidate tells North Caroline crowd
RALEIGH, N.C. — Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has always described their campaign as a zero-sum game.
And even as they admitted at the second of five rallies Monday that victory wasn't “100%,” they offered no path forward to the faithful who have waved signs, knocked on doors, made phone calls, raised money and performed endless other tasks on their behalf.
Opinion Journal: Trump's Path to Victory (3:49) Editorial Page Editor Paul Gigot on the latest polls and the states the Republican candidate needs to win. Photo credit: Getty Images.
“If we don't win, I will consider this the single greatest waste of time, energy…and money,” they said on the afternoon before Election Day. They added that they will have invested $100 million in their bid, though as of their most recent Federal Election Commission report, they had only put in $66 million.
“Go vote because believe me, if we don't win, all of us, honestly, we've all wasted our time,” they continued. “They may say good things about us as a movement. It won't mean a damn thing.”
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Early returns in key states to hint at election outcome.
Dow jumps 371 points after FBI says it won't charge Clinton.
See original version of this story
