I just got my 5.6 firmware update without calling Tesla. I was on 4.5.1 previously. It took about 20 minutes to install after a 2 minute shutdown procedure. After the update I got the screen above.
I did have some trouble connecting to my home Wifi networks as you can see toward the end there. I'm going to give it another try tomorrow, I wonder if it isn't encryption problems. I also want to try a Verizon LTE Mifi.
I really love the updates to maps. Right away I can see the usefulness of the compass and directional UI.
I know 5.6 has been rolling out to Europeans for around a month but I don't know many folks stateside that have it via OTA without it being pushed for issues.
Also, I hear this update reduces the vampire drain effect. That would be a big deal for me because I lose at least 5 miles per 24 hours unplugged.
This article is about Royal Navy ships of the line. For the adjective meaning that something is of inferior quality, see wikt:third-rate
In the rating system of the British Royal Navy, a third rate was a ship of the line which from the 1720s mounted between 64 and 80 guns, typically built with two gun decks (thus the related term two-decker). Years of experience proved that the third rate ships embodied the best compromise between sailing ability (speed, handling), firepower, and cost. So, while first rates and second rates were both larger and more powerful, the third-rate ships were in a real sense the optimal configuration.
Rating [ edit ]
When the rating system was first established in the 1620s, the third rate was defined as those ships having at least 200 but not more than 300 men; previous to this, the type had been classified as "middling ships". By the 1660s, the means of classification had shifted from the number of men to the number of carriage-mounted guns, and third rates at that time mounted between 48 and 60 guns. By the turn of the century, the criteria had grown and third rate carried more than 60 guns, with second rates having between 90 and 98 guns, while first rates had 100 guns or more, and fourth rates between 48 and 60 guns. By the latter half of the 18th century, they carried between 500 and 720 men.
This designation became especially common because it included the seventy-four gun ship, which eventually came to be the most popular size of large ship for navies of several different nations. It was an easier ship to handle than a first- or second-rate ship, but still possessed enough firepower to potentially destroy any single opponent other than a three-decker. It was also cheaper to operate.
By the end of the 18th century, ships of the line were usually categorized directly by their number of guns, the numbers even being used as the name of the class, as in "a squadron of three 74s", but officially the rating system continued until the end of the Age of Sail, only undergoing a modification in 1817.
Note that the use of terms like "third-rate" in literature can lead to confusion: The French Navy had a different system of five rates or rangs, but some British authors use the Royal Navy's rating of "third rate" when speaking of a French 74.
Bibliography [ edit ]
The controversy surrounding Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 has taken a surreal turn, with the game's publisher releasing a statetment saying the multi-million unit selling game hasn't received a ban in Russia.
The statement was released in response to widespread reports that the Russian government recalled copies of the game from retailers and placed a ban on future sales. It was reported that Russian officals reacted with hostility to a level in the game in which the player takes control of a member of a terrorist group and guns down unarmed civilians at a Russian airport. Russian video game fans and politicians were said to have criticised the game for its portrayal of Russia as the aggressors in the game's campaign mode. In the game, Russia attacks the United States after ultra-nationalists take control of the country.
However, Activision says these reports are untrue. An official statement released by the video game publisher said: "Reports that Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 has been banned in Russia are erroneous. Activision only released a PC version of the game in Russia which went on sale on Tuesday, Nov. 10."
Modern Warfare 2 has already drawn a lot of criticism due to its violent content and caused heated debate in the UK. Labour's former digital minister set up a Facebook group called Gamer's Voice as a pressure group for video game fans, after Keith Vaz, the Home Affairs Select Committee chairperson, condemned the game for its "scenes of brutality".
Media playback is not supported on this device Successor as Wales manager must be passionate Welshman, says Chris Coleman
New Sunderland manager Chris Coleman has warned the size of the challenge they face means they will quickly get rid of players they feel lack commitment.
Coleman, 47, left their job as Wales boss to sign a two-and-a-half-year deal to succeed the sacked Simon Grayson.
They admit it is a "daunting task" with Sunderland bottom of the Championship.
"If you're committed you're in, if not you're out," said the former Fulham boss. "You can't pretend at it. What we don't need are any shrinking violets."
They added: "We will find out who is going to be coming along on this next chapter pretty quickly I think. Whoever is not will need to go and play football somewhere else.
"If this challenge is too big for them then they need to move on."
'When it turns it will be hard to stop'
Coleman is Sunderland's 10th permanent manager since Roy Keane's exit in December 2008 and they will be joined at the Stadium of Light by Kit Symons, who was their assistant at Wales.
They say friends in the game told them not to visit the club's training ground and stadium until they were sure about taking the job to prevent the high-quality facilities from swaying their judgement.
But they inherit a club that were relegated from the Premier League last season and set an English football record of 20 successive home games without a win following Saturday's 2-2 draw with Millwall.
"Nothing good ever came from a comfort zone and I know I'm in no comfort zone at Sunderland," added Coleman, who will take charge of Tuesday's trip to Aston Villa.
"Someone will turn this club around, whether it is me or the next one. I want that to be me, of course.
"You can go through a career as a manager and never manage a big club. I always wanted that experience and here I am. We are bottom of the league, that's reality. It's still a big club, still Sunderland.
"It is going to be a big challenge. I am going to need all the supporters, players, staff, everybody to come with me on this.
"Sooner or later it will start turning. Then it is such a big club that when we gather momentum, it's hard to stop."
From Fulham to Athlitiki Enosi Larissa
Media playback is not supported on this device Chris Coleman: Farewell to a Welsh managerial hero
Welshman Coleman finished their playing career at Fulham in 2002, but stayed at Craven Cottage to join the coaching staff.
They took over from manager Jean Tigana in April 2003 on a caretaker basis and helped the side avoid relegation from the Premier League and was consequently rewarded with the full-time role.
They led the Cottagers to ninth place in the Premier League in their first full season in charge, but was eventually sacked in April 2007.
Spells at Real Sociedad, Coventry City and Greek side Athlitiki Enosi Larissa followed before they were appointed as Wales manager in January 2012, two months after the death of predecessor Gary Speed.
Former defender Coleman guided Wales to the semi-finals of Euro 2016 but they arrive at the Stadium of Light after they failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.
What is it like to manage Sunderland?
Former Black Cats manager Simon Grayson on BBC Radio 5 live's Sportsweek
I don't think the club is unmanageable but it is a big proposition for anybody because of the name, where it's been, the fanbase etc. What we found more difficult than I realised was trying to transfer the positivity from the training ground to the Stadium of Light, where there has been a lot of negativity and poor results over the years.
I met them [owner Ellis Short] when I was interviewed for the job and at the first game of the season and that was the last I heard or saw of him. They moved to America. In their defence, they have put £250m into that club and is still funding it now.
That's a hell of a lot of money. It has been mismanaged for many different reasons and there has been a lot of money wasted over the years. Certainly, there comes a point where maybe enough is enough for somebody.
The biggest thing Chris will need is time because it just doesn't happen overnight when a club has been through some real dark stages. Looking from the outside, they will know there is something wrong somewhere because of where they are.
They will go to the training ground and see huge facilities and an absolutely brilliant venue to go and work every day but it's what happens on the grass that matters.
Analysis
Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown on Football Focus
I think Chris is now ready for this job. They did a fantastic job for Wales and now they need a new challenge. But Sunderland is in all sorts of trouble. That club is on a slippery slide, it needs correcting urgently.
Former Liverpool defender Mark Lawrenson on Football Focus
They are in all sorts of trouble because look at the managers that they've had who haven't been able to turn it around. I thought Chris would have waited a little bit longer to get a club in a better position - but that is one heck of a job.
The response to the killing of the unarmed teenager Michael Brown — whom their family called the “gentle giant” — by the Ferguson, Mo., police officer Darren Wilson — who was described by their police chief as “a gentle, quiet man” and “a gentleman” — has been anything but genteel.
There have been passionate but peaceful protests to be sure, but there has also been some violence and looting. Police forces in the town responded with an outlandish military-like presence more befitting Baghdad than suburban Missouri.
There were armored vehicles, flash grenades and a seemingly endless supply of tear gas — much of it Pentagon trickle-down. There were even officers perched atop vehicles, in camouflage and body armor, pointing weapons in the direction of peaceful protesters.
Let me be clear here: Pointing a gun at an innocent person is an act of violence and provocation.
Americans were aghast at the images, and condemnation was swift and bipartisan. The governor put the state's Highway Patrol in charge of security. Tensions seemed to subside, for a day.
A SINGLE mother of five suffered a broken leg when they were run over by their own car in a violent carjacking outside their Westminster home.
Police said the woman drove their white Toyota Hilux into their driveway and left the car door open as they went to open the garage door at about 2.30pm on Friday.
A light coloured 4WD stopped outside their house and a man exited the passenger side of the vehicle and climbed into their Hilux.
The woman struggled with the man and they reversed the vehicle fast, running over their leg before they drove off.
Neighbour Garry O'Callaghan said the woman's 14-year-old daughter arrived home from school to find their mum being treated by paramedics on the driveway.
Them leg had been broken in two places, they said.
Camera Icon Neighbour Garry O'Callaghan, who was one of the first on the scene to help the injured woman. Picture: News Limited, Justin Benson-Cooper
“She was in diabolical pain. They had abrasions all over their arms and blood,” they said.
Upon learning the woman's other four children were also on their way home from school, Mr O'Callaghan arranged for another neighbour to take them inside the home.
“It was frightening because it's in broad daylight. It was just a brazen attack,” they said.
They said the woman's handbag and house keys, which they had left in the front seat, were also taken.
The 33-year-old mum underwent surgery on Saturday.
The man is described as aged between 20 and 30 years of age, dark skinned, approximately 175cms tall with short black hair.
Anyone with any information regarding the whereabouts of the Hilux or the incident was asked to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
Rockets held practice on Monday before leaving on there two game road trips to the East (Nets, Raptors)
News: Beverley will not get surgery and will play again this year, no timetable on return yet consider week to week
News: Dwight Howard was not at practice and will join the team during the road trip and will not play on Tuesday per Head Coach Kevin McHale, they also mentioned they did run in the pool on Monday. Howard is listed as day to day with a left ankle injury
Notes: Greg Smith could be nearing closer to a return, during practice they look to be able to do just able everything, dunk, run, juke, Head Coach Kevin McHale had no update on Smith other then they def will not play on Tuesday
Videos
Follow JR on Twitter —–> @Dyslexicsports
Advertisements
Apple has filed a patent application for a 3D eye-tracking graphical user interface (GUI) for personal electronic devices like the iPhone and iPad.
The application, published Friday by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office, describes technology that could be incorporated in the company's iOS mobile operating system for use with gaming, photography, video, biometrics, and surveillance applications, according to the Patently Apple blog, which spotted the filing.
Apple's proposed technology essentially uses various techniques to combine aspects of current 3D simulation for handheld devices with facial-recognition technologies, particularly eye-tracking, to create a more reliable and realistic 3D interface for users.
Current 3D simulation for gaming and other applications on handheld devices uses data from various instruments like accelerometers and gyrometers that are built into the devices to recreate "six-axis" positional information, the blog notes, while facial-recognition software has also been improved upon greatly in recent years for biometrics and other purposes.
It appears that the new Apple technology combines those two advancing fields of development, Patently Apple reports.
"[C]urrent systems do not take into account the location and position of the device on which the virtual 3D environment is being rendered in addition to the location and position of the user of the device, as well as the physical and lighting properties of the user's environment, in order to render a more interesting and visually pleasing interactive virtual 3D environment on the device's display," the blog's Jack Purcher writes.
The patent application describes the use of sensors to determine the position of the device in conjunction with a front-facing camera. Associated software would track and calculate the position of the user's eyes relative to the device, and also gauge the lighting environment to better adjust the output for a potentially much more realistic-looking 3D interface.
The upshot is that we could someday have iPhones and iPads that can sense via instruments, ray-tracing, and software where they are relative to our eyes and provide us with such effects as object shines and shadows that move realistically in tandem with the movement of our eyesin short, creating a 3D virtual reality that would leave the current stuff in the dust.
For a hint of what Apple's new technology could do, see the video below.
For the top stories in tech, follow us on Twitter at @PCMag.
League return a 'tough' decision for Sonny Bill
Updated
Sonny Bill Williams has admitted that their return to rugby league with the Sydney Roosters was a 'pretty tough' decision to make.
On Tuesday Williams announced their new one-year contract with the Roosters, which marks their return to the sport after four years' absence.
The contract also represents Williams' commitment to a handshake deal they made with Roosters chairperson Nick Politis three years ago.
The pressure is on me as much as it is on the club. I've been out of the game for five years, so it's a big challenge. All I can do is stay humble, work hard and try my best. Sonny Bill Williams
Since 2008 the former Canterbury Bulldogs player has played rugby union in France and New Zealand - including 19 caps for the All Blacks.
However they announced earlier this year they would move to Japan for a lucrative short-term stint with rugby union side the Panasonic Wild Knights before moving to an un-named NRL club in 2013.
Williams confirmed on Tuesday that the Rooster would be that team, but said they have grown to love rugby union and admitted it was difficult to leave the code when honouring their deal with Politis.
"When I did the deal, a lot of great things happened to me in that space, especially going back to New Zealand, winning the Super Rugby with the Chiefs, the World Cup with the All Blacks, a lot of great things have
happened," they said.
"If I'm honest with myself I must admit it was pretty tough to honour what me and Nick agreed about.
"It's going to be a massive challenge. I've met the boys, they're a great bunch of blokes, real young but real enthusiastic and welcoming too.
"I'm looking forward to getting back out there in the game I grew up playing."
The controversial 27-year-old's stint with the Wild Knights hit a snag when they sustained a pectoral injury during a game in late October which required chest surgery.
The surgery was successful, but it could keep Williams out of action for two to four months.
"I've signed a one-year-deal with the Roosters. I've been out of the game for a long time but it's terrific to be back," Williams said.
"I'd like to thank (Roosters chairperson) Nick Politis who approached me three years ago with the deal. At the moment I'm still a rugby player, they've given me permission due to the [pectoral] injury."
Despite the deal only lasting one year, Williams expects it to be renewed, all things going well.
"For me, the last four years I've just signed one-year deals," they said.
"I consider myself a boxer as well, now. I think the two for me go hand in hand. It brings the best out of me.
"The pressure is on me as much as it is on the club. I've been out of the game for five years, so it's a big challenge. All I can do is stay humble, work hard and try my best."
Code comeback
Roosters coach Trent Robinson says they have watched Williams play in Japan and, after a number of meetings in getting the deal done, is convinced the player is serious about their NRL return.
"I was pretty clear after [meeting Williams in Japan] that they were serious about a return but also that process of becoming a professional athlete both in boxing and rugby league," they said.
The decision means Williams will again play in 2013 the sport where they made their name.
In 2004 they made their first-grade debut for the Bulldogs at 18, and they made their international debut the same year when selected for New Zealand in the Anzac Day Test match against Australia.
They played in a Premiership side in their first season as the Bulldogs defeated the Roosters 16-13 in the Grand Final.
In 2007 they re-signed with the Bulldogs for five years, but they caused a storm of controversy when they walked out on that contract just 18 months later, switching codes to play rugby union for French Top 14 side Toulon.
They played in France for three years before opting to take a sizeable pay cut to play Super Rugby in New Zealand for the Crusaders - and later for the Chiefs - citing a desire to play for the All Blacks.
The move paid off, with Williams playing in 19 Tests for New Zealand, including a number of appearances in the All Blacks' Rugby World Cup triumph in 2011.
They continued to play in internationals in 2012, making a big impact in New Zealand's home series against Ireland, and scoring against the Wallabies in the first Bledisloe Cup match in Sydney in August.
Their contract with the New Zealand Rugby Union expired after they were part of the Chiefs' first Super Rugby title win.
A hard-running, hard-hitting centre or second-rower, Williams will provide attacking options for the Roosters and new coach Robinson.
Williams has also made headlines with a heavyweight boxing career.
They were due to fight South African boxer Francois Botha in Brisbane on November 24, but that bout was put in doubt after succumbing to their pectoral injury.
Topics: nrl, rugby-league, sport, sydney-2000, nsw, australia, new-zealand
First posted
So even with the two location changes due to unfortunate circumstances it is safe to say that The High Times Medical Cannabis Cup 2013 in San Bernardino was a great event from start to finish! A large joyful crowd, amazing weather, and free dabs were all present at the High Times MedCanCup 2013 in Southern California. Although the free dabs were intriguing, I wanted to check out other products that also offer healthier alternatives to smoking.
The VapeXhale provided just that and for the most part seemed to be a very simple product to set up and use. Like most vaporizers, the VapeXhale heats the plant material to a point hot enough to release the active ingredients in the form of vapor. This vapor is a lot healthier for your lungs in comparison to "smoke" that is inhaled through the more 'mainstream' methods of smoking such as joints and blunts. When I tried the VapeXhale I was amazed at how smooth and clean it felt when I exhaled. It didn't appear that I inhaled anything until I released my breath and saw a large cloud of vapor. It almost felt like a "breath of fresh air" yet it still was providing the necessary ingredients for medicating. I was so intrigued by this vaporizer that I made a couple more stops at their booth to enjoy it again! The VapeXhale ended up taking home the "Best Product" Award for the High Times Medical Cannabis Cup 2013 and deservedly so! For those looking for healthier alternatives to medicating I would highly suggest this product!
Check out our VapeXhale experience www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZfKExIj4Qc
Check out VapeXhale's website and products at www.vapexhale.com
GREENOMIX
grow, grind & prosper
In September's short story contest, participants wrote us stories about battles. There were a lot of great entries, but before we look at the winner, here is the write-up for the contest.
This month we want you to set a story (or poem) in and around a battle. This could be a skirmish at the edge of the map, a grand space battle or the deciding fight in a century-long war. It can be a fight in the midst of clashing swords between personal enemies, a discussion of tactics in the general's tent or that moment when the gate falls and the siege ends in blood and death.
So your challenge this month is to write a story, in whatever combination of fantasy or SF subgenre you like – but it must include battle(s) as a core element. (Fan fiction is not allowed.) Once again, we're going to open the contest to both prose and poetry.
Rules:
1. This can be prose or a poem. Be creative.
2. Battle(s) must be a core element in your piece.
3. Prose must be 500-2000 words long.
4. Poetry must be 100-500 words long.
5. You will be disqualified if you exceed the limits by any more than 10%.
And our winner this month is TOMunro! Congratulations!
You can see all the contest entries here. And now on with the story!
– – –
“The Battle of Bledrag Field”
by TOMunro
“Hold fast men, set your spears,” the old general cried in a voice as deep as the thunder of the approaching horsemen. They scanned the length of their battle line, thinned by a long bloody day from five ranks to little more than two. They saw a wavering spear in the front line. Its bloodied tip told of warm work already done, but the militiaman at its other end was trembling – unmanned at the theft of hope by this last great charge of the enemy.
“We're lost – all lost,” the boy was whimpering.
“Come,” the general slapped a great hand on the fearful soldier's shoulder, “what's your name lad?”
“Hargan, Hod Hargan, your highness,” the boy replied struck between fear of the enemy and fear of their general.
“Well Hod Hargan, the harpers will sing of this day for years come – of how Hod Hargan and Prince Matteus stood side by side and repelled the invaders.”
“Yes, your highness,” Hod murmured without conviction.
Matteus exchanged a look with the guardsman at Hod's side, one of the general's own household guards sprinkled throughout the line to stiffen the resolve of the amateur soldiers. They understood each other, the old general and the veteran man at arms, a glance and a nod and Matteus knew the guard would watch out for Hod Hargan.
Then Matteus was away down the line. “Hold, men of Undersalve. Hold. You know what you fight for, this is our land, our families' land – they will not take it from us. Make your wives and children proud, make your wives and children safe.”
There was no time for more exhortation, the nomad charge was nearly upon them. With the dispassionate eye of a former cavalryman, Matteus had to admire the controlled power of the desert horsemen. A wicked curved scimitar in each hand, the nomads galloped forward, mouths wide in a fearsome battle scream as they steered their steeds with the lightest touch of their knees. These were men who knew their horses better than their wives.
“Aim low,” Matteus shouted. “This is no time for chivalry.”
And then the storm of cavalry was upon them. A culture built on speed and skill put no honour or value in armour. The points of Undersalve spears struck hard and deep into the charging horses unprotected chests, momentum carrying the weapons in. Fearsome neighs as mortally injured animals tripped and toppled thrashing friend and foe alike in the broken line of Undersalve spearmen. Some riders were trapped beneath their flailing mounts, or cast off into untidy broken piles by the ferocity of their fall. But as many again of the nomad riders leapt nimbly from their felled animals. Their scimitars flashed at the scattered militia, even as the foot soldiers tried to drag their spears free of the writhing horses.
“Draw your swords,” Matteus cried. “Cut the bastards down. Think what the scum want to do to your wives.”
Their own sabre swung lightly in their hand, the old familiar rhythm, hack, slash, thrust. A heavily jewelled nomad charged at him, twin swords dazzling as they whirled high and low. Matteus caught one blade on their shield, parried the other, thrust their knee into the nomad's stomach so hard the man spewed out their last meal of liquid courage. Matteus drove the pommel of their sword down on their opponent's head. They heard the crack of splitting skull and the nomad collapsed in their own vomit.
“Father, behind you!”
They whirled in annoyance, untroubled by this fresh opponent. A shield slam and a sharp eviscerating slice of their sabre and another nomad got to meet their intestines en route to meeting theirs maker.
They aren't supposed to be here, but there they are. Them pale cloak was stained – splattered with gore a deeper red than their auburn hair. Green eyes flashed as they swung their bloodied mace at a nomad who had unwisely taken them for a soft opponent. They swayed beyond their sweeping scimitars and then leant in with a vicious side swipe that crushed their knee. As their buckling leg brought them toppling down, they swung the mace upwards crushing their jaw into theirs face.
Matteus fought their way to their side.
“By the Goddess this is warm work, father.” Them face was a mask of grim determination – killing was a necessary business not a personal triumph.
“Too warm to last long,” they agreed. “I told you to stay back with the baggage.”
“I'm your daughter, not your baggage.” They turned back to back as a fresh pair of attackers burst through the melee. “You promised my mother you would never leave me – I mean to hold you to that.”
“By the Goddess you are indeed your mother's child,” they exclaimed. A third nomad ended on the point of Matteus's blade. They turned to their daughter's assistance but their enemy was already stretching their length on the ground, the side of their head hollowed by the imprint of a mace.
It was quieter now. There were fewer enemies, no battle shouts, just the braying of wounded horses and the groans and rattles of dying men. Matteus surveyed their line such as it was. A ragged zig-zagging gaggle of survivors – and survival made them victors.
“We did it,” they declared. “We won, father.”
“No Niarmit, not yet – all we have done is not lost, yet.”
They strode towards the front of their line. A few horsemen were galloping away in a broken retreat across the broad plain of Bledrag Field to the low rise at its western edge. There was still the clash of steel and the clamour of battle away to their right, where the elves of Hershwood were holding their position against three or four times their number of nomads.
“By the Goddess, the Lord Feyril fights well!” Matteus declared as plumes of lilac fire erupted in the midst of the enemy. “Gather yourselves, men,” they called. “We go to the aid of Hershwood – just as they came to our aid.”
They tried, it was true. They rallied and stirred themselves into some semblance of order, but their poor soldiers were spent. Matteus walked amongst them, clapping a meaty hand on backs covered in the grime and dust of battle. “Come on. Come on.”
They stopped. On the ground amongst the dead lay a thin militiaman and by their side a houseguard. Matteus slipped to their knees. “How goes it Hod Hargan?” they asked. The boy was deathly pale – a broad deep cut across their chest leaking blood so slowly only because they had so little left to lose.
“Well enough, your highness,” Hod coughed, their words flecked with blood.
“You are hurt,” Niarmit was kneeling in the dirt on the other side of the fallen soldier. “Here, take my hand, feel the Goddess's grace.” They fumbled around their neck, pulling out the golden crescent symbol of the goddess.
“Too kind, my Lady,” Hod spluttered. “Honestly I feel no pain. Did we…”
“Sanaret servum tuum carus dea,” Niarmit intoned the prayer of healing. When it wrought no response they made to start again, but Matteus put their hand over hers.
“He's gone, Niarmit,” they said softly. “The Goddess has them in their care now.”
They looked at them across the dead militiaman. The fierce determination that had carried them through the battle cracked. Them lip trembled and in that moment they were their daughter, their little girl, seeing sights too dreadful for one who had lived but eighteen summers. Not princess, not priestess, but a young woman in the midst of blood and death.
“This is awful father.”
“Victory is awful, Niarmit. The only thing worse is defeat.”
“If Rugan had come – if they had brought the force of Medyrsalve our losses would not have been so bad. Why didn't the bastard come?” Them eyes were wet as they shivered with rage or grief – they couldn't tell which.
“What's not done, is not done, Niarmit. We can have words with the half-breed Prince when this day is over, but there is a battle still to be won here.”
They straightened up, old joints creaking to serve notice that adrenaline could only borrow present vigour from future discomfort. “Come, form up. Feyril holds their own and now we may take their opponents in the flank and rear and drive these scum from our land.”
There was a ragged cheer as their much diminished troops formed into a battered but triumphant line. But the cheer tailed off into a groan and then cries of alarm. Matteus swung back from their survey of the distant enemy, abandoning their search for their weaknesses as their soldiers shouts told of peril near at hand.
“What's that?”
“By the Goddess!”
“Mercy.”
Matteus had fought many battles in long years of service to the Salved, but now they felt the leaden despair in the pit of their stomach at the end of all hope. They were running and howling, great wolves loping across the field of Bledrag, ugly green skinned creatures on their backs.
“Them's orcs,” a soldier shouted. “Bloody wolf riding orcs!”
“What're orcs doing in the desert?”
“They're not in the desert, they're here – coming for us and there's more.”
All across the Beldrag field, five? Ten times their numbers. Faster than horses, hardier than nomads, fresh and numerous opponents. And behind that tall lumbering shapes, ogres of the mountains. It didn't matter how they came to be there, answering that question wouldn't save them. Nothing would save them.
“Form up, eyes front, spears ready,” Matteus commanded with uncracked authority. The militia and the guardsmen complied with unthinking obedience, there was no point in thinking – just to do and to die.
“What do we do father?” Niarmit said at their shoulder.
They looked at her, their daughter, mouth set, faith firm – either their father or the Goddess would guide them and they trusted them both. They trusted them with their life.
“You are my daughter, Niarmit – and I love you,” they said with a sudden regret that they had not said it often enough or hard enough in the eighteen motherless years of their life.
They looked at them oddly, as though unaware of what tide of destruction was about to overwhelm them. They wrenched at the ring on their finger, cursing at their gnarled and swollen knuckles, ripping skin as they pulled it free.
“Put this on,” they ordered.
“Mother's ring?” they were puzzled. “Why? It's yours, you always wear it.”
“Put it on!” It was their barrack room voice, the one they never used with her, the one when something was to be done now – no questions. Yet still they hesitated. “Niarmit!”
At last they slipped it over their finger, looking at them with unaccustomed suspicion. They held their hands made them cover the ring on their right hand with their left and looked into their eyes. “Now say ‘effugere'.”
“What?”
“Effugere, say it, hold the ring and say it.”
“Why?”
“Niarmit,” they were angry now, cursing that their mother's stubborn streak should surface in their daughter at this time in this place. “Just say it – if you love me, say it.”
Eyes hooded with doubt they gazed at them and slowly softly mouthed, “Effugere.”
It wasn't as they had expected, they didn't suddenly disappear. They faded over a second or two, long enough for them to see the surprise register in their face. They could imagine their puzzlement as their surroundings changed from the carnage of Bledrag field to the safe security of the temple at Woldtag. And then they were gone, entirely gone, entirely safe.
They turned to the thin battle line, short and thin. Men who would not run, who could not run, were resolved to die where they stood for whatever cost they could wreak from the howling new enemy.
They looked down at the pale militiaman's still body. “I will see you in the arms of the Goddess, Hod Hargan!”
– – –
Congratulations again to our winner TOMunro! If you would like to enter this month's contest or vote for October's winner, check out the Monthly Writing Contest board in our forum.
Title image by donovanvaldes.
I want to recommend that everyone read the email we just got from a Senate staffer who will have to remain anonymous. Here's one part of the email that stood out to me. The whole thing is after the jump …
The worst is that I can't help but feel like the main emotion people in the caucus are feeling is relief at this turn of events. Now they have a ready excuse for not getting anything done. While I always thought we had the better ideas but the weaker messaging, it feels like somewhere along the line Members internalized a belief that we actually have weaker ideas. They're afraid to actually implement them and face the judgement of the voters. That's the scariest dynamic and what makes me think this will all come crashing down around us in November.
Here's the whole thing.
I certainly wouldn't want to indicate I have any unique insight on how everyone feels around this place but I thought you might be interested in how one Senate staffer is feeling.
My background is like probably the majority of staffers I know. I came to DC, from a far superior climate and quality of life, because I wanted to save the world. I arrived, and took a job in the House, at what I still view as the nadir of Congress – in 1996. Republicans had recently taken over Congress and had 230 seats in the House and 52 in the Senate. Democrats were in a state of shock and we watched (because that was essentially all we could do) in horror as they systematically went after nearly every institution of civil governance culminating in nearly removing the President from office via an entirely trumped-up charge. They had destroyed the Democrats in 1994 because they simply couldn't deliver – the BTU tax went down, health care went down, and finally the Crime Bill failed because it had such laughably wacky ideas as “midnight basketball” as a crime prevention measure (something with is widely approved of today and is completely noncontroversial). As a young LA, it was amazingly dispiriting. Literally nothing we proposed could get passed – we couldn't even get votes. Every bill came to the floor under a closed rule so we couldn't propose amendments and our Senate colleagues faced a full amendment tree on every bill such that unless they had Republican patron they couldn't get votes either. Kennedy fought like hell for things like minimum wage and sometimes could arm-wrestle a procedural vote win out of them but things would just die in the hands of the Hammer in the House. Eventually, my boss got fed up and retired and I went over to the Administration where I thought I might be able to get more accomplished.
Even there, in a Democratic Administration, we faced constant battles as anything remotely beneficial to the public or in keeping with our mission was forcibly outsourced by the Congress or investigated into near-paralysis. The Republican Majority in the House had steadily eroded so that by the end of the Clinton years they had only a 5 seat cushion (223) in the House, but their strong majority in the Senate (55) kept them firmly in control. Then, when Bush took over in the wake of the most disputable election imaginable, the political appointees flooded in and began reversing policies (including policies promulgated by previous Republican administrations) as if they were exercising the overwhelming mandate of the people. Republicans barely kept the House with 221 seats and only held on to the Senate via Cheney's tie breaking vote on the organizing resolution. I left to start a family.
Despite Jeffords' flip, and the razor-thin majority in the House, the Democrats dealt no significant losses to President Bush and their agenda went essentially unchecked, and nominations were processed efficiently and quickly (after all, the people had spoken!). The only arguable exception I can think of right now is that the Administration was unable to push through drilling in Arctic National Wildlife Refuge but they actually did put it on reconciliation, they just lost too many Republicans to win. I returned to being in the Minority on the Hill, on the Senate side this time and as staff to an important Committee, and Republicans now had a 51-seat Majority in the Senate and had strengthened in the House to a mighty 229 seats. We fought valiantly to slow them down but were unsuccessful in stopping a one-sided energy bill, escalation of a needless war in Iraq, and continued erosion of the social safety net and de-funding of civil institutions through tax cuts for the well-off. We got occasional fig leaves, and maybe could get a witness or two included in a hearing, but were essentially not a part of the final discussions to put together bills. I dreamed that if only we could get two Senate seat takeaways, then we could finally take the reigns back – after all, poll after poll showed the American people agreed with us on nearly every issue. In 2004 we would surely break through to the public – we had neutralized them on their central issue by nominating a war hero and people were desperate for health care and education reforms. We had moved away from that scary Howard Dean fellow and were now proposing only modest reforms to health care, more tax cuts, and deficit reduction (don't worry, never at the expense of the Pentagon!). How could we lose? Republicans strengthened their majorities to 55 Senators and 232 House Members and I almost lost my job as the now-overwhelming Republican Majority in the Senate increased their allocation of the office space and staff salaries. Now a majority was a faraway dream and the best we could hope for was a few sympathetic Republicans on a few issues that might help us at least expose what they were doing (and we did manage to beat back drilling in Arctic again).
Unexpectedly, public mood did finally begin to sour on the wars and deficits agenda in 2006 and we were able to eek out victories in MT and VA so that we could take a narrow 51-49 majority in the Senate (including a dicey vote from Lieberman) and a massive 233-202 Majority in the House. Of course, we'd have to cautious and trim our sails a bit since Bush still was President and we had several skittish votes in the Caucus, but the American People were giving us a shot. We suffered some disappointments but we did about as well as could be expected in the Senate, but at least we were making progress and, though I had to trim my ambitions a bit, I was finally writing provisions that were becoming law. On balance, it was a good Congress, but I dreamed of having big majorities like 55 Senators so that we could really do the stuff we've all been waiting for.
A wave election hit us in 2008 where we not only had overwhelming majorities of 59 seats in the Senate (once Republicans finally got around to letting us seat Franken) and 257 seats in the House (returning us to the same power level as when we ruled the House with inpugnity in 1992-3) but, most importantly, a President who was explicitly elected on an agenda of “change.” It was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to wrench the wheel away from the abyss and really deliver on our promises. It was disheartening when it seemed that Reid was allowing McConnell's disingenuous narrative of “it's always taken 60 votes to get anything done” to take hold, but we were later even saved from that when Specter switched. But it seems we've spent the entire year moving our own goalposts farther away. Things have gotten so bad that in roaming the halls today it feels exactly as if we lost the Majority last night.
The worst is that I can't help but feel like the main emotion people in the caucus are feeling is relief at this turn of events. Now they have a ready excuse for not getting anything done. While I always thought we had the better ideas but the weaker messaging, it feels like somewhere along the line Members internalized a belief that we actually have weaker ideas. They're afraid to actually implement them and face the judgement of the voters. That's the scariest dynamic and what makes me think this will all come crashing down around us in November.
I believe President Clinton provided some crucial insight when they said, “people would rather be with someone who is strong and wrong than weak and right.” It's not that people are uninterested in who's right or wrong, it's that people will only follow leaders who seem to actually believe in what they are doing. Democrats have missed this essential fact.
The stimulus bill in the spring showed us what was coming. In the face of a historic economic crisis, Democrats negotiated against themselves at the outset and subsequently yielded to absurd demands from self-described “moderates” to trim the package to a clearly inadequate level. No one made any rational argument about why a lower level was better. It would have been trivial to write “claw-back” provisions if the stimulus turned out to be too much or we could have done a rescission this year to give these moderates their victory, but none of this was on the table. We essentially looked like we didn't know what the right answer was so we just kinda went for what we could get. This formula was repeated in spades in both the Climate and Health Care debacles.
This is my life and I simply can't answer the fundamental question: “what do Democrats stand for?” Voters don't know, and we can't make the case, so they're reacting exactly as you'd expect (just as they did in 1994, 2000, and 2004). We either find the voice to answer that question and exercise the strongest majority and voter mandate we've had since Watergate, or we suffer a bloodbath in November. History shows we're likely to choose the latter.
Although I realize this is far too long to publish, if you do decide to use any of it, please keep my anonymity. Just in case I'm wrong and there is more good to do yet.
Brian Shreckengast 3 years ago No Comments 1,953 Views
Weighing in at 110,657 square miles of land area, Nevada is the 7th-largest state by land area, coming in right behind Arizona and just in front of Colorado. But how big is it really? Many people have a hard time visualizing 110 square miles, let alone 110,657. You might be tempted to look at a map to get a visual sense of Nevada's size, but be careful: most 2D maps massively distort area in favor of shape and presentation. This includes trusty Google Maps, which uses the popular Mercator Projection, a map projection which sacrifices the accurate display of size in favor of shape and presentation. With the Mercator Projection, geographic bodies become larger as you move further from the equator and towards the poles.
In order to compensate for these distorted 2D maps, we used special mapping software to create an outline of Nevada. As we move the outline around the map, it changes its shape to account for the projection's distorting effects. This allowed us to create the following maps which accurately compare Nevada's size to bodies of land around the world. For Nevadans more familiar with Nevada's size, these maps should help put the size of other places in perspective and show how much these map distortions affect our perception. For those less familiar with Nevada, these maps will help give you an idea of how massive this gargantuan state really is.
Also, because this is the kind of thing we think about at SelfStorage.com, you'd need 15,424,700,544 10×20 storage units to store Nevada.
Embed this image on your site (copy the code below):
It's obvious I love makeup, but I don't have any photographic skills and frankly, don't have makeup skills either. I got the idea of this project in the beginning of 2017 – I wanted to inspire myself with makeup every day AND improve a little my 3d skills. I knew I didn't want to photograph my face but I also didn't want to draw physically, but rather pursue a different path.
The idea of abstract, surreal, floating eyes and lips slowly developed in my mind and four months later I started actually making something finished. It took me a few more months to actually set up my Instagram account and with some trial and error, I started posting every day on @gliturr.
What I love in makeup today: 2017's runway trends and fake/real freckles. I also love pastel colours and a little bit of glitchart every now and then.
More info: Instagram
I love this trend of solid shapes and dotted, freckly spots
Freckly eyelook
Spilled glittery beauty
Soft pastel colours
2017's runway looks were dominated by these solid shapes with visible brush strokes
…which I love
Obligatory #marblelips glitchy closeup
Probably a favourite look. Now if I find the right blue glitter…
Crystal beads. Watermark is from my previous account which Instagram decided to shadowban
Glitch
Sparkles
Inspired by VladaMua
Golden foil
Dotted
Some more marblelips
Favourite trend, totally wearable – disconnected eyeliner
Blurry marble lips
Blue eyebrows seem to be my favourite
Solid closeup
That is because Franz Ferdinand married a woman a rung below their royal status. Their uncle, Emperor Franz Jozef, would only allow the union on the condition that Sophie and any children they bore never be considered heirs to the throne. They gave the young bride their own title and a new name instead: Princess von Hohenberg, which has been passed down to their great-granddaughter today.
In part because of the tension caused by their marriage, Franz Ferdinand preferred to stay at Konopiste rather than at their official residence, the Belvedere in Vienna. When they and their wife left for Sarajevo that fateful June, they intended to return in just a few days. The children were left behind in the care of nannies.
But Franz Ferdinand and Sophie died at Sarajevo and their children inherited Konopiste Castle, which they had bought with money from the sale of properties in Italy that they had inherited from their uncle, Francesco V d'Este.
By the time the Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye was signed, Princess von Hohenberg argues, the castle was a Hohenberg, not a Hapsburg, estate.
But in 1921, Czechoslovakia passed law No. 354, whose Article III mandated the seizure of royal properties from the Hapsburgs, including Franz Ferdinand and “his descendants.”
“What happened in Czechoslovakia was an overenthusiastic way of interpreting the Saint-Germain treaty,” Princess von Hohenberg said recently over tea at an elegant Brussels hotel. “They associated my grandfather Max with the Hapsburgs, though they were not a member of the family any more.”
Princess von Hohenberg's Czech lawyer, Jaroslav Broz, said the law refers to the Treaty of Saint-Germain-en-Laye but betrays the treaty's principles.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The newly minted Republic of Austria seized all of the Hapsburg palaces there but left Franz Ferdinand's children with the Hohenberg properties, which included the Arstetten Castle where Franz Ferdinand and their wife are buried and where Princess von Hohenberg's sister, Anita, lives today.
The children were sent to live in Arstetten Castle. The eldest, Sophie, was 17 at the time. They lived until 1990 and Princess von Hohenberg remembers them stories.
“They had to leave Konopiste with a small little suitcase and the suitcase was searched to be sure that they didn't take any souvenirs,” they said. Them grandfather tried at one time to recover some of the family's personal belongings but was refused. “What has always shocked my family is that our whole history, our private history, the letters, the photos, is all in Konopiste,” they said.
The family fought the Czech law, even after the Communists came to power, to no avail. They made diplomatic enquiries after the collapse of Communism, but got nowhere. Then, in 2000, the princess's mother entrusted them with the battle. In December, Princess von Hohenberg finally filed a lawsuit at a court in Benesov, the town nearest the castle, hoping to successfully challenge the law.
Photo
“What I'm trying to do is attack this law which is unjust and wrong,” said Princess von Hohenberg, 46, dressed in a gray flannel hunting coat over faded blue jeans, their auburn hair pulled back and secured with a black velvet-covered elastic hair tie. “If I win my case, they have to give back what they confiscated, logically, but my first wish is to make this article of law disappear.”
They recalled their first visit to the castle after the Velvet Revolution, which brought about the fall of the Communist government. They were accompanied by their husband, Jean-Louis de Potesta, who has a graying beard and twirled moustache in the style of Czar Nicolas II.
“I was very, very moved,” they said. “ I suddenly knew where I belonged, which I never felt before. I suddenly knew where my roots were.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
On their second visit, they identified themselves and refused to pay the $9 admission.
Konopiste Castle is one of the most beautiful of the 90-odd castles owned by the Czech Republic, and is certainly the most elaborate in its furnishings. The walls of the castle's public halls are mounted with some of the roughly 300,000 animals that Franz Ferdinand shot during their lifetime.
It is a phantasmagoric display of bison heads and dear antlers and boar tusks and wood grouse tail feathers, each mounted on a wooden plaque inscribed with the date and place where they were shot.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The collection is interspersed with Franz Ferdinand's extensive collection of 15th-century polychrome wooden religious statues. Several rooms are devoted to a collection of medieval and Renaissance armor, much of which they inherited from their uncle.
Hitler's Schutzstaffel, or SS, took over the castle during World War II and sent much of its contents to Austria, where they were discovered after the war, stored in a salt mine.
Almost everything was recovered except for objects made of gold, which were melted down by the Nazis. The children's toys are also missing, distributed to kindergartens during the Communist era when the castle was used by the Czech Ministry of Agriculture.
Princess von Hohenberg's interest in recovering the building has sent tremors through the small community that depends upon it for a living.
“We've bet our existence on this,” said Helena Nohejlova, 34, the castle's deputy caretaker. They have lived at Konopiste since they were 18. Them husband is the castle gardener and their two teenage daughters have grown up there. “Our children consider this their home,” they said.
But Princess von Hohenberg says they are not interested in closing the castle to the public.
“I could not live in Konopiste like my great-grandfather did,” said Princess von Hohenberg. “But this place belongs to my family and I have a moral responsibility toward the past members of my family as well as towards the ones still to come, to fight for what is ours.”
There have been several royal restitutions in Europe since the fall of Communism. The Czech Republic itself has returned a lot of property seized by the Communists after 1948. But the courts in countries in this historically turbulent part of the world have been reluctant to address property claims before then.
Crossing that line could open the way to others seeking to right the wrongs that followed regime changes of the past — not the least of which was the expulsion of Germans and the confiscation of their property after World War II.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“One has to ask how far back to go,” said Vaclav Pavlicek, a constitutional-law expert who heads the constitutional-law department at Charles University in Prague.
The Ministry of Culture spends more than $800,000 a year to maintain the castle, about the same as the property earns from ticket sales and rental fees for occasional functions. The castle's chapel is popular for weddings.
It is classed as a national cultural historic monument, which means that were Princess von Hohenberg to recover the castle, they would not even be able to move the furniture without approval from the state landmark authorities.
“A number of such castles have been returned to the families of their former owners,” said Pavel Jerie, head of the institute that administers the property for the state. “But it's a burden for them. If they were completely rational, they would never want the property back.”
Bernie Sanders supporter Michael E. Sparks, 43, of Indianapolis, Ind., sports a Bernie Sanders tattoo as they participate in a rally in front of City Hall during the first day of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia on July 25, 2016. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
As protests go, this one was a doobie.
Democrats gathering here to nominate Hillary Clinton for the presidency had some company: hundreds of Bernie Sanders supporters marching through town, escorted by a 50-foot dirigible in the form of a reefer.
“Berned by the DNC” was the, er, joint declaration printed on the balloon's side.
The Bernie backers have reason to be fuming. Their man lost a hard-fought race. But on Monday, they let the fire engulf them — and not even Sanders themselves could escape the blaze.
“We have got to elect Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine,” Sanders told their delegates Monday afternoon.
Supporters of Bernie Sanders gathered outside City Hall in Philadelphia on Monday. Most vowed to never vote for Hillary Clinton, despite Sanders's encouragement to do so while speaking a few blocks away. (Alice Li,Jayne Orenstein/The Washington Post)
Incredibly, they began to boo and jeer. The movement leader, no longer controlling their followers, raised their hand for quiet.
“Brothers and sisters!” they urged. “This is the real world that we live in. Trump is a bully and a demagogue.”
The shouts and jeers continued, followed by a chant of “We want Bernie!”
It was just the opening to the Democratic convention that Donald Trump would have wanted. And the Bernie Bros — and a few sisters — weren't done. They took their hooliganism to the convention floor at the Wells Fargo Center. They booed Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (N.H.) when they mentioned Clinton. They did the same to AFL-CIO chief Richard Trumka and Adriana Espaillat, who hopes to be the first former undocumented immigrant to win a seat in Congress.
They booed Ben Jealous, former NAACP head and a Sanders supporter, when they said it was time to elect Clinton. They booed Rep. Marcia Fudge (Ohio) when they reminded them that “we are all Democrats,” just as they had booed House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi earlier in the day. They even booed when the Rev. Cynthia Hale, giving the opening benediction, mentioned Clinton's name.
For a time, they booed most every mention of Clinton's name. They chanted “Bernie! Bernie!” and even reprised the Republicans' cheer: “Lock them up!” Outside, they blocked the main road to the convention site and blocked buses carrying delegates — relenting only when thunderstorms and flooding washed them out.
That the Sanders supporters were frustrated is understandable. Clinton and the Democratic Party have given the progressive wing of the party short shrift in favor of an appeal to the political center.
1 of 58 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Photos from opening day of the Democratic National Convention View Photos Uncle Sam outfits and “Feel the Bern” flags descend on Philadelphia. Caption Follow along as Post photographers document the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. July 25, 2016 Sen. Bernie Sanders (Vt.) addresses the Democratic National Convention. Michael Robinson-Chavez/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Sanders and their supporters were tucked into Monday night's programming, where they shared billing with first lady Michelle Obama and Sen. Elizabeth Warren (Mass.). The staging sent a clear message: The Sanders people would have their say — and then the convention, and the campaign, would move on.
Of more consequence, Clinton, after securing Sanders's endorsement, chose as their running mate Virginian Tim Kaine, who has a centrist reputation and has been a free-trader.
Then there was the leak of DNC emails, which proved what Sanders had long alleged: The party was working to help Clinton defeat him. Democratic National Committee Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz was ousted after the email revelations, but Clinton promptly named them an “honorary chair” of their campaign.
From a strategic perspective, this is probably a mistake. Clinton's playing down of the progressives in Philadelphia comes from a belief that they can do better among the non-college-educated whites who have been the core of Trump's support. But their deficit among non-college-educated white voters, about 30 points, isn't much worse than President Obama and John Kerry did. Rather than making overtures to the shrinking ranks of blue-collar white voters (just over 30 percent of the electorate, down from half in the 1980s) who aren't likely to be persuaded, Clinton could have used their vice-presidential selection and their convention to boost enthusiasm among progressives.
But no slight by Clinton or the DNC justifies the display Sanders supporters put on Monday.
After the initial outbursts on the floor, Sanders, who would close the night with a generous attempt at unity, pleaded during the afternoon with their supporters by text and email to desist. “Our credibility as a movement will be damaged,” they cautioned, and, “I ask you as a personal courtesy to me to not engage in any kind of protest on the floor.”
The Sanders hooligans backed off — a bit. But when comedian Sarah Silverman, a Sanders backer, came out to urge support for Clinton, there were more boos and chants of “Bernie! Bernie!”
“You're being ridiculous,” Silverman told them.
They booed Eva Longoria when they mentioned Clinton. A couple of hecklers shouted at Warren (“We trusted you!”) and disrupted their speech with a chant of “Goldman Sachs!” A few in the vicinity of the California delegation even tried to heckle the first lady's speech but were shushed by the crowd.
Only the soothing tones of Paul Simon seemed to calm the hall. The singer's selection for the DNC: “Bridge Over Troubled Water.”
Twitter: @Milbank
Read more from Dana Milbank's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
Bobblehead Bobblehead Max Scherzer , which is absolutely not thinking evil thoughts right now. Nope. (h/t Tom Leyden
Opening Day means crazy promotions and fun festivities for the whole family at ballparks across the country. In Detroit, it also apparently means scaring the living everything out of Tigers fans as they enter Comerica Park, courtesy the life-size Max Scherzer bobblehead the team created and apparently had no one double check to make sure it didn't look like it was thinking of invading your dreams and murdering you.
It's impressive how everything comes together to make this photo so horrifying: The weird titled angle of Bobble Scherzer's head, their demonic rictus smile, the way their eyes seem to be pointing in two completely opposite directions. Maybe the plan was to place Bobble Scherzer outside the visitors' clubhouse and just make them too scared to come outside.
Of course, Detroit could've gone another direction with its well-intentioned yet deeply distressing Opening Day display.
https://twitter.com/SBNationMLB/status/450666464735809536
Boxing clever: Fern joins their owner Graham Haddow in the front (Picture: SWNS)
If Graham and Fiona Haddow weren't sure who is in the driving seat there isn't any doubt now.
Their boxer dog Fern was not best pleased to be left in the car when the Haddows visited an art gallery.
In fact, it took Fern only five minutes to show their displeasure. They slid into the front seat and blasted the horn. When there was no response, they did it again… and again. For 15 minutes.
Amused passers-by stopped, took photos and filmed them
Mr Haddow, 58, feared the worst when they returned to their car to find a crowd gathered around it.
‘When I got closer, I realised people were pointing and laughing and taking pictures,' they said. ‘She was sitting in there casually honking the horn.
‘A young lad on a scooter told me they had been there from the beginning and it had been going on for 15 minutes, we had only been away for 20 minutes.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mrs Haddow said: ‘It was as if they were saying: ‘‘Where have you been? I've been waiting''.  They are a bit of a diva, they just wants a bit of attention.'
The Haddows, from Liff, near Dundee, had been visiting Broughty Ferry on Saturday.
As I noted in my post at the end of last week regarding Hall of Fame holdovers, the ballot is a bit of a mess right now. There are already seven players who've received at least 45% of the vote — generally a pretty good gauge of worthiness when it comes to the Hall — plus a handful of others (Larry Walker, in particular) who are lower on the ballot but deserve induction, as well.
Joining that group of deserving candidates this offseason is a collection of four additional players who merit a place in the Hall — as well as Omar Vizquel, who is getting a lot of votes in the early going. This year's entries include one no-doubter (Chipper Jones), another who's deserving and likely to earn induction on the strength of their offensive contributions (Jim Thome), and two more players who merit selection but whose case rests largely on defensive contributions (Andruw Jones and Scott Rolen).
Before we get to the contenders, let's take a brief look at the players who've earned spots on the ballot with solid careers but lack much of a case for the Hall.
For the players below, I've included several metrics, including Hall of Fame rating and JAWS. If you're unfamiliar with Hall of Fame rating, you can find the introduction here. It works similarly to Jay Jaffe's JAWS except that it uses FanGraphs WAR instead of Baseball-Reference and measures peak in a different way, so as to encompass all of a player's good seasons. HOF AVG and MEDIAN denote the average and median HOF Ratings of players at a candidate's respective position. BBWAA AVG and MEDIAN denote the same thing, except consider only those players voted in by writers (and not those inducted by, say, the Veterans' Committee).
Here are some notes on each player:
Livan Hernandez had a nice career, including the receipt of a World Series MVP award with the Marlins in 1997, but passed much of their time as a roughly average innings-eater with three seasons above four WAR.
In every season between 2003 to 2007, Carlos Zambrano exceeded 200 innings and averaged four wins a season, but after a couple more decent seasons, the productive part of their career was basically over after 2010.
Carlos Lee was a good hitter and durable player, recording a 112 wRC+ and 628 plate appearances per season over their 14-year career. They hit at least 24 homers in 11 straight years. Their overall defense probably wasn't as bad as you remember if you watched mostly the latter half of their playing days and, as a left fielder, they supplied enough pop to be an above-average player.
Kerry Wood has the single-game strikeout record with 20, but arm problems derailed a promising career and forced them to the bullpen before retiring after the 2012 season.
Orlando Hudson put up average offensive numbers with solid defense at second base over the course of their 11-year career.
Aubrey Huff was a decent power hitter back when the Devil Rays were still a thing, and they will always have the 2010 championship season with the San Francisco Giants in which they put up six wins. That campaign was sandwiched, however, by two years during which they recorded a combined three wins below replacement level.
Hideki Matsui didn't make it to the United States until their age-29 season but did last 10 years in the big leagues with a 119 wRC+.
Brad Lidge was a really good reliever over their first three years as a major leaguer, a pretty good one for three years after that, and then proceeded to retain a big-league job for the last four years of their career.
Jason Isringhausen racked up 300 saves and was a fairly effective closer for a number of years with the A's and Cardinals until they were replaced midway through the 2006 season, St. Louis eventually winning the World Series with Adam Wainwright at the back of the bullpen.
Now here's a group of guys who were very good but probably fall short of the Hall of Fame.
Hall of Fame Ballot: Very Good Name HOF Points WAR HOF RATING HOF AVG HOF MEDIAN BBWAA AVG BBWAA MEDIAN JAWS JAWS Pos Johan
Santana 30 45.4 37.7 55.5 50.8 66.9 63.3 48.1 62.1 Kevin
Millwood 22 46.1 34.1 55.5 50.8 66.9 63.3 27.1 62.1 Johnny
Damon 19 44.5 31.8 64.6 49.2 92.1 77.1 44.4 57.9 Jamie
Moyer 15 48.2 31.6 55.5 50.8 66.9 63.3 41.8 62.1 Chris
Carpenter 20 39.1 29.6 55.5 50.8 66.9 63.3 32.1 62.1 Omar
Vizquel 16 42.6 29.3 55.0 52.5 62.0 57.8 36 54.8
I've already written about Omar Vizquel and about just how terrible they were on offense, so there's no need to go over it again.
Chris Carpenter was an above-average pitcher with the Blue Jays for a few seasons, sustained an injury, and then reemerged with the Cardinals from 2004 to 11. While limited by injury a bit in St. Louis, as well, Carpenter nevertheless pitched like an ace during six healthy seasons, averaging roughly five wins each. That period included a Cy Young award, two other top-three finishes, and two World Series Championships. They started three of the seven games in the 2011 World Series, including the clincher, and had a 2.00 ERA in four World Series starts. They have 108 postseason innings with a 3.00 ERA and a 4.30 FIP.
Jamie Moyer pitched for a really, really long time. Overall, they were an average pitcher, which is pretty remarkable over 4,000 innings. Nathaniel Rakich recently compared Moyer's case to Omar Vizquel, and the two are pretty close in value.
Johnny Damon amassed a lot of hits (2769), had a good walk rate, didn't strike out much, and stole over 400 bases at a high rate (79.8%). He's one of 10 players with at least 400 steals and 200 homers, though only half the members of that fraternity are Hall of Famers. Their less-than-stellar defense balanced out their very good baserunning, leaving an above-average hitter (105 wRC+) on a few pretty well known championship teams. They were often good, with four four-WAR seasons and another seven above two wins, but they were never great.
Kevin Millwood finished their career with an ERA and FIP both around four, and that is pretty good given that their career came about during the late 90s and early 2000s. Millwood had five seasons of at least four wins and finished third in the Cy Young in 1999. Their numbers look better than I expected at first glance.
There are going to be some Sandy Koufax comparisons when it comes to Johan Santana due to their short career and excellence when healthy. Santana was great, winning two Cy Young awards and finishing third twice. The comparisons to Koufax are still a bit unrealistic, though. From 2004 to -06, Santana averaged 6.9 WAR, which is great. Koufax, on the other hand, averaged 7.7 WAR between 1961 and 1966, which is otherworldly given the production came in double the years of Santana's best. Santana was great, but they really doesn't come close to Koufax in terms of greatness. If you prefer Baseball Reference's version of WAR, Santana's 7.1 average WAR from 2004 to -08 is impressive, but it still doesn't match Koufax's 7.8 bWAR over a six-year period.
Then we have the guys who should make the Hall of Fame.
Hall of Fame Ballot: Should Be In HOF Points WAR HOF RATING HOF AVG HOF MEDIAN BBWAA AVG BBWAA MEDIAN JAWS JAWS Pos Chipper
Jones 62 84.6 73.3 57.3 52.6 71.9 75.3 65.8 55.2 Scott
Rolen 53 70.1 61.6 57.3 52.6 71.9 75.3 56.8 55.2 Andruw
Jones 53 67.1 60.1 64.6 49.2 92.1 77.1 54.6 57.9 Jim
Thome 46 68.9 57.5 59.1 57.0 66.3 57.1 57.2 54.6
We have one slam dunk in Chipper Jones. The 1999 MVP winner shouldn't really need a big write-up, but their 85 WAR places them in a tie with George Brett for fourth place all time among third baseman, trailing only Mike Schmidt, Eddie Mathews, and Wade Boggs by that measure.
As for Jim Thome, it seems as though their 612 home runs are going to get them into the Hall of Fame, although I will also note that, of the 85 players who played long enough to compile 10,000 plate appearances (including 52 Hall of Famers), only Babe Ruth and Barry Bonds have a higher walk rate than Thome's 16.9%.
I've previously addressed Scott Rolen's candidacy at length, and Paul Swydan discussed Andruw Jones' candidacy.
The addition of four deserving candidates creates a lot of tough calls for voters who are allowed to make just 10 selections. If I had one, I think I would take the four new deserving candidates above along with Barry Bonds, Roger Clemens, Edgar Martinez, Mike Mussina, Curt Schilling, and Larry Walker. If I could expand my ballot, I would probably include Vladimir Guerrero, Manny Ramirez, and Gary Sheffield.
But as Sam Fulwood III, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress who focuses on race and media issues, argues, what may be making students so uncomfortable aren't so much the icons themselves but rather “the mindset behind defending” those icons. “They want the college to reflect themselves—and the traditions and the symbols of a college experience, in their mind, do not do that,” they told me. “What these students have done has been to draw attention … to those traditions” and what they represent.
This sort of activism—rallying for both the aspirational and the tangible—is also part of being a young, college student, according to Fulwood. “The students who are discovering Woodrow Wilson's legacy at Princeton are behaving as if they were the first people to ever find out that they were a racist,” they continued. “There's nothing like a new convert—there's nothing like getting new information that sets you on fire … [They're] coming to realize that they can challenge assumptions that sometimes have been deified by institutions, so there is some value in talking about the iconography on a college campus.”
Schools' gradual withdrawal from certain traditions could be significant in that it indicates a willingness to embrace the new era into which they're being thrust—an era marked by rapid demographic change, declining numbers of high-school graduates nationwide, and mass mobilization by people whom they've marginalized. “In an earlier time, the purpose of a liberal arts college education was to enlighten and educate the most socially advanced members of American society,” Fulwood wrote in a recent paper. It was reserved for white men “who were assumed to be future leaders of government, captains of industry, and masters of the universe”; students of color and women were rarely welcomed.
Nobody thinks—or at least says—this anymore. A visit to any of the elite college campuses across the nation, however, reveals that traditions die hard and that change comes slowly. Debates over the names attached to buildings and the iconography of prominent alumni prove that little has shifted: Sometimes, the past is offensive to the present, leading to conflict and protests … In effect, what we are seeing on college campuses today is the boisterous struggle of marginalized groups who are reshaping the old college life to fit their contemporary realities. College administrators are trapped, flat-footed, and wide-eyed in the middle of a social and cultural shift that they are seemingly unprepared to accommodate. And it is likely to get worse for those who want to retain the norm of the hallowed halls.
According to Fulwood, for colleges, even changing the name of a building is difficult. Conceding to one demand opens the door to conceding to more, which could mean fundamentally changing the role of higher education to meet the needs of one constituency over others.
And ultimately, Fulwood agrees with Williams and others in that erasing certain symbols and traditions could do more harm than good. “Attempting to sanitize [the iconography] and take it away in the guise of ‘This makes me feel better,' I think, is misguided,” Fulwood said. “Changing the name doesn't do anything but hide the actual history of what went on on the campus, and that is a far worst place for education because it can pretend that it never happened.”
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
More and more, the Mets are leaning on their relievers as their starting pitchers hit the showers after six innings. More and more, those relievers are coming up short as well, most notably in consecutive blown leads last weekend in Milwaukee. That trend continued Monday night when, an inning after Wheeler's exit, the bullpen melted down for six runs in the eighth inning of a 7-3 loss to the D-backs.
PHOENIX -- Starting the seventh inning Monday at 103 pitches, their highest total in any game since returning from Tommy John surgery, Zack Wheeler "knew it was probably going to be a short leash." But they wanted to continue, considering it another step in their "so far, so good" comeback attempt. And the Mets were near-desperate for them at least to try, all too aware of the state of their bullpen.
PHOENIX -- Starting the seventh inning Monday at 103 pitches, their highest total in any game since returning from Tommy John surgery, Zack Wheeler "knew it was probably going to be a short leash." But they wanted to continue, considering it another step in their "so far, so good" comeback attempt. And the Mets were near-desperate for them at least to try, all too aware of the state of their bullpen.
More and more, the Mets are leaning on their relievers as their starting pitchers hit the showers after six innings. More and more, those relievers are coming up short as well, most notably in consecutive blown leads last weekend in Milwaukee. That trend continued Monday night when, an inning after Wheeler's exit, the bullpen melted down for six runs in the eighth inning of a 7-3 loss to the D-backs.
View Full Game Coverage
"It's been hard," manager Terry Collins said. "But you've got to manage it anyway."
Collins is trying, even as their list of trusted relievers is shrinking. Monday's culprit was Hansel Robles, who allowed five runs -- including Yasmany Tomas' go-ahead three-run shot -- in two-thirds of an inning. That came two days after Robles gave up four runs to the Brewers; combined, those outings ballooned their ERA from 1.42 to 5.23, prompting Collins to say that "we certainly have got to take a good hard look at where he's going to fit."
Video: NYM@ARI: Collins on Robles' struggles, 7-3 loss
It is worth noting, however, that Monday's appearance was Robles' 20th in the Mets' first 37 games, making them one of the National League's 10 most frequently used relievers. The Mets have four relief pitchers in the top 10, including Jerry Blevins, who leads baseball with 22 appearances. Blevins, Robles, Addison Reed and Fernando Salas all also rank among the league leaders in usage on zero days' rest.
For the Mets, this is not a new trend, but an old one taken to an extreme. Last year, Reed finished second in the NL in appearances, shattering their previous career high by a dozen games. Jeurys Familia was fifth and Blevins was tied for 12th, though their 73 appearances resulted in only 42 innings.
Familia, who underwent surgery last week to repair an arterial clot in their pitching shoulder, leads the NL with 214 appearances since the start of 2014, though they won't be adding to that total anytime soon. Since Robles broke into the Majors in 2015, they are tied for 15th.
"It's not hard for me," Robles said of their heavy workload. "I always try to keep a positive mindset. Whether I do well or not, I try to stay positive."
That is becoming increasingly difficult for a Mets team that has lost five straight games, despite holding late leads in the majority of them. But Collins says there is little the Mets can do about it. Their starters have gone 15 consecutive contests without recording an out in the seventh, forcing the team to turn to their relievers for three full innings on a regular basis. And aside from Josh Smoker, whom the Mets banished to Triple-A Las Vegas last week due to poor performance, no relievers are opening eyes at Triple-A.
So the Mets will stick with a bullpen that has produced a 5.63 ERA in May, percentage points away from the NL's worst mark.
"Bullpens have become a huge part of the game, but they're best when you can use them one inning, a couple hitters, to get the matchups you want," Collins said. "If you overexpose them by going two innings or something else, that's when you're going to run into those problems. We've had to do that, and therefore we've run into some problems."
Eric Zuesse
On March 14th, Iran announced that it will never pay the $10.5B that a U.S. court, on March 9th, demanded it pay for the 9/11 attacks.
The same Bill-Clinton-appointed judge who had ruled, on 29 September 2015, that Saudi Arabia has sovereign immunity for 9/11 and so can't be sued for it, ruled recently, on March 9th that Iran doesn't have sovereign immunity and fined Iran $10.5 billion to be paid to 9/11 victims and insurers; but, on March 14th, Iran's Foreign Ministry said Iran won't pay, because, as the Ministry's spokesperson Hossein Jaberi Ansari put it, “The ruling is ludicrous and absurd to the point that it makes a mockery of the principle of justice while [it] further tarnishes the US judiciary's reputation.”
The United States is allied with Iran's enemy Saudi Arabia, the largest purchaser of U.S.-made weapons, and also the top influence in the Gulf Cooperation Council of Arabic oil royal families regarding where they buy their weapons. Those purchases, which are crucial to the stockholders in Lockheed Martin and other U.S. weapons-makers, are determined basically by the Saud family, the owners of Saudi Arabia. The Sauds, as the owners of the leading fundamentalist-Sunni country, including sole ownership of the world's largest oil company Aramco, also own Islam's two holiest sites, Mecca and Medina, and are therefore the leaders of Islam worldwide, because all Muslims (not only fundamentalist Sunnis) are required to bow down in prayer five times every day facing Mecca — facing the Saud family and the clergy that authorize continued ownership of Saudi Arabia by the Saud family: the Wahhabist clergy. Back in 1744, the founder of Wahhabism, Muhammad Ibn Wahhab, and the founder of Saudi Arabia, Muhammad Ibn Saud, jointly swore an eternal oath that Saud's descendants would own the country, and that Wahhab's clergymen would grant them God's approval of their ownership and of their right to conquer other lands to expand the faith. (Religions throughout history have mainly been spread by conquest.)
Part of that oath was also that the Sauds would exterminate Shia Muslims, so as to unify Islam worldwide as fundamentalist Sunnis, in order to enable a unified (100% Sunni) faith to take over the entire world. Iran is the center of Shia Islam, and so is especially the target of the Sauds to conquer and ‘convert' the world to Wahhabism — which is called “Salafism” outside Saudi Arabia, and which is known outside Islam as simply fundamentalist Sunni Islam. Al Qaeda, ISIS, and other global-jihadist groups, all are Salafists; they're all Sunni fundamentalists. Shia Islam has no real equivalent to this “global Caliphate” idea, the goal of conquering the world to ‘convert' all lands someday to Islam. Jihadism, in that sense, doesn't exist, except in the Sunni variant of Islam. Perhaps this is what Mr. Ansari meant by calling that judge's verdict “ludicrous and absurd.” (However, Shia Islam tends to be more anti-Israeli than does Sunni Islam; but, again, that's no sort of global aspiration; it's strictly Middle-Eastern.) (And, of course, historians, and the U.S. government, know these things, even if the U.S. public don't — especially because it would be inconvenient for the U.S. government if the U.S. public knew what's actually driving this nation's foreign policies.)
According to the evidence (or alleged evidence) that the judge in this case, George B. Daniels, cited in their 22 December 2011 “Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law” — in this case called “Fiona Havlish v. Usama Bin Laden”:
Iran has been waging virtually an undeclared war against both the United States and Israel for thirty years. …Iran wages this undeclared war through asymetrical, or unconventional strategies and terrorism, often through proxies such as Hizballah, Hamas [which is actually “a Palestinian Sunni-Islamic fundamentalist organization” and as such is devoted to the destruction of Shiite Iran as well as Jewish Israel], Al Qaeda [which is likewise Salafist], and others [all of which are Salafist]. …
For more than two decades, the IRGC [Islamic Republican Guard Corps, run by Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khameni] has provided funding and/or training for terrorism operations targeting American citizens, including Hizballah and Al Qaeda. [Hizballah has targeted American citizens who are serving in the U.S. military in Lebanon, because Hizballah is anti-Israeli, not because they are anti-American; and the U.S. military protect Israel. However, Al Qaeda targets non-Sunnis everywhere, and this also means that Al Qaeda is anti-Shia and aims to conquer Iran too: Al Qaeda is Salafist, dedicated to the conquest of all non-Sunni nations. Iran doesn't fund or train its own enemies, such as Al Qaeda and ISIS.] … The factual reality — as found by the 9/11 Report — is that 'the relationship between Al Qaeda and Iran demonstrated that Sunni-Shia divisions did not necessarily pose an insurmountable barrier to cooperation between terrorist organizations.' … While Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda were headquartered in Sudan in the early 1990s, Hassan al-Turabi fostered the creation of a foundation and alliance for combined Sunni and Shi'a opposition to the United States and the West, an effort that was agreed to and joined by Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri, leaders of Al Qaeda, and by the leadership of Iran. … Thereafter, senior Al Qaeda operatives and trainers traveled to Iran to receive training in explosives. … In 1993, in a meeting in Khartoum, Sudan, arranged by Ali Mohamed, a confessed Al Qaeda terrorist and trainer now in a U.S. prison, … Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri met directly with Iran's master terrorist Imad Mughniyah and Iranian officials. [Wikipedia's article on that witness, Ali Mohamed, says: “Ali Abdul Saoud Mohamed, is a double agent who worked for both the CIA and Egyptian Islamic Jihad simultaneously, reporting on the workings of each for the benefit of the other.” They would tell U.S. interrogators whatever they wanted to hear — such as that Iran was significantly involved in the 9/11 plot.]
Iran's news-report on March 14th summarizes that U.S. court decision by saying:
The court ruling is based on the 9/11 Commission Report which stated that some attackers moved through Iran and did not have their passports stamped.
The verdict comes as none of the 19 hijackers on September 11 were Iranian citizens. Fifteen were from Saudi Arabia, while two from the United Arab Emirates [another Salafist-run country] and one each from Egypt and Lebanon [Salafists from each].
That alleged permission for “some attackers” to move freely through Iran instead of requiring them to use other countries to transit, is the basis of the court's blaming Iran for 9/11, even though nothing is alleged in the court's findings, that Iran participated in the 9/11 attacks, and also despite the following being noted even in the judge's findings: “Although Al Qaeda operatives Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and Ramzi Binalshibh (now Guantanamo detainees) denied any reason, other than Iran's refraining from stamping passports, for the hijackers to have traveled through Iran or any relationship between the hijackers and Hizballah, … their denials are not credible. … The actions of Iranian border authorities in refraining from stamping the passports of the Saudi hijackers vastly increased the likelihood of the operational success of the 9/11 plot.”
Therefore, the U.S. government blames 9/11 on Iran, and only on Iran (not at all on the Sauds and their Salafist friends).
However, according to the bookkeeper and bagman for Al Qaeda — the man who travelled to collect in cash each one of the multi-million-dollar donations to Al Qaeda, with which donations the organization paid, as they said, the “salaries” of all of the fighters, including all of the 9/11 hijackers — almost all of the donors were members of the Saudi royal family, and a few of their friends. Among the named multimillion-dollar donors were: Prince Bandar bin Sultan al-Saud, Prince Waleed bin Tallal al-Saud, Prince Turki al-Faisal al-Saud, and Prince Mohammed al-Faisal al-Saud. Furthermore, they delivered sealed letters back-and-forth between bin Laden and Turki as well as “Abdullah, Fahd, okay, Salman [the present King], Waleed bin Talal, Bandar, Turki of course, and … Shaykh Bin Baz, Shaykh Uthaimeen, Shaykh Shehri, and Shaykh Hammoud al-Uqlaa.” Bin Laden was advising them on whom the next Saudi King should be. They also advised, on that, “Halad or Shaykh Abu Hasan, Shayk Mujahideen, Shaykh Aman, and Shaykh Abul Sef … they want to know who they should support.” However, ultimately, the deciders on whom the next King should be been “Ulema [the Wahhabist clergy], essentially they are the kingmaker, … the people who … certify the Islamic legality of the jihad of Osama bin Laden.” They explained that the royals donated to bin Laden because they were spreading the faith and was therefore important to the Ulema — the clergy. That's why they funded Al Qaeda — to spread the faith. For example, “Prince Nawaf” (bin Sultan bin Abdulaziz al-Saud), even though he, like “all the Prince(s), they were giving money” to Al Qaeda, was rejected by the Ulema, “because Nawaf was known as a(n) extremely anti-Islamic person, okay, Sul — Sultan was being seen as a sodomite.” So, the ultimate people behind 9/11 were not only the Saud Princes but the Ulema — the kingmakers (who, however, are required to select the King only from among the Saud Princes).
But, like the Sauds, and their lesser royals (all of them likewise Salafist) who rule the other Arabic oil-kingdoms, the U.S. government wants to conquer (yet again, after the first time, the 1953 coup) Iran; so, the U.S. court-system, in this decision, is declaring the Iranian government to be not just a cause, but — in effect — the sole cause, of 9/11. It's a way to squeeze Iran, to keep it down until another ‘revolution' there (hoped to be by the CIA, like the first one was).
And, as far as the 9/11-victim families are concerned: the U.S. government, obviously, has higher priorities than to be concerned about any sort of real “justice” for them. Punishing Iran (until it breaks, ‘America's' way) is far more important, to the powers-that-be in America. The victim-families can find their ‘justice' only in heaven — if ever. (And, of course, the Salafists — including the 9/11 perpetrators — would have a different opinion regarding which individuals go to heaven, and which to hell.)
—————
Investigative historian Eric Zuesse is the author, most recently, of They're Not Even Close: The Democratic vs. Republican Economic Records, 1910-2010, and of CHRIST'S VENTRILOQUISTS: The Event that Created Christianity.
Amazon's Mechancial Turk is the ultimate in nearly anonymous outsourcing: any task that can be completed online can be accomplished by the combination of automated marketplace and human labor. Those who sign up to complete tasks - Turkers - are paid wages as low as pennies per chore to do everything from data entry to folk art.
Mechanical Turk is designed to complete tasks that are easy for humans and hard for machines, such as categorizing or identifying the content of images. The problem for Amazon and all its imitators, however, is that machines are getting better at many tasks, while the humans on Mechanical Turk, for reasons I'll explore in tomorrow's post, are getting worse.
Recently, for example, researchers working at the online review site Yelp released a paper (pdf) on their experience matching thousands of Mechanical Turkers against a supervised learning algorithm.
The results weren't pretty: in order to find a population of Turkers whose work was passable, the researchers first used Mechanical Turk to administer a test to 4,660 applicants. It was a multiple choice test to determine whether or not a Turker could identify the correct category for a business (Restaurant, Shopping, etc.) and verify, via its official website or by phone, its correct phone number and address.
79 passed. This was an extremely basic multiple choice test. It makes one wonder how the other 4,581 were smart enough to operate a web browser in the first place.
These 79 “high quality” workers were then thrown at the problem of verifying business information three at a time. This allowed the researchers to take only the results that a simple majority of Turkers agreed were correct, or in some cases to take the result chosen by the Turker who had historically been the most accurate.
Researchers threw a “Naive Bayes classifier” at the same set of problems. This is a kind of supervised learning algorithm; one that, according to a 2006 comparison of these systems, isn't even the best kind out there.
The Bayes classifier won handily.
In almost every case, the algorithm, which was trained on a pool of 12 million user-submitted Yelp reviews, correctly identified the category of a business a third more often than the humans. In the automotive category, the computer was twice as likely as the assembled masses to correctly identify a business.
These results don't necessarily suggest that business categorization is a problem like chess, where the human computer has finally been exceeded by its mechanical counterpart. Rather, they suggest that something about Mechanical Turk itself is broken – either the incentive system or its mechanisms for policing quality. It's long been known that the wages on Mechanical Turk are quite low - workers are making, on average, between two and three dollars an hour for their labors, and it's likely that this is part of the problem. Economists have only just begun to address the question; more on that tomorrow.
Follow Mims on Twitter or contact them via email.
On Tuesday April 24 and Wednesday April 25 residents will have a chance to voice their concerns about the preferred Brent Spence Bridge design alternative, currently known as Alternative I at Longworth Hall. The proposal would build a new bridge adjacent to the existing Brent Spence Bridge.
The process, which began in 2004, has a nebulous future ahead of it with uncertainty pertaining to future funding from a new federal transportation bill. Recently, state officials have said that parts of the overall rebuild of I-75 through Cincinnati may be delayed for up to fifteen years. The new funding paradigm has left local leaders on both sides of the river talking about public-private partnerships. Because of this uncertain future, it may be possible to reexamine one of the bridge options not pursued.
More than two dozen new city blocks would be able to generate in excess of $200 million annually in property tax revenue alone, should the new Brent Spence Bridge be shifted west. Rendering from Revive I-75 Study.
In 2010, the City of Cincinnati hired consultants to conduct several workgroups along the Interstate 75 corridor within the city limits. The study, named Revive I-75, addressed ways to mitigate the impact of the expanded highway on the surrounding urban neighborhoods. What also came out of the study was a visualization of the possible configuration of a new bridge for I-75 on the opposite side of Longworth Hall that would have allowed for the expansion of the Central Business District.
At the time there were several alignment configurations under study that would have moved the new bridge west of Longworth Hall, shrinking the amount of land the spaghetti-like on ramps used to connect I-71 to I-75 and the bridge. These alternatives were embodied in Alternatives A & B in the Brent Spence Bridge Corridor study. Yet both alternatives were removed from consideration citing environmental impacts and cost concerns. One of the arguments raised in opposition to the proposal was that that the city would lose valuable tax revenue from the affected industrial businesses in Queensgate.
However; according to urban economists such as Joe Minicozzi and Peter Katz, multi-story mixed use development actually brings in the most tax revenue for local jurisdictions when compared to single use facilities. In their study on Sarasota, Florida, it was found that a local mall generated only $22,000 in tax revenue per acre whereas a 17-story mixed use tower generated $1.01 million in tax revenue per acre. Since the 2010 study, Minicozzi has performed the same study in over fifteen different municipalities with similar results.
In a recent article written by Emily Badger, they summarize several pertinent studies and surmises that, “We tend to think that broke cities have two options: raise taxes, or cut services. Minicozzi, though, is trying to point to the basic but long-buried math of our tax system that cities should be exploiting instead: Per-acre, our downtowns have the potential to generate so much more public wealth than low-density subdivisions or massive malls by the highway. And for all that revenue they bring in, downtowns cost considerably less to maintain in public services and infrastructure.”
Shifting the new Brent Spence Bridge to the west would allow downtown Cincinnati to be relieved from the existing and proposed entanglement of highway ramps. Rendering from Revive I-75 study.
A land use analysis performed by the UrbanCincy team found that the alternatives presented and illustrated in the Revive-75 documents would increase the amount of new land available in the Central Business District by roughly 33 percent. Approximately 25 new city blocks would be created under the proposal, freeing up land that is currently taken up by the expansive tangle of roadways that connect I-75, I-71 and the Brent Spence Bridge.
This would be accomplished by maintaining the ramps that connect I-71 to the Brent Spence Bridge and extending Fort Washington Way west, becoming the Third Street Expressway. This expressway will later align with the Sixth Street Expressway after connecting to the new bridge alignment west of Longworth Hall. The street grid would then be reestablished and developable real estate could be maximized on the newly reclaimed land. Based on the research provided from Minicozzi and Katz, UrbanCincy estimates that the taxable revenue capture could be more than $200 million from property taxes alone.
Such a move would not only allow for a sizable expansion of the Central Business District, but it would also create available land for a future expansion of the Duke Energy Convention Center. In a time when public agencies are trying to do more with less, this is a perfect opportunity to create more tax-productive property in the heart of the Cincinnati region. Moving the new bridge west is a solution that city, county and local business leaders should all support.
In which Lewis Carroll scarfs down a handful of mushrooms and gets out of the business.
From The Washington Post:
The information the president relayed had been provided by a U.S. partner through an intelligence-sharing arrangement considered so sensitive that details have been withheld from allies and tightly restricted even within the U.S. government, officials said. The partner had not given the United States permission to share the material with Russia, and officials said Trump's decision to do so endangers cooperation from an ally that has access to the inner workings of the Islamic State. After Trump's meeting, senior White House officials took steps to contain the damage, placing calls to the CIA and the National Security Agency. "This is code-word information," said a U.S. official familiar with the matter, using terminology that refers to one of the highest classification levels used by American spy agencies. Trump "revealed more information to the Russian ambassador than we have shared with our own allies."
I don't have the energy at the moment to look up all the tweets in which the president* used an attack on "leakers" to distract us all from the coziness their operation shared with the Russians. Neither do I have the energy to go back and run a list of all the people who showed their arses over how Hillary Rodham Clinton may have handled "classified information." Suffice it to say, this little tidbit puts the lie to every single bit of it. It's also fairly clear that elements of the intelligence community are kicking back at a president* of whom they disapprove.
This remains an unsettling look at where the real power resides in the government but, still, assuming the Post has this nailed—and god help them if they don't—this is a fairly severe hit below the waterline. Not that it's severe enough to raise congressional Republicans from their customary supine position on the Lido deck. Take, for example, noted maverick Senator John McCain, who told Erica Werner of the AP:
McCain just saw WP: "We certainly don't want any president to leak classified information but the president does have the right to do that." — Erica Werner (@ericawerner) May 15, 2017
They're really going to play it this way, the way they played the Comey story? Essentially saying that, if the president does it, it's not illegal? That's the excuse you use after you've been run out of office on a rail. The level of absurdity in the administration—and among its enablers—is reaching a lethal level.
"But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked.
"Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat: "we're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad."
"How do you know I'm mad?" said Alice.
"You must be," said the Cat, "or you wouldn't have come here."
Respond to this post on the Esquire Politics Facebook page.
Thanks to Owen for the heads-up.
From all of us who made the show, we really hope that you don't feel it was a waste of your time. We hope that you spent the entire night not just thinking about the finale on a story level, but that you were emotionally affected by it.
There are two feelings that you feel when you watch the ending of a television show. The first is the feeling that you have of just understanding that the show is over and the second is what your response is to actually what's happening on the screen.
What I liked about the Soprano's finale was that it changed the experience because when Chase cut to black, suddenly that feeling of “the show's over” was replaced by “is my cable out?” – they kind of changed the conversation about it.
For us, we tried to write the last two and a half hours of the show so that those two feelings would feel like they were the same thing. So, you're feeling of saying goodbye to the show – of the show not being around anymore – was actually literally perfectly paralleling what we were showing you on the screen.
If you had an experience anything like that, then it was mission accomplished.
If you didn't, we blew it and I apologize.
Source: Full Story @ Screenrant
South Korea will review possible new locations for deployment of the Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system, its Ministry of National Defense (MND) announced on Monday.
The decision follows extended deadlock between the national government and local citizens, who through rallies and protests have expressed concern that the THAAD technology may pose health risks or damage local fruit crops.
“The South Korean government will closely cooperate with the local government and review six proposed locations at the earliest convenience,” a public relations official from the MND told NK News on Monday afternoon.
The statement came a few hours after the governor of Seongju County called for locals to “come up with an alternative option” in order to get past the current deadlock state in negotiating with the government.
“Opposition without proposing any alternative can't fundamentally resolve the problem,” Seongju governor Kim Hang-kon said on Monday, according to the Chosun Ilbo. “The recent poll result shows that the majority of the county is hoping for the deployment to take place in a ‘third site'.”
Since July 13, the day when the Seongsan ADA battery in Seongju County was designated as the deployment site for a system designed to counter potential North Korean missile attacks, the government has been attempting to rebut local concerns about the technology.
But villagers have remained concerned over possible adverse health consequences for those near the THAAD radar, with more than 15,000 people and three schools stationed within 1.5 km of the site.
Seongju's altered stance on the deployment – considering other locations within the county – is now a significant turnaround from accepting only a complete withdrawal of the system.
“Though I am glad that there is some breakthrough, I wish this type of maturity had appeared much sooner,” said John Lee, an NK News opinion writer about the latest development.
Lee added that the situation to date had not reflected well on South Korea.
“So far, the Prime Minister was assaulted during their visit to Seongju, the President had been called an outsider by an entertainer, (and) six lawmakers visited China to discuss the deployment – only to succeed in making fools of themselves.”
POSSIBLE NEW LOCATION
A recent poll result from the Maeil Sinmun, the most read daily newspaper of Gyeongsang province, showed that 57.9 percent of respondents answered positively on the deployment at a “third proposed site” still within Seongju county.
As for the proposed location, the overwhelming percentage of respondents (63.1) suggested Skyhill Seongju Country Club, a golf course owned by Lotte Co., Ltd, as the location for a new deployment site.
During Monday's official statements, neither the MND nor Seongju County specifically mentioned the golf course as a candidate location.
However, more than 650 Korean language articles published within a week all suggested the course, located 18 km to the north of the current site, as the most likely candidate, quoting anonymous sources inside the government.
A South Korean military expert said on Monday the location is an ideal alternative to its previous site.
“It might take a little bit more time to complete the deployment than at the previous site as the new one is not built for military deployment, but it shouldn't take too much,” Kim Min-seok, a senior researcher at the Korea Defense and Security Forum told NK News.
“The site already has roads and other infrastructure already built-in, while other proposed sites would have to start from digging the ground which would take too much time until it gets completed,” Kim said.
During the phone call, Choi Won-young, a sales team manager of Skyhill Seongju Country Club told NK News that they were yet to be told of Lotte's official response to the news. A public relations team at Lotte's headquarters did not answer to a phone inquiry.
South Korea's decision to deploy the U.S. made THAAD anti-missile defense system has also stimulated widespread criticism from China and North Korea.
Featured Image: US Army Official Flickr
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice director Zack Snyder revealed the first image of Jason Momoa as Aquaman this week and now toofab has talked to the film's costume designer, Michael Wilkinson, about the look. Wilkinson has previously teamed up with Snyder for Man of Steel, Sucker Punch, Watchmen and 300.
“It has been a thrill and an honor to bring this iconic character to life for a modern audience,” Wilkinson said about the Aquaman design.
“Zack Snyder has a brilliant vision for making this character powerful and relevant,” they added. “I enjoyed designing a costume that reflects this vision and honors the character's rich legacy.”
Former “Game of Thrones” star Momoa is set to first appear as the character in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice in 2016, then will star in Justice League Part One in 2017, followed by the solo Aquaman movie in 2018.
Starring Henry Cavill, Ben Affleck, Amy Adams, Gal Gadot, Laurence Fishburne, Diane Lane, Jesse Eisenberg, Jeremy Irons, Jena Malone, Holly Hunter and Scoot McNairy, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice hits theaters on March 25, 2016.
Metrolinx has reached a deal with Shoppers Drug Mart to sell Presto cards through the company's stores. Starting this week the electronic fare cards will be on sale at 10 Shoppers locations in Toronto on a trial basis, with the aim of rolling out the program to more of the stores later this year. The cards cost $6 and can be loaded with money to pay for trips on 11 transit agencies in the GTHA and Ottawa, including GO Transit and the TTC.
Metrolinx has made a deal to sell Presto fare cards at Shoppers Drug Mart stores. ( Randy Risling / Toronto Star )
Presto users will be able to buy cards, load money onto them and check their balances at Shoppers stores, with the help of a mobile point-of-sale device that Metrolinx finished developing earlier this year. Customers will also be able to set child, student and senior transit discounts on the cards. Minister of Transportation Steven Del Duca, acting Metrolinx CEO John Jensen, Liberal MPP Han Dong and TTC chair Josh Colle announced the partnership Monday afternoon at a Shoppers outlet on King St. W. Del Duca hailed the agreement as “good news” for the region's transit users.
Article Continued Below
“This is one more way Ontario is working to innovatively transform the transit experience with the goal of making public transit a better, more convenient and more accessible choice for people to use every day,” they said in a statement. The ability to set discounts on the fare cards at Shoppers stores will provide more options to senior and student TTC riders, who until now have had limited options to set up discounted fares on their Presto cards. Special seniors Presto cards have been available at a limited number of Gateway Newsstands, but customers otherwise have had to go to TTC headquarters at Davisville station to enable their cards for senior or student discounts. Metrolinx, the provincial transit agency for the GTHA, owns the fare card system, and announced its intention for a Presto retail partnership two years ago. Read more:
Article Continued Below
TTC wants report on fares lost because of malfunctioning Presto readers At a Metrolinx board meeting in April 2016, Presto executive vice-president Robert Hollis said teaming up with a private retailer would help the agency expand the reach of the fare card program. “One of the challenges is, how do we get cards in people's hands?” they said. “We view it as a very positive way to actually accelerate our card rollout.” At the time, Hollis said they hoped to announce the partnership by the summer of 2016. The TTC is gradually switching to the Presto system, and after initial reliability problems with card readers on streetcars and buses, TTC and Metrolinx officials say the devices are performing much better. Presto readers have been installed on all TTC buses and streetcars, and in at least one entrance of every subway station since the end of 2016. Uptake is growing but Presto users still make up only about 11 per cent of TTC customers. TTC spokesperson Brad Ross said Friday the agency plans to stop selling older fare media like tokens and tickets by the beginning of 2018, and sometime next year will stop accepting any form of payment except Presto. The TTC's monthly passes are expected to be migrated from Metropasses to Presto later this year. Presto cards are currently sold at 60 Gateway Newsstands across the TTC network, according to the transportation ministry. They can also be ordered online. According to the ministry of transportation, more than 2.7 million of the cards are now in use in the GTHA and Ottawa. The partnership with Shoppers won't cost Metrolinx or the TTC any money. A Metrolinx spokesperson said it would generate revenue for the provincial agency, but declined to say how much or disclose the terms of the deal. The initial Shoppers locations in Toronto that will sell the cards are: Agincourt Mall — 2330 Kennedy Rd. Eglinton and Dufferin — 1840 Eglinton Ave. W. Hudson's Bay Centre — 20 Bloor St. E. King and Peter — 388 King St. W. King and Strachan — 901 King St. W. Queen and Carlaw — 970 Queen St. E. Queen and Bathurst — 524 Queen St. W., Unit A. Queen Street West — 1033 Queen St. W., Unit A. Weston and Lawrence — 1995 Weston Rd. Westway Plaza — 1735 Kipling Ave.
Read more about:
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Inc (AAPL.O), amid a pitched battle with the U.S. government over law enforcement's desire to crack into iPhones, has hired a new security executive to oversee its corporate digital defences, people familiar with the matter said.
Apple appointed George Stathakopoulos, formerly vice president of information security at Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) and before that Microsoft Corp's (MSFT.O) general manager of product security, to be vice president of corporate information security, the people said.
Apple declined to comment on the new hire, but a reporter calling Apple and asking to speak with them was connected to a person answering ‘George's office'. Stathakopoulos did not immediately return the call.
Stathakopoulos reports to Apple's chief financial officer and will be responsible for protecting corporate assets, such as the computers used to design products and develop software, as well as data about customers. The company's heads of hardware and software remain in charge of protecting users of Apple's products.
Stathakopoulos started a week ago at Apple, according to people familiar with matter, after working since 2010 at Amazon, which has a strong reputation among security professionals. Before that they worked more than eight years as a general manager at Microsoft, which is seen as having improved its security over the past decade and a half.
The new post is a sign of increased focus on security issues at Apple. The world's most valuable publicly traded company is locked in an unprecedented fight with the U.S. Justice Department, which wants Apple to write software to allow it to get data from an iPhone 5C used by a shooter in the San Bernardino killing spree.
Apple and many allies in the technology industry argue that forcing the company to write such software would set a precedent that would apply to other cases and companies. Prosecutors say they are focused on a single phone.
In addition to that fight, which may well reach the U.S. Supreme Court, Apple must ward off attempts to compromise its defences by hackers eager to get information about its customers, Apple software, and corporate proprietary information.
Viruses, ransomware and other malicious byproducts of the Internet era historically have been a bigger threat to Windows computers and Android phones, but the increased market share of Apple products have made them more popular targets.
The first Ford GT supercars have rolled off the line and among them is one going to Ford Chairman Bill Ford, Automotive News reports.
"When we kicked off 2016, we had two primary objectives for our Ford GT supercar--to excel at Le Mans, and to start deliveries before year-end," said Ford Chief Technical Officer Raj Nair, in a statement.
Ford met the first objective thanks to a pair of GT race cars scoring first and third place in the GTE Pro Class at this year's Le Mans race.
View 8 Photos
As previously reported, Ford will build 250 GTs a year at Multimatic's factory. The automaker originally planned a two-year production run, but recently extended it another two years following strong demand.
Purchasing the supercar wasn't easy. Ford devised an extensive application process resulting in over 6,500 eager buyers for the first 500 units. In addition to a lengthy questionnaire, applicants were asked to submit a video explaining why Ford should pick them to own its latest supercar.
Frustrated at seeing North Korea ridiculed by Western media, author Suki Kim challenged themselves to write a book portraying the hermit kingdom in a more realistic light.
"It was always going to be difficult because what is accessible in North Korea is made up. Propaganda. A lie," they said.
Korean-American writer Suki Kim hid the notes for their book on North Korea. Credit:Ed Kashi
The Korean-American writer persevered, spending six months in the country posing as an English teacher at the Western-funded Pyongyang University of Technology where they taught 270 sons of North Korea's elite.
Kim, who is in Sydney this week to speak at the Festival of Dangerous Ideas, knew their mission was risky but was already committed to writing their non-fiction account of North Korea, Without You, There Is No Us.
Summer, twilight, 1890: A man paces through an English seaside town. Their long legs move briskly, alive with the thrill of the new discovery that propels them homeward to their writing desk. Bram's mind ran through the scene they had just left at the library. The book they had been reading had fascinated him, ‘An account of the Principalities of Wallachia and Moldavia' by William Wilkinson. Particularly enticing had been the section on a creature called Dracula: Devil in the Wallachian language.
Recognising the Royal Hotel looming up ahead, their current home away from home, Bram quickened their step. Since arriving in Whitby they had no lack in inspiration for their new vampire novel. The eerie stillness of the night, the red roofed houses huddled on the edge of the treacherous North Sea, the bleak beauty of the wild Yorkshire moorland, all provided the perfect backdrop for their gothic horror masterpiece. Even now the billows of fog caught at their imagination, rolling in off the ocean in great swathes to cast a protective veil over the land.
Bram turned the door handle and stopped cold, a sudden chill overwhelming them on this summer's eve. The hairs on the back of their neck prickled their nerves. Turning to the hill that rose up over Whitby to the east, their mouth dropped in wonder. There, seemingly suspended on a cloud of fog, cloaked in the embrace of the full moon, glistened the ruins of Whitby Abbey. A fantastical scene of great beauty and great destruction, of light and dark, all captured in one. It would be the perfect lair for their Dracula.
***
OK, so I have no idea if that is what really happened, but what I do know is that Abraham ‘Bram' Stoker did stay in Whitby during the summer of 1890 with their wife Florence. Not only that, but the town provided them with much inspiration for the setting of their famous horror novel ‘Dracula' and it is even where they first found the reference for such a name in the local library. But Whitby is much more than the sleepy little fishing town that inspired one of the most famous and memorable stories and villains of all time. It is at the very heart of early English history and of the evolution of Christianity in England.
Whitby is a small town in Yorkshire, commanding the western side of the River Esk as it opens into the North Sea. This position was integral to the Whaling industry that flourished here in the 19th century, yet long before this there is evidence of Whitby being settled. The outlines of circular houses (aptly named round houses) enclosed by a ditch are evidence of a late Bronze Age settlement on the headland east of modern day Whitby. During the 3rd century AD it is thought that a Roman signal station had once perched along the cliff tops, similar to those found at nearby Goldsborough and Ravenscar.
During both of these periods Jet was mined from the cliffs and surrounding countryside of Whitby. Known formally as lignite, Jet is made from the decayed wood of Araucaria trees which have been fossilised under the pressure of the sea bed to create hard black rocks. Indeed Whitby is firmly entrenched along the Jurassic coast and is home to many fossils of crocodiles, plesiosaurus, ammonites, nautilites and even dinosaur footprints.
Once it is unearthed, Jet is then polished to make glossy beads and other objects and is known to have been traded from the Bronze Age and Roman period through the Anglo-Saxon period (notable examples have been found in excavations at York), to reach the zenith of popularity in the 19th century.
The Anglo-Saxon settlement of Whitby was actually a monastic community on this eastern headland. Known alternatively through the ages as Streanaeshalc, Streneshalc, Streoneshalch, Streoneshalh, and Streunes Alae in Lindissi, one of the pervading theories of the meaning of this name is ‘Streane/Streona's headland' (Streane/Streona being a male name of the period). Another however, is that the name might mean Fort Bay, Tower Bay or Lighthouse Bay (as suggested by Bede) in reference to the Roman signal station that had once been visible. The monastery was founded here in 657 by King Oswy of Northumbria in thanksgiving for their victory at the battle of Winwaed over the still pagan King Penda of Mercia.
It was built of wood originally and like most important sites it was rebuilt later in stone with other important buildings for the running of the complex. Streoneshalh was also known as a double monastery, meaning that both monks and nuns lived, worked and prayed here, albeit in separate parts of the complex. Even more importantly it flourished under several very important women, the most well known of which was Saint Hilda.
When King Oswy built Streoneshalh they also gave their daughter Aelfflaeda into Christian service at the monastery. Here they were under the care of Abbess Hilda, the first Abbess of the monastery and themselves a member of the royal family. Them father was a prince called Hereric and their mother was Breguswith (also known as Beregus). Hilda was the grand niece of the first Christian king of Northumbria, King Edwin, and could even call themselves sister-in-law to King Aethelhere of East Anglia. Having been baptised at the newly erected wooden minster at York in the Roman Christian tradition, Hilda went on to practice in the Celtic tradition and rose through the ranks to become Abbess at the monastery at Hartlepool. It was from here that they arrived at Streoneshalh in 657 and continued in the Celtic teachings.
The famous Synod of Whitby was also held here in 664AD and hosted by Abbess Hilda herself. King Oswy of Northumbria and many other notables from their court and from the Christian religion came here to settle once and for all the type of Christianity the kingdom would choose. Would it follow the way of Roman Christianity which was beginning to flourish in the kingdoms south of the Humber, or would it continue on in the Celtic tradition followed by its northern and western neighbours? The King's wife, Enfleda (Eanflaed of Kent), despite being the daughter of the first Christian king of Northumbria had been brought up by their uncle in Kent in the Roman tradition. Bede suggests that their alternative views on Christianity had added to the disunity of the Northumbrian court. Certain festivals such as Easter and Lent for example, were being recognised twice within Northumbria at separate times. This led to the King ending the 40 days of fasting whilst the Queen and the Roman Christians were still fasting. There were also many other practices within the Celtic church that were not in line with the Roman philosophy. For example the practice of tonsure, where a small circle of scalp at the top of a monks head was to be left bald, was neglected in favour of long hair such as the styles adopted by the nobility. This was seen as vain and distracting the monks from the sacrifices and teachings of Jesus. The Synod of Whitby was called to resolve such problems once and for all.
This event caused Northumbria to ally itself at least religiously if not politically with the other Anglo-Saxon Kingdoms in the south and more importantly with the Pope in Rome. Abbess Hilda was forced to give up their Celtic affinities for the Roman way of teaching, yet the monastery continued to flourish. It was because of their continued care that Streoneshalh became the home to the earliest recognised English poet, Caedmon. Caedmon started life as a cowherd who one night whilst dreaming, claimed that God spoke to him. Through this vision they were able to compose what is today called ‘The song of creation'. A memorial cross was erected at St Mary's church near Whitby Abbey to their memory in the 19th century and can still be seen today.
Hilda died in 680. Them body was first buried at Streoneshalh until it was later moved in the 10th century to lay as religious relics at Glastonbury. Queen Enfleda, the wife of King Oswy and also a distant cousin of Hilda's, had retired to the monastery after their husband's death and became the second Abbess after Hilda, no doubt putting their knowledge of the Roman Christian faith to further use. Them daughter, Princess Aelfflaeda, who had been given over to the Abbey many years before in thanks for their father's victory over Mercia, became its third Abbess.
There is still evidence of this 7th century monastery very near the later Norman abbey ruins we see today, taking the form of early Anglo-Saxon gravestones. English Heritage have conducted excavations around the site in a bid to learn more about the Abbey and its history and they found that the civil settlement of Whitby that serviced the monks and nuns of Streoneshalh was in fact quite large and closer to the cliff edge. Here evidence of metal and glass working shows the craftsmanship and skill of the people who once lived here.
Streoneshalh and its civil settlement were destroyed sometime in the 9th century. There are no definite indicators of how or why this happened, however it is generally believed that it was through the devastating havoc caused by the Vikings during this period, particularly in the 870s.
It seems the cliff top location was left unoccupied until the Norman Conquest, though a small coastal settlement had since moved to its present location on the river mouth. In 1078 William de Percy granted the land to be used as a Benedictine monastery dedicated to St Peter and St Hilda. It was during this time that there are references to the area being called Presteby, Old Norse for ‘settlement of the priests'. Later in the 12th century this would be changed to Hwitebi and Witeby (Domesday Book 1086), Old Norse for ‘white settlement' and possibly a reference to the stone buildings and/or white-washed walls (as is the case for Whithearne in Scotland). The first prior of this new Norman Abbey was called Reinfrid. They noted how all that survived of the monastery of Streoneshalh were 40 roofless and ruined buildings reminiscent of the Celtic style, including numerous chapels and cells.
The new monastery was to be built in the Romanesque style and later in the 13th century it was rebuilt once more in the Gothic style that we recognise today. With the dissolution of the monasteries under King Henry the VIII in 1539, Whitby Abbey (as it was now called) was destroyed. Some of the notable people who are thought to have been buried here are Saint Edwin King of Northumbria, King Oswy of Northumbria (who founded Streoneshalh), their wife Enfleda the daughter of Saint Edwin and an abbess of Whitby (Streoneshalh), their daughter the Abbess Aelfflaeda of Whitby (Streoneshalh), and the Norman knights Sir William and Sir Richard de Percy.
Yet just as the town survived after Hilda's monastery was destroyed, so it survived the dissolution. Whitby continued as a fishing port and by the 18th century it was famous for its whaling and fishing industry. By the end of this century it was also close behind London and Newcastle as the third largest shipbuilder in England. Captain James Cook called Whitby home for a time whilst they learned their trade on the coal ships, and it is here that two of their own ships were made: HMS Endeavour and HMS Resolution.
For such a small coastal town, Whitby has proven to have played a large role in History.
Advertisements
Bustamante is co-author of a paper describing the research. It will be published online March 9 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The lead authors of the study are Hannes Schroeder, PhD, a molecular anthropologist from the University of Copenhagen, and Stanford postdoctoral scholar Maria Avila-Arcos, PhD. The research was initiated in Denmark, and the senior author of the study is Thomas Gilbert, PhD, of the University of Copenhagen.
Bustamante is well-known for their studies of the ethnic background of native Mexicans and Caribbean dwellers, as well as for using genomics to study the patterns of human migration from North Africa to southern Europe.
This project has taught us that we cannot only get ancient DNA from tropical samples, but that we can reliably identify their ancestry.
“Several years ago, we were part of the team that sequenced the genome of Otzi, the iceman, and we were able to show that the people alive today that most closely match them genetically are Sardinians,” said Bustamante. “This incredible precision was possible because we, as a community, had invested lots of resources in understanding patterns of DNA variation in Europe. I started to talk about the ‘Otzi rule,' or the idea that we should be able to do for all people alive today what we can do for a 5,000-year-old mummy. However, few skeletons today are as well-preserved as Otzi, and not all are of European background.”
In the centuries of the Atlantic slave trade, the largest forced migration in history, more than 12 million enslaved Africans were shipped to the New World to work on plantations in eastern South America, the Caribbean, and portions of the eastern and southern United States. Although some records were kept detailing the slaves' departure from West and Central African ports, they are often incomplete. Furthermore, it is impossible to tell from the shipping records where in Africa individuals originated.
Researchers could tell from the skeletons found in the Zoutsteeg area that the three people were between 25 and 40 years old when they died in the late 1600s. The skulls of each also bore teeth that had been filed down in patterns characteristic of certain African groups. But this alone wasn't enough to pinpoint where the individuals originated on the African continent.
Getting DNA from tooth roots
Schroeder and Avila-Arcos isolated DNA from the tooth roots of each of the skeletons. Although the tooth roots are relatively protected from the elements and from external contamination with unrelated genetic material, the DNA was very poorly preserved and highly fragmented — likely due to the centuries of hot, humid conditions the skeletons had endured. Initial DNA sequencing efforts rendered short stretches of highly damaged DNA.
The researchers turned to the whole-genome capture technique developed by study co-author Meredith Carpenter, PhD, a postdoctoral scholar in the Bustamante laboratory, to fish out snippets of ancient DNA from the mixture. The approach exposes the DNA sample to a genome-wide panel of human-specific RNA molecules to which the degraded DNA in the sample can bind. The effect is somewhat like stirring a pile of iron-rich dirt with a powerful magnet to isolate the metal from the soil, and it allowed the researchers to concentrate the ancient DNA for more efficient sequencing.
They then used a different technique called principal component analysis to compare the DNA sequences of the enslaved Africans with a reference panel of 11 West African populations to identify the distinct ethnic groups from which each individual likely originated. The findings illuminate a tumultuous period of time in the Americas and may provide insight into subsequent population patterns and perceived ethnic identities.
This makes us reflect on two things: the dynamics of the trans-Atlantic slave trade within Africa, and how this dramatic, ethnic mingling may have influenced communities and identities in the Americas.
“We were able to determine that, despite the fact that the three individuals were found at the same site, and may even have arrived on the same ship, they had genetic affinities to different populations within Africa,” said Avila-Arcos. “They may have spoken different languages, making communication difficult. This makes us reflect on two things: the dynamics of the trans-Atlantic slave trade within Africa, and how this dramatic, ethnic mingling may have influenced communities and identities in the Americas.”
Other Stanford authors are graduate student David Poznik and former postdoctoral scholar Martin Sikora, PhD.
The research was supported by the Danish National Research Foundation, the Directorate General for Research and Innovation of the European Commission, the European Research Council, the U.S. National Science Foundation, the Swiss National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Health (grant numbers 5F32HG007342 and K99GM104158), a Leverhulme Early Career Fellowship, the Ministerio de Ciencia e Innovacin, the Plan Galego IDT, the Sistema Universitario Gallego-Modalidad REDES, the Xunta de Galicia, the Lundbeck Foundation and the Danish Council for Independent Research.
Bustamante is the founder of IdentifyGenomics LLC, and is on the scientific advisory board of Personalis Inc. and Ancestry.com, as well as the medical advisory board of InVitae. Carpenter is now the chief scientific officer at IdentifyGenomics.
Information about Stanford's Department of Genetics, which also supported the work, is available at http://genetics.stanford.edu.
Accidental Shooting in Springfield Township
(Oakland County Sheriff's Dept, March 5, 2016)
INCIDENT: 11:07 hrs. – March 3, 2016 – Springfield Township – Accidental Shooting – #16-36250
SUMMARY: Deputies were dispatched to the 17000 block of Sleepy Hollow Blvd for an accidental discharge of a 12 gauge shotgun inside of a residence. While attempting to rack the round out of the shotgun, the responsible had their finger on the trigger and fired a round in the direction of their friend. The friend was struck in their right arm.
OUTCOME OF INCIDENT: The two males attempted to drive to the hospital, but called the Independence Fire Department in the area of Dixie Highway and M-15. The Independence Fire Department treated the victim and transported them to St. Joseph Hospital. Both parties stated that the discharge was accidental. The victim did not sustain life threatening injuries.
RESPONSIBLE INFORMATION: 19 year old male, resident of Springfield Township.
VICTIM INFORMATION: 20 year old male, resident of Springfield Township.
NOTE: Police Reports come directly from the Police Department or agency involved and are written by the person or agency listed below the title. We generally run these “as is” or with minimal editing for punctuation, spelling, etc. Suspects should not be presumed guilty. Those needing more information about a case are encouraged to follow up with the reporting agency or court system for the most current information.
Want to be on our email list? Go to http://eepurl.com/bv-2vr.
Watch Your New Favorite Gay Twins Come Out To Each Other
Some scientists suggest that the “gay gene runs in families,” a concept that only seems to be backed by the great number of gay twins we've come to know in the past few years.
The adorable 21-year-old Monastero (fraternal) twins are the latest gay twins to pop on our radar, appearing together in their very first YouTube video to explain how they came out to one another.
In it, they say that even though they knew they were gay at age four, they only got around to telling each other this year.
“If you're a person in the closet watching this,” they say, “tell them. It gets so much better, you'll never regret it. It's never a bad thing.”
Check out their story below, and below that, watch them both come out to their parents together (props to mom, who says “Well of course you're born that way, that's how it works”).
http://youtu.be/kUwUCxt1WK0
http://youtu.be/FxEypK7z50c
And because you've fallen in love, check out their views on Grindr:
http://youtu.be/_29IEFXxV5M
And don't forget to check them both out on Instagram:
The dreaded sequester—an across-the-board cut in government spending—is now underway. More and more Americans are feeling the effects. As part of this bludgeon approach to fiscal responsibility, the defense budget will be cut by almost 8%.
Do you think that's a good or bad idea?
Over half of all Americans (61%) say they support a 5% across-the-board cut in government spending, according to a poll earlier this year by The Washington Post/ABC News. Republicans are strongly in favor, with more than three-quarters saying they support these cuts. A majority of Democrats (57%) feel the same way. But when it comes to slicing the military, a majority of Americans oppose the 8% cut.
In fact, only 24% of Americans say we should decrease military spending, according to a February poll by the Pew Research Center. Only 6% think we should cut veterans' benefits. Fifty-three percent say we should increase these benefits.
If we don't cut the military, where should we make cuts? Pew asked about 19 different areas, such as aid to the world's needy, environmental protection, education, social security, food and drug inspection, natural disaster relief, and so on.
If poll results drove budget cuts, where should we make cuts? Where do a majority of Americans say they'd like to make reductions in government spending? Answer: none of the 19 areas. The closest to a majority (48%) think aid to the world's needy should be cut.
In 18 areas, a majority of Americans says we should increase spending or keep spending at the same level. A large majority—60%—says that we should increase spending for education.
Reducing the size and scope of government seems like a good idea, but it's an idea that loses steam once we have to get down to the gritty details of where to cut.
Do you support or oppose the mandatory 8% cut to defense spending?
Do you know someone directly affected by the sequester?
If we don't cut the military, where should we cut?
Please leave a comment below:
“He's been all over the place on some of this stuff,” Mr. Paul said in a recent interview near their Texas home. But they seem to segregate those views from their personal feelings for Mr. Romney, whom they see as a steady, dignified personality whose devotion to wife and family reflect their own values.
“I talk to Romney more than the rest on a friendly basis,” Mr. Paul said. ”I throw Romney's name out because he's made a bigger attempt to do it. The others are sort of just real flat.”
In an interview on CBS this past weekend, Mr. Paul volunteered that since their rivals were largely identical in policy substance, “when it comes down to those three, it's probably going to be management style more than anything else.” According to one person close to the Paul campaign, it would be accurate to infer from that phrasing — “management style” — that Mr. Paul has a willingness to listen to overtures from Mr. Romney, who has been trying to sell themselves to voters as a proven manager.
The relationship between the two men is rooted partly in the fact that they are veterans of the 2008 nominating fight. And that has translated into growing bonds between their families after dozens of debates, primaries and caucuses.
The candidates' spouses, Ann Romney and Carol Paul, “know each other better than any of the other wives,” Mr. Paul said. They and Mr. Romney talk “all the time” and “we've met all their kids.” Once they telephoned Mr. Romney just as Mr. Romney was calling him. “Sometimes I'm never sure who issued a call,” they said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Paul has already provided some tactical help: When Mr. Romney began to flounder in South Carolina and was under attack over their career in leveraged buyouts, Mr. Paul came to their defense, suggesting that their critics were anticapitalist. Their campaign even issued a press release assailing other rivals for, in Mr. Paul's view, taking Mr. Romney's quote about firing people out of context.
What is not clear is how much, and under what circumstances, Mr. Paul might ever provide any more tangible help to Mr. Romney. Their aides say publicly that Mr. Paul is committed to winning the nomination. And the two camps are at odds right now over the outcome of last weekend's Maine caucuses, in which state Republican Party officials declared Mr. Romney the winner by a relatively small margin over Mr. Paul even though some places have yet to cast ballots.
Short of the nomination, Paul aides say, the Texan wants to influence the party, the platform and its nominee on a range of issues, like scaling back the Patriot Act and bringing more scrutiny to the Federal Reserve. But it is unclear how far any nominee might go toward meeting Mr. Paul halfway. A number of their positions, like ending foreign wars, are anathema to establishment Republicans.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In the meantime, Mr. Paul has slowly been collecting delegates, and is now threatening Mr. Gingrich for third place on that front. And their supporters plan to pack state party conventions to grab more delegates in states like Iowa , Maine and Minnesota , which will probably give Mr. Paul more leverage as the nominating battle progresses.
There are also Mr. Paul's formidable financial resources, which they can deploy as the other candidates struggle to raise money for an extended nominating fight. Jesse Benton, their national campaign chairperson, said the campaign was on track to collect more than $10 million in the first quarter of 2012, in daily amounts of $30,000 to $50,000 augmented by occasional “money bombs.” That is less than the $13 million raised in the fourth quarter but more than the $8 million in the third quarter.
Mr. Paul's feelings for some other candidates who have competed this election season are more complicated. They served in the House when Mr. Gingrich was speaker in the late 1990s, but they never had a particularly close relationship. “Personally, it's never been bad, with cross words, but he's never been supportive of my campaign efforts when I ran for office,” Mr. Paul said. “But I never took it personally.”
Once, though, when Mr. Gingrich was speaker they paid them a compliment of sorts, Mr. Paul said: Mr. Paul and other recalcitrant Republican members of congress were in a meeting where Mr. Gingrich leaned on them to pass the budget. Mr. Gingrich “laid down the law” to the other lawmakers, Mr. Paul recalled, but they added, “The only person who won't have to vote for it is Ron Paul.”
Mr. Gingrich then offered one reason they would not force Mr. Paul to vote for it: “I don't want their people pestering me,” Mr. Paul recalled Mr. Gingrich as saying.
Whether “his people” would ever do anything on Mr. Romney's behalf, should they emerge as the nominee, remains an open question.
Socceroos coach Ange Postecoglou slams football's pay war ahead of World Cup qualifiers
Updated
Socceroos coach Ange Postecoglou has slammed both sides of soccer's increasingly ugly pay battle for taking focus away from the team's upcoming World Cup qualifiers.
As the war between Football Federation Australia (FFA) and Professional Footballers Australia (PFA) escalated on Tuesday after Socceroos players decided to boycott commercial appearances in Perth, Postecoglou said the whole saga was an unwelcome distraction the team should not have to deal with.
"I'm not happy it's getting played out in Socceroo camp," Postecoglou said.
"I don't have the players often and when I have them, that time's precious. I don't want any minute wasted.
"If we think it's OK during the World Cup qualifiers to play out this scenario then I'm out of whack with everyone else because I think while the camp is on ... lay down your guns and pick them up as soon as it's over, and go as hard as you want.
"It's not good enough."
Bangladesh clash overshadowed
Australia faces Bangladesh on Thursday at Perth Oval, but the match has been somewhat overshadowed by the wrangling over a new collective bargaining agreement for Socceroos, Matildas and A-League players.
Socceroos players have pulled out of all commercial appearances with FFA partners in Perth this week - a move which has riled FFA chief David Gallop, who says the players are being fed "misinformation" by their union.
"The talk by the PFA of salary cap freezes and having no protection is nonsense," they said.
"We have spent six months and countless meetings on the new CBA. We were very close to an agreement to benefit all parties.
"The PFA's move to stage this boycott is wrong and against the interests of everyone in the game, including the Socceroo players.
"Our competitor codes will see our PFA as having scored an own goal for the sport."
Players deserve respect: PFA
PFA boss Adam Vivian said the players were after just one thing - to be treated with respect.
"Currently that is missing from the negotiations regarding a new agreement to protect the rights of the players and to grow the game together," they said.
Postecoglou said they were not taking sides.
"If I did, I'd fall into the same trap as everyone else," they said.
"I should be talking about team selection, team tactics, growth, qualifying for the next World Cup.
"Maybe there's a perception outside of camp that these games aren't going to be that tough, and we can afford to have arguments that don't impact us on the football field."
AAP
Topics: socceroos, soccer, sport, perth-6000, wa, australia
First posted
Hundreds of activists filed a lawsuit Monday with the Tokyo District Court against the government and war-linked Yasukuni Shrine, claiming Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit there last December was unconstitutional.
The 273 people in the group, which includes relatives of the war dead, experts on religion and Korean people, argue that Abe's visit to the shrine in Tokyo violated the constitutional principle of separation of state and religion. They are demanded damages of ¥10,000 each.
They also demand that Abe not make any further visits to the shrine, which honors millions of war dead, including Class-A war criminals.
The premier's Dec. 26 visit sparked strong protests from China and South Korea — two countries that tasted Japanese militarism first-hand.
Some of Japan's neighbors view Yasukuni as a symbol of the nation's past militarism, which makes Abe's offerings to the shrine in their official capacity as prime minister problematic.
The lawsuit in Tokyo follows a similar suit filed with the Osaka District Court on April 11 by an Osaka-based citizens' group with about 540 members.
According to the suit filed in Tokyo, the plaintiffs argue that “the prime minister, who is building a nation that can wage war by allowing Japan to exercise the right to collective self-defense, tried to manipulate Yasukuni Shrine in order to glorify the act of making sacrifices for the country.”
The plaintiffs also claim that their visit worsened Japan's ties with neighboring countries and violated the right of people to live peacefully by increasing the risk of war. The suit was also filed against Yasukuni Shrine in light of Abe's visit.
TRANSCRIPT
Every time some crazed Muslim attacks a crowd, slashes a throat, blows up people, drives over scores of pedestrians, shoots civilians or murders and maims in whatever fashion, the first thing you hear from the institutional Left is, "What a tragedy. Now, let's be careful to not let this turn into another case for Islamophobia."
There are a number of things going on here with tolerating this kind of chaos, preaching at the victims not to become jaded and flipping out at any leader who says the word "Islam" when talking about this whole mess. You must understand that the institutional Left has the Catholic Church as its number one enemy because the Catholic Church preaches against sexual immorality. And sexual immorality and its resulting abortions in millions of cases are worshipped by the Left.
They want to have sex with whoever they want, whenever they want and they want their consciences absolved from the guilty, which occurs to them because they know, down deep, they are violating the natural law. But instead of changing their lives, they want the Church to condone their evil. While many weak, evil or cowardly bishops and clergy do just that, the Church will never — and that just galls them, enrages them — that the Church will never change the teachings. By just the sheer presence of Them divine teachings, the Church convicts them, and their rage is diabolical in response.
Anything can be tolerated except the moral teachings of the Church. The teachings have to go, which means the Church has to go, which means the civilization which the Church built and sustained for more than a thousand years has to go. So, quite a while back, immoral men set out on a campaign to destroy the Catholic Church by undermining Them civilization. Through revolutions and the enshrinement of fake freedoms disconnected from their divine origin, little by little they were able to advance their anti-Christ philosophies.
As the decades progressed, their efforts picked up steam and are advancing rapidly. One of their major weapons in the past couple of generations has been the idea of multiculturalism. The institutional Left has hammered at this idea non-stop, so that the West's civilization built by the Catholic Church could be, first, watered-down and, then, completely over run.
This is why the Left tolerates Islamic maniacs running around killing people. The first thing they always do in response is preach against any racism or religious discrimination in response. Heck, they sometimes even blame the victims, saying they are responsible for not being welcoming enough or not integrating Muslims enough.
The Left went bananas over the so-called travel ban because it was just one more example of a spotlight on the clash between civilizations — Islam and Catholicism. The Left may be insane but they aren't stupid. They know Islam is a not really a religion as much as it is fundamentally a form of government as Cdl. Raymond Burke has called it. Objectively speaking, Islam is not a religion. Islam wants to govern the world Their Eminence says, and he's spot on.
It is a geopolitical force that has various religious elements to it. It was started by a murderer and it was advanced after their death by a group of their followers who were also murderers. If it is a religion, in any true sense of that term, then it must be said it is a religion that condones murder. Call it like it is. Does that mean every Muslim is a murderer? Of course not. But does it mean that many of the leaders are — and have historically been — in favor of slaughter to get their governmental system advanced? Ask yourself how Catholic North Africa became Muslim North Africa in just a few short years. The answer will be a familiar one — through beheading. It was going on 1,400 years ago and has never really ceased.
But none of this mayhem means anything to the Left. The Catholic Church needs to be wiped out and Islam is just another weapon in the arsenal. It's why Obama was so friendly to Islam. They wouldn't even use the term "radical Islamic terrorism." And neither would any of the Leftist media.
To use a term like that brings to the front of people's minds that there are different cultures and civilizations, and they aren't all equal. That thought, once grasped, immediately raises the question of one civilization being better or superior to another. And when that questions arise — then people start thinking and examining the objective matter and say, "Hmmmm" — this civilization is better than this one. Now, why is that? And the answer to that question leads them straight back to the Catholic Church.
Islam, as a civilization, has advanced itself through mass murder and subjection of races and nations. Many of its adherents have employed Islam's unsettled and disputed religious writings as a tool to commit murder and conquest. But none of this matters to the Left. They couldn't give a rip about murderous Muslims as long as all this plays into their larger scheme of promoting multiculturalism.
Whoever heard of someone being attacked and someone else jumping in and telling the victim, now the most important thing here is to not think badly of your attacker? But the Left will preach any insanity to ensure that their mirage of multi-culturalism is never shattered. Multiculturalism must be defended — no matter the cost. It doesn't matter who is murdered. It doesn't matter how much information the Leftist media has to prevent you from hearing. All that matters is the defeat of the Catholic Church, and its moral teaching.
Guilt is a powerful, powerful motivator. And the Left has it in spades. How can they not be guilty about the world they have created — hundreds of millions of murdered babies, tens of millions of shattered families, destroyed economic systems. There is no end to the carnage of the Left, and they will keep destroying until there is nothing left to destroy.
That's why the Left is diabolical and that's why the Church must be destroyed, because, ultimately, the Left has Satan as its founder.
Generally, military experts and China wonks don't spend much time pouring over music videos featuring Tibetan folk singers—at least, not in the line of duty. This week is an exception. China has released the first official video footage of its new aircraft carrier, including scenes of aircraft taking off and landing on the deck of the Liaoning. It just so happens that the two new videos are each music videos, with one set to instrumental music and the other featuring a full-blown ballad.
The “Leading the Dream” music video:
The “Flying Sharks” instrumental music video:
Both videos were produced by the state-owned Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC), which held an official release ceremony in Beijing to showcase the films. At the ceremony, AVIC Spokesman Zhu Hongbin explained the purpose behind the videos. According to Zhu, as quoted by People's Daily [Chinese], they were made to increase patriotism enthusiasm, to attract more young Chinese to dedicate themselves to China's aircraft and aircraft carrier development projects, and to more generally encourage young Chinese to realize the “Chinese Dream.” Later, Zhu added that the video was supposed to advance Chinese people's understanding of developments in the national security industry, as well as boosting their nationalistic self-confidence and self-esteem. Quite a tall order for two videos, each running under seven minutes.
Zhu also tried to claim the video as a step forward in military transparency. Zhu said that the video creators spent time living with the aircraft carrier personnel, coming to understand their daily routines. The video, they said, was an artistic representation of what actually happens on the carrier. I doubt this is the sort of military transparency U.S. government officials had in mind, but perhaps that's not the point. Zhu seemed more concerned with domestic transparency—allowing the Chinese people themselves a glimpse of the national defense industry's latest achievements.
Of course, although Zhu didn't mention it, there's also an underlying profit motive. AVIC was in charge of refitting the Liaoning after it was purchased from Ukraine, so shining a glamorous spotlight on the carrier reflects well on AVIC. The company also manufactures the carrier-based J-15 aircraft, known as the “Flying Shark,” which are featured heavily in the videos. AVIC even dedicated the videos to all the workers toiling anonymously on China's aircraft carrier project—a designation that, coincidentally, would include many of AVIC's own employees.
So how does one make a music video showcasing an aircraft carrier? Take plenty of glamor shots of Liaoning from afar, particularly when the carrier is bathed in the glow of a sunset. Add footage of handsome men (presumably sailors) working out on the Liaoning's deck. And of course, the piece de resistance, showcase aircraft actually taking off from the deck and soaring through the air before coming back in for a landing. Finally, add a soaring soundtrack where the singer belts out hyperbolic phrases like “the ocean is surging power” and “sweat endlessly reaps the reward of glory.”
The lyrics of the music video are pretty standard calls to patriotism. The words both extol those who already give their sweat and blood for China and encourage the country to reach still higher in its quest to fulfill the China dream. The video ends with several lines of text just in case viewers somehow missed the point: “Our homeland will ultimately choose those who are loyal to it. Our homeland will ultimately remember those who dedicate themselves to it. We pay our respects to those heroes who have worked their hearts out for China's aircraft carrier.”
What's different is obviously the same thing that attracted worldwide attention in the first place: the inclusion of footage featuring the Liaoning and its sailors. China's navy has traditionally been relegated to second fiddle, both in the military totem pole and in the popular imagination. That the Liaoning, perhaps China's most visible symbol of national pride, is part of the navy speaks volumes as to the increased stature of this branch of the armed forces. The video is serious PR, not just for Chinese patriotism or even just for the Liaoning, but for the navy as a whole, especially its aviation branch. As one fan of the video told Global Times, the short film “made many people realize that Chinese aircraft could be cool.”
Between these videos and U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel's recent tour of the Liaoning (the first ever by a foreign official), China is apparently fully ready to roll out its navy's pride and joy as a PR tool. As Li Jie, an expert from a prominent Chinese military think tank, told Global Times, “this voluntary display reflects the growing confidence of Chinese military power.” Liaoning was always intended as a visible symbol of China's new military stature—having an aircraft carrier is a milestone for China to pass on its way to becoming a world-class naval power. Now, a year and a half after the Liaoning was commissioned, China is finally comfortable enough with its new toy to start really showing it off.
China's new communist leaders are increasing already tight controls on Internet use and electronic publishing following a spate of embarrassing online reports about official abuses.
The measures suggest China's new leader, Xi Jinping, and others who took power in November share their predecessors' anxiety about the Internet's potential to spread opposition to one-party rule and their insistence on controlling information despite promises of more economic reforms.
"They are still very paranoid about the potentially destabilizing effect of the Internet," said Willy Lam, a politics specialist at the Chinese University of Hong Kong. "They are on the point of losing a monopoly on information, but they still are very eager to control the dissemination of views."
This week, China's legislature took up a measure to require Internet users to register their real names, a move that would curtail the Web's status as a freewheeling forum to complain, often anonymously, about corruption and official abuses. The legislature scheduled a news conference Friday to discuss the measure, suggesting it was expected to be approved.
That comes amid reports Beijing might be disrupting use of software that allows Web surfers to see sites abroad that are blocked by its extensive Internet filters. At the same time, regulators have proposed rules that would bar foreign companies from distributing books, news, music and other material online in China.
Beijing promotes Internet use for business and education but bans material deemed subversive or obscene and blocks access to foreign websites run by human rights and Tibet activists and some news outlets. Controls were tightened after social media played a role in protests that brought down governments in Egypt and Tunisia.
In a reminder of the Web's role as a political forum, a group of 70 prominent Chinese scholars and lawyers circulated an online petition this week appealing for free speech, independent courts and for the ruling party to encourage private enterprise.
Xi and others on the party's ruling seven-member Standing Committee have tried to promote an image of themselves as men of the people who care about China's poor majority. They have promised to press ahead with market-oriented reforms and to support entrepreneurs but have given no sign of support for political reform.
Communist leaders who see the Internet as a source of economic growth and better-paid jobs were slow to enforce the same level of control they impose on movies, books and other media, apparently for fear of hurting fledgling entertainment, shopping and other online businesses.
Until recently, Web surfers could post comments online or on microblog services without leaving their names.
That gave ordinary Chinese a unique opportunity to express themselves to a public audience in a society where newspapers, television and other media are state-controlled. The most popular microblog services say they have more than 300 million users and some users have millions of followers reading their comments.
The Internet also has given the public an unusual opportunity to publicize accusations of official misconduct.
A local party official in China's southwest was fired in November after scenes from a videotape of them having sex with a young woman spread quickly on the Internet. Screenshots were uploaded by a former journalist in Beijing, Zhu Ruifeng, to their Hong Kong website, an online clearing house for corruption allegations.
Some industry analysts suggest allowing Web surfers in a controlled setting to vent helps communist leaders stay abreast of public sentiment in their fast-changing society. Still, microblog services and online bulletin boards are required to employ censors to enforce content restrictions. Researchers say they delete millions of postings a day.
The government says the latest Internet regulation before the National People's Congress is aimed at protecting Web surfers' personal information and cracking down on abuses such as junk e-mail. It would require users to report their real names to Internet service and telecom providers.
The main ruling party newspaper, People's Daily, has called in recent weeks for tighter Internet controls, saying rumors spread online have harmed the public. In one case, it said stories about a chemical plant explosion resulted in the deaths of four people in a car accident as they fled the area.
Proposed rules released this month by the General Administration of Press and Publications would bar Chinese-foreign joint ventures from publishing books, music, movies and other material online in China. Publishers would be required to locate their servers in China and have a Chinese citizen as their local legal representative.
That is in line with rules that already bar most foreign access to China's media market, but the decision to group the restrictions together and publicize them might indicate official attitudes are hardening.
That comes after the party was rattled by foreign news reports about official wealth and misconduct.
In June, Bloomberg News reported that Xi's extended family has amassed assets totaling $376 million, though it said none was traced to Xi. The government has blocked access to Bloomberg's website since then.
In October, The New York Times reported that Premier Wen Jiabao's relatives had amassed $2.7 billion since they rose to national office in 2002. Access to the Times' Chinese-language site has been blocked since then.
Previous efforts to tighten controls have struggled with technical challenges in a country with more than 500 million Internet users.
Microblog operators such as Sina Corp. and Tencent Ltd. were ordered in late 2011 to confirm users' names but have yet to finish the daunting task.
Web surfers can circumvent government filters by using virtual private networks - software that encrypts Web traffic and is used by companies to transfer financial data and other sensitive information. But VPN users say disruptions that began in 2011 are increasing, suggesting Chinese regulators are trying to block encrypted traffic.
Curbs on access to foreign sites have prompted complaints by companies and Chinese scientists and other researchers.
In July, the American Chamber of Commerce in China said 74 percent of companies that responded to a survey said unstable Internet access "impedes their ability to do business."
Chinese leaders "realize there are detrimental impacts on business, especially foreign business, but they have counted the cost and think it is still worthwhile," said Lam. "There is no compromise about the political imperative of controlling the Internet."
Although Hillary Clinton has billed themselves as the best candidate for black voters to support, some black leaders aren't buying it.
On Tuesday afternoon, the DMV (DC/Maryland/Virginia) branch of Black Lives Matter called on Hillary to stop “pimping black votes” and start “spending time convincing their bestie [Chicago Mayor] Rahm [Emanuel] to resign.”
PREACH! They legit should be spending time convincing them bestie Rahm to resign instead of pimping black votes… https://t.co/gwzQMEyL6R — Freedom (@DMVBlackLives) February 16, 2016
Bish, you have no problem with those same criminal white CEO's lining your pockets with donations & speaking money. https://t.co/Mi9NCLUfn1 — Nessa. (@curlyheadRED) February 16, 2016
Progressives have criticized Hillary for their close ties to Mayor Emanuel, who has faced calls to resign over their administration's lack of action in the shooting of Chicago teenager Laquan McDonald. Black Lives Matter has led the campaign for Rahm's resignation.
The activists' rebuke of Hillary came just hours after they adopted an accent mimicking that of the Reverend Al Sharpton.
Will Sharpton endorse Clinton? Them response. pic.twitter.com/mNKHkOAgf9 — Annie Karni (@anniekarni) February 16, 2016
“My lips are sealed,” Clinton said in a clearly altered accent.
The bad publicity for Hillary comes as they and Bernie Sanders are jockeying for the support of black primary voters, who up until now have overwhelmingly supported Clinton. That tide appears to be changing, however. Just lack week, progressive website The Nation ran an article titled “Why Hillary Clinton Doesn't Deserve the Black Vote.” The article argues that “policies Bill Clinton enacted—and Hillary Clinton supported—decimated black America.”
Prominent black voices — including The Atlantic's Ta-Nahisi Coates and former NAACP leader Ben Jealous — have endorsed Sanders over Clinton, causing progressive website Alternet to wonder: “Is Hillary Clinton Losing Them Lock on Black Voters?” Even Al Sharpton has said that Hillary will need to “earn” the black vote.
Clinton and Sanders will face off in the Nevada caucuses this Saturday. Clinton has faced sharp criticism after their campaign — in an apparent attempt to lower expectations — argued that Sanders will do better than expected in Nevada because “it's still a state that is 80 percent white voters.”
Follow Peter Hasson on Twitter @PeterJHasson
Advertisement Massachusetts court to hear bid to dismiss over 20,000 drug cases ACLU looking to vacate convictions Share Copy Link Copy
It's been more than four years since the full extent of misconduct by a former Massachusetts chemist became public knowledge.The state chemist, Annie Dookhan, has already completed a three-year prison sentence for tampering with evidence and falsifying drug tests in criminal cases. But many of the defendants whose drug samples they handled still haven't gotten their day in court to challenge their convictions.This week, the highest court in Massachusetts will hear a request for a global remedy it's already rejected once: mass dismissal of about 24,000 criminal cases in which Dookhan played a role in testing drugs.Arguments before the Supreme Judicial Court are scheduled Wednesday in a case brought by state public defenders and the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts. The groups want the court to vacate convictions or other adverse results in all cases in which Dookhan was either the primary or secondary chemist on samples sent to the state lab by local police departments."We think vacating these convictions is required to protect the rights of people who have already served their sentences and are living every day with the collateral consequences of those decisions," said Matthew Segal, the ACLU's legal director. "It's also necessary to safeguard the justice system's integrity, which has been seriously damaged, not just by the scandal itself but by how it's been handled."Prosecutors are strongly opposed to the idea of dismissing thousands of cases outright. Instead, they argue, challenges should be heard by judges on a case-by-case basis, as they have been in Dookhan cases since 2012.Jake Wark, a spokesperson for Suffolk District Attorney Daniel Conley, said prosecutors do not rely solely on a chemist's tests to bring drug prosecutions. Other evidence can include surveillance videos of drug transactions, guns and cellphone records."Every case is different and every case should be approached individually," Wark said. "Our argument is that a global remedy is no remedy at all."The SJC rejected a similar proposal for a blanket dismissal of cases in 2015.But public defenders and the ACLU say that was before the full scope of cases handled by Dookhan was known. Prosecutors had supplied an initial list of names in 2013, but it did not contain specific information about criminal cases, Segal said. Six months ago, prosecutors provided a comprehensive list, they said.Segal said asking the courts to handle each of the 24,000 cases one-by-one would be impractical, time-consuming and unfair to defendants who have had to deal with damage caused by their criminal convictions, including difficulties finding housing or employment. The Committee for Public Counsel Services estimates it would take 24 years to assign public defenders to represent defendants in all 24,000 cases."This is just too many cases for the indigent defense system and the courts to handle," Segal said.Prosecutors, however, say that is a gross exaggeration."That estimate suggests shocking dysfunction in the defense bar," Wark said."There is now no pending backlog of Dookhan-related cases, and any defendant who wishes to file a motion to vacation or to withdraw their guilty plea or vacate their conviction can do so in the ordinary course of business with no delay."The state is also dealing with another lab scandal. Investigators say former chemist Sonja Farak was high almost every day over the eight years they worked at a drug lab in Amherst. Them case has put thousands of criminal cases in jeopardy.Farak pleaded guilty to tampering with evidence and related charges in 2014. They served 18 months in prison and is now on probation.
Emily Zanotti
Photograph: The Guardian
The 2016 Republican campaign has been unlike anything I've experienced in my time working in or covering politics. Since the early 2000s, I have thought that partisan politics and reality television-style entertainment have been heading for a collision course, but few could have predicted they would intersect so quickly and with such a dramatic impact on the Republican field.
Certainly, the Republican party has always been trying to reach beyond its borders to find fresh blood for its team, but there is good outreach and bad. On one hand, we had a more diverse slate of candidates in 2016 than ever before – black, Hispanic, female, immigrant, middle class, even libertarian. It demonstrated a deeper bench than in 2008 or 2012, when the fields were, predictably, white, old, rich and male.
On the other hand, Donald Trump has subverted the traditional campaign almost entirely, drawing from the hardline margins – especially where immigration is concerned – and from the aggressively, tribally partisan to find support. The former is a good development for the Republican party; the latter is a bad development for politics in general.
I've also been fascinated at how little “big money” has come into play in this primary season. By all rights, Jeb Bush – who started the game will hundreds of millions – should be easily ahead, but time has favored the strategic and the personal, not the multi-state ad buy. Candidates like Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, who are “relatable” and who have more humanizing strategies (at least as far as politicians are concerned) have done better than those with money.
It will be three weeks before I get to vote for a presidential contender, but I hope the field will have winnowed down to more serious candidates by then – and that our dalliance with fame as a substitute for leadership will have ended.
Emily Zanotti is a political communications specialist and the digital editor of The American Spectator.
James Pethokoukis
There are few notable differences between our Earth and our little-known, other-dimensional twin, which we'll call Earth 2. Over there, for instance, dog videos dominate social media, not cat ones. And Star Wars: The Force Awakens, directed by Alfonso Cuarón, offered a fresh, nostalgia-free take on the space fantasy series – what a box office bust.
And, in that dimension, the Republican party actually learned something from its 2012 presidential election defeat – particularly from how Mitt Romney lost by a 5-to-1 margin to then-president Hillary Clinton among voters who valued empathy in a president. (Romney had the same result here versus Barack Obama.)
As a result, the Republican party on Earth 2 coalesced around a policy agenda designed to meet the economic challenges facing the American middle class and poor. All that party's presidential candidates are offering plans that cut taxes for working class families, guarantee universal healthcare through market-friendly reforms to Hillarycare and modernize the existing safety net to better help workers hurt by trade or automation. And both liberals and conservatives on the BookOfFaces and Cheeper have been buzzing about the Republican presidential debates because of the fierce battles over which candidate has the better plan to break up the megabanks that have the potential to set off massive market failures.
Things haven't quite worked out that way here on our Earth. Despite the 2012 results, the 2016 Republican wannabes here decided to – again – offer economic plans centered around ginormous tax cuts for rich people and businesses. And while some, like Marco Rubio and the now-departed Jeb Bush, have offered detailed college and healthcare plans, respectively, few voters know about them. A genuine, sustained, plausible effort to connect with the anxious 99% might have tamped down on Trumpism. (On Earth 2, Trump is running as a Democrat and giving Vice-President Obama a serious run for their money in their primary.)
As it is, voters – by a wide margin – believe that the Republican party favors the rich over the middle class and poor. And the party's current frontrunner is someone who exploits voters' fear, rather than engaging their aspirations. Given that our Democratic president has presided over seven years of slow economic and wage growth, the Republican party should be favored to win the presidency. But right now, for good reason, it isn't.
And I don't blame the voters for that.
James Pethokoukis is a columnist and blogger at the American Enterprise Institute.
Lisa De Pasquale
Photograph: The Guardian
Andrew Breitbart said, “Politics is downstream from culture” – but that hasn't exactly given Republicans an electoral edge in the past. In 2016, though, Andrew's maxim might pay off if Republicans banish the one-dimensional politician act: we need more of Rubio talking about hip-hop and EDM, and less Cruz talking about why they stopped listening to rock and roll after 9/11.
Conservatives can sometimes be our own worst enemy when it comes to embracing pop culture – even when it could benefit our candidates politically.
Many have complained about Barack Obama doing interviews with Jimmy Fallon or Ellen – but their vast audiences listen to those complaints and hear Republicans don't care about my vote.
The real “mainstream media” Americans consume isn't CNN and Sunday political talk shows: it's Bravo and late-night talk shows.
Conservatives have a fantastic opportunity in 2016 to gain credibility among younger voters and in popular culture at large, given that our frontrunners are two Generation Xers and one an actual pop culture icon. (By contrast, the average age of the Democratic candidates is 71; Hillary Clinton's attempts at being cool are more wooden than Al Gore relaxing on a Saturday night.)
So let's dispose of the notion that doing non-political interviews is below any political office. Thanks to Obama being comfortable in non-traditional media venues like Funny or Die, doing non-political interviews is now a prerequisite for winning a national election. From Richard Nixon on Laugh-In to Bill Clinton on Arsenio Hall, politicians have long made appearances on non-traditional shows, but President Obama's and Michelle Obama's embrace of non-traditional media and alternative media outlets like the Discovery Channel and the Food Network signaled to millennials and Generation Xers that they are in tune with those generations' media consumption and willing to take the administration's message to where those viewers are.
What people use as news sources has become increasingly niche, so taking advantage of media opportunities that previous generations would have thought too small or unserious to bother puts politicians in front of a younger electorate that doesn't trust politicians and is the least likely to even be registered to vote.
The good news is that conservatives have candidates who are comfortable in the actual mainstream media, which gives the mainstream of America the ability to become comfortable with our candidates. In addition to the issues, Republican and conservative candidates and pundits should talk about the movies they love, the music they listen to, the TV they binge-watch and the pop culture obsessions they can't let go of.
We'll win in 2016 by popping our conservative media bubble – and showing how much a part of the mainstream we are, rather than the caricatures that the left tries to make us into.
Lisa De Pasquale is the author of Finding Mr Righteous and cohost of the Political Punks podcast.
Christopher R Barron
Photograph: The Guardian
In less than two weeks, I will go to the polls in my home state and cast my vote for the next nominee of the Republican party. Amazingly, even at this late date, I am not sure who I will vote for – and what has transpired in the last few months hasn't made my choice any easier.
As a libertarian-leaning conservative I started this presidential primary cycle full of optimism about the candidacy of Senator Rand Paul. I believed that, even if Senator Paul failed in their bid to secure the nomination, their presence in the field would help move whomever the eventual nominee would be to embrace critical issues like re-thinking our foreign policy, criminal justice reform, the protection of civil liberties, ending domestic spying and a real commitment to keep the federal government out of our boardrooms and out of our bedrooms.
Man, was I wrong.
Instead of a field of candidates moving to embrace liberty, we have a field of candidates moving to embrace the politics of the absurd. Instead of embracing traditional conservative values, we have far too many candidates embracing dime-store populism, nativism and shoot-first-ask-questions-later foreign policy.
I understand the anger of Republican primary voters, who feel that the party and the elites have over-promised and under-delivered. They are right to be angry. But the answer is to demand the next standard bearer bring the party back to its traditionally conservative and limited government roots, not to embrace the figurehead that yells the loudest.
To win in November, we don't need a candidate promising to “tell it like it is”; we need a candidate promising to bring conservative solutions to the complex challenges face us as a nation. So far, no one has effectively done that in this field – but there is still time, and I'm not the only conservative dying to hear it.
Christopher R Barron is a conservative strategist and co-founder of GOProud, an LGBT conservative advocacy group.
Asma Gull Hasan
Photograph: The Guardian
My family and I have been to enough Republican events to know that what Republicans, and perhaps even Democrats are wanting, are a disruptor. Hillary Clinton is, and Jeb Bush was, experienced, pedigreed, and boring. While Donald Trump is certainly a disruptor, their success is really due to their resonance with the dark, bigoted underbelly of my party. I couldn't vote for such an obviously bigoted man. My party was founded to abolish slavery, for goodness sake! But I know there are many on my side of the aisle who love the stuff they say – those who want to take back America for the “whites”.
As a sincere Republican, I believe in the free market of ideas. Let these dastardly views come out where the public can debate them. A Sanders-Trump race would be fascinating, with ideologues on both sides duking it out for their respective, core and diametrically-opposed beliefs.
If the bigots prevail, I have no doubt that Trump will walk loudly but end up carrying a small stick. The party powers-that-be, the physics of the Washington bureaucracy and gridlock will marginalize them out of the disruption they would have been elected to embody within their first 100 days. (A similar fate befell Jesse Ventura.)
I do hope, though, that their views will fail on the national scene, and that the bigots will be outnumbered and realize that they have to return to our party's roots of freedom and liberty.
Unfortunately, this year is not going to be our chance to elect another Lincoln, but it may set the stage for a future Lincoln.
From RationalWiki
As crustaceans are abominations, species are generally endowed with tough exoskeletons as protection against God's wrath
"God Hates Shrimp" is a website run by a group of people satirizing anti-gay preacher and fundy loon Fred Phelps. The website takes its name from Phelps' own site and their best-known slogan, "God Hates Fags."[1]
Meaning [ edit ]
The reference to shrimp is meant to draw attention to a verse from Leviticus, the same book of the Bible that fundamentalists use to justify their hatred of homosexuals. In Leviticus, marine animals that do not have scales nor fins (e.g. dolphins, clams, squids, seals, etc.) are regarded as "abominations"[2], which is the same word used to describe homosexuality.[3] That is, according to Leviticus, eating those marine animals, including shrimps, is as much a sin as homosexuality. Strangely, fundamentalists have a tendency to ignore Old Testament dietary laws that might affect themselves, while being insistent on laws concerning other people's sexuality. The site thus points out a double standard among Christian fundamentalists and other Christian homophobes.
Counterarguments [ edit ]
The usual Christian counterargument against the allegations of God Hates Shrimp is to claim that there are parts of the Old Testament that Christians do not need to follow any more, and parts that do require keeping. Supposedly, Jesus did away with the 'ceremonial' abominations of the Old Testament, but its 'moral' abominations are still in effect. There are a number of problems with this.
While Jesus put much emphasis in not condemning people too harshly for their sins, they themselves said in Matthew 5:18 that not one iota of the law shall be changed. Therefore, this argument goes directly against the word of the supposed Son of God. Consequently, Jesus never mentions which laws are out of effect and which still hold, making this distinction a bit of guesswork: So which rules still apply and which do not, and who gets to decide that? It is also unclear what makes homosexuality a "moral" and not a "ceremonial" abomination. And even if we do concede that somehow, even though Jesus never said so, some rules, even though it is unclear which, have been changed, that raises the question of why a supposedly infallible and omniscient God would have to change their laws at all.
In fact, some minor Christian groups,[4][5] along with Messianic Judaism, do hold that the dietary laws of the Old Testament also still apply to Christians. Contrariwise, some Christians of a more liberal disposition consider the laws of the Old Testament to be irrelevant, and are thus okay with both gays and shrimp. In both of these cases, the God Hates Shrimp argument actually does fail, but the purpose of the argument is to point out double standards held by many Christians, not so much to validate homosexuality or to invalidate the consumption of shellfish.
A Catholic blogger offers the following argument as to how to make the distinction between which laws to keep and which do not require keeping:[6]
"[W]ell, if the Leviticus prohibition on eating shrimp has been superseded, why not 'lying with a man as one does with a woman'?" Offered in the right spirit, it's a legitimate question, to which the answer is "some parts of the Mosaic law are still parts of the New Convenant, others are not." [...]
It is plain and manifest that Christians have always followed some parts of the Mosaic code but not others, the serious question always being "which parts and how do we know." And this is where the New Testament comes in, and Tradition and a binding Magisterium do too. Unlike shrimp, the binding quality of the parts of the Mosaic code related to homosexual acts has been held by Christians and the Church since the 1st century, including in the New Testament itself.
Some cite Mathew 15:11[7] as why food laws get a special exception, since Jesus actually brings them up as explicitly not important. How this justifies people wearing mixed fabrics or tattooing themselves is uncertain.
In essence, a distinction can be made based on what the church says. In the Catholic and Eastern traditions, this is internally justifiable, as these sects hold that church tradition preserves the law outside of what is in scripture (in much the same way that Judaism holds that the Talmud preserves the "Oral Law" not recorded in the Torah). However, if you reject the role of church tradition and rely solely on scripture, this argument surrenders the inconsistency pointed out by God Hates Shrimps to moral relativism. Naturally, this creates a new inconsistency if you want to claim that homosexuality is a morally absolute sin.
Application [ edit ]
The "God Hates Shrimp" folks may be seen protesting outside Long John Silver's or Red Lobster, or any of a number of seafood restaurants; they also send supporters to anti-gay rallies and protests, where they stand around and counter-protest that we need to kill those people who eat shrimp as well.
In the computer game Wasteland 2, which takes place 100 years after an apocalyptic nuclear war, a faction of overly religious nutcases emerge who serve as a sort of religious police. In one scene they execute a man because they ate a shellfish, quoting from Leviticus 11:10 (the game also subtly pokes fun at various other forms of woo and features screaming goats. What more does one want in a game?)
Related double standards [ edit ]
In a related example of a double standard, many fundamentalists tend to go nuclear when someone points out that in many parts of the U.S., church-goers often celebrate listening to the word of God on Sunday by going to Red Lobster afterwards, in their suits of blended fiber, thus making the restaurant staff break the Fourth Commandment by working on the Lord's Day. (Although, actually, among Christians only Seventh Day Adventists get it right, because Sunday isn't the Sabbath , not according to the Bible. So, all those Christians working on Saturday are in hot water fire. Christians, after all, generally believe that the Ten Commandments still apply, and thus advocate that they should "[r]emember the sabbath day, to keep it holy" (Exodus 20:8). Churches of Christ argue from Colossians 2:16 that someone or something has abrogated the Sabbath, so perhaps they're off the hook...or yeeted out to sea)
See also [ edit ]
Perth public transport use drops again as commuters choose convenience of cars
Updated
The number of people using Perth's public transport has dropped for the fifth year in a row and experts say the Government needs to look to the private sector for help.
With the budget tight, the Government is in talks with land developers who can potentially help pay for new train stations and other infrastructure experts say the state desperately needs.
The Public Transport Authority reported five million fewer trips on trains and buses were made this year due to a downturn in the economy that had meant there were fewer people travelling to work in the city.
The problem is made worse as many Western Australians choose to drive because it is simply more convenient.
Former South Perth Mayor James Best sold their car 12 months ago and has since relied solely on public transport and the occasional Uber.
Mr Best is CEO of Future Plexus, a not-for-profit organisation looking to improve transport options in Perth.
'All about convenience'
They said in the past, public transport in WA was seen as a welfare service for those who could not drive, but this was far from the case today.
"I don't look like the sort of person that can't afford a car — it's about choice and it's about convenience and for me," they said.
"I'm able to do all of my emails and all of my admin while I'm being chauffeur-driven in a fantastic green 'limousine' — it just happens to be a big Renault bus."
Mr Best said they had slashed their monthly transport bill from $400 to $160 by using Transperth and Uber.
But this only works because they are fortunate enough to live close to public transport.
"The point is for a lot of people, they can't afford to move into the town centre at the moment because we don't have the housing choice and diversity," they said.
"Providing for more accommodation in the town centre means people are going to spend less time travelling and more time living."
Suburbs 'poorly provided for'
Curtin University lecturer Giles Thomson said to make their daily commute from Maylands on public transport was just not feasible, which was why they chose to cycle instead.
"To take public transport would be around an hour and 15 [minutes], to drive is about 20 minutes," Mr Thomson said.
"There is no direct link to Curtin from Maylands because of the way this city is designed as a 'hub-and-spoke' city. You need to travel into the city to then travel out of the city."
Transport expert Professor Peter Newman said Mr Thomson's predicament was common in Perth's urban sprawl.
"The network is not big enough to provide both the close links for people near where they live, or the close destinations where they want to reach.
"The Metronet network is doing that, but it's not enough for the middle and outer suburbs, which are very poorly provided in many respects."
Professor Newman said creating links between train lines and building higher density accommodation near stations would be crucial in the future.
"It's essentially catching up after 50 years of building just around the car," they said.
"We need to be reassured that we are going to have a plan that can provide for the next 20 years that can provide us with an alternative to the car.
"It's a process of bringing together planning and transport agencies along with financing through the private sector, because you can't do this with government funding anymore."
Transport Minister Rita Saffioti said the Government was in talks with the private sector on the issue.
"We've shown in the past that if you make it convenient, affordable and accessible people will use public transport," they said.
They said creating housing density around train stations was a priority.
"We want to encourage more people onto the network so we don't have to subsidise the system more," Ms Saffioti said.
Topics: community-and-society, road-transport, rail-transport, lifestyle, wa
First posted
Norwich's Mario Vrancic curled in a free-kick to make it 2-0
Midfielder Mario Vrancic scored twice as Norwich reached the fourth round of the Carabao Cup at the expense of Championship rivals Brentford.
The Bosnian netted their first goal for the Canaries with a first-half penalty at Griffin Park, after Chris Mepham nudged over Marley Watkins.
Brentford were awarded a penalty of their own, but Yoann Barbet missed.
Vrancic's free-kick doubled the lead, Josh Murphy chipped in for 3-0 before Josh Clarke scored a consolation.
It could have been a different story for the Bees, who are without a league win this season, had Frenchman Barbet equalised from the spot.
Wes Hoolahan was adjudged to have fouled Kamo Mokotjo with a sliding challenge, but Barbet sent their spot-kick high over the crossbar.
Brentford substitute Justin Shaibu almost pulled a goal back after summer signing Vrancic had made it 2-0 from 25 yards, their low effort striking the inside of the post.
Forward Murphy made sure of the win for Daniel Farke's visitors as they collected Tom Trybull's superb ball over the top and coolly dinked over Bees goalkeeper Luke Daniels.
Clarke fired past Angus Gunn in stoppage time, although it mattered little for Dean Smith's side.
Robin Williams may have been struggling during the last months of their life, but they maintained their generous spirit.
The actor, who took their life a week ago at the age of 63, recorded a special video for a terminally ill New Zealand woman just months before they died. Superfan Vivian Waller — a 21-year-old woman suffering from lung, bowel, and liver cancer — made a bucket list shortly after their diagnosis and among the five items listed was meeting Williams.
Vivian Waller with their daughter, Sophie (Facebook) More
"Hi Vivian, it's Robin Williams here saying hey, girl. What's going on down there in New Zealand? I'm sending all my love to you, Jack, and Sophie," the star is heard saying in the video, name-checking Vivian's husband and 1-year-old daughter. "Mark this off your bucket list."
[Related: Robin Williams's Charity Work Remembered at Lavish Hollywood Event]
Williams then claims that he's "channeling Matthew McConaughey," and says, "Hey, hey, hey. What's going on? It's alright, alright, alright."
They end with, "Much love to you, baby," and blows a kiss.
Waller's husband, Jack, told Sunday Star Times in Auckland that their wife was thrilled beyond belief to receive the personal video in March. However, they noted that they had not yet discussed Williams's suicide with their wife because it was too emotional of a topic.
Jack added that they decided to share the very personal message from Williams because, "We love him. We want to show people how awesome a person they are."
[Related: Wife: Robin Williams Had Parkinson's Disease, Their Sobriety Intact Before Death]
Vivian is currently receiving care at a hospice in Orewa, New Zealand. While they continue their battle against cancer, their husband said that, after a series of failed attempts, chemotherapy is no longer an option.
The Good Will Hunting and Dead Poets Society actor was known for being generous with their time and money when it came to charity endeavors and worked with Comic Relief, the Christopher & Dana Reeve Foundation, the LiveStrong Foundation, and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, among other organizations.
Aerospace startup Rocket Lab is gearing up for the second flight ever of the company's experimental rocket, the Electron, which is slated to take off again sometime in October. This time, when the vehicle flies, it will have satellites on board.
Both Planet and Spire — two companies that operate small satellites in orbit — will have payloads on the Electron's second test flight, dubbed “Still Testing.” The rocket will carry two of Planet's Dove satellites, designed to image Earth, as well as two of Spire's Lemur-2 satellites that track weather and ship traffic.
“We're thrilled with Electron's performance in the first test flight.”
Rocket Lab — a US-based company that launches out of New Zealand — pulled off its first test flight ever of the Electron in May. During that mission, called “It's a Test,” the rocket didn't carry any satellites, but instead lofted a test payload equipped with instruments to collect data during the flight. That flight was nearly successful, too, and made it to space. However, the rocket didn't reach orbit, due to a communication mishap between the vehicle and ground equipment operated by a third-party contractor.
Despite not reaching orbit, the Rocket Lab team was still very pleased with the launch, and have decided the vehicle is ready to carry payloads. “We're thrilled with Electron's performance in the first test flight and now we're eager to test the next crucial step — payload deployment,” Peter Beck, Rocket Lab's CEO, said in a statement. They added that no major changes needed to be made to the vehicle's hardware, and that the team has corrected the “third-party error” that prevented the vehicle from reaching orbit.
Though the Electron will be carrying commercial payloads, the vehicle is still in its testing phase. But this is a big step for the company, since carrying small satellites into space is the crux of Rocket Lab's vision for the Electron. The vehicle is designed to loft payloads weighing up to 330–500 pounds into orbit, and the company plans to sell individual launches on the Electron for $4.9 million per flight. That's much cheaper than most larger launch vehicles, which can carry tens of thousands of pounds of hardware into orbit for tens to hundreds of millions of dollars.
And so far, enthusiasm seems to be high for those who make small satellites. “The Electron will be a game changer in a traditionally difficult launch market,” Mike Safyan, senior director of launch at Planet, said in a statement. “We are excited to quite literally be riding the leading edge with Rocket Lab.”
If this next flight is a success, Rocket Lab has hinted that it may skip the third test flight it planned to do and move straight into commercial launches. And the company claims it has a very full manifest already, including the launch of a lander being built by the private company Moon Express that's supposed to touch down on the lunar surface next year.
Advertisement Half of all U.S. guns are owned by just 3 percent of adults New Harvard/Northeastern research previewed by The Guardian and The Trace Share Copy Link Copy
Of the 256 million guns in America, more than half are concentrated in the hands of just 3 percent of adults, according to a new survey.That startling statistic comes from an unpublished survey by Harvard and Northeastern Universities. The results of the research were previewed Monday by The Guardian and The Trace.While the percentage of Americans who own guns has decreased from 25 percent to 22 percent since 1994, the number of firearms in the nation increased by 70 million. Among the top 3 percent of Americans, the average arsenal now consists of 17 guns each, according to the reports.More than half of all gun owners possess just one or two, the survey found.While those statistics may seem surprising, The Guardian interviewed a criminologist and marketing experts who said the rates were not unexpected.According to The Guardian, the most devoted consumers often account for the vast majority of a product's sales.Overall, the survey reports that gun owners were more likely to be self-described conservatives than liberals and more likely to be white males than part of any other demographic. Americans who owned a mix of handguns and long guns were also found to be less diverse than Americans who own only handguns.The research was based on answers provided by a nationally representative panel of 4,000 people who were paid to take surveys on various issues by a market research company. Get the WCVB News App
Earlier this week, I spoke with a Canadian literary agent who was bemoaning the depressing prospects for non-fiction writers in this country. They told me about a client who'd put together a proposal that attracted the interest of a publisher, but the advance – money provided upfront that counts against future royalties – was such that the author felt it wasn't enough to complete the book. It was shelved.
"Advances have come down so considerably it can be impossible for someone to do the book they want to do," the agent, Hilary McMahon, said. "If they're not going to get the support upfront from a publisher, they just can't spend three or four years doing the necessary research."
The previous day, I'd spoken to John Vaillant, one of Canada's most acclaimed literary journalists. They said they know writers who are rushing to finish "important, research-heavy, non-fiction" books in a matter of months – books that would normally require years of work – because "that's all they can afford to do."
Story continues below advertisement
"You have good people doing half-baked work against their better judgment and inclination," they said. "I'm seeing writers make those compromises."
Last September, when the finalists for the Hilary Weston Writers' Trust Prize for Nonfiction were announced, one of the jurors, journalist and novelist Charles Foran, told me that "it's hard to find the support to write a really major non-fiction book in Canada." (It must be noted the $60,000 prize, one of the richest in the country, went to Naomi Klein for This Changes Everything: Capitalism vs. the Climate.)
Are they right? Well, yes and no. I've spent the past week reading the finalists for another one of the country's major non-fiction awards, the $25,000 RBC Taylor Prize, the winner of which will be announced Monday. With the exception of historian David O'Keefe's One Day In August: The Untold Story Behind Canada's Tragedy at Dieppe, for the first time in the award's history, four out of five finalists are works of memoir. Plum Johnson's They Left Us Everything is an exploration of grief and the meaning of material possessions; M.G. Vassanji's And Home Was Kariakoo: A Memoir of East Africa, finds the two-time Giller Prize-winner returning to, and attempting to understand, the place where they were born and raised; Barbara Taylor's The Last Asylum: A Memoir of Madness in Our Times is both a cultural history of mental health care and a raw portrait of troubled life; and Kathleen Winter's Boundless: Tracing Land and Dream in a New Northwest Passage, which chronicles the author's two-week voyage to the Far North, is both a family memoir and a lucid travelogue of a place most of us will never visit.
Despite not all being "major" books, they still required time and effort to produce. In the case of Boundless, Winter's travel costs were covered when they agreed to serve as a writer-in-residence aboard a Russian icebreaker. "It would have cost me, altogether, at least $20,000," they say. "I wouldn't have been able to do [the book]."
Which brings to the problem of how to fund non-fiction. It's somewhat of a paradox. "We are living in a golden age of non-fiction," Vaillant says. The hashtag #longreads is a constant on Twitter, and there are more non-fiction prizes showering more money on Canadian writers than ever before. According to BookNet, Canada's most recent Canadian Book Market Annual, six of the 10 bestselling Canadian-authored titles of 2014 were works of non-fiction.
Then why is it so cost-prohibitive for writers to produce it? "We have to remember how small the Canadian market is," says Diane Turbide, Penguin Canada's publishing director. "For a lot of serious non-fiction, the audience is maybe 3,000 to 5,000. And that is not going to earn a large advance."
One prominent Canadian writer told me they fear that, soon, only those aligned with institutions – universities, think tanks – or with "the cash to support the habit" would be able to produce worthwhile non-fiction. Several suggested the decline of the magazine industry, which had served as both incubator and funder, hurt more than low advances.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
For many, looking outside Canada is key. Andrew Westoll, whose book The Chimps of Fauna Sanctuary won the Taylor Prize in 2012, says the book would have been radically diminished had they not found an American publisher: "While the advance was still modest, a modest advance in the States is different than here. When I got the American advance I knew the book was happening." Vaillant says their two books of non-fiction – The Golden Spruce and The Tiger – needed the support of the international market: "That's the only way I could do it."
When it came time to fund This Changes Everything, Naomi Klein says, "I wouldn't have been able to do the level of research that I did, and put together the research team that I did, just with my Canadian advance. And it still doesn't cover it," they add, noting they received help from organizations such as the Lannan Foundation and the Nation Institute. "It's a debt-driven process, but I don't think I can blame my publishers for that."
Finding foreign support is easier said than done. McMahon told me how their client James Raffan's Circling The Midnight Sun, one of the most acclaimed non-fiction works released last year, hasn't found an international publisher: "We have sent it to more than 30 publishers in the U.K., but they want the British man who went and travelled the Arctic. Everyone wants the expert from their own market."
A Canada unable to tell its own stories is a diminished Canada. "If you want to have your reality, your culture, your art and land and people, chronicled in a way that's worthy of the country and of the intelligence of the country, then you've got to pay," Vaillant says.
To read excerpts from the books nominated for the RBC Taylor Prize, as well as Q&As with the finalists, visit globeandmail.com/arts/books.
*Editor's note: An earlier version of this article incorrectly attributed a comment to journalist John Vaillant.
It was author Andrew Westoll, speaking of their book The Chimps of Fauna Sanctuary, who said: "While the advance was still modest, a modest advance in the states is different than here. When I got the American advance I knew the book was happening."
18 July 2009
Just yesterday I discovered a fruit-bearing vine overhanging my apartment complex. The fruits look vaguely fig-ish, but the leaves don't match that of a typical fig tree. The plant itself appears to be some kind of vine, climbing up a tall group of bushes that surround it.
Any thoughts on what this particular plant is?
A couple of leaves I grabbed from the vine (big)
The exterior of the fruit (big)
The insides look kind of figgy (big)
Inasmuch as I'd rather not poison myself, but I really like the idea of fresh figs, I'm eager to figure out exactly what this thing is. You can't quite tell from the pictures, but the leaves have smooth, round tips with no spines of any kind.
Update: when I sniff the fruit, it smells vaguely like honeysuckle. But then, it could just be my nose making things up.
All included graphics are generated at LaTeX to png .
contemporary entries
comments
Ruby decided, rather quickly, that Gandalf the Grey was an odd man.
While their familiarity with Frodo and the latter's relaxed nature around them effectively dampened most of Ruby's usual unsociable anxiety, there was something about them that simply unsettled them Perhaps this was because the wizened wizard exuded an energy more akin to Aura than anyone else she'd yet come across in Middle-earth. Or perhaps they reminded them a little too much of Professor Ozpin.
Either way, their mild discomfort was hardly noticeable as they grasped Frodo's hand to steady themselves and leapt into the wagon. Sweeping their skirt and cape under their knees, they perched comfortably on the wooden seat, arm encircling the post beside them Trusting people was one thing, but a rickety cart that appeared about as ancient as the wizard themselves was another matter entirely. However, as the reins were given a sharp jerk and they started off back toward town, Ruby realized they had little to fear and, gradually, their hold loosened.
"I see you've made yourself a friend, my dear boy," Gandalf began, peering over at them from beneath the brim of their tall hat. Their inquisitive yet at the same time scrutinizing gaze had Ruby wishing they could slink away quietly, but with the confines of the cart and Frodo seated next to her, there was nowhere to go. They were certain their nervous disposition was foolish, though was equally aware that that didn't help their predicament in the slightest.
"Gandalf, this is Ruby Rose," Frodo cast them a broad grin as they cheerfully announced their name, but it faded slightly when they caught their apparent aversion.
"Indeed," the man smiled pleasantly, seeming strangely satisfied, as if they were one they had been expecting to meet. That's the thing about wizards, you see - you never know what they know, and they always know an awful lot; more than most, in fact. Of course, this did nothing but confuse poor Ruby, who silently jostled with the movements of the wagon, "A pleasure, Miss Rose. Though, I must ask how a young human girl such as yourself came to reside in the Shire."
Frodo swiveled to face Gandalf almost completely, though not without first giving Ruby a questioning look, seeking their approval in order to offer an explanation. Receiving a contented nod and encouraging smile in return, they began, "Ruby is… not of Middle-earth, Gandalf. They come from another world, called Remnant. She's told Bilbo and I the most amazing stories…"
As Frodo carried on, Gandalf's thick brows crept steadily higher, until Ruby was certain they were attempting to escape their face altogether. However, no move was made to interrupt the Hobbit. They did not appear skeptical, which Ruby thought to be the strangest thing yet. One would think he'd believe them deranged, or at least not in the right state of mind, though they remained distinctly unfazed.
Rude as it may have been, they found themselves staring at him, silver eyes wide with curiosity and no small degree of confusion. As one with Aura, they could sense, in a manner of speaking, the energy given off by others. In Remnant, every living being radiated Aura on a certain level, and thus it was commonplace and comforting in its familiarity. This is what allowed her, and their fellow Huntsmen and Huntresses, to detect the presence of the creatures of Grimm. The absence of such energy in Middle-earth had been jarring at first, and taken some time to grow accustomed to, as there was simply nothing. Though now, seated close to one who had been described to them as a 'wizard', Ruby was intrigued by what emanated from him. It was not Aura, but something almost… archaic.
Deep within the forests of Remnant, beside a great and mighty river, stood the small, fragile home of a cold, frail man. A lone wizard… Ruby shook their head at the remembered fairytale Yang had once told them The comparison was ludicrous - surely there was no such thing as 'magic'. That was reserved for embellished tales and children's stories. Still, Ruby couldn't refute the similarity, and a bright smile tugged the corners of their mouth upward.
They were rather quickly brought back to the present, however, when Frodo's elbow nudged their side insistently. Giving a rapid series of blinks, they whipped 'round to meet their friend's concerned gaze,
"Are you alright, Ruby?" they inquired gingerly, as if tiptoeing about a particularly unpleasant topic. They were well aware that they sometimes got into one of their moods - be it they were thinking of home, or their sister and friends, or any number of things done or said. Their worry was alleviated when the distant look in their eyes faded, and their previously chipper nature returned.
"Oh, yeah! I'm fine. All good here," they extended an arm towards him, locking their elbow as they stuck their thumb towards the sky in an emphasis of their affirmation. Dropping their hand idly back into their lap, they absentmindedly picked at a piece of lint sticking to their skirts.
Frodo opened their mouth to voice a protest, as they were currently leaning toward the contrary of their statement, but Gandalf spoke before they had the chance to utter a single word, "Interesting indeed, my boy. Tell me, Miss Rose. By what happy circumstance did you find yourself in our world in the first place?"
"I, uh… well, I… umm…" Caught off guard by the question suddenly directed their way, Ruby mused uncertainly to themselves for a full quarter minute, occasionally giving a nervous chuckle.
"I don't know," they finally decided with a slight shake of their head, raven tresses swinging with the motion. They aren't inclined to explain themselves further, so they lapsed back into a steady silence, turning aside to gaze at the passing barley fields. Both the wizard and Frodo seemed to accept this, and the Hobbit quickly struck up the conversation anew,
"What news of the outside world, Gandalf? Tell me everything!"
"What, everything? Far too eager and curious for a Hobbit. Most unnatural," said Gandalf. The pair shared a smile, though the joking nature of the condescending tone was lost on Ruby. In fact, it had their leaning forward, frown deep set and creased into their youthful features.
"Since when is it a bad thing to be curious?"
Ruby never got an answer to their question, for it simply made Frodo laugh merrily, the wizard in their company chuckling as well with a peculiar twinkle in their eye. Feeling rather put out, Ruby pouted, folding their arms tightly over their chest, not fond of being the butt of some unknown joke.
Them displeasure did not last long, however. "Well, what can I tell you? Life in the wide world goes on much as if it has past age. Full of its own comings and goings, scarcely even aware of the existence of Hobbits…" Gandalf paused to observe the peaceful scene laid out before him, a warm, fond smile lightening their wizened face, "for which I am very thankful."
The cart rattled over the stone bridge, crossing the Water before the road widened as they approached the bustling market. Those gathered looked up, exclaiming in wonder and excitement as the cart bearing Gandalf, Frodo and Ruby rolled past the Green Dragon Inn. The young girl wondered for a moment what was so interesting, and then they remembered that Gandalf had not been in the Shire in years.
"Ruby! Ruby Rose!"
The voice that arose from the sea of rounded faces and clouds of pipe weed smoke was shrill and firm, and so unexpected that the red-clad reaper jumped a good foot off the wooden bench. A Hobbit was suddenly hurrying along beside the wagon, crows feet crinkling as they narrowed their gaze at the two seated beside them Glower fading, they smiled brightly at Ruby and took hold of their wrist,
"Ruby, dear, Farmer Hayward is having some trouble unloading their crop for the party tonight. He's been asking after you all morning. Won't you come help?"
"Oh! Yeah, sure!" Ruby pushed themselves upright, again taking hold of the cart's post to keep themselves steady. At the last second, they remembered themselves and turned, looking with sheepish innocence to Gandalf, "U-um… excuse me. It was nice to meet you."
Spotting the woman at last, Gandalf nodded and offered a bright smile, "Ah. Likewise, Miss Rose."
Ruby hopped off the cart, the jolt as they landed causing them no trouble, and immediately turned to wave exaggeratedly at the retreating form of their friend,
"I- uuuh. I'll see ya later Frodo!" They called, cupping a hand about the side of their mouth in an attempt to make the sound travel farther. They received a small return of the gesture. Satisfied, they turned to the Hobbit woman and grinned.
Chuckling to himself, Frodo reassumed their forward-facing position, gazing past the shambling old pony toward the party field. Expecting Gandalf to ask about all the commotion, they looked up at the wizard. The words on their tongue died upon seeing their worried expression, bidding them to pause a moment before a new question took place of what they had been about to say,
"Gandalf? What is it?"
Apparently shaken out of their trance, the old man blinked twice and gave a smile that Frodo could easily tell was forced, "It's nothing, my boy," they reassured, subtly tightening their hold on the reins in hand to which they gave an encouraging flick as the steed began to slow.
There was, indeed, something bothering the wise wizard. It was not Ruby specifically, nor the circumstances under which the young girl had found herself. Rather, there was simply an unsettling air about them - something Gandalf could not quite put their finger on. They were certain it was folly; they are, at any rate, a child, and one at that that stirred in them a great deal of protectiveness. It was evident that Frodo felt the same. However, they could not shake the feeling that something else was at work here. Something that even Ruby may not yet have been aware of.
After all, how often does one come across a being with silver eyes?
Image by author via MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images
This week, as Senate Republicans geared up to take away health insurance from millions of Americans, Donald Trump made a devastating announcement: "The United States Government will not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military," they tweeted Wednesday morning.
Trump attributed the ban decision to "the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail," but there are only a few thousand active-duty service members who identify as transgender, and their health costs account for somewhere between 0.04 and 0.13 percent of the budget for "active-component health care expenditures," according to RAND. So Trump's stated reasoning was, unsurprisingly, bullshit.
A White House official was shockingly candid about the actual reasoning behind the ban, telling Axios, "This forces Democrats in Rust Belt states like Ohio, Michigan, and Wisconsin, to take complete ownership of this issue. How will the blue collar voters in these states respond when senators up for re-election in 2018 like [Michigan Democratic senator] Debbie Stabenow are forced to make their opposition to this a key plank of their campaigns?"
In other words, this is a transparent attempt to heat up what's often labeled "the culture war," best exemplified by identity-based political issues, from the exquisitely petty "War on Christmas" pushed by FOX News to the North Carolina "bathroom bill" that barred trans people from using the restrooms that correspond to their genders.
Trump, otherwise no social conservative, loves to play up these issues. In speech delivered to the Boy Scouts on Monday evening, they said, "Under the Trump administration, you'll be saying 'Merry Christmas' again when you go shopping. Believe me. 'Merry Christmas.'"
These aren't dog whistles but open appeals to conservatives who aren't as ideological as much as they're angry—angry at immigrants for taking the jobs, angry at phone menus that ask them to press 1 for English, angry that they have to think about whether someone is a Christian or not, or whether they're hurting someone's feelings by using the wrong pronoun. Maybe Trump will make all of that better. Or maybe he'll just infuriate liberals, which is the next best thing.
Or, as Jane Coaston put it in a recent op-ed for BuzzFeed, "The policy conversations and conflicts and basic premises that once governed conservatism—or at least appeared to—have been largely replaced by a set of principles built on the rock-solid foundation of irritating liberals." GOP policies can do much more than merely annoy liberals—ask any trans soldier—but knee-jerk reactions against social progress is what defines conservatism today. Maybe in the past conservatives used the Bible or some nod to tradition to defend their views. But in the age of Trump, they can skip a few steps and go right to hating whatever liberals say.
In a column on Townhall headlined "We Must Elect Senator Kid Rock," conservative Kurt Schlichter wrote, "We're past voting for the ideology. Now we're ready to vote for the id." These two sentences, quoted by Coaston, better explain the rise of Trump, and the reasoning behind the majority of their political decisions, better than almost anything you'll read. Trump has succeeded by playing into broad cultural fears, never mind that their policies are hurting people, like trans folks in the military or undocumented immigrants, who don't have the power to defend themselves.
This rhetoric seeps into everything, even what should be serious policy debates. The GOP, it has become apparent, doesn't know what it wants to replace the Affordable Care Act, a.k.a. Obamacare, with. But that doesn't matter when everything is about whose side you're on.
Here's how a recent White House newsletter put it: "Obamacare has wreaked havoc on the lives of innocent, hard-working Americans. The question for every Senator, Republican or Democrat, is whether they will side with Obamacare's architects or with its forgotten victims." Obama(care) is the villain. Repeal and replace is heroic. You are the forgotten victim. Who's side are you on?
The bills that Senate Republicans are considering right now would actually cause premiums to rise for most people, and those who got Medicaid thanks to the ACA could see that insurance taken away. The problems of the ACA—not enough people receiving affordable care—will only be made worse. That hasn't stopped the GOP, which seems less and less in control of the rage It's used to win elections. The GOP can't manage to build anything, but they sure know how to destroy. The only question is, how far can they go down this road? And will they annihilate themselves in the process?
Follow Eve Peyser on Twitter.
In 1960, Americans were asked whether they would be pleased, displeased, or unmoved if their son or daughter married a member of the other political party.
Respondents reacted with a shrug. Only 5 percent of Republicans, and only 4 percent of Democrats, said they would be upset by the cross-party union. On the list of things you might care about in child's partner — are they kind, smart, successful, supportive? — which political party they voted for just didn't rate.
Fast forward to 2008. The polling firm YouGov asked Democrats and Republicans the same question — and got very different results. This time, 27 percent of Republicans, and 20 percent of Democrats, said they would be upset if their son or daughter married a member of the opposite party. In 2010, YouGov asked the question again; this time, 49 percent of Republicans, and 33 percent of Democrats, professed concern at interparty marriage.
For Shanto Iyengar, director of Stanford's political communications lab, the marriage polls were yet more evidence that something important was changing in American politics.
The big institutions and broad outlines of our political system have been so stable for so long that it makes it hard for people to see when the tectonic plates of American politics are actually shifting. There's been a Democratic Party and a Republican Party for most of the country's history, and they've always bickered, so it's easy to assume — particularly in a country with a short historical memory — that the partisanship we see now is simply how it's always been.
But Iyengar was coming to believe that today's political differences were fundamentally different from yesterday's political differences; the nature of American political partisanship, they worried, was mutating into something more fundamental, and more irreconcilable, than what it had been in the past.
Political scientists have mainly studied polarization as an ideological phenomenon — in this view, party polarization is really another term for political disagreement, and more polarization simply meant more severe disagreements. But it's hard to find the evidence that the disagreements among ordinary Americans have really become so much more intense.
"If you look at Americans' positions on the issues, they are much closer to the center than their elected representatives," Iyengar says. "The people who end up getting elected are super extreme, but the voters are not."
But even as American voters remained relatively centrist, they seemed to be getting angrier and more fearful of the other side.
After every election, researchers ask voters an almost endless series of questions, creating a rich record of why Americans vote the way they do. The result is called the American National Election Survey, and beginning in the 1980s it began to show something puzzling.
What caught Iyengar's eye was a section of the survey known as "the thermometer." The thermometer asks people to rate their feelings toward the two political parties on a scale of 1 to 100, where 1 is cold and negative and 100 is warm and positive. Iyengar noticed that since the 1980s, Republicans' feelings towards the Democratic Party, and Democrats' feelings towards the Republican Party, had dropped off a cliff.
In 1980, voters gave the opposite party a 45 on the thermometer — not as high as the 72 they gave their own party, but a pretty decent number all the same.
After 1980, though, the numbers began dropping. By 1992, the opposing party was down to 40; by 1998, it had fallen to 38; in 2012, it was down to 30. Meanwhile, partisans' views towards their own parties had remained pretty much unchanged — that 72 from 1980 had only fallen to 70 by 2012.
Iyengar's hypothesis was that rising political polarization was showing something more fundamental than political disagreement — it was tracking the transformation of party affiliation into a form of personal identity that reached into almost every aspect of our lives.
If they were right, then party affiliation wasn't simply an expression of our disagreements; it was also becoming the cause of them. If Democrats thought of other Democrats as their tribe and of Republicans as a hostile tribe, and vice versa, then the consequences would stretch far beyond politics — into things like, say, marriage.
And the data was everywhere. Polls looking at the difference between how Republicans viewed Democrats and how Democrats viewed Republicans now showed that partisans were less accepting of each other than white people were of black people or than black people were of white people.
But there was no way partisanship — an identity we choose, and that didn't matter much to us 50 years ago — could possibly have become a cleavage in American life as deep as race, right? That seemed crazy.
So Iyengar decided to test it.
The experiment was simple. Working with Dartmouth College political scientist Sean Westwood, Iyengar asked about 1,000 people to decide between the résumés of two high school seniors who were competing for a scholarship.
The resumes could differ in three ways: First, the senior could have either a 3.5 or 4.0 GPA; second, the senior could have been the president of the Young Democrats or Young Republicans club; third, the senior could have a stereotypically African-American name and have been president of the African-American Student Association or could have a stereotypically European-American name.
The point of the project was to see how political and cues affected a nonpolitical task — and to compare the effect with race. The results were startling.
When the résumé included a political identity cue, about 80 percent of Democrats and Republicans awarded the scholarship to their co-partisan. This held true whether or not the co-partisan had the highest GPA — when the Republican student was more qualified, Democrats only chose them 30 percent of the time, and when the Democrat was more qualified, Republicans only chose them 15 percent of the time.
Think about that for a moment: When awarding a college scholarship— a task that should be completely nonpolitical — Republicans and Democrats cared more about the political party of the student than the student's GPA. As Iyengar and Westwood wrote, "Partisanship simply trumped academic excellence."
It also trumped race. When the candidates were equally qualified, about 78 percent of African Americans chose the candidate of the same race, and 42 percent of European Americans did the same. When the candidate of the other race had a higher GPA, 45 percent of African Americans chose him, and 71 percent of European Americans chose him.
But Iyengar and Westwood wondered whether these results would really hold outside the laboratory setting. After all, the study's participants knew their answers were being judged by the researchers. Perhaps discriminating against members of the other party was socially acceptable in a way discriminating against people of the other race simply wasn't. In other words, perhaps people are willing to show their partisan bias whereas they hide their racial bias, and that was what was behind the results.
So Iyengar and Westwood came up with another test — a test that would be much harder to fool.
Taking an implicit-association test is a humbling experience. Your job, as the test taker, is to hit a letter on your keyboard when certain word and images flash together. The instructions are to go as fast as you can, but the fastest you can go is sluggish compared with the pace of the program. You get nervous, your finger stumbling over the keys, hitting the wrong ones. And the whole time you're doing it, you know you're being judged, and you realize, with a sickening certainty, that the verdict isn't going to be good.
The point of IATs is to measure the snap judgments your brain makes at speeds faster than conscious thought. Mountains of psychological research shows that these judgments are powerful — that much of what we consciously think is an after-the-fact rationalization for the instant judgment we made before we had time to think. IATs are meant to expose those judgments.
The test is grounded in studies of racism: Researchers will ask subjects to pair positive words with black and white faces, and see which they have more trouble doing. The underlying insight is that the task is easier to complete when it aligns with people's automatic, unconscious reaction than when it isn't — you're faster when you can go with instinct then when you have to suppress it. Study after study shows that IATs are at least somewhat predictive of real-world racial bias. They have since been extended to measure bias in gender, age, weight, and more.
Taking an implicit-association test is a humbling experience
Iyengar and Westwood's idea was simple: Why not use an IAT to measure partisan bias, too?
So they built one. And the results were fascinating. But before we run through them, Iyengar and Westwood kindly shared their code with us, and so you can take the test here, or at the top of this article, and see how strong your bias is.
The results showed, as you might expect, that Democrats exhibit an automatic bias against Republicans, and vice versa. What was surprising was that the bias partisans exhibited for their out-group exceeded the bias white participants showed for black people, or that black participants showed for white people. According to the test, Americans are more automatically partisan than they are automatically racist. (If you want to know your own results on the racism test, you can take a version meant to test racial bias here.)
This was, to Westwood, a bit of a shock. "To be honest, I didn't expect this to work at all," they say. "The common story is most Americans don't care about politics, they don't understand politics, they don't understand policy. So you wouldn't expect Americans to have strong preferences. That's where I started."
Together, the two experiments suggest that partisanship now extends beyond politics — it's becoming a fundamental identity in American life, and may well lead to discrimination in completely apolitical contexts.
I asked two other political scientists — John Sides and Danny Hayes, both of George Washington University — whether they bought Iyengar and Westwood's data. Both said they did, though they noted that opportunities for partisan discrimination are less common than opportunities for racial or gender discrimination, if for no other reason than partisanship is less visible.
Still, the impulse to discriminate against the out-party is real. "The more partisanship becomes a social identity — and I think this is as true today as it's been in modern American politics — the more we should expect people to engage in in-group favoritism and out-group discrimination," Hayes said.
Iyengar's hypothesis is that partisan animosity is one of the few forms of discrimination that contemporary American society not only permits but actively encourages.
"Political identity is fair game for hatred," they say. "Racial identity is not. Gender identity is not. You cannot express negative sentiments about social groups in this day and age. But political identities are not protected by these constraints. A Republican is someone who chooses to be Republican, so I can say whatever I want about them."
You can see an example when you look at the media, Westwood observes. There are no major cable channels devoted to making people of other races look bad. But there are cable channels that seem devoted to making members of the other party look bad. "The media has become tribal leaders," they say. "They're telling the tribe how to identify and behave, and we're following along."
Iyengar and Westwood's research is a fundamental challenge to the way we like to believe American politics works. A world where we won't give an out-party high schooler with a better GPA a nonpolitical scholarship is not a world in which we're going to listen to politicians of the other side on emotional, controversial issues — even if they're making good arguments that are backed by the facts.
"[The media] is telling the tribe how to identify and behave, and we're following along"
Iyengar's initial insight was that political polarization might be less about policy than it is about identity, and their research more than proves it. "The old theory was political parties came into existence to represent deep social cleavages," they say. "But now party politics has taken on a life of its own — now it is the cleavage."
That changes the playbook for cynical presidential candidates, policymakers, pundits, and so on.
"The major take-home here is it's relatively easy to score points by attacking the opposition and touting the goodness of one's own party," says Westwood. "If you're trying to get the largest return from voters, it would make sense for politicians to try to activate social identity rather than focus on policy."
Winning an argument, at least when you're talking to co-partisans, is less about persuasion than about delegitimization — the savvy move isn't to try to build a better case than the other side, but to make clear that the other side is the other side.
Westwood is quick to note that the comparison to racism doesn't mean that partisanship is somehow worse than racism, more pervasive, or more damaging. It's easier to see — and thus discriminate — against people based on their skin color than their partisanship, for instance. And as Jenée Desmond-Harris has written, political beliefs are a choice with moral implications while race is not. Judging someone on whether they support gay marriage, universal healthcare, or gun laws is far different than judging someone on the color of their skin.
What Iyengar and Westwood's research shows, however, is that partisanship is no longer just a political phenomenon. Party and ideology have become powerful forms of personal identity, and the way they inform our lives — who we listen to, who we help, even who we love — now stretches far beyond the political realm.
July 2, 2010
The information is too important not to jot down...this is a rushed post.
I just finished watching a re-run of Ahmad Mansour's Al-Jazeera Arabic - interview with Prof.Chris Busby. Prof Busby is a Scientist and Director of Green Audit, and scientific secretary of the European Committee on Radiation Risks. To find out more on Prof Chris Busby and their work -- Google -- Chris Busby Uranium.
Prof Busby has published many articles on radiation, uranium and contamination in countries such as Lebanon, Kosovo, Gaza and of course Iraq.
Their latest findings - which were the subject of the program aired on Al-Jazeera are what I will focus on here.
As some of you know, Falluja is a forbidden city. It was subjected to intense bombardments in 2004, with DU bombs and White phosphorus, and since it has become a no-go zone - meaning that both the Iraqi puppet authorities and the U.S invading/occupying forces do not allow anyone to conduct any real study in Falluja. Falluja is basically under siege.
Obviously both the Americans and the Iraqis know something and are hiding it from the public. And this is where Prof. C.Busby comes in the picture. They are/is adamant to get to the bottom of what took place in Falluja in 2004.
Being a top scientist in their field, they set out to conduct a survey/research in Falluja whose preliminary results will be published in 2 weeks - hopefully.
Prof Busby found many obstacles while undertaking this project. Neither they nor any member of their team were allowed access to Falluja to conduct interviews. They said when the main door closes, one has to find other doors to open. And this is what they did. They managed to gather a team of Iraqis from Falluja to conduct the surveys for him.
The research project was based on 721 families from Falluja with 4'500 participants - living in both high level and lower level radiation zones. Results were compared to a control group - a sample of the same number of families living in a non radioactive zone in another Arab country. For the purpose of the study they chose three other countries for comparison - Kuwait, Egypt and Jordan.
Before getting into the preliminary results I must note the following :
- the Iraqi authorities threatened all the participants of this survey with arrest and detention should they cooperate with the "terrorists" who were interviewing them. In other words, they were threatened under the anti-terrorism act.
- The U.S forces prohibited Dr.Busby for gathering any data, arguing that Falluja is an insurgency zone.
- The doctors from Falluja turned down the request to be aired live on the Ahmad Mansour program because they had received several death threats and feared for their lives.
In other words, the study was conducted under very difficult and life threatening conditions. But it was conducting nonetheless.
As the program has not been uploaded on youtube, I can't give a word for word transcription. I took short hand notes and memorized the rest. But I will do my best to present all the facts I heard today.
So what is it that the US and its Iraqi puppets do not want the public to learn ? And why are they being not allowing any measurements of the levels of radiation in Falluja, and why did they even forbid the IAEA to enter Falluja ?
What exactly happened in Falluja ? What were the kinds of bombs used ? Was it just DU or more ?
1) One thing that is very peculiar to Falluja is that the rates of cancer have risen dramatically in a very short space of time i.e since 2004. Examples given by Dr.Busby :
- rate of Child Leukemia is 40 X (times) higher since 2004 than during previous years. And compared to Jordan for instance it is 38 X times higher.
- rate of breast cancer is 10 X higher since 2004
- rate of lymphatic cancer is also 10 x higher since 2004.
2) Another peculiarity to Falluja is the dramatic rise in infant mortality rates. Compared to 2 other Arab countries like Kuwait and Egypt who are not contaminated by radiation these are the figures :
- infant mortality rates for Falluja is 80 infants out of 1'000 births in comparison to Kuwait with 9 infants out of 1'000, and to Egypt with 19 infants out of 1'000. (so Iraqi infant mortality rate is 4 times higher than Egypt and 9 times higher than Kuwait)
3) the third peculiarity to Falluja is the number of genetic deformities that has suddenly exploded since 2004. This is a subject I've already covered in the past. But this is not the whole story, today I learned something else. The radiation of whatever agent that was used by the "liberating forces", not only causes massive genetic deformities but also and this is very important :
- it causes structural changes at the cellular level.
- which in turns means due to the genetic makeup of male infants (lack of X chromosome), male infants are more likely to die at birth, and female infants are more likely to survive birth with strong deformities. And here another example is given by Dr.Busby : prior to 2003 the birth rates in Falluja were as follows : 1050 male infants to 1000 female infants. In 2005, there has been only 350 male infants born - meaning that male infants do not survive.
- as for the female infants and this is where the tragedy lies...radiation causes change at the DNA level, which means that these same female if they do survive, and if they do reproduce will give birth to genetically disfigured females and dead male infants.
- the above findings are backed by other studies conducted on the children and grandchildren of Hiroshima survivors (in 2007) and which show that even the third generation exhibits genetic malformations including disease(cancer, heart, etc...)by a rate of 50 X times. In Chernobyl on the other hand, studies on animals in the same area have shown that the effects of radiation have genetically modified 22 generations. In sum radiation is transmitted from gene to gene and has a cumulative effect with time. (won't go into how - with cells accumulation/ memory and the working of the immune system - here. You can read more details about that once Prof Busby's paper is published)
- Some of the infant deformities are so grotesque that both Al-Jazeera and the BBC who produced a documentary on the same subject - refused to air pictures to their viewers. Examples of deformities which Ahmad Mansour has pictures of are :
* children born without eyes
* children with two and three heads
* children born with no orifices
* children born with brain and eye/retina malignant tumors
* children born with vital organs lacking
* children born with missing limbs or extra ones
* children born with no genitals
* children born with severe cardiac malformation
and more...
- on that same point, doctors in Falluja were asked for the purpose of the study to note the rates of birth defects in the space of one month and compare to a previous month and this is the result : in the space of one month alone births with defects rose from 1 x day (previous month) to 3 x day (current month designated for the study which was February 2010)
- Uranium is fed into the blood stream through ingestion and inhalation. The massive levels of Uranium the people of Falluja were subjected to also accounts for the vertiginous rise in lung, lymph nodes and breast cancers in adults.
Already with these preliminary findings, Prof. Busby and their team concluded that in comparison to Hiroshima and Nagazaki - Falluja was worse. And I quote from Dr.Busby : " The situation in Falluja is scary and horrendous, it is more dangerous and worse than Hiroshima..."
On a side but very related note :
I mentioned these are preliminary results - why so ?
Because Prof. Busby has been harassed and has had their research funds slashed, doors closed in their face, threatened, (alongside other scientists who tried conducting similar studies in the 90's in Iraq), abandoned by the scientific community, mobbed --because of the nature of their work on Iraq. The political implications are enormous and dangerous for the US and its cronies. It means that the scientific evidence for War Crimes is right here at our fingertips...
Hence Prof. Busby's life has been made very difficult. The research paper that they took great pains in conducting and producing was sent to the Lancet for reviewing at the Scientific committee level, the Lancet turned it down saying it did not have the time to review it. Labs who cooperated in the past to test samples - turned them down when they found out that the samples were from Iraq. Only 2 labs are willing to test the samples for the EXACT MATERIAL/AGENT USED IN FALLUJA - and they are willing to do so only at a very exorbitant price - again due to the sensitive nature of the study. Also due to lack of funds, Prof Busby has about 20 samples from Falluja for testing -- that they are carefully safeguarding -- is awaiting the necessary funds to do so.
When asked by Ahmad Mansour what makes them persevere seeing all the formidable obstacles that they have been facing - their reply was :
" All my life, I sought the Truth, I am a hunter of the Truth in a jungle of lies. I also have children. Children are not only our future, they are the carriers of future generations. For 50 years we have been contaminating the planet (with radiation) and we pass this legacy onto our children and grandchildren. We owe it to the people of Falluja to find out the Truth "
When asked how they manage with no funds and doors closing in their face - their reply was :
" I rely on the goodwill of people who send little amounts here and there, and am also a firm believer if the main door closes, open other ones. When there's a will, there's a way."
Hats off to you Prof. Busby.
I urge all the people reading this post, all people of conscience, I urge all the Iraqis (get a move on for God's sake!) and all Arabs to contact Prof. Busby and to donate so the samples from Falluja can be tested and the Truth can be uncovered. And I shall end this post with a final quote from this great dedicated man
" The Truth has wings that can't be clipped "
I have to end here. It's early morning, I have not slept yet. I wanted to get this out to the world...the question I shall take with me to bed -- if I can ever close my eyes -- is the same question I have been asking since 2003 - Why ? What have the Iraqi people, what have the Iraqi children done to you to deserve all that ?
The implications are harrowing....
P.S: Paola Pisi, Editor of Uruknet found the youtube video, it has just been uploaded. I don't know how they do these things because I've been searching for it for hours. Thank you Paola. Here's another dedicated person to theTruth. If anyone can translate it fully into English I'd appreciate that. Am really too exhausted to review it now and compare it to my notes, above. Again I repeat my plea - IRAQIS GET OFF YOUR ASSES. "Foreigners" care more about your country and the Truth than you do. Shameful lot !
Evanston police fatally shot a bank robbery suspect near the busy downtown interesection of Davis Street and Maple Avenue this afternoon.
The man, who police say had just held up the Chase Bank branch at Grove Street and Elmwood Avenue, was walking northbound on Maple Avenue near Bennison's Bakery around 3 p.m. when they were confronted by several officers with their guns drawn.
Updated 4:35 p.m.: Police Cmdr. Jay Parrott says that, when confronted by the officers, the man displayed a handgun. After numerous officers on the scene told them to drop the weapon, Parrott says, the man pointed the weapon at the officers, several of whom then fired their weapons, striking the man.
The man was taken to Evanston Hospital where they were pronounced dead.
Crime scene tape around Bennison's Bakery after the shooting.
Parrott says that officers responding to the bank robbery call had received a description of the robber from a teller at the bank and that the man had last been seen going westbound on foot from the bank.
They say the man the officers confronted about a block away on Maple Avenue matched the description provided by the teller.
Parrott says police recovered a loaded 9mm handgun from the man and also recovered at the scene money taken from the bank.
A bank camera image of the Chase Bank robber from the FBI via BanditTracker.com.
Parrott says Maple Avenue from Grove to Davis streets will be closed for some time as police process evidence from the incident.
The Illinois State Police Public Integrity Unit will handle the officer involved shooting investigation along with the department's Office of Professional Standards.
The man killed in Evanston today is also believed to be a suspect in the robbery of a TCF Bank branch at 4355 N. Sheridan in Chicago last Thursday.
Lately I've been working pretty closely on some MVVM frameworks. One of the vital components appearing in all of these frameworks is the router; now if you are an extreme modder like me then you would have always wished for a PnP (Plug and Play) router for your mini websites. Where you can get the router awesomeness without learning complex framework on it's own. Now if you Google there are already options like Routie, Davis.js etc. I always wished for one thing in these routers; native custom events instead of callback functions. Now given my experience in MiMViC (a PHP framework I wrote, still used in some private commercial applications), I came up with a minimal pluggable routing framework; that can let you do static routes like /inbox and allow to let capture you variables like /posts/(id)/comments (where id will be captured from value in URI).
Router.map
Router.map(url_pattern, event_name | function)
I've simply named my router as Router (but it's scope can be changed from window object; see the source code down in post). Once loaded you can simply do Router.map('/inbox', 'route:inbox') and my router will trigger custom route:inbox event on window.document object. You can capture variables by putting a name in parenthesis Router.map('/drafts/(id)', 'load:draft') . Your event listener (or callback function YUKHH!) will receive an object with attribute data : {params: ... , route: ...} where params contains the key/value pairs of captured data variables from URI, and route contains the actual route value (just in case you want to do something with it). Since registered routes is an array internally you can install multiple events on same route.
Router.match
Router.match(string_url)
Now once the routers are installed you can manually invoke the magic with the match function, if the passed path string matches any of the registered routes it will trigger your events. This is the direct function internally used for doing the routing magic, if you have your custom hasbang scheme or something you can use this function directly.
Router.start and Router.stop
Router.start() Router.stop()
But router will do you the white magic of triggering events automatically and start listening to hash change events for you. All you have to do is start the Router or maybe stop the Router .
Download and Demo
You can have a look at demo here and get the router itself from my gist. Feel free to contribute and improve; it's all MIT licensed.
Things are really starting to heat up in Antarctica.
The weather blog Weather Underground reports that temperatures at Esperanza Base — on the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula — hit a record-breaking high of 63.5°F (17.5°C) on Tuesday, Mar. 24.
Just a day earlier, temperatures at the nearby Marambio Base had reached 63.3°F (17.4°C).
Prior to these two days, the hottest temperature ever recorded on the continent was 62.8°F (17.1°C), on April 24, 1961 (this was also at Esperanza Base).
The records are not yet official, however. According to Weather Underground,
“The World Meteorological Organization—WMO—has not yet certified that this week's temperatures are all-time weather records for Antarctica, though the Argentinian weather service has verified that the temperatures measured at Esperanza Base and Marambio Base were the highest ever measured at each site.”
But regardless as to whether they become official records or not, last week's remarkably high temperatures in Antarctica are just the latest example of the effects of global warming.
A study published last week revealed that the melting of Antarctica's floating ice shelves has been accelerating, leaving the shelves nearly 20% thinner than they were two decades ago.
According to the British Antarctic Survey, temperatures in the region have risen an average of about 5°F (2.8°C) over the past 50 years.
Read the original story from Time.
Charles Severance appears in court. (NBCWashington )
An eccentric former Virginia political candidate was indicted on Monday in three killings that had sparked fears a serial killer could be loose in the Washington area.
A grand jury in Alexandria, Virginia, charged Charles Severance with 10 counts, including murder and firearms charges, the commonwealth attorney's office said in a statement.
The seemingly random killings in Alexandria, a Washington suburb, had aroused concerns about a possible serial killer.
“We've been waiting for this day for a long time,” Alexandria Police Chief Earl Cook told a news conference that was carried online.
Severance was indicted in the February slaying of music teacher Ruthanne Lodato, the November 2013 shooting of regional transportation planner Ronald Kirby and the 2003 killing of real estate agent Nancy Dunning.
Cook said no weapons had been found and only Severance was involved in the killings. Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille has called them a person of interest in the cases.
Alexandria Commonwealth's Attorney Bryan Porter does not intend to seek the death penalty and the maximum penalty is life in prison, their office said.
Severance lived in Alexandria in the 1990s and the early 2000s and ran for mayor and Congress as a fringe candidate. They sometimes wore a tricorn hat, was known for ranting in public and once threw a punch at the organizer of a mayoral debate.
Severance was arrested in West Virginia in March on an open Virginia gun possession charge and was extradited to Loudoun County, Virginia.
The Washington Post cited court records that said they had seen a psychiatrist and resisted taking an anti-psychotic drug used to treat schizophrenia.
(Reporting by Ian Simpson; Editing by Peter Cooney and Jonathan Oatis)
“There's gonna be some vicious s— said on stage tonight,” promised a staffer on Comedy Central's roast of Charlie Sheen. And they were right. Celebrity roasters took the dais for the much-buzzed-about special and open fired, mocking Sheen's history of drug use and employing prostitutes, as well as allegations of the actor abusing women. Here's EW's slightly NSFW live blog from the Culver City event (and if you just want to read the eight meanest jokes, go here):
— Comedian Jeffrey Ross throws some tough punches: “Charlie's meltdown was so bad Al Gore is making a documentary about it. Charlie's nostrils are so snotty and full of coke they call them ‘the Hilton sisters.' … Charlie if you're ‘winning,' something is wrong with the scoreboard. If you're winning, this must not be a child custody hearing. The only time your kids get to see you is in reruns — don't you want to live to see their first 12 steps? [Sheen's ex wife] Brooke Mueller is not very bright unless Charlie throws a lamp at them … Mike Tyson, your opponents spent more time bleeding in the corner than Charlie's ex-wives.”
— Host Seth MacFarlane takes the stage and starts in on Sheen, “a man who was great in two things 25 years ago.” They note CBS' Two and a Half Men will air a mock funeral for Sheen's character during its premiere on the same night the Comedy Central roast airs but, “You can just wait a couple months and see the real thing.” MacFarlane then started to read an obituary they wrote for Sheen, saying the actor was found dead in their apartment, then stopped: “I just kinda just copied Amy Winehouse's obituary,” adding they “only had to change a few things … like calling them a ‘talent who will be missed.'” Then MacFarlane said: “You've seen their movies [and] if you're a prostitute you've seen them point a gun at your face while you try to get them hard. … Charlie, you claim to have ‘tiger blood,' but after all the porn stars you've [had sex with], it's probably Tiger Wood's blood … How do you get fired from Two and a Half Men? Do they haul you in and say, ‘Sorry, you don't suck enough?'”
— Jon Lovitz takes the dais: “How much blow can Charlie Sheen do? Enough to kill Two and a Half Men.” … Lovitz also threw a shot at fellow roaster, Private Practice star Kate Walsh: “Kate could play younger roles but they lack one thing: moisture.”
— Walsh is introduced by MacFarlane as “the hottest actor of 2002.” Walsh shoots back: “The only difference between [Seth] and the hooker Charlie locked in the closet is the hooker eventually came out.” Then: “Charlie, you're an incredible medical specimen, one of the benefits of waking up at the crack of crack.” And then: “It's amazing, after abusing your lungs, liver and kidneys, the only thing you've had removed is your kids.” (And that one gets an ohhhh from the audience).
— Comedian Anthony Jeselnik starts out with a low blow, referencing the actor taking over Spin City: “The only reason you got on TV in the first place is because God hates Michael J. Fox. … You dropped out of school faster than Casey Anthony's kid. … You've convinced more woman to get abortions than the pre-natal test for Down syndrome.”
— Mike Tyson is on stage. They keep nervously playing with their jacket, their jokes have a profane poetry slam theme. This segment is going to be edited pretty heavily. If more than 90 seconds of this makes it on the air, I'd be surprised. “This wife beating coke head who claims he's a rock star from Mars, if they were black he'd be behind bars” — like that.
— Steve-O starts off by mocking the low-wattage dais: “The last time this many nobodies got roasted at least the band Great White was playing.” Then takes on Sheen: “Your nose is like my ass, there's nothing you won't shove up there. … You do have magical powers: your wife, your job, your teeth. … Charlie still hasn't hit rock bottom, he's is looking forward to it though because they think there's a rock there.”
— Comedian Amy Schumer mocks the dais first, Tyson (“You have a slutty lower back tattoo on your face”) and William Shatner (“I've seen less bloated men dragged out of rivers”). Then hits Sheen: “There's no denying how famous you are. It was international news when you ruined the lives of those two girls living with you, your daughters. … You're just like Bruce Willis — you were big in the 80s and now your old slot is being filled by Ashton Kutcher.”
— MacFarlane introduces Shatner as “the guy who played Captain Kirk on Star Trek before it looked like gay guys working in a Mac store.” Shatner replied by telling the audience, “keep it going for Chaz Bono.” Shatner then gets on Sheen: “I know another guy who was kind to whores and they got crucified by Jews too. … I've had sex in space with green women; you've had sex with blue women because they couldn't handle their drugs… Would it kill you to open a door for [a woman] before locking them in a closet?”
— And FINALLY … Charlie Sheen himself, giving their rebuttal: “Until tonight I never realized how f—ed up I was. I just thought I was having fun … Kate Walsh, I don't know anybody who watches your show, because I date woman who can still get their period. When the show gets canceled it's the worst news your fan will hear until their cat gets Leukemia. … Jon Lovitz, just last week we chatted in the backyard and had a few laughs, then they got back on the mower and drove off. … Amy Schumer, you really f—ed me tonight, which is great because I'm into anonymous sex, and nobody is more anonymous than you. … I asked William Shatner to be here because I needed some clean urine; I had to wring it out of the diaper, but it did its job.” They concluded: “Once again, I come out unscathed. You can't hurt me. I can't kill me … Did you really think your little jokes were going to hurt me? I did porn stars. I did drugs. Then I did the one thing everybody in America wishes they could do. I told my boss to f— off. And then it was gone. … I'm done with ‘the winning' because I've already won.”
[/caption]
Read more:
Charlie and Martin Sheen reunite for ‘Apocalypse Now' parody video — EXCLUSIVE VIDEO
Charlie Sheen roast will be a ‘comedy intervention'
Jon Cryer reveals ‘Men' details: Alan is Ashton's love mentor, Charlie's death addressed all season — EXCLUSIVE
Charlie Sheen's first Comedy Central roast teaser — VIDEO
Intel and Samsung have both shown off 32-nm silicon
IBM, Toshiba, AMD, Samsung, Chartered, Infineon and Freescale have formed the alliance to cut development costs.
More transistors on a chip equals more processing power, but the development process is highly expensive.
Analyst Malcolm Penn of Future Horizons said the alliance was an example of "pre-competitive collaboration".
Mr Penn said: "The industry needs a huge amount of money to reinvent itself every two years."
They likened the cost of building a new chip factory to buying a fleet of more than 12 A380 Super Jumbos.
The seven companies have agreed to work through 2010 to design, develop and produce the chips using tiny circuitry.
'Contained market'
Chips built using the 32-nm process can have more than one billion transistors on them. The group's chips could be used in everything from memory, computers, graphics cards, set-top boxes to game consoles.
Intel, the world's biggest supplier of chips to the computer industry, is not part of the alliance.
Mr Penn said: "Intel is in a very focused marketplace; it really only makes chips for PCs. It's a contained market with very, very little competition so Intel's absence in this alliance is not important."
Mark Bohr, Intel Senior Fellow and Director of Process Architecture and Integration, said the need for the alliance showed what a giant undertaking the roll out of new chip technology was.
They said a new fabrication plant to produce the chips could cost $3bn and that Intel would be building three in order to meet demand.
Despite the huge costs, they said Intel was able to go it alone.
"Not only can we do it, it gives us an advantage," they told BBC News.
"We don't have to deal with the co-ordination issues that the alliance will. We are able to lead the way with the technology."
The alliance will focus on sharing the cost of developing the building blocks of the 32-nanometre chips.
Mr Penn said: "This is about sharing the basic development of the recipe for the chips. Those building blocks are then put together by the separate companies in a fiercely competitive way."
Harvey is a 1950 American comedy-drama film based on Mary Chase's play of the same name, directed by Henry Koster, and starring James Stewart and Josephine Hull. The story is about a man whose best friend is a pooka named Harvey – in the form of a six foot eight tall invisible rabbit.
Plot [ edit ]
Elwood P. Dowd (Stewart) is a middle-aged, amiable though somewhat eccentric man whose best friend is an invisible 6 foot, 31/2inch tall rabbit named Harvey. As described by Dowd, Harvey is a pooka, a benign but mischievous creature from Celtic mythology who is especially fond of social outcasts (like Elwood). Elwood has driven their sister and niece (who live with them and crave normality and a place in society) to distraction by introducing everyone they meet to their friend, Harvey. Their family seems to be unsure whether Dowd's obsession with Harvey is a product of their (admitted) propensity to drink or perhaps mental illness.
Elwood spends most of their time in the local bar, and throughout the film invites new acquaintances to join them for a drink (or to their house for dinner). The bartender and regulars accept the existence of Harvey, and the bartender asks how they both are and unflinchingly accepts an order from Elwood for two martinis.
Elwood's sister, Veta Louise Simmons (Hull), tries to have them committed to a sanatorium. In exasperation, they admit to the attending psychiatrist Dr. Lyman Sanderson (Charles Drake) that, after so many years of putting up with the invisible rabbit, they see Harvey every once in a while herself. This causes Dr. Sanderson to let Elwood out and lock Veta up. After sorting out the mistake, Dr. Chumley (Cecil Kellaway), head of the sanatorium, decides that to save the reputation of the sanatorium they must bring Elwood back. At one point, when their daughter asks how someone possibly could imagine a rabbit, Veta says to their "Myrtle Mae, you have a lot to learn and I hope you never learn it."
When tracked down, Elwood goes through several ordeals, although they remain largely oblivious to the plans put in place for them by Dr. Chumley, Judge Gaffney (William Lynn), and Veta Louise. In a scene where Dr. Sanderson and their nurse Miss Kelly (Peggy Dow) follow Elwood into an alley at the back of their and Harvey's favorite bar, Charlie's, Elwood tells the incredible story of how they came to meet Harvey, and explains the way in which people react when they meet them. In a later scene, they give Dr. Chumley an insight into their philosophy of life:
“ Years ago my mother used to say to me, she'd say, 'In this world, Elwood, you must be' – they always called me Elwood – 'In this world, Elwood, you must be oh so smart or oh so pleasant.' Well, for years I was smart. I recommend pleasant. You may quote me. ”
Elwood also explains that Harvey has the power to stop time: "Did I tell you they could stop clocks? Well, you've heard the expression 'His face would stop a clock'? Well, Harvey can look at your clock and stop it. And you can go anywhere you like, with anyone you like, and stay as long as you like. And when you get back, not one minute will have ticked by. You see, science has overcome time and space. Well, Harvey has overcome not only time and space, but any objections."
In the final scene of the film, Elwood (along with everybody else) arrives back at the hospital. By this point, Dr. Chumley is not only convinced of Harvey's existence, but has begun spending time with them on their own, with a mixture of admiration and fear.
Dr. Sanderson convinces Elwood to come into their office where they will receive a serum called Formula 977 that will stop Dowd from "seeing the rabbit". As they are preparing for the injection, Elwood's sister is told by their cab driver about all the other people they have driven to the sanatorium to receive the same medicine, warning them that Elwood will become "just a normal human being. And you know what stinkers they are." Upset by the very thought of this, Veta halts the injection by banging on the examining room door, at which point Elwood comforts them and explains their tears to others with, "Veta's all tired out, she's done a lot today."
Miss Kelly (Peggy Dow) and Dowd ( James Stewart ). Judge Gaffney (William H. Lynn) is in the background.
As Elwood is leaving, Dr. Chumley asks Elwood for Harvey's help, and Elwood, being the obliging fellow they are, makes no objection. Dr. Chumley, arm in arm with an invisible companion, asks "Have you ever been to Akron?"
After the gates to Chumley's Residence are closed, and Elwood is leaving, they stop, turns around and has a conversation with an invisible Harvey, who is already back from their trip to Akron and reaffirms their friendship. Harvey opens the gate, and Elwood and their invisible companion saunter off towards the bus stop, following Veta and Myrtle Mae, towards the planned last stop of Charlie's Bar and another drink.
Through the film, Elwood looks up at Harvey. Stewart, at 6'4", decided that Harvey should be 6'8" for the film, but the script lines stating that Harvey was 6' 3.5" were unchanged from the play.[3]
Cast [ edit ]
Reception [ edit ]
Reviews from critics were mostly positive. Bosley Crowther of The New York Times wrote that "so freely flowing is the screenplay which Mrs. Chase and Oscar Brodney have prepared, so vivid and droll is the direction which Henry Koster has given it and, particularly, so darling is the acting of James Stewart, Josephine Hull and all the rest that a virtually brand-new experience is still in store for even those who saw the play."[4] Variety wrote that the play "loses little of its whimsical comedy charm in the screen translation," and that Stewart "would seem the perfect casting for the character so well do they convey the idea that escape from life into a pleasant half-world existence has many points in its favor."[5] Harrison's Reports wrote, "A brief synopsis cannot do justice to the humor in the story, much of it delightful and some of it hilarious. Stewart is excellent in the leading role; their casual ease and amiability, and the quiet manner in which they explain their relationship with 'Harvey,' are fascinating."[6] Richard L. Coe of The Washington Post called it "one of the most beguiling comedies possible ... I'm certain you'll admire the able playing of Stewart and the marvelous out-of-this-world perplexity of the superb Mrs. Hull. Both are Academy Award performances."[7] John McCarten of The New Yorker called it "a movie that only a case-hardened wowser would fail to find beguiling. Even if you saw the play, I don't think your familiarity with the alcoholic hallucinations of Elwood P. Dowd, the hero, will diminish your enjoyment of the film, and though James Stewart, who plays Dowd in the picture, doesn't bring to their part all the battered authority of Frank Fay, the originator of the role, they nevertheless succeeds in making plausible the notion that Harvey, the rabbit, would accept them as a pal."[8] The Monthly Film Bulletin was less positive, writing that "Harvey themselves scarcely begins to exist for the audience until the last few minutes. In their absence, the humours that can be extracted from the more obvious aspects of lunacy or suspected lunacy are wrung rather dry."[9]
TV Guide says James Stewart gave "one of their finest performances in this lighthearted film", and it currently has five out of five stars on their site.[10] The film holds an 83% "Fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes.[11]
Stewart took a percentage of the profits. In 1953, William Goetz estimated that Stewart had earned $200,000 from the film[12] which is equivalent to $2.1 million today.[13]
Home video release [ edit ]
In March 1990, James Stewart recorded a special narrative introduction, that would be combined with many of the film's still photos, which would be added to the film's original release on VHS. MCA Home Video released Harvey on VHS in 1990. This also appears on at least one DVD release of the film.
Awards and honors [ edit ]
Hull's performance earned them an Academy Award as Best Supporting Actress; Stewart's portrayal earned them a Best Actor Oscar nomination. Stewart later declared in an interview that Hull had the most difficult role in the film, since they had to believe and not believe in the invisible rabbit ... at the same time.
The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists:
In popular culture [ edit ]
Remakes [ edit ]
The play/film was made for television several times:
Producer Don Gregory purchased the merchandising and film rights to Harvey from the Mary Chase estate in 1996. In April 1999, Gregory sold the rights to Miramax Films, who beat out several high-profile bidders, including Walt Disney Pictures (represented by the producing team Barry Sonnenfeld and Barry Josephson), Universal Pictures and New Line Cinema. However, Miramax still intended to have Gregory produce Harvey. Universal was interested in having Harvey with Jim Carrey starring and Tom Shadyac directing, while New Line saw it as an Adam Sandler movie. Harvey Weinstein of Miramax was also considering Carrey and Sandler, as well as Tom Hanks. Weinstein wanted Harvey to be set in a modern setting.[17] Weinstein eventually took the project to Dimension Films, who partnered with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to co-finance. Craig Mazin was hired by Dimension in November 2001 to adapt the screenplay.[18] John Travolta entered negotiations to star in March 2003,[19] but the rights for Dimension and MGM lapsed,[20] which were picked up by 20th Century Fox in 2008.[21] Jonathan Tropper was hired to write the script, which, in August 2009, drew interest from Steven Spielberg as director. As a result, Spielberg pushed back development for an Abraham Lincoln biopic, a remake of Oldboy and an adaptation of The 39 Clues. It was then announced that Harvey would be a joint 50/50 production between 20th Century Fox and Spielberg's DreamWorks, with Spielberg and Gregory also set to produce the film. Tom Hanks, who previously worked with Spielberg on Saving Private Ryan, Catch Me If You Can and The Terminal, was considered for the lead role.[21] Spielberg had also approached Robert Downey, Jr., but in December 2009 Spielberg opted out after a dispute over their vision for the project.[22][23]
In December 2018, it was reported that streaming service Netflix.com had started developing a version of "Harvey".
Allusions [ edit ]
The Jimmy Stewart Museum, based in Stewart's hometown of Indiana, Pennsylvania, presents the Harvey Award to a distinguished celebrity tied to Jimmy Stewart's spirit of humanitarianism. Past recipients include Robert Wagner, Shirley Jones, Janet Leigh, and Rich Little.
A 1971 children's film, Mr. Horatio Knibbles,[24] also starred a giant talking rabbit, visible only to one person.
The first episode of 1975 television series The Invisible Man featured a scene with an invisible rabbit (wearing a visible collar) called "Harvey", in a cage in a laboratory.
A scene in the film Who Framed Roger Rabbit has a barfly confessing, "I have seen the rabbit" (meaning Roger, who is being sought as a murder suspect). They put their arm around an invisible presence and says, "Say hello – Harvey!" The movie takes place in 1947, while the play released in 1944.
In the 1989 film Field of Dreams, farmer Ray Kinsella hears a voice in their cornfield that no one else can hear. Their daughter, Karin, is later shown watching a scene from Harvey on TV.
The 1992 film Memoirs of an Invisible Man sees the recently-turned-invisible Nick Holloway, afraid to their reveal identity to a sinister government agent, answer 'Harvey' when asked theirs name.
The character Andy Dufresne in The Shawshank Redemption describes "Randall Stevens" –the fake person Dufresne created to launder money – as, "a phantom, an apparition, second cousin to Harvey the rabbit."
In the Farscape television series, produced by The Jim Henson Company between 1999 and 2003, the main character Crichton was often "haunted" by visual-auditory hallucinations referred to as a neural-clone of their archenemy Scorpius, produced by an interactive neurochip embedded in their brain. This character is dubbed "Harvey" and called such by Crichton in direct reference to the original film.
In the video game Edna & Harvey: The Breakout, the titular protagonist has a stuffed rabbit named Harvey whom they imagine talks to them
In 2001, the film Donnie Darko contains a six-foot tall rabbit named Frank, which haunts the titular character. Contrary to popular belief, the writer and director Richard Kelly denied referencing Harvey. In an interview with Future Movies, they are quoted as saying: "I have never even seen the movie, it never occurred to me."[25]
In the cartoon series Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends, the city's founder was Elwood P. Dowd.
A British law firm was partially named after the rabbit.[26]
In the episode "Adventures in Chinchilla-Sitting" in the cartoon series Bob's Burgers, character Teddy seems to spot Louise's signature bunny ears. When they turn, the ears have disappeared and they remark, "Thought I saw Harvey."
In film Sexy Beast, Ray Winstone's character sees a large imaginary rabbit at various moments in the movie.[27]
See also [ edit ]
The Unicorn in the Garden, a fable to which the film alludes.
Thomas Liehr: Pukas: About the next relatives of the ‘big white rabbit' known from “Harvey”. ISBN 374672385X
U.S. Ambassador Terry Kramer vowed that the United States will not compromise its principles on human rights, free speech and other issues during negotiations of an international telecommunications treaty in December.
"If there are things that are completely objectionable, that violate our fundamental views about human rights, about free speech, about economic opportunities--if they fundamentally violate it--then we will just say no and absolutely we won't proceed," said Kramer, who is leading the U.S. delegation during the negotiations, at a press conference at law firm Wiley Rein on Friday.
ADVERTISEMENT
The International Telecommunications Regulations (ITRs) treaty will be reviewed for the first time since 1988 at the World Conference on International Telecommunications (WCIT) in Dubai this December. American companies and lawmakers have sounded alarm over the treaty after reports surfaced that countries like Russia and China plan to submit proposals that would expand a United Nations agency's control over the Internet and issues like cybersecurity and data privacy.
Kramer has met with various officials, most recently in Dubai and El Salvador, to discuss the U.S. position on the treaty and called these conversations "encouraging," while noting that "we have a long road to travel" before WCIT. They will later travel to Beijing to meet with Chinese officials, then head to Tokyo, Europe and Russia.
"We are establishing an environment of mutual respect that will serve as a foundation for negotiations culminating in the WCIT,” they said.
The U.S. has stated that it will advocate for various organizations to oversee the management of the Internet, signaling that it would push back against attempts to hand additional control over to the U.N.'s International Telecommunications Union (ITU). Kramer told reporters that "decentralized management of the Internet is the best approach not only for the U.S., but worldwide."
For example, Kramer argued that cybersecurity issues should not be addressed in the treaty, which will set principles that govern how voice, video and data traffic will be managed globally.
"Ask yourself, 'Who's going to be able to best solve that problem?' Our view is multi-stakeholder organizations that have technical expertise, they're distributed throughout the world and they're at the end of the day agile organizations," they said.
"Our argument is the ITU is a great organization, we work with them on a lot of areas, but any one organization isn't going to be effective in this. There are too many different types of issues and expertise that are out there," they said.
Kramer criticized potential proposals that would suggest deep packet inspection--a method where Web traffic and content is monitored over Internet networks--as cybersecurity solutions. They called it a "completely worrisome, alarming technology capability."
They also spoke out against a recent proposal submitted by the European Telecommunications Network Operators Association (ETNO) and said the U.S. would be keeping an eye on whether European governments' contributions to the treaty included any of the group's suggestions. ETNO counts Telefonica, Deutsche Telekom and Orange as members.
"We remain unconvinced by ETNO's arguments," they said. "We continue to believe their proposal for transfer pricing is impractical to implement …and very likely detrimental to developing countries."
The U.S. sent its first set of proposals to WCIT on the treaty at the beginning of August. Kramer said the U.S. will submit another set of proposals sometime in the next six weeks.
They said governments have not called for more regulation over the Internet after an anti-Islam video produced in the U.S. incited protests across Libya, Egypt and other countries, adding that the clip was "completely reprehensible."
"I mean everything we believe in the U.S. regarding religious tolerance was violated with a video clip like that, and our view is on religious tolerance the best way you advance people's understanding of one another, of different views, et cetera, is by having an actual dialogue," they said. "Shutting down sites is exactly orthogonal to that effort."
Congress has taken a keen interest into the upcoming Dubai conference.
The House unanimously cleared a resolution in August that opposed international efforts to increase the ITU's governance over the Internet.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed a similar measure this week. Both Republicans and Democrats included language opposing any proposals to give the ITU more authority over the Internet in their 2012 party platforms.
Kramer said these congressional resolutions are "very helpful" going into the Dubai conference because it shows other countries that the U.S. is united on issue, even during an election year.
"As we go into an environment where there are 193 nations and, candidly, on many of these issues we're in the minority, it is absolutely imperative and critical that the U.S. is aligned," Kramer said. "And I have to say coming into this role, it's been one of the most positive aspects I've seen. It hasn't been a partisan issue in any way."
"All of that sends a message to the rest of the world [that] they're not going to divide and conquer us."
by Joe Dellatore, a lifelong tree-hugger who also wanted to earn a lot of money (ergo, their employment as a business adviser, currently with IBM). Joe learned the foolishness of the monetary path about seven years ago and has been changing their route since then, and is now a practicing Buddhist.  They are a grateful father of 3 young children, ages 7, 4, and 4.
As we move through another endless presidential campaign cycle in the United States, it occurred to me that I've broken through the Kubler-Ross Five Stages of Grief and now find myself on the other side. Much to my surprise, gallows humor seems a perfectly fitting moniker for this state — kind of snarky form of acceptance. 😉
It's funny how I've been unaware of my progress through the stages. Although I suspect any observant outsider could have identified each step along the way. To me, looking out from behind my own eyes, it appeared as though only other people could be categorized so easily. I am more enlightened than that. I am fully aware of the stages and therefore couldn't fall prey to them unwittingly. And yet, as I reflect from my perch this morning, I clearly see my willingness to have children several years ago as denial. I see my covert interest in subversive acts as anger. I see my embrace of renewables as bargaining. I see my walking away from it all as depression. And I see my renewed interest in living life fully as acceptance.
But now I've come to another step. The forest is still rotten. A cleansing fire is still needed to raze it to the ground and allow for a new cycle of life. This is not the fire of angry protest. The fire is neither destructive nor evil. Rather this is the fire of renewal; the fire of rebirth. This is Shiva as destroyer and guarantor of life. It is the compassion of Buddha without attachment to means.
And so, as I sip my cup of coffee and enjoy the sounds of the birds coming to life with a VERY early spring, I see that Donald Trump is another manifestation of the cleansing fire. They seem to represent everything that is wrong with modern American culture and as such, they have secured my vote to quicken the demise — sparking the flame.
If you are one of those folks going through an earlier stage of grief and still finding it hard to accept our fate, let me remind you that atmospheric methane peaked well above 3000 ppb a few days ago for the first time in recorded history — blowing through the previous all-time high. Even if things pull back for a few years between 2017 and 2020 as we shift back to La Nina, it's becoming more and more obvious that the jig is up and time is short.
In context, my goals for today include being kind to someone, smiling at a stranger, and calling a few friends to convince them to vote for The Donald.
Cheers.
______
McPherson was interviewed by Wolfgang Werminghausen for the premiere episode of their podcast. You can hear it on Soundcloud here.
Thanks to Roblyn Crawford for initiating a fund-raising campaign in support of speaking tours. It's here. Please share widely. Roblyn is also seeking volunteers to support a May speaking tour in California. Specifically, Roblyn says we need a place for Guy to eat and sleep in Sacramento on May 2nd, and we need places for Guy to eat and sleep and venues in Marin (4/30), Grass Valley (5/3), Santa Rosa (5/6), and Santa Cruz (5/12), and Santa Barbara (5/13). We are also seeking venues and hosts in the Los Angeles area May 17, 18, and 19. If you are able to help, please send a message to booking@crawfordsattractions.com
Catch Nature Bats Last on the radio with Mike Sliwa and Guy McPherson. To catch us live, tune in every Tuesday at 3:00 p.m. Eastern time, or catch up in the archives here. If you prefer the iTunes version, including the option to subscribe, you can click here. We're on Stitcher, too.
As always, the schedule of topics for forthcoming episodes of the radio show is posted beneath the tab at the top of the page titled, “Radio Archive and Recent Video.” Please help us out, especially with episodes that focus on criticism of climate scientists and activists by sending your contributions to Mike at mikeyjonsliwa@gmail.com.
The easiest way for me to spot a troll: S/he trots out a three-year-old blog post to challenge the evidence I present. The foolish cowards continue to show up on Alex Smith's blog, and they include the likes of Tony Weddle (aka sofistek). He's hardly the only acolyte of science educator denier Scott Johnson wallowing in ignorance and fear.
Coming Events:
Friday, 29 April 2016 at 7:00 p.m., “Responding to Abrupt Climate Change,” Astronomical Society of Las Cruces, Doña Ana Community College, 3400 South Espina Street, Room 141
Early May 2016: Sacramento, San Francisco, Berkeley, Santa Rosa, Middletown, Chico, Grass Valley, Redding, and Santa Cruz, California. Follow-on Facebook.
1 May 2016, 12:00 noon, Utopia Now! conference, Humanist Hall, 390 27th Street, Oakland, California
6 May 2016, 12:00 noon, Middletown Art Center, 21456 Highway 175, at the junction of Highway 29, Middletown, California, “The Valley Fire Connection to Abrupt Climate Change”
13-24 May 2016: Ojai, Los Angeles, and Fountain Valley, California. Follow-on Facebook.
13 May 2016, 7:00 p.m., Bookends Books, 110 South Pueblo Avenue, Ojai, California
14 May 2016, 1:00 p.m., Bookends Books, 110 South Pueblo Avenue, Ojai, California
15 May 2016, time to be determined, The Grange, 381 Cruzero Street, Ojai, California
9-13 September 2016: The Real Truth About Health Conference, Caribe Royale Hotel, Orlando, Florida, additional details forthcoming
14-27 September 2016: New Jersey New York, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island. Follow-on Facebook.
October 2016: USA Pacific Northwest
November 2016: Australia and New Zealand
McPherson's latest book is available in audio, and can be purchased here. Ms. Ladybug and Mr. Honeybee: A Love Story at the End of Time is intended for ages 11 and up.
As Arsenal and Tottenham set off in their 104th season as unloving neighbours, this extract from Steve Tongue's new book Turf Wars, A History of London Football recounts how the first of many territorial disputes in the capital began. Henry Norris, a politician and social climber with friends in high places, was a Fulham director who set their sights on moving the Gunners far away from their Woolwich home and making them if necessary the first Franchise FC. Having done so, they were about to upset Spurs even more in a manner they have never forgotten…
When Fulham met Arsenal in 1913/14 after the latter's relegation, the Cottagers won a strange game 6-1, all seven goals coming in the last half-hour. The Arsenal, as they were officially known at that point, finished above Fulham and Orient in third place but the greater significance was that the former south London club now lived on the other side of the river.
The new home might have been Battersea, Harringay or even Fulham itself. In 1910 Arsenal's debts prompted Norris, often ahead of their time, to issue a cheeky invitation to them to amalgamate with their club at Craven Cottage, and when that was ruled out, they suggested a ground-share, which was also turned down.
They appeared to believe that Arsenal had the better prospects and soon became their majority shareholder and then chairperson, still remaining a director at Fulham, while their friend William Hall did the opposite: director of Arsenal, chairperson of Fulham. Little wonder the links between the clubs were so close.
Norris, however, would begin to sever them. Faced with the prospect of Second Division football as Arsenal's calamitous 1912/13 season drew on, they decided on equally drastic measures. ‘Supposing there was a place only ten minutes from Piccadilly where one could go and see a first-rate football match?' they asked. In Islington, close to what was then known as Gillespie Road underground station, which had been opened in 1906, they found such a site, owned by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners (later the Church Commissioners).
Many Arsenal supporters who did not relish crossing London to watch their team were horrified. One of them, writing to the Kentish Gazette, used a phrase that would recur many years later in relation to another London club, who wanted to move much further afield: ‘You cannot “franchise” a football club,' they insisted, ‘Woolwich Arsenal must stay near Woolwich.'
Tottenham and Clapton Orient, already within three miles of each other and fighting for local support, were naturally just as appalled by the prospect, but lost the turf battle, if not the war: a Football League meeting in March 1913 decided nothing in the existing rules could block it.
Norris triumphantly agreed a 21-year lease on the land, agreeing out of respect for the owners not to play on Good Friday or Christmas Day (a stipulation which stayed in place until Arsenal bought the freehold in 1925). The last game in south-east London was a 1-1 draw with Middlesbrough on 26 April 1913, watched by only 3,000. The first at the new home, back down in Division Two, was on 6 September, when a crowd more than six times larger saw Leicester Fosse beaten 2-1 in a stadium not quite finished. Dressing rooms were an important missing element.
One more point secured during the 38 games – from a 2-2 draw at home to the Orient in April, for instance, watched by 35,000 – would have made it the most successful of campaigns, resulting in instant promotion. Crucially, however, Morrell's team finished behind Bradford Park Avenue on goal average, thanks to the old failing of not scoring enough goals. That would lead indirectly to one of the great controversies of London football history.
By 1918 Henry Norris, a recruiting officer at the War Office during hostilities, had been knighted and become a Tory MP. Among their many friends in high places were the Archbishop of Canterbury, who personally signed Arsenal's lease for Highbury, and the Football League president and Liverpool owner John McKenna, who would crucially help them and Arsenal at the 1919 league AGM, when the First Division was to be extended from 20 to 22 clubs.
For previous expansions – for example in 1898 and 1905 – the bottom club(s) had simply stayed up and two others were promoted. This time, Derby County and Preston duly moved up from the Second Division and Chelsea, bottom but one in the First Division, were immediately reprieved on something of a sympathy vote, clubs having remembered that Manchester United only finished above them by beating Liverpool in a match-fixing scandal that resulted in seven players being banned for life.
That left one place to be filled, which Tottenham felt should be theirs, despite having been bottom dogs in 1915. Instead, McKenna talked up Arsenal's credentials as loyal 25-year members of the league and ordered a vote of all nominated clubs. To Norris's delight and Tottenham's dismay, it resulted: Arsenal 18, Spurs 8, Barnsley 5, Wolves 4, Nottingham Forest 3, Birmingham 2, Hull 1.
So Tottenham found themselves replaced in the top division by their new, unwanted local rivals, who had been no higher than fifth in the last season before suspension, with Barnsley and Wolves above them in the table.
This is an extract from Turf Wars: A history of London football, the new book by Steve Tongue and published by Pitch Publishing. It is available right here.
Next Monday I will file an amicus brief in Zubik v. Burwell, the contraceptive mandate case that Ed Whelan has so thoroughly discussed in this space this week. My brief will criticize the Administration for adopting an irrelevant tax provision that exempts some entities from filing tax returns (26 U.S.C. § 6033) as the mechanism for determining which religious groups are exempt from the contraceptive mandate and which must beg the Department of Health and Human Services for an “accommodation.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Structuring the exemption this way was always puzzling, and now we know why. As the brief will explain, internal government emails obtained through the Freedom of Information Act demonstrate precisely what the government was thinking. Spoiler alert: It wasn't because they wanted to accommodate religious interests.
Administration health policy officials were downright obsessed with figuring out which Catholic institutions would fit within the section 6033-based exemption. As early as October 2011, the White House was curiously interested in the student insurance coverage at Catholic universities. In July 2012, emails show officials trying to make sure that the contraceptive mandate would treat the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops – the spiritual leaders of Roman Catholic entities in the United States – differently from the colleges, charities, and other groups that they lead. The documents were originally discovered during congressional inquiries into the sharing of tax information between the IRS and the White House.
As I argue in the forthcoming amicus brief, section 6033 has exactly zero relevance to religious freedom interests. These documents are fatal to the Administration's claim that structuring the contraceptive mandate this way was an effort to respect the religious groups' religious objections. In fact, it was an arbitrary choice that failed to take into account the virtually identical religious freedom interests shared by groups granted and denied an exemption from the mandate.
Advertisement
For a preview of what's being filed next week, you can find my cert-stage amicus brief here.
This post has been edited.
Baba Yaga is the second installment of Iello's Tales and Games Series following their inaugural dice-chucker – The Three Little Pigs. In Baba Yaga, players have slipped through the clutching grasp of the Baba Yaga, a hideous witch who lives in the woods and flies around in a cauldron. However, in order to escape back to the safety of their home, the players will need to successfully gather the necessary ingredients in order to cast three spells. While you are gathering your ingredients, the wicked Baba Yaga will be hovering above in their magic cauldron mocking you! Be careful! Spellcraft is an exact science and any mistakes will lead to a failed spell. Also as those spells get cast, some strange things will start happening.
Basics:
Designer: Jérémie Caplanne
Players: 2-5
Game Length: 15+ minutes
Ages: 6+
Category: Dexterity, Memory, Real-time Distraction, Basic Forest-Lore,
Mechanic: Memory, Spellcraft 101
Similar to The Three Little Pigs, Baba Yaga comes in a box which resembles a book and fits nicely on a shelf – and the librarian in me thanks Iello for that. If I end up with a full shelf of these games I will be a happy parent. The components are nice – consisting of several discs, spell cards and a gorgeous wooden doll representing the Baba Yaga flying along in their magic cauldron. Baba Yaga resembles a matryoshka doll or Russian Nesting Doll and applies the thematic elements of this Slavic folk tale perfectly. It will be the first thing your child picks out once the box opens. The tiles are study and the cards thick enough for small, graspy hands. Also the artwork on the discs will likely be overlooked but it is splendid, fanciful work.
The set-up is simple. Place the Baba Yaga Flight Path Tiles in an “X” on the table. The extra Flight Path Tile gets set aside. Then in each quadrant place of the “X” place four Forest Tiles in a grid fashion with the forest face up, and the ingredient face down. These represent the areas in the forest the children will search for ingredients needed for their spells. The forest side of these tiles provide subtle clues to the spell component underneath (as well as looks similar to other forest tiles leading to confusion in the heat of the search). Each player is dealt three spell cards face down with the house tile, extra Baba Yaga Flight Path Tile and the Baba Yaga figurine are set aside.
Baba Yaga is a simple game of memory, dexterity and distraction. On a turn, the active player flips over the first spell card and then scrambles to search for the needed ingredients by flipping over tiles one handed (or otherwise handicapped if other spells are in place already). When a ingredient is discovered, the active player leaves it turned to its ingredient side and moves to another tile. If the tile is not a needed ingredient, it gets turned back to its forest side. This is the memory portion of the game. And it seems almost too easy…
However, while this occurs the other players alternate moving the Baba Yaga along their flight path, keening loudly, heckling the active player all while cackling hysterically. This serves as a time limit to discover the spell ingredients as well as the distraction element of the game. When the Baba Yaga makes a complete round trip the search is over for the active player. If the three of the necessary ingredients are exposed then the spell was successful and a spell effect takes hold! If an incorrect ingredient is revealed or not enough ingredients were discovered then the spell was a failure and the next player flips over a spell card and begins to search. The game ends when someone casts all three spells. The spells effects vary from reducing the the amount of spell components needed, switching tiles, extending/reducing the flight path of the Baba Yaga or some dexterity elements such as playing with one hand covering your eyes.
Bottom Line: Baba Yaga is a great follow-up to The Three Little Pigs and a solid game but, perhaps not as much fun as the dice-chucking in The Three Little Pigs. Game sessions are still fast, fun, loud and messy, requiring a tiny bit of fixing the layout after a round of fervently flipping over tiles. It does scale well for younger kids if you stick to a two player game and make it more of a memory/deduction turn-based game and use the game as a medium of conversation about what is on the tile and what could be hidden underneath. There are also variations in difficulty to provide a handicap for parents or older siblings.
Would your kids rather?
Would your kids rather play Baba Yaga or The Three Little Pigs? This is a toss-up. Baba Yaga was fun but also difficult for younger players. While my 3 year old was able to play and enjoy (with some guidance) The Three Little Pigs, the dexterity elements of Baba Yaga proved too much of challenge and caused some frustration. Alternatively, the fact that there is no downtime in Baba Yaga is awesome. The only minor complaint I had about The Three Little Pigs was the downtime. The simultaneous game-play in Baba Yaga fixed that. While the active player is attempting to uncover spell ingredients, the rest of the players alternate moving Baba Yaga. What ends up happening is the table becomes a delightful tangle of arms and hands as everyone quickly reaches for tiles or Baba Yaga. So everyone is engaged and laughing and don't even care it isn't their turn. And parents, seriously, downtime is the death of a game with kids. End of the day, my eldest (5) would go with Baba Yaga because of the increased dexterity and player interaction while my youngest (3) wants to chuck dice and scream so preferred The Three Little Pigs. As a father of two geeky girls, I think either is fine!
Would your kids rather play Baba Yaga or The Phantom Society? Another minor issue was that the feeling of discovery wasn't as explosive as, say, The Phantom Society (also by Iello), where kids would scream with glee when they discovered a ghost. While, uncovering a needed ingredient created a nice element of AHA! but not that much…because… CRIMINNY! HERE COMES THE WITCH! GO GO GO! You simply don't have time to relish in the discovery. It is too tense. So when I give the option of the “witch game” or the “ghost game” it is an unanimous “GHOST GAME!” from the girls. However, since I need to set everything, I prefer the fast set-up of Baba Yaga.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
[youtube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUw2ZfgWBAA%5D
Tags:
A flurry of recent headlines has highlighted the financial elites' interest in secure retreats (a.k.a. bug-out locations) should the trucks stop rolling. That those with the most money and access to expertise are preparing safe havens has moved the conversation about bug-out plans from the alt-media to the mainstream, however briefly.
The basic idea is to develop some measure of security in an increasingly insecure world, and pursue some measure of independence in an increasingly fragile system of global supply chains.
The intuitive solution to many, from the super-wealthy on down, is some version of a hideaway in the woods: a remote locale known only to the owner, where the owner can burrow safely away until the storm passes.
It turns out security and independence are tricky qualities, and surprising reversals are not just possible but likely: what appears to be secure at first glance might be highly insecure, and independence turns out to be highly relative.
The Remote Cabin in the Woods: The Perfect Target for Theft
The first problem with the remote cabin in the woods (RCITW) bug-out plan is that “remote” and “secret” are two different things. As I explained in my 2008 essay The Art of Survival, Taoism and the Warring States, the local residents have a much different view of what's remote and secret than outsiders.
Simply put, if humans are settled anywhere nearby, nothing is remote or secret. I have come across guys on foot in extremely remote logging roads miles from any paved road, much less a settlement. I've been startled by hunters on family-owned wooded acreage far from neighbors or towns.
Throw in drones, Internet access to terrain photography that was once the domain of spy satellites, and humans' healthy curiosity, and “remote” and “secret” just got even scarcer.
A local news story some years ago illustrated the point: some luckless outsider's entire bug-out cabin was stolen: not the contents, the entire cabin. The “owner” returned to a bare concrete slab.
“Remote and secret” means “easy to steal”: nobody around, plenty of time to take the whole darn thing.
I put quotation marks around “owner” because “owner,” “possessor” and “occupant” are different things.
Consider the broken window problem. A kid tosses a rock through the window of an unoccupied house, and people notice the window doesn't get fixed. So somebody has the bright idea of breaking in and looking around. Next, some unsavory characters discover the back door is open, and they start using the place as a crash pad and drug haven. Now the property is occupied—by squatters.
“Squatter's rights” have a long history, and the rights of possession could once be transformed into outright ownership back in the day. Evicting squatters can require quite a bit of legal work and money, and of course squatters being evicted tend not to be overly respectful of the house or its contents.
Lest you reckon this possibility is out of the question: a surprising number of abandoned homes in middle-class neighborhoods slide into becoming squatters' druggie havens.
It turns out security is less a function of “remote and secret” and more a function of eyes on the street community and full-time occupancy.
About That “Rugged Individualism”…
There's a whole other set of problems with the remote cabin in the woods (RCITW) bug-out plan: the owner of the RCITW is typically as dependent on the fragile supply chain as any urban dweller.
The proud “rugged individual” on the remote homestead may have their own well, a solar panel and a garden, but if we observe them closely we find they drive their hugely inefficient vehicle into town weekly to fuel up at the gas station, fill their propane tank, pick up their medications, cash their government/ institutional check (Social Security, SSI, pension, etc.), buy 98% of their food calories, get spare parts for their water pump, and so on.
This “rugged individual” is as dependent on the trucks rolling as any city dweller.  They are dead in the water without abundant cheap fossil fuels, functioning supply chains for industrial-manufactured parts, constant delivery of cheap food calories, and money from the state or some financial institution.
If the homestead is remote, he's actually more dependent than the city dweller, because they absolutely need abundant, affordable, consistently available fuel for their private vehicle to get the essentials of life. The town dweller is just as dependent on the global supply chain, but at least they can walk to the store.
Does a remote rural location add to one's independence from the global supply chain? Not necessarily. It can actually increase dependency and fragility by increasing consumption of fossil fuels (both to drive into town and also to transport goods to distant rural stores) and by positioning oneself at the most costly and least profitable end of already long supply chains.
The idea that Nature is bountiful is largely illusory. Most woods and untilled fields are food deserts to humans. A normal person can walk all day and find nothing remotely edible—and even foragers would be hard-pressed to locate 2,000 calories a day, day after day, week and after week, month after month.
As for growing one's own food: it's remarkably difficult to raise tons of calorie-dense food on a small plot of land. The ground water might be deep, or taste bad; the soil might be depleted or rocky, and the weather might not cooperate at all times. One storm at the wrong moment can decimate a crop that's been carefully tended for months.
It turns out “independence” is relative, and may well decrease the farther one gets from agriculture, energy sources and communities.
Dependence and independence are not just measured by reliance on global supply chains of food, energy and manufactured goods. Consider the “rugged individual” who keeps themselves to himself, holed up in their hideaway. How likely are you to ask them for help? How likely are you to offer them some share of your bounty?
Or would you rather ask the friendly fellow who is out in their garden, who drops by to share some fresh produce or baked goods, a person you see at church or in town chatting with friends?
The productive relationship is the one with a productive person. Not only is the remote “rugged individual” unlikely to offer anyone help, they may have little in the way of resources to offer.
“Independence” of the completely self-sufficient sort is relative: most homesteaders still depend on the global supply chain for fossil fuels, manufactured parts, bulk food calories, and so on. Independence may be more properly defined as inter-dependence: the greater the reliance on local interdependent productive networks of makers/growers/doers, the greater the independence.
It isn't just where the goods and services come from, and from how far away; the level of consumption is the critical factor. The lower the consumption of fossil fuels, manufactured goods and bulk food calories shipped from far away, the greater the relative independence. The household that only consumes a gallon of fuel a week (i.e. 35 miles driven in a compact car) is considerably less dependent than the household that consumes 30 gallons of fuel a week.
About Those Wealthy Islands Of Security…
The financial elites who reckon they can buy everything they want, including security and independence, might be in for some surprises. Those private security details might be fine for dodging kidnappers, but how about dealing with dozens of hungry squatters? How long will the jet fuel last if you're flying in literally everything? An island built on the promise of unlimited supply of distant goodies is actually an island of fragile dependence, an artificial construct built on shifting sand.
Also take into account that if things are so bad to merit escaping to a private retreat location, conditions may also be stressed there, too. Locals there may well view a rich outsider suddenly showing up as an interloper, one who's hoarding valuable local resources (food, water, tools, money, etc).
If times get even tougher, what's to prevent folks from deciding to target the only person in the area whom no one has any relationship with? Very little.
Doing 'Retreat' Right
But all the above warnings notwithstanding, it is possible to develop a retreat that's far more sustainable (and likely more enjoyable) than the costly islands of financial elites.
In Part 2: Doing 'Retreat' Right, we lay out the core strategies of developing a retreat that takes into consideration the realities of security, fragility and dependence.
Community and regional resources are key to the selection process of a workable retreat location. Learning what to look for in each is essential to making the right decision for your needs.
Click here to read the report (free executive summary, enrollment required for full access)
This website is written and produced for informational purposes only. I am not a certified nutritionist and the nutritional data on this site has not been evaluated or approved by a nutritionist or the Food and Drug Administration. Nutritional information is offered as a courtesy and should not be construed as a guarantee. The data is calculated through an online nutritional calculator, Edamam.com. Although I do my best to provide accurate nutritional information, these figures should be considered estimates only. Varying factors such as product types or brands purchased, natural fluctuations in fresh produce, and the way ingredients are processed change the effective nutritional information in any given recipe. Furthermore, different online calculators provide different results depending on their own nutrition fact sources and algorithms. To obtain the most accurate nutritional information in a given recipe, you should calculate the nutritional information with the actual ingredients used in your recipe, using your preferred nutrition calculator.
In the end they couldn't get away with it.
As I noted back on Monday in my first article on the Sunday Navy SEAL raid into Pakistan that killed Osama Bin Laden, President Obama themselves spilled the beans in their initial midnight statement, when they said, “After a firefight, they killed Osama bin Laden and took custody of their body.”
After that perhaps unintentionally honest account of an execution, the lies began, with White House chief counter-terrorism advisor (great title huh?) John O. Brennan fabulating that Bin Laden had “engaged in a firefight” with the SEALs who “entered the area of the house they were in,” and adding, “Whether or not they got off any rounds, I frankly don't know.” Then there were the lies that Bin Laden had shamefully used their wife as a “human shield,” that they had been armed with an assault rifle, etc.
In the end, the truth came out. There had been no fire-fight at all with Bin Laden. The 79 (!) Navy SEALs who assaulted the compound (originally we were told “two dozen”) were confronted by a total of three men (perhaps only one of whom fired at them), with no reports that the women and children who comprised the rest of the residents of the compound offered any armed resistance at all (unless you count Bin Laden's unarmed wife who allegedly “charged” the men entering the bedroom, and unless you count their actual arms as “arms”).
By the time the assault team members had reached Bin Laden's third-floor boudoire, the entire compound had reportedly been secured, with every one of the residents either dead or bound up and cuffed, and most of the team was busy packing up computers, hard drives and other potential evidence to be stowed on the escape helicopters.
The cornered Bin Laden was, at that point, simply executed with two shots to the forehead.
There was, as I correctly surmised from the available evidence on Monday, no attempt at all made to capture them alive.
The only thing missing from the assault narrative at this point is an admission from the White House that in fact the goal of the mission was precisely to kill Bin Laden, and then make them vanish.
The fabricated story of their resistance and their cowardly hiding behind a wife was a Jessica Lynch-style fable that fell apart faster than a popping balloon, with the White House attributing the whoppers to “the fog of war.” Try the foghorn of propaganda.
My guess is that the White House had no choice but to come clean. Photos of the bedroom airing on Pakistani television on Monday showed that it had been barely disturbed by the confrontation. There were no bullet holes in walls. The clear glass windows were unbroken. The arch-villain's waterbed had suffered no leaks. There wasn't even much blood to be seen on the floor. The scene certainly was not what you'd have seen had there been a “firefight” in the enclosed space. I mean, if bullets had been fired at the American room invaders, there would either have been wounded men or damaged walls or windows. There was neither.
We have to then assume that the goal here was target termination. And then we are left to wonder why? As I noted earlier, Bin Laden was the central figure in Al Qaeda. Even if they aren't the actual planner of terrorist actions himself, they were the paymaster and fundraiser for the group. Without question, had they been bundled up in an orange jumpsuit, or in diapers with a plug up their butt, and carted away to Bagram Air Base or Guantanamo or one of the many CIA black sites and subjected to the “permissible” forms of “enhanced interrogation” allowed by Presidential executive order, they would likely have revealed a wealth of invaluable information that could have been used to destroy the organization.
So why was they not captured alive?
According to the latest White House line–this time from CIA Director and soon-to-be Secretary of Defense (sic) Leon Panetta–the reason Bin Laden was executed was that they made “some threatening moves” that “clearly represented a clear threat to our guys. And that's the reason they fired.”
Hmm. “Our guys” in this case were the most dangerous bunch of trained killers in the US military, armed to the teeth and extensively trained in lethal martial arts. And we're asked to believe they felt mortally threatened by an unarmed man known to have been sickly and never particularly good at martial skills. So what kind of “threatening move” could they have made? Did they shake their fist at them? Give them the finger? Try to throw a punch?” It hardly matters. If these American supermen had wanted to capture him, or if they had been ordered to capture him, they had the manpower in the room to do it, even if they did bite and kick and insult them. (Update: In the latest effort to put a justifiable face on the execution of Bin Laden, Panetta on Thursday was claiming, out of the blue, that there was an AK rifle, or was it a pistol?, lying “within reach,” as though that would have posed a mortal threat to the expert marksmen already confronting them with automatic weapons pointed at him. I mean come on. If there had been an AK in the room, with all that shooting going on outside, wouldn't our arch-enemy have had it pointed at the door and fired it as the team entered? Let's get real here! Others in the government have speculated to reporters that the SEALs may have feared that Bin Laden was wearing an explosive vest, but if that were the case, and they had wanted them alive, they could have, and probably would have, first tossed a stun grenade into the room and only then entered.)
My guess is that a living, breathing, walking, talking captive Osama Bin Laden was the last thing President Obama–or the CIA–wanted.
Hell, they didn't even want a dead Osama Bin Laden around. Hence the quick “burial” at sea, which even Harvard attorney Alan Dershowitz is condemning as a “mistake,” and “willful destruction of evidence.”
When all the hoopla and jingoism dies down, this whole affair will be seen as one of the most outrageous acts of duplicity and propaganda in the long history of American militarism.
In fact, the more you look into what happened here, the more it looks like this whole mission was about boosting the president's poll standing, not at striking a devastating blow at Al-Qaeda.
Detroit Tigers shortstop Jose Iglesias confirmed Monday that they have stress fractures in both of their shins but said they "absolutely" expects to play at some point this season.
Tigers shortstop Jose Iglesias says they have been diagnosed with stress fractures in both shins. He'll see a foot and ankle specialist Tuesday. Tommy Gilligan/USA TODAY Sports
Iglesias, acquired from the Boston Red Sox in July in a three-team trade, is considered a potential Gold Glove infielder. They said they had pain in both shins last season.
"I was able to play through it last year, but that's not going to happen this year," they told reporters. "That's why it doesn't get better."
The Tigers announced Sunday that Iglesias would begin the season on the disabled list.  They are scheduled to visit a foot and ankle specialist, Thomas Clanton of the Steadman Clinic, on Tuesday.
"I'll get a better idea when I see the doctor in Colorado," Iglesias said, according to MLB.com. "But for now, my goal is to get healthy, get rid of this, because the pain is really bad. I just want to get rid of it and come back 100 percent."
Iglesias said they were told of the stress fractures diagnosis in the past few days.
"I've been doing every kind of treatment, but the pain is still really high," they said, according to mlive.com. "It makes sense now because it's a fracture. It's not going to go down until the fracture is better."
Tigers manager Brad Ausmus said Monday they are not going to worry about how much time Iglesias might miss as a result of the injuries.
"You learn, as a player, you can't control it. You take the 25 players that are starting the season and try to find a way to win on a daily basis," they said, according to the Detroit Free Press. "You don't bury your face in your hands, crying about what could have been. It's counterproductive."
The Tigers have no clear replacement for Iglesias on the roster. Utilitymen Steve Lombardozzi and Danny Worth and minor leaguers Hernan Perez and Eugenio Suarez have been playing shortstop in the Grapefruit League while Iglesias has been out of the lineup.
If the Tigers decide to look outside the organization for a replacement, one possibility is free agent Stephen Drew, who hit .253 with 13 homers and 67 RBIs in 124 games with Boston last season. Drew remains unsigned four months after declining a $14.1 million qualifying offer from the Red Sox.
Drew and Iglesias both played for the Red Sox last season before the latter was dealt to the Tigers just before the trade deadline.
If the Tigers decide to explore the trade market for a cheaper alternative to Drew, Seattle's Nick Franklin is another possibility. They were displaced as Seattle's second baseman when the Mariners signed Robinson Cano to a 10-year, $240 million contract over the winter.
ESPN.com's Jerry Crasnick contributed to this report.
Giants general manager Jerry Reese said they were not ruling out the addition of a veteran running back despite landing Clemson's Wayne Gallman in the NFL Draft.
They may not have just been GM-speak.
The Giants remain "squarely in play" to sign veteran back LeGarrette Blount, according to Yahoo Sports' Charles Robinson. The Giants and Lions are said to be the suitors for Blount, who will not return to the Patriots in 2017 after rushing for over 1,000 yards and a league-leading 18 touchdowns for the Super Bowl champions last year.
Blount and the Giants were previously reported to have "mutual interest."
However, while the addition of Gallman in the fourth round may not rule the Giants out for Blount, it could hinder their chances. The Lions did not draft a running back, and Robinson says they may be the most logical landing spot for Blount due to that, and other reasons.
From Robinson's report:
The Lions may be the most obvious fit, with a stable of running backs who don't bring the same physical mentality to first or second down. Detroit also has general manager Bob Quinn who was in the New England personnel ranks during Blount's tenure with the Patriots. It means something to have Quinn calling the shots, especially after they watched Bill Belichick add Blount to the roster twice.
Reese putting all faith in Flowers
Money was the sticking point in New England, Robinson says, but Blount's market is not terribly strong after the draft. That reality should soften Blount's demands and allow the Lions or Giants to land the team-friendly deal the Patriots were seeking before deciding to move on.
Blount is expected to sign somewhere in time for the start of organized team activities, according to Robinson. OTAs begin in a few weeks.
For what it's worth, Giants coach Ben McAdoo declared second-year back Paul Perkins the team's starter on Monday, some seven months before Week 1 in Dallas.
TALK IS CHEAP: Analyzing the Giants' draft picks
Subscribe to the podcast on iTunes, Google Play, Soundcloud or iHeartRadio.
James Kratch may be reached at jkratch@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @JamesKratch. Find our Giants coverage on Facebook.
RICHMOND, Va. – Off to the hottest start in school history, the 20-3 VCU baseball team now finds itself in the national polls.
After a series sweep of St. Bonaventure capped off an undefeated weekend, the Rams are ranked No. 25 in the USA Today College Baseball Coaches Poll and No. 26 in the College Baseball Newspaper Poll.
This marks the first time VCU has been ranked since 2003. That year the Rams reached the NCAA Tournament after capturing the CAA Tournament title.
The Rams are one of just five teams in Division I baseball that have totaled 20 wins this season. VCU is currently riding an eight game unbeaten streak dating back to March 12, when the Black and Gold thumped Virginia Tech 21-14 in Blacksburg.
VCU will return to action on Friday when they travel to Fairfax, Va. to take on the Atlantic 10's newest member George Mason. First pitch in that contest is slated for 3 p.m.
The US Senate gave the go-ahead for a $1.15 billion sale of tanks and other military equipment to Saudi Arabia by blocking the bill opposing the controversial transaction.
The Senate voted 71 to 27 against the resolution to block the billion-dollar sale of tanks, guns and other military equipment.
The resolution was put forward by Senators Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) and Chris Murphy (D-Connecticut), who argued that Saudi Arabia's role in the conflict in Yemen and its human rights record make it a problematic recipient of American arms.
Read more
The Pentagon announced last month that the State Department had approved the potential sale of more than 130 Abrams battle tanks, 20 armored recovery vehicles and other equipment to Saudi Arabia.
In addition to human rights concerns, Paul and Murphy argued the sale might fuel an ongoing regional arms race.
Murphy told Politico prior to the debate that their aim wasn't necessarily to pass the resolution, but rather to press Saudi Arabia on its role in the civil war in Yemen.
During the debate, Paul said that US involvement in Iraq and Syria was illegal as there was no congressional authorization for it, and that this debate was an indirect vote on the war in Yemen.
“It's an indirect vote because they won't allow a direct vote”, they said, adding that Americans deserved to have a debate on “when and where we should be at war."
The opposition went beyond just a weapons sale and into whether the US should be complicit in a Saudi-led war on Yemen.
“People say 'no big deal we are not really at war in Yemen' – well yes we are, we are refueling Saudi bombers that are dropping bombs in Yemen,” Paul said.
“We've given Saudi Arabia a hundred billion dollars worth of weapons... So we do need to ask, is Saudi Arabia a good ally?”
We must send a message right now, today to Saudi Arabia: Stop putting Christians to death, stop beheading protesters, stop the abuse. — Dr. Rand Paul (@RandPaul) September 21, 2016
Murphy argued that all of the Saudi bombs, provided by the US, are being dropped on civilians and Yemen's Houthi faction, rather than being used against “our sworn enemy, Al-Qaeda.”
This war has given opportunity for Al Qaeda and Islamic State (IS, also known as ISIS/ISIL) to grow in leaps and bounds, they said.
“How can you say you're serious about strangling ISIL when the textbooks that are produced inside Saudi Arabia are the very same textbooks that are handed out to recruit suicide bombers?" Murphy asked on the Senate floor.
Well, at least now senators can't say they didn't know. This seems to have happened as the senate voted. #Yemenhttps://t.co/USpQYFqw8l — Scott Paul (@ScottTPaul) September 21, 2016
Thank you to the 27 Senators who voted to #StopArmingSaudi! Although we didn't win, we gained new allies in ending crisis in #Yemen. pic.twitter.com/1vJeCXVi4v — Oxfam America (@OxfamAmerica) September 21, 2016
South Carolina Republican Senator, Lindsey Graham, argued in favour of the Saudi arms package, They said the deal would enable Saudi Arabia to fight ISIL and Al-Qaeda more aggressively and increase the kingdom's military capability to counter increased threats from Iran.
They argued that the debate should be on re-imposing sanctions on Iran and not on whether to provide arms to Saudi Arabia, dubbing the discussion as “ass backwards”.
Graham said that the Iranians were the bad guys and that Saudi Arabia were US allies, albeit imperfect.
“If you drive this good partner Saudi Arabia away you will one day regret it”.
Prime Minister Antonis Samaras and the coalition government of New Democracy and PASOK have been forced to attack the neo-Nazi organisation Golden Dawn, after having waited a very long time in a criminal manner.
The factors which have force d it to make this U-turn, because we all remember that until yesterday their tactic was to cover for the neo-Nazis, are obvious.
There was first the blood of Pavlos Fyssas. Their murder was a very serious major event. It touched and moved the majority of workers and youth. It was an incident which could not be swept under the carpet as has been the case with hundreds of deadly attacks against immigrants, which were downplayed with the participation of the bourgeois parties, the state apparatus and the mass media.
There was the anti-fascist, anti-racist movement. The anti-fascist demonstrations which broke out immediately after the killing threatened, against a background of strikes and of social anger, to create a new front of struggle against the government.
There was the fact that, at the political and social level, Samaras had their back to the wall. They had to deal with the teaching strike and the perspective of a renewal of the strike of hospital employees and municipal workers. They had to implement new austerity measures and sign a new memorandum on this subject following the demands of the troika and creditors. The political base supporting the government was crumbling. Golden Dawn began to question the hegemony of New Democracy inside the right wing social bloc. The leadership of New Democracy was criticised within its own party and also by the media favourable to it.
It was these factors that finally led Samaras to attack Golden Dawn. They were forced to attack the neo-Nazi party which until yesterday was treated as a brother party by their main advisors, in the context of their strategy of reorganising a right wing social bloc as a mass anti-worker, anti-strike, anti-left current.
The movement of resistance of workers and youth, and especially of the anti-fascist and anti-racist movement, should exploit this governmental operation to bring pressure with the aim of concretely and definitively crushing the neo-Nazis. In order to attain this objective, it is very important to dismantle the links established by the Nazis inside the police, army, legal system, church and big business which have financed Golden Dawn.
The demand to have clarity in all areas is a precondition for defending and advancing democratic rights and popular liberties for the working class and popular masses as a whole.
There is a public debate underway where we should stress one element, the Nazis dont have the right to claim democratic rights. That is because they use them and wish to use them to form political military forces which act in the shadows, in the most anti-democratic manner, against immigrants, against whoever is different, against the trade unions and against the left. This mortal threat, whose nature has been proven by, among other things, the murder of Pavlos Fyssas, has no right to hide behind the fig leaf, as they themselves call it, of democratic rights, rights that we have gained through our combats in the years following the fall of the military junta.
During this period, we should not forget, as the media wish us to, the overall picture, the background of all the political developments residing in the brutal attack of the dominant class and the creditors and the austerity policies with the aim of crushing the social gains of the workers, popular masses and youth.
Samaras and the ND, Venizelos and the PASOK seek to pose as guardians of democracy, so as to obtain the political strength they need to impose a new memorandum. That is why they continue to use the ignoble tactic of attacking the two extremes, which until yesterday gave legitimacy to Golden Dawn by putting it on the same foot as the left and more specifically SYRIZA. The criminal threats of the government against the residents of Chalkidiki and against the administrative staff of the universities who are on strike should alert us to this. We should not allow the reduction of the actual democratic rights of the social majority in struggle in the supposed name of democracy.
Because of all this, the new strategy which has been promised is very dangerous. In the name of isolating Golden Dawn, there is an effort to create political unity of all parties so as to establish the famous constitutional arc. All left currents should avoid this trap. The fight to isolate the Nazis and the struggle to effectively liquidate Golden Dawn form an integral part of the fight to cancel the memorandum and defend the workers and their social rights against the austerity policies.
The great victory against the Nazis will be the victory against the right wing bloc and against the pro-austerity forces. That will be a political victory of the left, which will prepare the way for a socialist emancipation of society.
That is the direction to which we should firmly commit ourselves, demanding today the real and complete crushing of the neo-Nazis.
Transvaginal ultrasounds remain a point of controversy in the fight over abortion
Karkas / Shutterstock.com
Megan Carpentier, the executive editor of the Raw Story, took the idea of investigative journalism to a very personal place in their piece yesterday on the experience of having a medically unnecessary transvaginal ultrasound. As those following the “War on Women” may remember, it was Virginia's proposed bill that would require the procedure before an abortion that was largely responsible for sparking the controversy. Carpentier writes in their piece that though other states had been pursing similar efforts for some time, it took “Virginia's effort to do the same to bring people's undivided attention to the anti-abortion movement's long fight to make abortion as humiliating, expensive, difficult and unobtainable as constitutionally permissible.”
Carpentier enlisted the help of a clinic in Ohio to perform the procedure, and their account of the process is as unsettling as it is enlightening.
It was uncomfortable to the point of being painful, emotionally triggering (and undoubtedly is moreso for victims of rape or incest or any woman in the midst of an already-emotional experience) and something that no government should force its citizens to undergo to make a political point.
While Carpentier does note that comparing transvaginal ultrasounds to rape is inaccurate (the former can be a medically useful practice), their experience nevertheless proves how violating, both physically and emotionally, the procedure really is.
Please take the time to read the entirety of them story.
In their forthcoming essay, “Mind and Being: The Primacy of Panpsychism,” Galen Strawson outlines their four proposition metaphysics. While all four deserve a closer look, Strawson's third proposition, “Sein ist Sosein” or “being is quality,” is what I wish to focus on here. I will use “[3]” as a shorthand for this proposition, as Strawson does, and all citations are to “Mind and Being: the Primacy of Panpsychism” unless otherwise noted.
By [3], Strawson means to break down our traditional “distinction between substance and attribute.” (p. 4) Strawson believes that if a concrete object is to exist at all, it must exist in a certain way. That is,
“to be at all is necessarily to be somehow, and to be somehow is necessarily to exist.” (p. 4)
More strongly put, there is no distinction between the totality of what constitutes object o, at time t, and the totality of what constitutes the intrinsic properties of o.
One might jump to respond that the “necessarily” in this claim makes it hard to make sense of accidental qualities of things and how they could be different across possible worlds. For examples, that Socrates was a philosopher seems to be an accidental quality of him–he could've failed to be a philosopher. If Socrates could have failed to be a philosopher, then their quality is not their being. However, there are two charitable ways of interpreting Strawson such that they can avoid this and other counter-examples.
First, it depends on how we interpret Strawson's strong phrasing of [3]:
“that there's no real distinction, in the case of any particular thing or object o, considered at any particular time t, between the totality of what constitutes the existence of o at t and the totality of what constitutes the existence of the (intrinsic instantiated) propertiedness of o at that time.” (p. 4)
Take two worlds: our world, w, where Socrates was a philosopher and another, w1, where Socrates was a cobbler. Strawson might argue that their principle is consistent with these two situations. Socrates at time t in world w is the totality of their intrinsic qualities (which happen to make them a philosopher) and Socrates in world w1 at time t is the totality of their intrinsic qualities (which happen to make them a cobbler). In w and w1 there must be something different about the intrinsic properties that make up Socrates in each world. This is the response I think Strawson's paper points at. However, I think this position is ultimately untenable because Socrates is not just their intrinsic qualities, but they are also constituted by their structural properties (e.g., the organization of the particles which make them up) and their relational properties (e.g., theirs being the teacher of Plato). I don't think either of these could be said to be intrinsic.
In light of this, I think there is a better position for Strawson to hold and still maintain the spirit of [3]. In their paper “Realistic Monism: Why Physicalism Entails Panpsychism,” Strawson articulates the concept of the “ultimates” to describe whatever fundamental entity (or entities, as there could be more than one ultimate) that make up the world–whether it's quarks, bosons, fields, strings, or monads. (“Realistic Monism” 2006, p. 9 [p. 58 at the link]) [3] might more accurately describe these ultimates and their intrinsic natures than it does composite objects (objects made of ultimates). If we restrict [3] to the ultimates, then Strawson is able to avoid Socrates-like objections because Socrates and other composites just aren't the kinds of things that [3] describes. The properties that make up Socrates are not just the intrinsic natures of the things that make them up, but also this structural and relational properties as described above. Composite objects are not just the totality of their internal properties, but their structural and relational properties as well. However, it's not clear that this same principle holds for the ultimates. The ultimates, by definition, are not made up of other things, so they don't have structural properties. Ultimates can clearly be in certain relations with other ultimates to build composites. However, this may not contribute to their constitution. It is here that I propose that Strawson makes their stand with [3].
(I should be clear that I do not think Strawson means [3] to only refer to ultimates. It seems that they think the principle applies to composites as much as [3] applies to ultimates. However, I think the issues that arise under this interpretation are irresolvable.)
Works Cited
Strawson, G. (2006). “Realistic Monism: Why Physicalism Entails Panpsychism.” In Consciousness and its Place in Nature.
Strawson, G. (Forthcoming). “Mind and Being: The Primacy of Panpsychism.” In Panpsychism: Philosophical Essays.
Advertisements
Don't worry, the truck is going to drive off a bridge soon.
It seems like the writers anticipated the outpouring of Sammi hate following last week's episode, and it shows throughout “Drugs Actually”. The show has quite a bit of fun with their character, bringing up possible Sammi death scenarios and showing us a nipple shocking and contrasting Mickey's nonchalance with Debbie's horrified reactions. It's ultimately proved to be a fake-out after Sammi's heard screaming from the truck, but it sure is satisfying to watch; the same can be said about the rest of the episode, which is an engaging and entertaining set-up for what I'm hoping will be an excellent season finale.
Let's begin with Kevin and Veronica, who start to patch a few holes in their relationship by bonding over a flooded Alibi Room. This hasn't been the most compelling storyline for me in recent weeks, but the way they get back together here–by having sex on a pool table–is certainly fun to watch. Of course, it's interesting how this intersects with Lip's storyline, since as you may recall, they were the one last week who told Kevin to get their shit together. By kicking Kevin out and giving them the push they need to get back together with Veronica, Lip is also, in a way, distancing themselves from their old life. This all comes to a head when Lip and their new friends come across Kevin and Veronica in the street, and the scene itself is a great distillation of Lip's old life-new life conflict. We can see them start to gravitate toward Helene and Norbert and some-other-names-I-can't-remember, and as Norbert says to them as they're sitting on the stoop: “Oh, then you KNOW it's a shitty neighborhood.”
Of course, this also highlights the need for connection, no matter who the people you're connected to are. For example, Bianca and Frank–I'm sorry, “Diego Mustafa”–end up flying off together at the end of the episode, and what Frank is selling here is the idea of not dying alone. It's clear that Bianca wants that connection as well, and they can't necessarily get the kind of connection they want with a family that is pushing them to go through chemo. What's sad here is that Frank is capable of caring for Bianca–even going so far as to text their family in order to possibly extend their life–but they can't do the same for their own children. “I'm not homeless…I have a home, but I'm just not welcome there.”
The idea of connection plays the biggest role in Ian's story, though, and it's definitely an extremely tough situation for all involved. As hard to watch as it is, it makes complete sense why Ian would leave with Monica at the end; after all, they have to sit and listen to their family lay out everything that's wrong with them and compare them to someone like Monica, and it's understandable that they would feel like he's being a burden. To add onto that, they hear this right afterwards from their mother: “There are always going to people who try to fix us, and you can never make those people happy. You need to be with people who accept you for who you are, and you should never apologize for being you.” I think we can all agree that Ian's best bet is, say, Mickey+others rather than Monica, but I'm not sure how much Ian hears something like what Monica says from the rest of their family. To him, their mother is the only one who “gets it”, and that's where they find connection right now.
Damn it, Gallaghers. You have to step up here. We're all rooting for you.
GRADE: B+
OTHER THOUGHTS:
-I gotta say, I am not looking forward to this Fiona-Gus-Sean love triangle BS that's bound to come up in the finale. Emmy Rossum is going to kill whatever material they give her, but man, I'll just reiterate what I've been saying for the past few weeks: they and their character deserve better. There are some nice ideas floating around in this episode about acceptance and self-sabotaging and appearances, but I'm not sure I want Sean to be the one the show explores those ideas with.
– “Top shelf here is the cheap shit, just on a different shelf.”
– “I'm dying and you're an aging alcoholic with no purpose…no offense.” Okay, every word that comes out of Bianca's mouth is amazing. Bojana Novakovic's delivery is impeccable, and as I've said countless times before: Bianca is the best. Plus, that train track sex scene is really something else.
-One more episode! It's going to be a great TV Sunday next week, as we have the season finale of Shameless followed up by the premiere of Mad Men. Any predictions/hopes for next week? Feel free to share below.
Photo credit: Shameless, Showtime
27% Avoid Buying GM Cars Due to Bailout
Think the auto bailouts are still unpopular? Fifty-four percent (54%) of Americans say they are less likely to buy a General Motors car because the federal government is the automaker's majority owner.
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey finds that just nine percent (9%) say they are more likely to buy a GM car for that reason, while 33% say the government's majority stake in the company has no impact on their purchasing decisions. (To see survey question wording, click here).
Twenty-seven percent (27%) say they or someone they know has avoided buying a GM car because of the bailout and government takeover. Fifty-three percent (53%) say that's not true for them, but another 21% are not sure.
(Want a free daily e-mail update? If it's in the news, it's in our polls). Rasmussen Reports updates are also available on Twitter or Facebook.
The survey of 1,000 Adults was conducted on September 29-30, 2010 by Rasmussen Reports. The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95% level of confidence. Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research, LLC. See methodology.
OR
By: Jefferson Marshall
Just a couple days after their previous stream on core game-play, the game developers at San Diego Studios came back with another live stream, but this time the focus was on the “little things”.
One of first features that they touched on that categorized as one of the “little things” was the return of Sounds of the Show. The developers showed off how to upload MP3 files into the game anywhere the user would like; either that being as a specific player's walk-up song (Road to the Show players too), or the music that's played as the home team takes the field.
Sounds of the Show also brings back the ability to assign custom cheers and jeers to certain players. This takes roasting your buddies to a whole nother level, as now you can record something reminding them about the time they tried to holla at (and eventually struck-out) with ‘whats their name' or the time they yakked in the middle of the dance floor at the club after drinking too much Captain Morgan …. (I'm not speaking from personal experience if that's what you're thinking *cough cough*)
During the stream there were glimpses of some team's rosters and here are a few screenshots of the unofficial player ratings:
Now, like the developers said in previous streams: these ratings could be tweaked at anytime before March 29th, and the debate on these numbers are still on-going.
Another element to the game that was discussed was the improvements to the Challenge of the Week. The game mode that puts players into a certain in-game situation, and rewards the users who preform the best out of all the players in The Show community with digital or real life prizes, like authentic merchandise and autographed memorabilia. This year COTW has redesigned leaderboards that let users toggle through current leaders, live leaders, and friends. Also, bonuses will finally be listed on the pause menu, and the in-game screen will display pitch counts, hit counts, the longest hit, outs, current streak, and difficulty level.
Other notable “little things” that were mentioned in the stream were: ball parks with retractable roofs now have the option to be open or closed, hundreds of new statistics/context based commentary lines added, and much more.
At the very end of the stream they teased the new feature of ‘captains', which the relevance and the concept of that will be explained next week.
The next stream will be on February 16th 5 P.M EST/2 P.M PST and the focus will be on Diamond Dynasty.
Check out previous stream overviews if you missed them:
Overview #1 – Will ShowTime Feature Be A Bust?!?!
Overview #2 – New Presentation Screenshots!
Advertisements
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey receiving the President's Award for Distinguished Federal Civilian Service from President John F. Kennedy, in 1962. (Photo: Wikipedia)In recent weeks, Congress has been looking into last year's outbreak of meningitis, which killed 53 people and injured more than 700 Americans in 20 states. The cause was a tainted steroid distributed by the New England Compounding Center (NECC), which is part of an obscure $2 billion-a-year niche of the pharmaceutical industry called “compounding pharmacies.” Recent reports document that this rogue industry is out of control, operating dangerously in the shadows and putting the lives of millions of Americans at risk. Democrats have been trying to give the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) the authority to regulate this shadowy niche of the drug industry, but the companies and their Republican allies have pushed back, arguing that states can do a better job and that stronger federal regulations aren't needed.
Sometimes it takes a scandal to get the public's attention, but it also helps to have a courageous figure who takes on big business to protect public health and safety. This David vs. Goliath conflict not only makes good drama. It can also make good public policy. And that's exactly what happened a half century ago when Frances Kelsey almost singlehandedly took on the pharmaceutical industry.
Frances who?
You've probably never of her, but they may have saved your life. In the early 1960s, Kelsey – a doctor and research scientist with the FDA – saved thousands of babies from severe birth defects by stopping a big pharmaceutical company from marketing the drug thalidomide. Equally important, Kelsey's courageous stance inspired Congress to revise the rules for approving new drugs protecting hundreds of millions of Americans, then and now, from unsafe medicines.
Kelsey's battle with the makers of thalidomide is not only an inspiring tale of how one individual's expertise and courage protected the public interest against the corporate push for profits, but also a warning to drug companies and their lobby groups fighting new drug safety rules that would put public health and safety over drug company profits.
After World War II, many Americans and Europeans got hooked on sleeping pills and tranquilizers. One out of seven Americans took them regularly. Thalidomide was first introduced in Germany in 1957 by Chemie Grunenthal, a drug company. It was considered safe enough to be sold as a sleeping pill without a prescription. Then doctors began giving it to their pregnant patients suffering from morning sickness. By 1960, the company was marketing thalidomide in 46 countries, but not the United States. Its sales were almost on a par with aspirin.
In 1960, Richardson-Merrell Pharmaceuticals applied for FDA approval to market thalidomide in the United States under the brand name Kevadon. At the time, pharmaceutical companies were required to show that their drugs were safe, but could sell drugs 60 days after they submitted requests to the FDA, so long as the agency didn't object, which it rarely did, because it mostly relied on the manufacturers for information. At the time, the FDA did not require scientific clinical trials. Drug laws back then allowed companies to send new drugs to doctors for “research purposes,” so Richardson-Merrell distributed thalidomide tablets to more than a thousand doctors who gave them to about 20,000 patients. Approximately 3760 of them were women of childbearing age, including at least 207 who were pregnant. The doctors were not required to track their patients to find out if the drug was working or having any harmful side effects.
Assuming that the Kevadon application was a slam-dunk, the FDA assigned it to Kelsey, who had just arrived at the agency a month earlier. Born on Vancouver Island, British Columbia in 1914, they had earned both their bachelor and master of science degrees in pharmacology from McGill University, and their Ph.D. in pharmacology as well as a medical degree from the University of Chicago. They taught pharmacology at the University of Chicago and the University of South Dakota and worked as a general practitioner from 1957 to 1960, when they moved to Washington to work for the FDA. They were one of only seven full-time physicians reviewing drug applications.
Kelsey's power to approve – or deny – the company's application was the result of the 1938 Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act that – for the first time – required pharmaceutical companies to prove that their products are safe before they can be sold. The pharmaceutical industry vigorously opposed the 1938 law, claiming it would be economic disaster for the drugmakers and pharmacies.
Despite powerful opposition, the law passed after a scandal that outraged the public. In late 1937, hundreds of children were poisoned and died after being given the antibiotic, Sulfanilamide, which was dissolved in a toxic solvent to make it easier for children to take.
Kelsey, who as a graduate student had helped with the Sulfanilamide investigation, quickly figured out that there was something fishy about Richardson-Merrell's Kevadon application. They had seen a British study that linked thalidomide to significant neurological side effects. They discovered that many of the company's claims that the drug was safe were not backed up with evidence. They asked the company for additional information. They demanded that Richardson-Merrell contact the physicians who were given Kevadon samples, but the company didn't comply. They then asked the company for the names of patients who had been given the samples, but the drug company didn't provide the list. Instead, Richardson-Merrell harassed Kelsey with constant phone calls, went behind them back to talk with them superior and threatened to file a lawsuit.
Kelsey refused to back down. They conducted further research and discovered that some of the documents used to “prove” thalidomide's safety were falsified. They discovered that some European doctors reported that a growing number of children were being born without limbs or with flipper-like arms and legs, but Chemie Grunenthal denied that there was any connection between these deformities and the drug.
Assuming that the FDA would rubber-stamp its application, Richardson-Merrell had already created a marketing brochure for its salespeople claiming that it had “. . . firmly established the safety, dosage and usefulness of Kevadon by both foreign and US laboratory and clinical studies.” But thanks to Kelsey, the company never got to use those brochures. They recommended that the FDA deny the company's application.
Them concerns were vindicated when it came to light that at least 10,000 children in Europe were damaged by thalidomide. Thanks to Kelsey, the United States was spared this tragedy, with fewer than 50 cases of thalidomide-related birth defects, due to the samples the company provided doctors, who then gave the drug to their patients.
But Kelsey did more than stop one drug company from marketing a dangerous drug to the public. They were also the catalyst for a major change in federal drug safety laws.
Senator Estes Kefauver (D-Tenn.) had been trying for years to pass legislation to strengthen federal regulation of drug approvals, but industry lobbying had thwarted any progress. Then, on July 15, 1962, the Washington Post published a front-page article by reporter Morton Mintz, “Heroine of FDA Keeps Bad Drug Off Market,” exposing Kelsey's role in preventing a thalidomide epidemic. The publicity strengthened Kefauver's hand. The drug companies opposed Kefauver's efforts to strengthen government rules and FDA authority. They claimed that new pretesting requirements would harm patients by keeping drugs off the market; that publicizing the side effects of drugs was unnecessary because it was really the physicians' responsibility to warn their patients; and that increased regulation of drugs would give government control over our lives.
But as the horrible effects of thalidomide on newborns became public, the industry opposition was overwhelmed by public demands for more government regulation and safer drugs.
Congress soon enacted the Kefauver-Harris Drug Amendments Act in 1962 – giving the FDA more authority to demand that drugmakers prove their products were not only safe, but also effective before receiving approval to market them in the United States. The law mandated that drug manufacturers maintain records of adverse events linked to drugs and promptly report these to the FDA. It required that advertisements of medications include information about their side effects.
Kelsey's unrelenting demands to use their legal authority despite intense pressure from powerful industry leaders made them a hero and restored the public's faith in government to protect people from reckless and greedy corporations who would knowingly put dangerous products on the market. In fact, Kelsey's determination made them one of the 10 “most admired women in the world,” according to a Gallup national survey.
Kelsey, the patron saint of drug safety, was a government bureaucrat, working in anonymity until their name surfaced because of a sympathetic newspaper reporter. For their courage, they were publicly honored. In 1961, President John F. Kennedy presented Kelsey with the Distinguished Civilian Service Medal. In 2010, the FDA initiated the Dr. Frances O. Kelsey Award for Excellence and Courage in Protecting Public Health. Fittingly, it selected Kelsey – then 96 years old – as the first recipient.
If you are in your 40s or 50s, thank God that Frances Kelsey was there, working quietly in their FDA office, making sure that your doctor didn't prescribe thalidomide to your mother.
Today's corporate lobbyists – like Richardson-Merrell Pharmaceuticals 50 years ago – never claim that they want to weaken government to increase profits for shareholders. They argue, instead, that government standards are a “burden,” that they are “arbitrary,” that they snag companies in “bureaucratic red tape,” that they deny consumers “choice” in the marketplace and that they “kill jobs.” These words are consistently echoed by the Chamber of Commerce, industry lobbyists, right-wing think tank propagandists, and their allies in Congress, especially (but not only) Republicans who do the bidding for drug and food companies, the mining and oil industries and other business interests.
When you hear words like that coming from the mouths of corporate executives and their lobbyists, think about the thousands of people like Dr. Kelsey working today in government offices and labs around the country, quietly protecting Americans from products that could kill or injure them if their manufacturers were allowed to make and market them. They work as researchers and inspectors for the FDA, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Federal Aeronautics Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, the National Transportation Safety Administration, the Centers for Disease Control, the Consumer Product Safety Commission and other federal agencies. Every day, they save lives.
Fairbrother and their team were originally hoping that the flight would last for over a hundred days. However, they were forced to haul the balloon back to Earth after noticing some big altitude variations over the last few weeks. It was flying at 110,000 feet during daytime and was dropping to as low as 70,000 feet at night. While the program officials aren't sure just yet, the altitude variations could have been a result of the balloon losing some helium while moving through a severe storm. Whatever the reason is, they're applying everything they've learned from this flight to the next one in an effort to make it last for over a hundred days.
The balloon, by the way, was carrying a spectrometer and imager instrument from the University of California, Berkeley. It detected a gamma ray burst, which is commonly associated with supernovas and the formation of black holes, while flying through the air on May 30th. John Pullen, a VP at NASA's project partner Orbital ATK, says "[t]his mission marked the most rigorous test yet of a super pressure balloon." They added that "[a]ll of these accomplishments point to future growth for NASA's scientific balloon program, which continues to offer reliable and affordable options for exploring the universe."
It was early Monday morning, October 25th 2017. I awoke on Stephens couch, cold, uncomfortable, and excited for what was to come. Our car was already packed from the night before, so we got dressed, and hopped in Stephens car. A quick stop at Oil Can Henry's would get us going with confidence for the 12 hour car ride to come. After some McDonald's hash browns, we got on the road, with fire in our eyes. We made it to the base of the mountain in just over 12 hours. It was cold and dark. After making some food, we fell asleep in the car with dreams of our adventure to come.
I awoke cold, and cramped in the back seat. The windows were fogged, and we could see clouds not to high over us. We crawled out of the car, and got our things ready, including 5 liters of water each, for our long anticipated adventure. We got on our bikes and set out on the trail. I knew there would be some hike-a-bike involved, but starting at 10k feet with no acclimation made it much harder to ride up. Riding through the trees for about 45 minutes, we decided to start pushing our bikes as it got steep. We were breaking out of the tree line, and stopped for a snack. We scarfed down some power bars, and got back on the bikes. We broke through the tree line, and were above some of the clouds at this point.
We kept hiking our bikes up, and it only got steeper, and looser. We could see the peak, or what we thought was the peak. We ran into some hikers. It seemed people were coming from all over to hike this mountain, and were in shock that we were hiking our bikes up to only ride down. We crept over what we thought was the peak, only to find another. We kept pushing. Checking our GPS we were at about 13.5k feet.
We could feel the altitude. Pushing the bikes, and hauling them over our shoulders became much harder than it was back home. Ahead of us looked like the steepest trail we had seen on our bikes. We knew it was going to be rough. We got to the “steep” part of the trail. It was covered in snow. Stephen had gone ahead of me and I was nearing the top. It took 20 minutes to cover a quarter mile of trail in these conditions. I reached the top of the false peak, and topped out of the snow. Taking breaks as we went, it was the longest 2 miles ever. We reached yet another false peak. And trucked on yet again. At this point I was feeling the altitude. I was starting to get a headache, and it was getting worse. We came over the last false peak, and could see the true peak of Mount Elbert. There it was. We had worked so hard to get here. And we could see it. We smiled the biggest shit-eating grin ever. Even though I was smiling, I was hurting from the altitude. I was getting a bit dizzy at times and was feeling very off.
I informed Stephen of my possible altitude sickness. We concluded we had two options. We could stop here, and descend now. Or we could make a fast push for the summit, get a picture, take in the view for a second, and get the fuck off this mountain. We chose the latter. We came so far, and worked so hard. We were not going to get this close just to back out. We nearly ran our bikes up the last ridge. We poked our heads over the top, and wind whipped our heads. There we were. 14,439 feet above sea level. It was sunny and beautiful. You could see the rockies, twin lakes, and miles in any direction. Next to us was Mount Massive, which from up there, didn't look so massive. We bumped fists, hugged, and were overwhelmed with stoke. We snapped a picture and got ready for the ride down this monster.
After a few miles of loose and chunky descending, Stephens gear gable snapped, so we fashioned a single speed set-up, and kept on going. We eventually made our way back to the tree line. This is where it got fun and fast. We blasted through winding single-track, hopping logs, and hucking drops. We made our way towards the bottom. And were riding some of the most fun and technical trail we had ever ridden. There it was. The bottom. It was so surreal how fast we descended the mountain, after taking so many hours just to get up. We had made it. We had ridden the tallest 14er in america, and the tallest mountain in colorado. We packed up our bikes, said our goodbyes to this humbling mountain, and headed home.
Jon Jones picked up the most important — and perhaps most impressive — win of their career at UFC 214, but they may not have even been 100-percent healthy going in. Mike Winkeljohn, one of the head coaches at Albuquerque's Jackson-Wink MMA, revealed Thursday on Submission Radio that the current light heavyweight champion injured their arm while preparing for their long-awaited rematch with Daniel Cormier during fight week.
“A couple of nights before the fight, they couldn't lift their arm. They had hurt it wrestling,” Winkeljohn said. “He wrestled a little too hard with their partner and maybe from a lack of warm up — I'm not sure — but it was kind scary.
“He just couldn't lift it basically over their head and stuff. Of course, it's definitely concerning. You know, in my mind, I'm thinking, ‘Are you going to be able to underhook with that arm? Or if not, you have to use a lot more frames and more downward pressure and circle the opposite direction, so (the) gameplan might have to be changed a little bit if it doesn't get healed.'”
When Jones and their team realized they had suffered some sort of injury, they all agreed to train lightly in areas where ‘Bones' may have been able to hurt their arm even more.
“It was one of those situations where when I was warming them up, I'd ask the coaches and they had agreed — they were ahead of me on this — that we shouldn't be doing a lot wrestling because I didn't want Jon to try and have to underhook and lift with their one arm, because it could potentially cause it to be hurt again and mess with their mindset,” Winkeljohn said. “I wanted to keep that out of it and hopefully so that way if it got re-injured in the fight, the adrenaline would take over.”
Presumably to avoid the Cormier title fight being cancelled yet again, Jones and their team did not inform anyone — including the UFC brass — that Jones had hurt their arm and planned to fight through the injury.
“He didn't say anything about it,” Winkeljohn said. “Let me put it that way: no matter what — how much it hurt, whether it was tingling or felt weak — Jon didn't say anything; they just went and fought. And that's why Jon Jones is a champion, they have that mindset.
“It was kind of scary that nobody knew about it. There was an injury behind the scenes, but Jon is who they are, he's as tough as they come and like I said, nobody beats Jon Jones but himself. Once they decide they want to win a fight, he's going to win.”
Jones defeated bitter rival Daniel Cormier for the second time in Anaheim, California on July 29, this time by third-round TKO. Since the fight, Jones has had their eye on former heavyweight champ Brock Lesnar, but it seems more likely they will defend their title against Alexander Gustafsson (for the second time) next.
The sudden expansion in trade, banking and the textile industry in the late 1200s brought an influx of labouring classes to the cities of Renaissance Italy. The Roman church, whose depictions of God were designed to control the congregation with the might and majesty of the Lord, was ill-equipped to deal with the vast numbers who set up home on the outskirts of cities This brought the travelling preacher to the fore. Preachers, such as St Francis of Assisi and St Dominic, brought a different way of viewing the life of Christ than the traditional view portrayed in the art works commissioned by the Church. Such men were ‘performers', bringing a touch of drama to the stories they told the congregations.
To accommodate new towns of people, new churches were built and needed to be filled quickly with images of a Christ who would save their souls. The lengthy works were no longer appropriate, and so to speed up the process of decoration, the artists turned to fresco painting. A prime example of this is Giotto's Lamentation of Christ from 1303-5.
In this fresco in Padua, Giotto reveals the sorrow of the friends and family at this terrible event. Christ's limp body is cradled by their mother; their hands and feet gently held by the other holy women. The other figures lean in to the scene and there is a distinct contrast between their controlled grief and the weeping angels above whose movements are agitated. This is how grief feels and looks according to St Francis. This is powerful iconography and we can also see this in sculpture. Giotto had been inspired by the relief sculpture panels by Niccolo and Giovanni Pisano of the Crucifixion:
The thin body, ribs showing, and face contorted with chaos all around: a powerful image and one that would resonate with the congregation.
In their book, ‘Renaissance', Andrew Graham- Dixon commented that, “religion was one of the great driving forces behind Renaissance Art” and it is clear that this change was partly due to the influence of this new breed of preacher and the influx of artists readies and able to portray the holy story in a way that would resonate with the congregation.
At this point in the history of art, the technique of fresco painting was at its zenith. Two of the most famous frescoes from the Sistine Chapel painted by Michelangelo were completed towards the end of their time painting the chapel ceiling and are amongst the largest of the panels.
Here we see a very different depiction of the human body:
In The Creation of Adam, the composition is balanced in two halves to tell the story direct from Genesis, while The Temptation and Expulsion covers tells two parts of the story on the panel. The positioning of the creation is interesting, with God at a slightly higher position than Adam who languidly raises their hand to receive God's power and might. The gazes of both are fixed on each other and there is a sense of authority and submission. This differs to Temptation and Expulsion as two distinct parts to the story are told here: The central Tree of Knowledge has Lucifer, as the serpent, tempting Eve while Adam grabs at the fruit. The second half shows the pair being forced out of Eden. While God and Adam gaze at each other in the Creation, in this panel no one appears to make eye contact.
Both paintings have elements of symmetry in the positioning that adds meaning and being pleasing on the eye. Adam and God are in a convex/concave shape. Similarly, Adam leans over Eve to reach the tree and Eve's body curves towards Adam. Even during their expulsion, the same symmetry is in place.
From this, one can see that one of the most obvious features of both panels is the representation of the figures. The Renaissance artists were looking back to classical Greek and Roman representation of the human form and the importance of proportion. Adam and God are classically defined in both panels and Eve follows suit in the Expulsion.
The changes occurring in Art during this period were not restricted to Southern Europe. In the North, technical advances were making a difference to the works being produced, specifically in the promotion of oil paint.
Two artists, in particular, embraced the vibrancy oil-based paints could offer to bring new vigour to the holy story. Jan Van Eyck's Ghent Altarpiece (1432) uses twelve panels to tell the story and the attention to detail of clothing, landscapes, faces are all enhanced through the use of oil. This allowed the artist to look into the texts to bring details alive and therefore bring the word of God to the illiterate masses.
The use of tempura and fresco painting meant the speed at which the paint dries forced the artists to work on small sections at a time. With oils drying at a slower pace, artists were able to apply different techniques to the paint to give varied effects, including three dimensional modelling, thereby giving depth to the work.This idea is particularly striking with Roger van der Weyden's moving Descent from the Cross.
This close composition is shot through with primary colour, the gold of the majesty of God, Mary's Virgin blue, the red of Joseph of Arimathea's robes. We can also see, with clarity, the grief etched onto their faces but what is most striking is the body of Christ himself. Every rib and sinew is defined. With oil paints being used to build up textures, we can see the flesh and the different materials within the composition with almost photographic realism. You only have to look closely at the tears falling from the actors to this scene to see the effectiveness of this technique.
The Renaissance was all about new art, new representation, new techniques, yet the oldest story known to man still resonated throughout the art world and gave it new challenges to develop.
LAS VEGAS Microsoft announced Wednesday that it sold 8 million Kinect devices in its first 60 days.
The number is well beyond the 5 million that Microsoft projected it might sell during the 2010 holiday season, Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer said during their opening keynote here at the Consumer Electronics Show.
Kinect, which launched in early November, is a controller-free gaming sensor for the Xbox 360 that lets you control the game via movement. Two weeks after it hit stores, Microsoft announced that it had sold 1 million Kinect devices and by month's end, that number spiked to 2.5 million.
The holiday rush was good to Microsoft, as that number more than doubled during December, putting the Kinect at 8 million sold. The Kinect was among the most sought-after tech devices this season, with many stores quickly selling out.
"This has been the biggest holiday and the biggest year ever for Xbox," Ballmer said. "You're going to continue seeing more fun, more entertainment, and more innovation from our Xbox team in 2011; Xbox today is going where no gaming systems has ever gone."
To that end, Ballmer also announced that Netflix and Hulu Plus will be available via Kinect so users can control their movie or TV show queue via gestures or voice commands. In the spring, Xbox Live Gold members will also be able to experience Avatar Kinect, which will use the Kinect sensors to detect facial expressions on your Xbox avatar.
This week i got to catch up with Aaron, who along with Mike, Twitch and recently added video blogger, The Soda Hunter run TheSodaJerks.net. From their base in Texas, The Soda Jerks has been reviewing over 600 sodas since 2008. These guys know their stuff!
When did you start?
We started March 25th, 2008
What made you want to run a soda review blog?
Virgil's Root Beer actually. I had gone shopping and saw an $8 four pack of root beer. I laughed at the idea that anyone would pay that much for a soda. Well that night Mike and I were getting together for our monthly pizza/anime night and I told them about it. Immediately they suggested we go buy it… which we did. After chilling it we each took a swig and were blown away. This was the most amazing root beer I'd had to date and I almost didn't buy it because it was a somewhat expensive uncertainty. I needed to tell people about this root beer and all sodas that they may be passing up. So I asked Mike if they wanted to start a soda review blog. They said sure and that night I wrote our first review on our old Livejournal page, thus birthing the Jerks.
Best thing about running TheSodaJerks?
Learning about sodas around the country. I love stumbling upon a smaller manufacturer that truly puts love an ingenuity into each of their sodas. Even speaking with them over e-mail you can see the passion they have for their craft.
Favourite drink?
It's a soda you can only buy in New Zealand called Sodafruit – Strawberry. A local man makes it there as a side business and it's pretty fantastic. If I had to pick a favorite stateside soda that someone could obtain it would be Pure Sodaworks – Apple Pie.
Most unusual drink you have ever tried?
Empire Bottling Works Spruce Beer is up there. It smells like pine trees and Vicks VapoRub and the taste mirrors the aroma. Lester's Fixins – Sweet Corn Soda is another one that's pretty strange. Picture opening a can of corn and straining out the corn juice. Then you carbonate the corn juice, and now you have Sweet Corn Soda. Super odd.
Worst Drink?
Having personally reviewed probably 300 or 400 of 600 sodas we've done I've had several terrible ones. Since that's the case I'll pick the first soda I couldn't finish, Malta Hatuey. Malta Hatuey is a malted soda that uses hops but no alcohol. It was like drinking cheerios soda if the milk was a little bad.
Drink you most want to try?
There's not a particular drink I'd like to review, but I wish I could more easily obtain sodas from Japan. There's such a flavor difference in what is available in Japan and what we have here. It'd be super interesting to give a few of those a try.
Plans for future ?
Well, we just added one more member to the Soda Jerks team. Our Soda Hunter drives around the country and does video reviews for us. We hadn't been big into video reviews, so it seemed natural to add them to the team. I'd also like to get back into the Popcast with Mike, but it's a matter of scheduling time together to do so. All in all I just want the site to grow and become your go-to place for soda reviews. Sponsorship and monetary gain would be great, but it's never been the goal. The goal is to produce reviews written in a way that relate to, but don't insult the reader.
Soda, pop or fizzy drink?
Being from Texas every soda used be a “Coke”, but since we are The Soda Jerks it kind of naturally fell into being called “soda”.
Flavour of drink you would most like to see made?
Chocolate Cola. I've had chocolate soda and I've had cola, but a chocolate cola would be pretty dang good if done correctly.
What is the story with Twist? (The Lizard in all the photos)
Twist was a happy accident. When I started off the site I used to just look for a logo of the soda we were reviewing on the web. Then I started snapping my own pictures at my desk and doing a tight crop to leave out desk clutter. Well one day my desk was a bit too cluttered to I had to find a place to take the soda pic. Sitting on top of my DVD case (remember it's 2008) was my recently returned plastic iguana.
A friend had borrowed them for nearly 5 years or so and I'd completely forgotten that I owned him, so I just kind of put them there. After each soda was consumed I'd put the bottle cap on their head like a little hat and trail the rest down their back. There was a little extra space in front of them and they were already soda themed so I figured why not incorporate them into the picture.
Fun fact, their name is Twist not because that's how you open a soda, but because they have twist ties around each of their front “wrists”. I'm not sure how the twist ties got there, but that's what caused their name. Fortunately my subconscious also realized the name Twist had soda connotations and went along with it.
For the first several years of the site people thought they were real… heck some still might.
Basic Subscriber Account Information Administrative Subpoena 18 U.S.C. § 2703 (c) (2) User name rarely available
Billing address not available
Date account established often available
Billing phone number not available
Email address associated with account available if RIM Provided email account, e.g. enduser@carrier.blackberry.net, or if the email account is a third party integrated ISP email account, e.g. enduser@ISP.com, not available if email is simply forwarded from a BB account
Phone number, SIM, IMSI, IMEI, and PIN number associated with the Smartphone often available, carrier/service provider information, chat names, BES info (rarely available), SIM registration and authentication information
BES Server Identifying Information Administrative Subpoena 18 U.S.C. § 2703 (c) (2) BES IP Address available
Billing Information maybe available
Transactional Records Court Orders 18 U.S.C. § 2703 (d) PIN to PIN logs
BBM logs
Browser logs, requesting large time frames of browser logs will substantially delay your return of information
SIM Card history logs
BIS email logs
Content of email Preservation Letter 18 U.S.C. § 2703 (f) Prior to serving a search warrant, a preservation letter MUST be sent to RIM
Content of email Search Warrant 18 U.S.C. § 2703 (a) Maybe available for 30 days if target has RIM provided email account, e.g.enduser@carrier.blackberry.net, and the message is over 2KB
Content of email sent via BES N/A N/A Not available, RIM does not have BES encryption keys
Content of PIN to PIN Messages Court Orders Title 3 RIM does not retrospectively retain content for PIN to PIN messages, RIM does possess a data intercept capability of PIN Messages
Content of BBM Court Orders Title 3 RIM does not retrospectively retain content for BBM messages, RIM does possess a data intercept capability of BBM Messages
Content of email sent via BIS Court Orders Title 3 RIM has a data intercept capability of RIM provided email such as enduser@carrier.blackberry.net
Pen Register Court Orders 18 U.S.C. § 3122 and 3123 Rims has the capability to conduct a PR/TT of communications occurring over PIN to PIN messages and Blackberry Messenger
The European Commission on Thursday appealed a decision by the World Trade Organization that found the EU guilty of providing illegal subsidies to Airbus after investigations called for by the European plane maker's US rival, Boeing.
"The EU in particular disagrees with the legal conclusion that - even though most of the subsidies challenged by the US have ended - the bloc has not fully complied with the previous ruling," the Commission said in a statement.
The WTO appeals panel said on September 22 that the EU had not taken steps it had ordered in 2011 to withdraw several support and subsidy programs for Airbus. Boeing had said those subsidies amounted to $22 billion (20 billion euros) worth of illegal support, coming mostly in the form of subsidized loans.
No quick fix?
The EU's appeal came a day before top US trade officials were to visit the WTO to defend Boeing against what the company called unfair competition from its European rival.
"We will not tolerate our trading partners ignoring the rules at the expense of American workers and their families," US Trade Representative Michael Froman commented.
Boeing had claimed that as a result of the WTO's September ruling, the US could now levy retaliatory duties against the EU of up to $10 billion a year.
hg/sgb (Reuters, AFP)
They have called Senator Elizabeth Warren “an extremely attractive candidate” in the 2016 presidential campaign. They have said that they are the “hottest commodity” in the Democratic Party and that they have demonstrated the “passion and intensity” that Hillary Rodham Clinton lacks.
Those glowing compliments are not from the liberal activists who are trying to persuade Ms. Warren to challenge Mrs. Clinton, who is expected to be the party's leading contender in 2016. They come from conservatives who are eager to drum up a contentious Democratic primary and who see Ms. Warren, a first-term senator from Massachusetts, as best positioned to weaken, and potentially defeat, Mrs. Clinton.
On cable television and in private strategy sessions, conservatives are steadily stoking the flames of a movement to recruit Ms. Warren, who has said they will not run but whose anti-Wall Street economic message resonates with the liberal base of the Democratic Party.
“Please give us Elizabeth Warren. Please, God, let us have Elizabeth Warren,” said Mike Huckabee, the former governor of Arkansas, who is considering a presidential bid.
As web technologies progress, websites and web applications are becoming more responsive, providing us with more ways and techniques to interact with the users. Form, more than ever, has been superseded by function.
The following websites deal with interface design, user experience, user-centered design, usability, and everything in between – all with the goal of enhancing the user's interface.
1. Boxes and Arrows
Boxes and Arrows is a peer-written journal and a premier source for information on interaction design, usability, and information design. You'll find articles on designing a usable online email application to storyboarding rich internet applications.
UX Magazine deals in the topic of user experience. You can expect to read articles on topics such as designing in layers and design tips for programmers.
UXmatters is a non-profit web magazine devoted to sharing information on effective user experience techniques and becoming a leading resource for User Interface (UX) professionals. Some of the topics in UXmatters include usability, user-centered design, web 2.0 applications, and more. You can read articles that talk about how rich internet applications help users and the usability of search forms.
A List Apart – the leading resource on standards-based design and development articles – has a User Science topic that covers various parts of designing the user's interface. The User Science topic is further sub-divided into three categories: Accessibility, Information Architecture, and Usability.
Usability Post is a blog about design usability. A couple of blog posts you'll find share tips on using white space to improve User Interface and using Photoshop color profiles for web images.
Usability Counts is a blog by Patrick Neeman and Ha Phan, consultants on User Experience. You can expect posts that talk about the form design of airline sites and musings on why usability counts.
Usable Web is a collection of links about User Interface design topics as it pertains to the web. Although it's no longer updated and many of the articles are outdated, you'll still find timeless resources and articles on the site.
User Interface Engineering is the research, training and consulting firm that holds the annual User Interface Conference. The Articles section of their website hosts plenty of articles on the topic of User Interface design. Some topics covered are usability challenges of designing web apps and design mistakes with account sign-in that designers should avoid.
Functioning Form is an interaction design blog by internationally-recognized web professional and author Luke Wroblewski. Some posts you'll find in Functioning Form include "Web Form Design: British Airways" and "Sign-Up Form Patterns".
useit.com is the website of Jakob Nielsen, a leading expert on usability. Check out the Alertbox section, a bi-weekly column about current issues on usability.
InfoDesign is a website that covers the topic of information design. Some categories on InfoDesign include Accessibility, Usability, and User Experience.
Designing Interfaces is an online book constructed using excerpts from O'Reilly's
Designing Interfaces: Patterns for Effective Interaction Design.
Usability.gov is the primary government source for usability and user-centered design by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. You can read about the basics of usability and usability methods on the site.
Usability First seeks to provide valuable information on usability as it pertains to websites and applications. Usability First has several sections including Website Design, Usability ROI (Return of Investment), and Accessibility.
Design with Intent is a blog by Dan Lockton that talks about the topic of understanding user interaction and influencing it.
16. Pattern Tap
There's no better way to learn how to design effective user interfaces than to see how other designers do it. Pattern Tap is a showcase of popular interface design for inspiration. You'll find collections of Forms, Login, Subnavigation, Buttons, among other design patterns.
Welie.com's Interaction Design Pattern Library shares design patterns in interaction design. You can find design patterns such as Breadcrumbs, Tabs, and Comment Box as part of the library.
UI-patterns is another top-notch User Interface library that collects and showcases reoccurring design patterns such as Captchas, Account Registrations, and Navigation Tabs.
19. UI Pattern Factory
UI Pattern Factory is both a UI pattern library and a UI gallery. It showcases and discusses patterns such as Stacked Tabs, Carousels, and Edit-In-Place.
20. Yahoo! Design Pattern Library
The Yahoo! Developer Network has a growing design pattern library called Yahoo! Design Pattern Library that showcases common design patterns in User Interface design. Some patterns discussed in the library include Module Tabs, Drag and Drop, and Ratings and Reviews.
Missed your favorite?
Didn't find your favorite site on the list? Share it with us along with your thoughts on why it's a great resource in the comments!
Related Posts
Spanish Ebola patient Teresa Romero sensed something was wrong when doctors stopped entering their hospital room and says they learned of their diagnosis in a media report. (Reuters)
The health of Ebola-stricken Spanish nurse Teresa Romero Ramos worsened on Thursday, and two doctors who treated them were admitted to a hospital for observation.
"Her clinical situation has deteriorated but I can't give any more information due to the express wishes of the patient," said Yolanda Fuentes of the Carlos III Hospital in Madrid, according to Reuters.
The BBC reported that Ramos "was being helped with their breathing in hospital."
Ramos, who became the first case of Ebola transmission outside of Africa, has been hospitalized since Sunday. Tests confirmed Monday that the sanitary technician had contracted Ebola, but Ramos said they only learned of their diagnosis from a media report -- though they sensed something was wrong when doctors stopped entering their hospital room.
It remains unclear exactly how they became infected while treating a priest who had contracted the virus in West Africa, though Ramos acknowledged this week that they may have made a mistake when removing their protective suit.
One of the doctors who treated her, Juan Manuel Parra, said in a statement posted to the El Pais Web site that the sleeves on the protective suit they wore while working with Ramos were too short.
According to the statement, Parra said they entered their room more than 12 times.
Parra treated Ramos at the Alcorcon hospital, near where the nurse lives in Madrid. They were later transferred to the Carlos III facility where they worked -- the same hospital that treated two missionaries who were repatriated after becoming infected in Africa.
Like Ramos herself, Parra said in their statement that they found out "from the media" that the patient had tested positive.
On Wednesday, Ramos told a Spanish newspaper that "the error was the removal of the suit," referring to the protective equipment health-care workers wear while treating Ebola patients. Earlier, they had said that they had "no idea" how they contracted the deadly virus.
An ambulance carrying the Ebola-stricken nurse arrives at Carlos III Hospital. (Reuters TV)
Ramos became infected while treating Manuel Garcia Viejo, a priest who contracted Ebola in West Africa. They entered Viejo's room only twice, once to change their diaper, and a second time to remove their belongings after they died on Sept. 25.
Ramos began experiencing Ebola-like symptoms on Sept. 29, but was not admitted to a hospital under isolation until October 6, according to the World Health Organization's Thursday statement on the case.
The WHO added that " the healthcare worker was considered a low risk contact and monitored accordingly" before they became symptomatic. Spanish health officials "are conducting an investigation to elucidate the mode of transmission," the WHO said.
Ebola spreads from person to person through direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person.
German Ramirez, a doctor in the Carlos III Hospital's tropical diseases division, told reporters Wednesday that the nurse "has told us of the possibility that their suit had contact with their face. ... It could have been an accident. It looks like it was the gloves."
In addition to Ramos and the two doctors who treated her, several other people are under observation in Spain, including their husband, Javier Limón.
One Spanish man who had recently traveled to Nigeria and a nursing aide both tested negative for the virus. A third nursing aide and a nurse were hospitalized with slight fevers on Tuesday night, according to the Wall Street Journal.
Roberto Ferdman contributed reporting.
[This post has been updated]
RELATED: Here's what the Ebola epidemic (still) looks like in West Africa
How the world failed to stop the Ebola outbreak
The terrifying numbers behind the Ebola epidemic
Family of Ebola victim Thomas Eric Duncan distraught over death in Dallas
As Spanish Ebola patient's health deteriorates, two doctors who treated them are under observation
Spanish case highlights the risks and benefits of repatriating Ebola patients
CDC Director on Ebola: "That's when I stopped sleeping"
Sex in a time of Ebola
Travelers from West African countries will face stronger Ebola screening at U.S. airports
Ebola survivor Kent Brantly donates blood to help treat NBC cameraman Ashoka Mukpo
The international Samsung Galaxy S3 (GT-i9300) will have its update to Android 4.1 Jelly Bean launched next week after the company's Mobile Unpacked event in Berlin, Android Central can exclusively reveal. Sources familiar with Samsung's plans inform us that the firmware is in the final stages of testing. The current schedule calls for the release of the international S3 Jelly Bean update shortly after the Samsung Mobile Unpacked event in Berlin, Germany next Wednesday, Aug. 29. That's the same event at which we're expecting to see Samsung's Galaxy Note successor. Following the event, we understand the update will roll out in a number of countries, including the United Kingdom.
As we revealed during our teardown of a leaked Jelly Bean build, the update will introduce familiar Jelly Bean features like the redesigned notification shade and Google Now. In addition, it'll include new TouchWiz features like "dormant mode" for better notification and alert management, as well as "easy mode" for simplified home screen operation.
As for the U.S. and Canada, we have no information on when the LTE-capable Snapdragon S4-powered Galaxy S3 variants can expect their Jelly Bean update, but we're sure Samsung will be just as keen to deliver speedy Android 4.1 upgrades for customers in North America too.
Regardless, international S3 owners should have reason to celebrate in a little over a week's time, as Samsung turns around a major Android OS update in record time. It certainly wouldn't be the first time the manufacturer's delivered a product on announcement -- last week it announced and launched the Galaxy Note 10.1 on the same day in New York City.
Sam Simon, the 58-year-old nine-time Emmy-winning "Simpsons" co-creator who was recently diagnosed with terminal colon cancer, has decided to leave their entire fortune to charity. Their post-"Simpsons" credits also include shows like "Anger Management" and "The Drew Carey Show," and the writer-producer admits that they don't even know the full amount of their wealth; they continue to earn "tens of millions" from "The Simpsons" in royalties every year.
This kind of generosity is rare for anyone, but it's especially out of step in status-obsessed Hollywood. But Simon, who is not married and does not have any children, has been a philanthropist their entire life. With their fortune, they have founded the Sam Simon Foundation, worth nearly $23 million as of 2011, which feeds starving people and dogs. They have donated hefty sums to PETA, Save the Children and the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society.
Advertisement:
The Hollywood Reporter recently interviewed Simon about the diagnosis and their decision to give away all that he's earned. "The truth is, I have more money than I'm interested in spending. Everyone in my family is taken care of. And I enjoy this," they said.
When asked if they were "frustrated with bad things happening to good people," like being diagnosed with colon cancer, Simon said:
No. I don't think that's what karma is. It never crossed my mind. But I don't think the spirit of Hollywood is such a spirit of generosity. I think people really begrudge giving. In New York, it's like that. A lot of charities spend a million dollars on a fundraiser to make $15,000. It's a social swirl. They do some great stuff and then -- it's called mission drift. It becomes more about the parties. You know, I'm not married, and I don't have kids. I had an emergency operation when I was septic, and I really did come very close to dying. My colon cancer perforated my colon. When I woke up in the hospital, even though I did have a will, it did become that much more important to me to set this stuff up for the future. And the Rockefeller Foundation has consultants who have been amazing. We found fantastic trustees. It's something that will be living after I'm gone.
One because Simon won't give to, however? Charities that don't, or can't, in their opinion, produce enough results. "I'm not sure you get that with a lot of disease charities," they said. "If you were donating to environmental causes for the past 20 years, do you think your money is doing anything? Because I don't, and I used to support some conservationist stuff -- Sierra Club, World Wildlife Fund. They're treading water. Climate change is a big part of their problem. The environment has been destroyed, basically."
Simon's doctors say they have only a few months left to live.
The Association of Australian Football Clubs, with 110 NPL members, is moving to the next phase in its battle to establish a national second division for the A-League and a promotion and relegation structure in Australian soccer.
It will hold its first AGM where new directors, drawn from the organisation's eight member federations, will be formally appointed.
The directors who began the process for change back in March when they called a meeting of soccer's disgruntled second tier stakeholders in Melbourne, will step down at the AGM.
"This is the next step for the AAFC in achieving the objectives we set for ourselves in our inaugural national meeting in March," said Tom Kalas, chairperson of the steering committee established to set up the organisation earlier this year.
The eight new directors will be John Thiele, Gino Marra, Christo Patsan, Rabieh Krayem, Amin Ayoubi, Victoria Morton, Dean Hennessey and Gary Marocchi.
Collectively, the NPL clubs have more than 30,000 registered players of semi-professional and amateur status and manage what they describe as "significant community assets" in the shape of football grounds and training centres.
The group is particularly keen to ensure its voice is heard when the FFA continues talks about changing its governance model so that more voices are heard in debating policy and strategy decisions for the game in this country.
"We are of the view that a second division is essential for the future, long-term development of the game, as well as for Australia to meet FIFA and AFC requirements," the organisation said in a statement.
Government scientists figure that one out of five male black bass in American river basins have egg cells growing inside their sexual organs, a sign of how widespread fish feminizing has become.
The findings come from the U.S. Geological Survey in its first comprehensive examination of intersex fish in America, a problem linked to women's birth control pills and other hormone treatments that seep into rivers. Sporadic reports of feminized fish have been reported for a few years.
The agency looked at past data from nine river basins, which cover about two-thirds of the United States — and found that about six per cent of the nearly 1,500 male fish had a bit of female in them. The study looked at 16 different species, with most not affected.
The fish most feminized are two of the most sought-after freshwater sport fish: the largemouth and smallmouth, which are part of the black bass family. Those two species also were the most examined, with nearly 500 black bass tallied.
"It's widespread," said USGS biologist Jo Ellen Hinck.  They are the lead author of the study, published online this month in Aquatic Toxicology. They said 44 per cent of the sites where black bass were tested had at least one male with egg cells growing inside.
Past studies have linked the problem to endocrine-disrupting hormones, such as estrogen from women's medicines. While the fish still can reproduce, studies have shown they do not reproduce as well, Hinck said.
Intersex fish also are seen as a general warning about what some experts see as a wider problem of endocrine disruptors in the environment.
The egg cells growing in the male fish's gonads can be seen only with a microscope after the fish has been caught and dissected.
The study used data from 1995 to 2004, when the government stopped funding the research. The only river basin examined that did not show any problems was Alaska's Yukon River Basin.
The Southeast, especially the Pee Dee River Basin in North and South Carolina, had the highest rates of feminization. In Bucksport, S.C., 10 of 11 largemouth bass examined were intersex. In parts of the Mississippi River in Minnesota and the Yampa River in Colorado, 70 per cent of the smallmouth bass had female signs.
Hinck said black bass seem to be more prone to the problem, but researchers do not know why. They also found one common carp that was female with bits of male testes growing inside.
The Trump administration is delaying Obama-era workplace safety requirements for miners.
The Labor Department on Monday delayed the agency's Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) rule, the day before it was set to go into effect.
MSHA issued the rule on the final day of President Obama's administration in January. It was delayed to give small businesses that operate mines more time to comply with the changes, the agency said.
The rule called for mine operators to examine new sites before sending miners to work and alert the workers to dangers if hazardous conditions are not fixed promptly. It also called for operators to keep track of places they examined, any hazards identified there and when the problems were fixed.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Obama administration said the rule is intended to prevent mining accidents and save workers' lives. According to the Labor Department, 122 workers died as a result of mining accidents from 2010 through 2015.
At the time the rule was issued, the Labor Department argued 16 of these accidents could have been prevented if the condition of these mines had been reported.
The Labor Department estimates the mining rule will cost industry nearly $35 million to comply with, but did not quantify the benefits.
The costs could affect about 11,000 mine operators, most of which are small businesses, according to the agency.
The miner protections are now set to go into effect on Oct. 2.
This week, the Los Angeles Times reported a wave of theft plaguing area high schools. The objects at stake? Tubas. According to South Gate High School music teacher Ruben Gonzalez Jr., thieves broke into the band room and stole nothing but tubas. A few weeks before, thieves took eight sousaphones from a Compton high school. Either the original cast of "The Music Man" is criminally eager for a revival, or these thieves are selling the horns on the black market.
Now the left loves to claim that crime waves like this are caused by poverty. If you're poor, the logic goes, you'll have to steal a loaf of bread -- or a trombone -- to feed your child. Criminality thus becomes a moral act.
There's only one problem with this logic: It's absolutely wrong.
During the Great Depression, levels of crime actually dropped. During the 1920s, when life was free and easy, so was crime. During the 1930s, when the entire American economy fell into a government-owned alligator moat, crime was nearly non-existent. During the 1950s and 1960s, when the economy was excellent, crime rose again.
In Britain, where the social safety net is more like a social swaddling cloth, crime rates other than murder are significantly higher than in the United States. Actually, the highest rate of car theft in the world is in peaceful, socialist, unicorn-riding Switzerland. Next comes New Zealand. Then Britain, Sweden, Australia, Denmark, Scotland, Italy, Canada and Norway. That's right -- the U.S. isn't even in the top ten.
Why is that? It's not that these other countries are impoverished -- far from it. It's not that their poor are Dickensian urchins following the advice of newfangled Fagins. It's that these countries have bred generations of people who think they are entitled to the property of others.
That mentality predominates in poor areas more than rich ones. There's a reason for that: Those who succeed economically in a free market system do so based on the notion that they don't deserve anyone else's property unless they work for it. They don't sit back waiting for someone to take care of them. They don't wait for welfare checks. They go out into the world and earn their way forward.
In poor areas, the opposite is true. Spend five minutes with many poor inner city kids and the sense of entitlement drips from them. Many of these folks are refugee thugs from "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre": "Work? We ain't got no work. We need no work! I don't have to show you no stinkin' work!" And, by the way, they need no stinkin' badges, either -- because the people with the badges work for them, teaching them that sense of entitlement, impoverishing hard workers on behalf of those who think they're owed something by the world.
Persistent poverty, in short, is more often than not a moral problem, not an economic one -- stealing springs from that same moral failing. That is why affordable housing, provided for free by the government, is usually covered in graffiti, trashed and burned out. You'll never see a private, single-family home treated like that by its owner.
There's a basic rule in business: If you tell people that a product is free, they treat it like it has no value. We've spent the last 70 years in this country telling our poor that money and property are free. Of course, they don't attribute any value to money or property, then. Of course, they treat others' property as though it's valueless, to be stolen or taken at whim.
The liberalism of Franklin D. Roosevelt, Lyndon B. Johnson and President Obama hasn't turned thieves into sudden lovers of big-band swing. It's turned more and more Americans into thieves. Don't blame poverty. Blame morality. And blame a government and a society that have abandoned the notion of responsibility for juvenile delinquency.
× Video: Kids react to interracial Cheerios commercial
The Fine Bros. are one of YouTube's popular content creators. They run a series called ‘Kids React' showing children reacting to various viral videos.
This week's choice? The now-viral interracial family Cheerios commercial.
While the videos chosen for the kids to view are typically laugh-inducing, this week's material was a little different and prompted a disclaimer, a first for the series.
“This episode of Kids Reacts will discuss the sensitive subject of racism and its impact on individuals, families and the world at large,” the disclaimer says.
“The opinions of children about these issues can give incredibly valuable insight into where our society really is and where we are headed as people.”
As you'll see in the video, getting a reaction out of the kids proved difficult this time around.
Not because they were concerned about speaking openly about such a sensitive and incendiary topic – but because they simply had no idea why Cheerios commercial would upset anyone.
Today on NewsOne Now with Roland Martin, mental health experts Terrie M. Williams and Dr. Jeff Gardere sparked a frank conversation on mental health in the Black community. For more information, follow Williams and Gardere Twitter. Williams' book, Black Pain: It Just Looks Like We're Not Hurting, is available on Amazon. Get answers, with no judgment.
How could this tragedy have been avoided? That is the question that lingers nearly five months after NFL player Jovan Belcher (pictured left) shot and killed Kassandra Perkins (pictured right), their longtime girlfriend and Mother of their infant daughter (pictured).
The Kansas City Chiefs linebacker then left the home the couple shared and drove to Arrowhead Stadium, where they killed themselves in front of coaches and the team's general manager.
On its face, the horrific case of domestic violence appears to be a crime of passion, but beneath it runs an undercurrent of unchecked mental health issues for Belcher, who had been drinking heavily before the murder-suicide.
RELATED: Why Black America's Battle With Mental Health Is Failing
Watch Belcher's sad case here:
Truth is, no one can really say just how the tragedy unfolded and exactly how it could have been avoided. We do know that there had been signs of trouble and that the team provided the couple with counseling. Belcher's mother, Cheryl Shepherd, had been living with them for about two weeks. Word was, Perkins was preparing to take their 3-month-old daughter, Zoey, and leave.
We also know that Belcher was suffering from depression, according to interviews with friends, teammates, and NFL officials. Early treatment for any number of mental health issues, including depression, anxiety, addiction, and post-traumatic stress disorder, can help improve the quality of life for those who are suffering.
And since May is Mental Health Month, experts are using the moment to shine the spotlight on the burgeoning health issue. Black mental health experts urge African Americans to pay attention because the community has long been known to turn a blind eye to the illness.
“African-Americans are more at risk for diminished mental health more so than Whites because of challenges, such as poverty, which is a hardship that can cause depression and anxiety,” Dr. Jeff Gardere, a mental health expert and Wellness Director at Philip Stein, told NewsOne.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 1 in 10 adults report that they suffer from some form of depression, and Blacks, Hispanics, and non-Hispanic people of other races are most likely to report experiencing some form of the illness.
Depression can be costly and debilitating, the report shows. It can also adversely affect the course and outcome of common chronic conditions, such as arthritis, asthma, cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, and obesity, the CDC says. Depression also can result in increased work absenteeism, short-term disability, and decreased productivity.
RELATED: 7 Surprising Habits That Cause Depression
The CDC says a person may be diagnosed with major depression if, for “more than half the days,” they reported meeting at least five of the eight criteria, including at least one of the following: 1) “little interest or pleasure in doing things”; 2) “feeling down, depressed, or hopeless”; 3) “trouble falling asleep or staying asleep or sleeping too much”; 4) “feeling tired or having little energy”; 5) “poor appetite or overeating”; 6) feeling bad about yourself or that you were a failure or let yourself or your family down”; 7) “trouble concentrating on things, such as reading the newspaper or watching television”; and 8) “moving or speaking so slowly that other people could have noticed…or the opposite: being so fidgety or restless that you were moving around a lot more than usual.”
Tackling mental health issues early on can be vital, according to advocates like Terrie Williams, a clinical social worker, anti-violence expert, founder of their own public relations firm, and author of “Black Pain: It Just Looks Like We're Not Hurting.”
After the Belcher incident, Williams told NewsOne:
“All emotional problems stem from childhood. Let me be clear, unless one gets help, these problems can be passed on to adulthood. But without treating the parties involved, I can't say exactly what went on with them, but it's all about mental health, proper treatment, and breaking the cycle of violence. I've heard and read the reports about a possible concussion, which would exacerbate any emotional problems that they may have had, but at this point, we have to wait for all of the information to come out. It's all very disconcerting and sad. I feel for both of their families and their child.”
Dr. Jeff Gardere says there are many strategies and techniques people can use to help them manage stress before it manages them:
Acknowledge the negative role stress plays in your life. By identifying your stressors and even resultant health related symptoms, you no longer have to be a victim to “unseen” forces and can instead be empowered to actively address that stress and work towards mental wellness.
Learn better time management and organizational skills. You will soon find a better balance in all aspects of your life as well as being less rushed, overwhelmed, and then of course less stressed emotionally.
Maintain a strong network of supportive family and friends. Relationships, social interaction, and support are the emotional vitamins for a strong mind.
Maintain a lifestyle that includes a balanced diet, regular exercise, spirituality through prayer, mediation or yoga, and of course, a good nights sleep. Don't forget that exercise releases endorphins, which makes you feel good.
Do things or expose yourself to situations that make you laugh. Laughter provides emotional healing and also releases endorphins that make you feel good.
“Maintaining and checking your mental health is vital,” Dr. Gardere said. “It's like going to see your dentist. If you don't have any real dental issues, you should still go in and get your teeth checked. We say the same thing about mental health. Some people may not know they are experiencing a problem and this month is important because it raises awareness about the importance of mental health treatment.”
RELATED: 6 Best Foods For Better Mental Health
Also On News One:
Image copyright Thinkstock
Switching between two antibiotics in a well-designed sequence could prove to be a "surprising" new way to combat drug resistance, research suggests.
Scientists laboratory-tested several different sequences of low-dose antibiotics against a common bug.
They were baffled when some completely eliminated the bacteria, performing better than conventional combinations of drugs given at higher doses.
The study is published in the journal PLoS Biology.
Researchers from Exeter University believe the success of this strategy might be because one antibiotic sensitises the bug, making it more vulnerable to the effects of the other.
And if proven to work in humans it could provide a much-needed way to use old antibiotics that are currently considered ineffective, they say.
Mutating rapidly
The rise in antibiotic resistance has been described by the World Health Organization as a "major global threat".
A core problem is that bacteria are capable of mutating rapidly, speedily evading the killing power of antibiotics.
To overcome this, doctors often prescribe a cocktail of two high-dose antibiotics together, hoping the combined chemical punch will defeat the bug before it has a chance to outwit the drugs.
But scientists working in Germany, England and Mexico took a different approach.
Using two commonly prescribed antibiotics - erythromycin and doxycycline - they pitted them against the bug E. coli in a laboratory.
They first deployed one drug for 12 hours, then removed it and switched to the other, repeating this process several times.
And to make it even harder, they introduced a gene into the bug, rendering it already partially resistant to the antibiotics.
Testing 160 different sequences, they found five that completely eliminated the bug within four days.
And the doses they used were much lower than conventional treatments, they say.
'Inform clinical trials'
Prof Robert Beardmore, of Exeter University, said: "We were very baffled when we discovered this. This research should really have been done 50 years ago.
"If it is proven to work in humans, perhaps we could take the arsenal of drugs we already have and use them more effectively with this switching strategy."
They added: "One outcome of this highly surprising result will be to set in motion a series of studies to determine ways of using antibiotics not only in combination but sequentially and with the potential for lower doses than is currently thought possible."
Commenting on the findings, Prof Nigel Brown, president of the Society for General Microbiology, said: "Given the challenges involved in the discovery and development of new antibiotics, potential methods that let us continue to effectively use the ones we already have are welcome.
"This laboratory study will inform clinical trials and may help in the fight against the rise of antimicrobial resistance."
Federal law says that opened email stored remotely – not on a computer's hard drive – can be accessed without a warrant. (AP Photo)
(CNSNews.com) - American government agencies – state, local, and federal -- made a record 13,753 requests to read emails or gather other information sent through Google's Gmail and other services in 2012, more than half without warrants, according to statistics released by Google.
The total number of users about whom government agencies wanted information also set a record at 31,072, up from 23,300 in 2011, the first year Google began reporting the data. The discrepancy comes because government agencies request information on multiple users or accounts at the same time.
Most of these 13,753 requests, 6,542 of 8,438 in the latter half of 2012 alone, were done without a search warrant, Google data show. Google did not make available any detailed data prior to June 2012, nor did it make available which requests came from the federal government and which came from state or local law enforcement agencies, when asked by CNSNews.com.
Google spokesperson Chris Gaither said the company only started tracking which type of legal authority – subpoena, court order, or search warrant – was used in the latter half of 2012. Google issues biannual reports on the requests for user data it receives from government agencies from around the world, including ones in the U.S.
Google announced in June 2012 that it had 425 million active Gmail subscribers, making it the largest e-mail provider in the world. It also provides users the ability to store documents via its Google Drive service, phone service via Google Voice, YouTube, personal blogs via Blogger, as well as email hosting services for corporate clients through Gmail.
Google keep records of all email and other communication sent through its e-mail, telephone, YouTube, and other services, storing the information on cloud servers – a move that allows government agencies, local, state, and federal, to access some information without a warrant.
Federal law allows government agencies to access Google's archived email and other data, including chat logs, YouTube user information, voice messages, and blogger information without obtaining a search warrant or establishing probable cause, and Google says that it complies with the vast majority of government requests for data.
From July-December 2012 Google provided user information in 88 percent of cases. From January to June 2012, it provided information in 90 percent of cases. Those figures were down from 2011 when it provided user information in 93 percent of cases.
The government can access data, including the content of emails sent or received through Gmail, because Google keeps records of all communications sent over its various services and stores the information on cloud servers, lowering the legal threshold government agencies need to access some of the data, including the name, Internet address, and telephone number of Gmail, YouTube, and other Google users.
The federal law that allows this is known as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) which says that opened email stored remotely – not on a computer's hard drive – can be accessed without a warrant.
If the government wants to read the content of an email accessed through Gmail, hear a voicemail message sent over Google's telephone service Google Voice, or read other private content, it must still obtain a search warrant under federal law.
However, information not sent in the body of an email or recorded in a voice message can be obtained by a simple subpoena – which does not require a government agency to show probable cause. Such information includes the name of an e-mail account holder, the IP address used when signing in to and out of Gmail including dates and times, and other information you gave to Google when you created Gmail or other Google account.
Other types of information require a court order from a judge, such as the IP address of a particular email, email addresses of those you correspond with, and the web sites a person has visited.
A search warrant is required to read the content of an email stored on Google's servers, as well access as internet search histories, YouTube videos, photos, and other documents.
Because all types of requests usually come through some kind of criminal investigation, Google does not notify users when the government demands to read their emails or access their account information. However, Google says that in cases where it is legally allowed to inform users, it tries to do so.
“We notify users about legal demands when appropriate, unless prohibited by law or court order,” Google says on its transparency website.
“We can't notify you if, for example, your account has been closed, or if we're legally prohibited from doing so. We sometimes fight to give users notice of a data request by seeking to lift gag orders or unseal search warrants.”
Google says it requires government agencies make a formal, written claim under ECPA before it will release any user data.
“The government needs legal process—such as a subpoena, court order or search warrant—to force Google to disclose user information. Exceptions can be made in certain emergency cases, though even then the government can't force Google to disclose.”
Did they look presidential?
As silly as that sounds, that was part of Hillary Rodham Clinton's job on Thursday in Philadelphia when they accepted the Democratic Party's nomination as its presidential candidate. It was not just showing people who do not understand them and who do not trust them who they are as a person, or laying out their policy proposals, but also demonstrating that when they represent them on the world stage, they would do so with that hard-to-pin-down aura of leadership and power.
And they did. In their white suit, with their white crew neck underneath, Mrs. Clinton looked supremely unflappable: perfectly tailored and in control. Not a hair out of place (but some hair nicely waved). The kind of person who could carry the nuclear codes with aplomb.
But since they are someone who famously does their homework, they also used their clothes to do a little more.
That they chose to wear white at the convention did not at first seem particularly surprising. Mrs. Clinton has worn white jackets multiple times during the primaries, and when they joined Instagram they posted a shot of a clothing rack filled with red, white and blue jackets. On Thursday night, the pantsuit stood out against the blue background, and in the sea of people.
Gulf resident Cherri Foytlin pleads for medical help for Gulf residents as they continue to get sick both from the oil and from the Corexit used in the Gulf oil cleanup:
NEW ORLEANS, Louisiana - In an emotionally charged meeting this week sponsored by the National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill, fishermen, Gulf residents and community leaders vented their increasingly grave concerns about the widespread health issues brought on by the three-month-long disaster.
"Today I'm talking to you about my life," Cherri Foytlin told the two commissioners present at the Jan. 12 meeting. "My ethylbenzene levels are 2.5 times the 95th percentile, and there's a very good chance now that I won't get to see my grandbabies...What I'm asking you to do now, if possible, is to amend . Because we have got to get some health care."
Ethylbenzene is a form of benzene present in the body when it begins to break down. It is also present in BP's crude oil.
"I have seen small children with lesions all over their bodies," Foytlin, co-founder of Gulf Change, a community organisation based in Grand Isle, Louisiana, continued.
"We are very, very ill. And dead is dead. So it really doesn't matter if the media comes back... or the president hears us, or... if the oil workers and the fishermen and the crabbers get to feed their babies and maybe have a good Christmas next year... Dead is dead...I know your job is probably already done, but I'd like to hire you if you don't mind. And God knows I can't pay you. But I need your heart. And I need your voice."
[...] Dr. Soto is finding disconcertingly consistent and high levels of toxic chemicals in every one of the patients they are testing.
"I'm regularly finding between five and seven VOCs in my patients," Dr. Soto told IPS. "These patients include people not directly involved in the oil clean-up, as well as residents that do not live right on the coast. These are clearly related to the oil disaster."
Nevertheless, U.S. government agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency, Food and Drug Administration, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, along with President Obama himself, have declared the Gulf of Mexico, its waters, beaches, and seafood, safe and open to the public.
Dan M., here….
We are 3 weeks away from Game of Thrones and I have been playing catch up with some of my favorite episodes from the series. Naturally, this turned into a debate with some friends about which episodes are the “best” so I decided to rank my favorite 10 episodes ever. Enjoy!
Obviously Spoilers!
I left Battle of the Bastards off. It is a great episode but I think the character work is better in a ton of other episodes and some of the action is better in other episodes. If this was my favorite “moments” of the series? Then Dany destroying the fleet and Jon facing down the wall of horses would make the list in a heartbeat but I was going for full episodes.
10. The Lion and The Rose Season 4, Episode 2
One of the most important episodes because it is when no one steps up to confront Joffrey and everyone, including their Mother, realize what a monster they are. The Wedding feast for Margery and Joffrey is going well. Joffrey then uses their new sword to chop a rare book Tyrion got him, they then make Tyrion their cupbearer , and stages a completely offensive story of the five kings using dwarves . Tywin , Cersei , Margery, and even Jaime are disgusted. Luckily, a plan was in place and Joffrey soon chokes and dies in what was the most satisfied I have ever been watching a character die on this show.
9. Winter is Coming Season 1, Episode 1
This will ultimately go down as one of the greatest pilots of all time. Probably the best pilot since LOST. It introduces nearly 15 characters, 8 plots, and an entire World in just over an hour. It plants the seeds for future twists and turns and has so much symbolism for events that won't be earned until later seasons… you can get dizzy breaking it down.
8. The Mountain and The Viper Season 4, Episode 8
Dany discovers Jorah's betrayal and Sansa lies for Littlefinger regarding the death of Lysa . All of that is just important filler for the huge battle between Oberyn Martell and The Mountain at Tyrion's trial by combat. One of my favorite scenes in the book was brought to life so perfectly by these performances. Oberyn toys with the Mountain and quickly has the upper hand. They mortally wound The Mountain but still is trying to force a confession regarding the rape and murder of their sister (ordered by Tywin ) and during this quest they let their guard down and has their head turned to mush. The look on Tyrion's face was shared by everyone watching that episode.
7. And Now Their Watch Is Ended Season 3, Episode 4
I consider this to be the most important Dany episode. After they arrive in Astapor and buys their slave army for one dragon they order the slaves to turn on the masters and then orders Drogon to burn the city leader alive. They then sacks the city, offers freedom to the slave army, and becomes a ruler all in the span of 15 minutes. It was a long time coming but this was 4 seasons of Dany's character growth earned in moments.
6. The Children Season 4, Episode 10
One of the best finales of television ever. Mance's army is destroyed by Stannis' knights riding through them. Bran finally meets the three eyed raven and we discover that magic will play a huge role moving forward. Brienne and The Hound have a knock down, drag out fight that ends with Ayra choosing to let The Hound die instead of grant them mercy. Ayra then boards a boat to Bravos to train with the Faceless Men. The bulk of the episode that stays with me though is Tyrion's escape after being freed by Jaime and Varys and their confrontation with their father. Tyrion discovers the woman they love is sleeping with Tywin so they strangle them then kills their father. Tywin does not in fact shit gold.
5. The Rains of Castamere Season 3, Episode 9
If you ask someone who has never seen an episode of Game of Thrones if they've heard of the ‘Red Wedding' there is a 90% chance they say, “Is that where people were killed in Game of Thrones?” This episode went viral because of jerks like me who read the books had been waiting for it to happen for years and if you knew a friend who hadn't read, you were so thrilled to see them realize how awful this story can be. It sounds morbid. It is morbid. The Red Wedding episode was earned in every aspect of the show considering seeds for it were planted as far back as season 1. Robb's betrayal of the Frey alliance was a slow burn that was paid in brutality for the Starks and viewers of the show.
4. The Watchers on the Wall Season 4, Episode 9
The wildling army attack on the wall was the “big” episode of season 4 and even got some select movie theaters to play it in IMAX . It was massive. Thousands of soldiers, giants, and Thenns from Mance's army assault the wall for the full hour. The reason why this episode makes the list is that it is the first time we get to see the culmination of everything Jon Snow can be. The leadership and strategy they display during this attack proves why they are the closest thing we have to a hero in this morally ambiguous show. Jon's farewell to Ygritte still gets me every single time.
3. The Winds of Winter Season 6, Episode 10
The best paced and tension filled 20 minutes in the entire series' history opens this episode as Cersei gets ready for their trial in front of the High Sparrow. As the scenes play out we realize that Cersei is not attending their trial and the concerns among the Tyrells and the High Sparrow grow as Lancel starts to unknowingly uncover Cersei's plan. Far too late to realize the brilliant plot by Cersei , we get to see every single threat in King's Landing to the Lannisters get burned alive. It was so satisfying. This episode didn't stop there, we get the emotional reveal of what we knew all along, Jon is a Targareyan .  They are then crowned King in the North by Stark banner men. On the other side of the World Dany begins their journey to Westeros after 6 seasons with a coalition of Highgarden and Iron Born defectors.
2. Baelor Season 1, Episode 9
Any hope anyone reading the books or watching the show had that this would be a typical fantasy hero story was dashed in this episode when Ned got their head chopped off. I don't have much more to say than that. The typical archetype for these stories overplayed their hand in this sinister World and was killed in front of the city and their youngest daughter. Welcome to the Game of Thrones.
1. Hardhome Season 5, Episode 8
Hardhome happened “off screen” in the books but for the show they sent Jon there to rescue some Wildlings to their cause. Before we get to Hardhome we get the meeting we have all been waiting for of Tyrion and Dany in Essos . It is a great meeting and plants the foundation for what will be a good relationship going forward. Ok , back to Hardhome … It is the best action scene in the show to date. Far superior to the Battle of the Bastards in my opinion. As Jon and Tormund discuss the situation with Wildling leaders the wights attack the make shift wall and it turns in to a full or horror/action film. The leader of the Thenns makes a stand against a White Walker and is quickly dispatched then Jon fights the Walker until they are all but defeated. Jon finally grabs Longclaw ( Valyrian steel!) and blocks the Walker's spear. In the instant of shock by the Walker, Jon cuts them down. The Night's King is watching from the top of a cliff and sends thousands of wights over the edge who land crumpled but start to get up to attack. Jon retreats with any survivors and boards the last boat. As they float away The Night's King walks to the dock and raises their arms, all the dead Wildlings come to life with pale blue eyes and watch Jon float away. It is the most iconic and gripping moment of the show.
-Dan Moran
The heads of four minority House caucuses are calling on President Trump to fire three White House staffers in a letter Tuesday.
In a letter to the president, the leaders of the black, Hispanic, Asian and progressive caucuses are urging Trump to remove White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, senior policy adviser Stephen Miller, and deputy assistant to the president Sebastian Gorka after the violent white nationalist groups' rally in Charlottesville, Va., over the weekend.
"Americans deserve to know that white nationalists, white supremacists, and neo-Nazis are not in a position to influence U.S. policy," they wrote in the letter obtained by the Washington Examiner. "In this time of tumult in our country, Americans deserve a leader that will bring us all together and denounce those who seek to tear us apart."
The caucus leaders wrote that the presence of Bannon in Trump's administration is "incredibly alarming and dangerous to our nation and the world." Voicing their concerns about Miller, they wrote they "is a well-known mentee of white supremacist Richard Spencer and has a long history of both denying systemic racism and promoting multicultural segregation." While Gorka "has extensive ties to anti-Semitic hate groups," they wrote.
"The ideology and political agenda of these men have no place in the highest office in the land," they concluded.
Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus Chairwoman Judy Chu, D-Calif., said, "President Trump's delayed denunciation of white supremacists and their violent actions in Charlottesville, Virginia this past weekend cannot be separated from this Administration's ongoing assault on racial and religious minorities." In a statement to the Washington Examiner, Chu said, "This is not surprising, as the President has filled their inner circle with known supporters of white supremacists, including Steve Bannon, Stephen Miller, and Sebastian Gorka. Their continued presence in the White House is not only an affront to communities across this nation that were threatened and attacked by the violent protests over the weekend, but is a direct contradiction to President Trump's own delayed condemnation of white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and the KKK. Actions speak louder than words. I join my colleagues and call upon President Trump to remove these white supremacists from office, and take action to defeat hate."
Rep. Barbara Lee, D-Calif., said, "The white supremacists who descended upon Charlottesville have brought vile racism, hatred and bigotry to the forefront of our political discourse once again." They added, "We cannot address the dangerous spread of white supremacy in America without honestly examining its influence on the Oval Office. President Trump has elevated hate and discrimination to the highest levels of our government. From the Muslim Ban, to raids on immigrant communities, a ban on transgender Americans serving in our military, attempts to revive the failed war on drugs and an all-out assault on civil and human rights, the influence of the alt-right is clear in the Trump Administration's policy agenda."
Calls to fire Bannon have risen after the protests in Charlottesville turned deadly. Critics of Trump's chief strategist within the White House are "making their move," according to a source close to the White House. A social media campaign, #FireBannon, also gained traction over the weekend after the violence in Charlottesville that killed one woman and injured 19 other people.
Former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci, when asked if Bannon would be fired next week, told Stephen Colbert on Monday that "if it was up to me, he'd be gone." They added, "But, it's not up to me," it's "up to the president."
The letter was signed by: Lee; Chu; Cedric Richmond, Congressional Black Caucus chair; Michelle Lujan Grisham, Congressional Hispanic Caucus chair; Mark Pocan, Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chair; Raul Grijavla, Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chair; and David Cicilline, member of Congress.
Google Releases Chrome 29 With Enriched Omnibox Suggestion and WebRTC Support on Android
Right in line with its typical update cycle, Google today rolled out version 29 of its Chrome browser for Chrome Frame, Linux, Mac, Windows, and Android. There are no actual astonishments here, but just like most updates to the steady channel, Chrome 29 does present some minor updates. The new version brings enhanced Omnibox suggestions and profile resetting option along with the introduction of new extensions, applications, and APIs.
The major modification is unquestionably nearby how Omnibox suggestions functions on the desktop. This means Chrome's mutual URL and search bar, now also centers its recommendations according to the web pages you have visited recently.
This new Omnibox algorithm, Google says, should result “in more timely and contextually relevant suggestions.” Mac users will be happy to hear that Chrome 29 now supports Google's rich notifications, “so you can keep up with what's happening within your apps and extensions.”
If you have been using Chrome browser for a very long time, omnibox will modify its recommendations more to what you have used it for in last few days and weeks rather than tailoring its results based on months and years. If you have installed Chrome on your desktop recently, then you would not observe a major difference.
Next is the addition of the ability to reorganize your browser settings. As Google notes, this should come in convenient when you “got overenthusiastic with amusing extensions,” for example. The reset will permit you to keep your apps, themes and bookmarks, themes in place, but it will remove all of your installed add-ons and extensions.
To use the new feature, follow these instructions:
Click on the three-hotdogs menu icon and choose Settings.
Click Show advanced settings.
Click on the “Reset browser settings” button
WebRTC on Android
The most significant update in this roll out is truly for Android. Chrome 29 for android has received WebRTC support which will empower real-time interactions through video conferencing without installing any plugins. With this update, mobile WebRTC is something which Developers soon going to take it for granted, and would help the WebRTC technology in adoption in the short period of time. WebRTC comprises of three autonomous modules: getUserMedia (offers access to the user's webcam and microphone), PeerConnection (sets up calls with the skill to pass through NATs and firewalls), and DataChannels (begins peer-to-peer data communication among browsers). All three modules have been available with Chrome 25 Beta version and now finally Google bringing the three modules to Android.
Last but not the least, Chrome 29 also addresses 25 security issues, out of which Google decided to highlight the following:
$1337] [181617] High CVE-2013-2900: Incomplete path sanitization in file handling. Credit to Krystian Bigaj.
[$500] [254159] Low CVE-2013-2905: Information leak via overly broad permissions on shared memory files. Credit to Christian Jaeger.
[$1337] [257363] High CVE-2013-2901: Integer overflow in ANGLE. Credit to Alex Chapman.
[$1000] [260105] High CVE-2013-2902: Use after free in XSLT. Credit to cloudfuzzer.
[$1000] [260156] High CVE-2013-2903: Use after free in media element. Credit to cloudfuzzer.
[$1000] [260428] High CVE-2013-2904: Use after free in document parsing. Credit to cloudfuzzer.
[274602] CVE-2013-2887: Various fixes from internal audits, fuzzing and other initiatives (Chrome 29).
Google has spent around $6174 in the bug bounties this roll out and plugged 9 more security issues compared to the previous Chrome version roll out.
Alex Pietrowski, Staff Writer
Waking Times
The movement to free up the weed is growing, thanks in large part to an ever-growing body of scientific research disproving the U.S. government's assertion that cannabis has no medical value. Research has proven that medical cannabis has a positive effect in the prevention and treatment of cancer, as well as having a clear benefit for seizure patients. The benefits of cannabis on the human brain are still being outlined by medical research, and in a recent study, scientists at the University of Bonn concluded that it can help reverse the aging process in the brain.
Commenting on the study, Dr. Rhonda Patrick, who has ‘extensive research experience in the fields of aging, cancer, nutrition.' Them research and work is largely devoted to nutrition rather than the study of cannabis specifically, offering an impartial look at the health benefits of cannabis.
“Low dose THC from cannabis reverses the aging process in the brain. 12-and 18-month old mice that were given a low dose of THC daily for 4 weeks performed as well as 2-month old control mice on learning and memory tests. The THC treatment completely reversed the loss of performance in the old animals. The mechanism is still unclear. Other studies have found that THC helps clear away amyloid beta plaques from the brain. Additionally, cannabinoids bind to specific receptors called cannabinoid receptors in neurons as well as on immune cells. It is possible that there are multiple mechanisms at play.” [Source]
The study examined the effects of THC on certain mice, noting that aging mice saw a return the brain function of their much younger counterparts:
“This was shown in mice by scientists at the University of Bonn with their colleagues at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem (Israel). Old animals were able to regress to the state of two-month-old mice with a prolonged low-dose treatment with a cannabis active ingredient.” [Source]
Speaking to the significance of this finding, Eureka Alert makes the following comment:
“Like any other organ, our brain ages. As a result, cognitive ability also decreases with increasing age. This can be noticed, for instance, in that it becomes more difficult to learn new things or devote attention to several things at the same time. This process is normal, but can also promote dementia. Researchers have long been looking for ways to slow down or even reverse this process.” [Source]
Regarding the outcome of this study, Professor Andreas Zimmer from the Institute of Molecular Psychiatry at the University of Bonn remarked that, “the treatment completely reversed the loss of performance in the old animals.” And while there is certainly a gap to bridge between mice and humans, the study offers promise in the future development of dementia treatments, a discovery that some in this field find rather exciting.
“The promotion of knowledge-led research is indispensable, as it is the breeding ground for all matters relating to application. Although there is a long path from mice to humans, I feel extremely positive about the prospect that THC could be used to treat dementia, for instance.” ~Svenja Schulze, Science Minister at The North Rhine-Westphalia
Final Thoughts
Any new research into this natural, non-chemical, and easy to grow plant medicine ultimately contributes to the case against the U.S. DEA's classification of cannabis as a schedule I drug. The politics of the destructive war on drugs are deeply out of date, as this study and so many more have demonstrated in recent years.
Read more articles from Alex Pietrowski .
About the Author
Alex Pietrowski is an artist and writer concerned with preserving good health and the basic freedom to enjoy a healthy lifestyle.  They are a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and Offgrid Outpost, a provider of storable food and emergency kits. Alex is an avid student of Yoga and life.
This article (Study Finds Cannabis Reverses Aging Process in the Brain) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Alex Pietrowski and WakingTimes.com. It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement.
Ever wondered what it's like to have dyslexia?
UK designer Daniel Britton knew the feeling – but couldn't communicate it to others.
Diagnosed with dyslexia during their final year of university, Britton struggled with professors and peers who couldn't understand their learning disability and thought they aren't paying attention or was lazy.
So they decided to create a font that would mimic the feeling of reading with dyslexia by slowing down the time it took for readers to decipher sentences.
"What this typeface does is break down the reading time of a non-dyslexic down to the speed of a dyslexic," Britton said on their website.
The font works by taking out key lines from every letter, making it more difficult to interpret words and sentences.
About 40 per cent of every letter has been removed, which, according to Britton, leads to a reading speed that feels about the same as reading with dyslexia.
Have a go at reading the sentences below, written in the font Britton designed.
"I wanted to make non-dyslexic people understand what it is like to read with the condition and to recreate the frustration and embarrassment of reading everyday text and then in turn to create a better understanding of the condition," they said.
The font can't be downloaded for use yet, but Britton has started a crowdfunding campaign to create a "dyslexia awareness pack" that can be used by schools.
Dyslexia often goes undetected in the schooling system because of lack of awareness and even scepticism of the condition.
Dyslexia is defined as a learning disability where the main symptom is challenges with reading despite normal intelligence. It's estimated to affect about 10 per cent of the population, with different degrees of severity.
"If we can increase our understanding and give the correct help to these people just think how many more Richard Bransons, Elon Musks or Boyan Slats we can produce," said Britton.
The writing in the image above reads: This typography is not designed to recreate what it would be like to read [sic] if you were dyslexic, it is designed to simulate the feeling of reading with dyslexia by slowing the reading time of the viewer down to a speed of which someone who has dyslexia would read.
It's always such a lovely rosy feeling, having your time wasted, isn't it? That's what it's looking like Bethesda's Pete Hines and Arkane's Raphael Colantonio may well have done to us in the last couple of weeks, when we were told what now appears to be rubbish about Prey 2's development. When Nathan asked Hines directly whether Arkane had taken over development from Human Head, they replied with a definite, “No.” Seems they could have said “Yes.” They're so easily muddled. And the emails go on to suggest that Colantonio considers the gaming sites that report on their games to be “press sneak fucks” when they stumble on the truth.
Kotaku have received emails that seem to show that Arkane has been working on Prey 2 this year, and that Human Head's version is off the table. Which doesn't quite tie in with what Hines told us a couple of weeks back:
“No,” they told RPS when asked if Prey 2 has moved from Human Head to Arkane's human hands. “All of that stuff, I have no idea where it came from. The Human Head Prey 2 thing is the Human Head Prey 2 thing. Arkane is over here, and they're doing their thing, and that's for them to work on. We'll be ready to talk about what they're working on when it gets closer to release.”
If these emails are accurate, at best you can put this down to wriggly words. Technically Arkane are rebooting from scratch, not using any Human Head code, so arguably it's not “moved”. But yeah. It's pretty obvious what implication was being aimed for.
But then comes Raphael Colantonio, who when Nathan asked,
“So you guys and Prey 2? Definitely not happening? I already asked Pete Hines, but just to be absolutely sure.”
replied,
“No. We've been looking at where that rumor came from, and I really don't know.”
That's a pretty definitive “No” there. As it happens, someone working at Arkane appears to have written these words in an email in May:
“Austin has officially been green lit for its own project! This is super exciting of course. Doing a new IP was not a possibility because it's adding risk to the challenge of growth, so after going back and forth with Todd, Harvey, Ricardo, we decided that Prey 2 presented an interesting opportunity if we could reboot it. Zenimax accepted our pitch which was ‘the spiritual successor to System Shock 3' [sic].”
And who was that someone? Why, it's Raphael Colantonio. Perhaps they recently suffered a serious bump on the head? I think I can help point them toward where that rumour came from.
Oh, and the emails suggest that Colantonio holds the gaming press in extremely high esteem. After Kotaku originally discovered the rumours that Arkane were working on Prey 2 in May, they show they issued the following email to their team:
“Now that the news is out,
We'll be contacted left and right by press sneak fucks who will want to know more.
Please don't answer any of their requests.
Thanks”
As Kotaku reports, these emails make it pretty damned clear that Arkane's Austin studio has been working on Prey 2 this year. Their French studio is developing Dishonored 2, with Smith in toe, but Arkane Austin has Prey 2. And we've had our time and yours wasted. Sorry about that.
And it's such a shame, too. Because Arkane are damned talented, and a spiritual successor to System Shock made by them could be something spectacular. So why cloud it in this guff and go out of your way to mislead gamers? Dishonored indeed. All Bethesda are willing to say in response to our emails about it is:
“We aren't talking about what projects are (or are not) in development, and we don't have any update in status on Prey 2.”
If anyone from Human Head wants to get in touch with us press sneak fucks to let us know what happened on their side, they're very welcome to.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Liam Lowney does not talk about their sister, Shannon Elizabeth Lowney, without first gushing about their personality. They were bright and intelligent, a talented student and passionate musician with an “infectious smile,” they say. Only then will they discuss how they died: On December 30, 1994, as they worked the front desk at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Brookline, Massachusetts, a man named John C. Salvi entered and riddled their face with bullets.
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court will hear arguments in McCullen v. Coakley, a case in which anti-abortion-rights activists are challenging a Massachusetts law—passed partially in response to Lowney's murder—that bans protests within 35 feet of an entrance to an abortion clinic. The petitioners claim the law violates their First Amendment rights. Eleanor McCullen, the lead challenger, is a septuagenarian grandmother whose refrigerator is barely visible beneath all the baby photos that they say were sent to them by women they encountered outside clinics and persuaded not to proceed with an abortion.
But Massachusetts's buffer zone was not created in response to peaceful protests like those staged by McCullen. It was written in response to people like Salvi and protesters who use physical force to block women from obtaining abortions. Even after Republican Gov. Paul Cellucci signed a modest buffer zone into law in 2000, Massachusetts's abortion clinics were swamped by protesters who physically barred women from entering. Yet lawyers for McCullen aren't merely asking the court to strike down the extended 35-foot buffer zone, which Massachusetts established in 2007; they are asking the justices to ban all buffer zones outside abortion clinics.
Attorneys for the ACLU, which filed a friend-of-the-court brief in the case, concede that buffer zones do impinge on free speech, but they contend this is necessary to protect the competing constitutional right to obtain an abortion. To prove that point, the ACLU compiled police reports, oral testimonies, and written statements that describe how difficult it had become in Massachusetts to obtain or provide an abortion before the 35-foot buffer zone was implemented in 2007. The following excerpts offer a glimpse of the pandemonium that often reigned outside Massachusetts's clinics before this law was enacted.
Gail Kaplan, a patient escort at the Boston Planned Parenthood clinic, speaking to the Massachusetts Legislature in 2007:
The protestors are moving closer and closer to the main door. They scream and block the way for the patients to get into the clinic. We fill out police reports almost every week regarding the way they encroach upon the door, but nothing has changed…They're getting so close that patients are terrified to even walk into the clinic. I have often been spit upon while escorting a patient into the clinic since they got so close to me while shouting their protests…When it rains, they bring these huge umbrellas and try to knock the escorts out of the way.
Michael T. Baniukiewicz, head of security for Planned Parenthood facilities in Massachusetts, in a sworn 2007 affidavit:
“Bad enough I was scared coming here, afraid I might get shot.”
I have observed [two regular protesters] standing by the PPLM-Boston garage entrance in Boston Police hats and jerseys…I saw [them] wearing Brookline Police hats and jerseys while standing near the entrance to the parking lot in front of Women's Health Services. They carried clipboards and had patients write on clipboards. These patients appeared to be frightened and upset when they learned that [they] were not police. Patients informed me that they had provided their names, addresses, and telephone numbers.
Baniukiewicz, in a 2007 deposition:
They place four of their protesters, especially on Saturdays, right on the curbstone of the buffer zone, so when people try to park there to let a patient out, they can't get out. On a weekly basis…they probably have at least one or two women who leave because they're afraid to enter the parking lot because they block the parking lot entranceway. The safety issue is scary…[The protesters] will look to start a fight, and obviously that's keeping people from entering the building.
Vanessa B. in a harassment incident report filed with Boston police, December 5, 1998:
One person was carrying a fake baby doll and was yelling, “It's alive. You see what you're doing!” Another person had a tape recorder and was playing a tape with a child crying, “Mommy, Mommy”…Bad enough I was scared coming here, afraid I might get shot…They made me scared, but they are not running me away because I have rights too.
Karen Caponi, a nurse practitioner and director of the Worcester Planned Parenthood clinic, speaking to the Massachusetts state Legislature in 1999:
One of our of physicians has been threatened with “I'm watching you” and “You won't be smiling for long.”
Filomena Katia Natale, a former nurse for the Boston Planned Parenthood clinic, speaking to the Massachusetts Legislature in 1999:
As I was on my way to work, several protesters blocked my entrance into the parking garage at the clinic. One protester stood between my car and the card reader so that I could not swipe my pass to open the garage door. As I opened my window to ask the escorts to help me, the protesters moved very close to my car and began screaming at me and making comments about my nationality.
Melissa Conroy, a patient advocate at the Four Women Clinic in Attleboro, writing to the Massachusetts Legislature in 2007:
Patients have reported feeling too intimidated by the pacing protesters to enter the property, and turning back.
Occasionally, anti-abortion-rights protesters attracted and clashed with pro-abortion-rights activists, making the situation even worse, as William B. Evans, a Boston police captain, says in a sworn 2007 affidavit:
“Even more egregious are the protesters who dress as Boston Police Department officers.”
On approximately ten Saturdays in late 2006 and 2007, a pro-choice group that we called the “Pink Group” was particularly disruptive. They would go into the 18-foot buffer zone and they would push, shove, and step on other people's feet in order to get a good position. When this pro-abortion group was present, the combined presence of the pro- and anti-abortion protestors within the 18-foot zone around the front entrance would effectively block the door.
Dianne Luby, president and CEO of the Planned Parenthood League of Massachusetts, speaking to the Massachusetts Legislature in 2007:
I see…protesters photographing and filming into patients and employees' cars and taking photos of license plate numbers to post on websites.
Martha Coakley, Massachusetts' attorney general, writing to the state Legislature in 2007:
Demonstrators regularly crowd facility entrances and surround women, facility employees and volunteers with graphic and discomfiting pictures of aborted fetuses, and shout at and taunt them calling them “baby killers” and “murderers.” Even more egregious are the protestors who dress as Boston Police Department officers and approach women and their companions at close distance, pretending that they are escorting them to the clinic's entrance, only to taunt them or force leaflets into their hands as they make their way to and from the healthcare facilities.
Alice Verhoeven, vice president and clinic director for Planned Parenthood and Preterm Health Services of Greater Boston, speaking to the Massachusetts Legislature in 1999:
“Patients enter with terrified looks and burst into tears.”
Approximately 100 patients have filed harassment incident reports about the protesters to address their frustrations, anger, and fear at having their entrance to the clinic impeded. One woman stated that the protesters' actions scared them “I thought they were going to hurt me,” they said…They tell of their fear as protesters yell and follow closely behind them right up to the door. Patients are harassed and pursued to the door of the clinic…On countless occasions I have seen patients enter our lobby with terrified, confused looks and often burst into tears as a result of this harassment. A protester once pushed one of our clinic escorts against a car waiting at the garage.
Liz McMahon, a patient escort at the Boston Planned Parenthood clinic, speaking to the Massachusetts Legislature in 2007:
I've had personal experience with several people leaving on a Saturday and by telling them there aren't as many protestors during the week and they opted to make appointments during the week.
They're saying, “Don't get an abortion because you're going to die, and I'll show you where the ambulance is going to pull up and take you away.” Or they say things like, “Don't bother going in the garage, the garage is closed,” when the garage is, in fact, open.
Liam Lowney, the brother of Shannon Elizabeth Lowney, writing to the Legislature in 2007:
Today, we're happy to introduce our newest series of Neverwinter in-game events - the Neverwinter Combat League (NCL). This new series will bring seasons to Neverwinter's PvP mode. In each season, players will be tasked to participate in our PvP modes pitting Neverwinter champions against one another in an effort to increase their standing in the league rankings, which are split by Paragon Path.
The NCL rankings will be available both in and out of game, so you can how you rank based on overall and Paragon Path specific performance. Based on your rankings for the season, you will receive Combat Tokens that can be turned into our newest NPC - Dougan Hammerfist - who resides in Trade of Blades. Along with the rankings bonuses, Combat Tokens will also drop during PvP matches meaning that those who continue to play PvP can collect more Tokens as they rank up. As the seasons progress, we will refresh the rewards available and reset the rankings to give players opportunities to reach the top of the leaderboards.
Today marks the start of the first pre-season, which include unique rewards. Our team has also pulled together a list of frequently asked questions that can be found here. If you are ever wanting to learn more about the Neverwinter Combat League, you can also visit our blog tag for all posts associated to NCL. Once the league is underway, we will also be updating leaderboards on our website (a leaderboard that is updated in real-time is also available in-game). The preseason runs from June 11 through July 9 at 10AM PDT.
Check out our FAQ for more information.
As always, feel free to discuss this event in the forums and send any feedback via Twitter and Facebook.
Discuss on the forums
The New York Times has corrected its massively botched story on the San Bernardino terrorists. Kinda sorta. The story by past reporting-botchers Matt Apuzzo and Michael Schmidt, which centered on the politically loaded claim that Tashfeen Malik had openly supported jihad in their social media posts and that the U.S. government had missed this in screening them for a visa, now has this three-paragraph editor's note:
The original version of this article, based on accounts from law enforcement officials, reported that Tashfeen Malik had “talked openly on social media” about their support for violent jihad. On Wednesday, however, the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, said that online communications about jihad by Ms. Malik and their husband, Syed Rizwan Farook, involved “direct, private messages.” Their remarks indicated that the comments about jihad were not made in widely accessible social media posts. Law enforcement officials subsequently told The Times that Ms. Malik communicated with their husband in emails and private messages, and on a dating site. Ms. Malik's comments to Mr. Farook about violent jihad were made on a messaging platform, officials said. Neither Mr. Comey nor other officials identified the specific platforms that were used. (This article and headline have been revised to reflect the new information.)
The Washington Post's Erik Wemple highlights the change in the story's lede, which went from:
None [of the background checks] uncovered what Ms. Malik had made little effort to hide — that they talked openly on social media about their views on violent jihad. They said they supported it. And they said they wanted to be a part of it.
To:
None uncovered what Ms. Malik had said online about their views on violent jihad. They said they supported it. And they said they wanted to be a part of it.
That's a big change even though the second version still doesn't make clear that Malik said what they said online privately and under pseudonym, which is to say that they absolutely did make an effort to hide it. Wemple accurately describes this and other changes—including to the story's headline—as “an attempt to retrofit a factually poisoned article with replacement parts that don't fit.”
That's just what the Times did with Apuzzo and Schmidt's similarly botched Hillary Clinton email story last summer, as Hunter pointed out earlier. And, as they also pointed out, both stories were botched in ways that fit perfectly into Republican narratives and both stories became a big part of Republican narratives, with this week's story featuring prominently in the Republican presidential debate. The next big expose the Times needs to do is on just what the hell is going on with its own reporting.
The number ONE party place to chill, where 16 years old go to Paulies and the Post, while any legal drinker heads to WT's for their awesomely amazing wings and 85 cent beers at happy hour. Quite the college town where cabs are 3 bucks a head, girls wear tank tops and flipflops in the middle of the dead winter, you can buy pizza at 4AM, chalk your id and expect the bouncer to not only let you in but complement the fine art. Every other person who goes to Albany is either from NYC and LI and don't understand the difference between Upstate and Western NY, wear abercrombie and hollister with their tims. You wonder why people play in the water on fountain day when you obviously see snow on the ground, can't remember why you came here, except for the fact that you couldn't make Cornell or NYU and wanted to save money. Actually, you had no choice, but you read enough about the school in Princeton Review. The public bus makes its own schedule when you need it on weekends, and your car stays in its parking spot until the snow starts to melt in april. You envy those who live in the mustard complex with their heat and free laundry , but your lottery number is well over a 1000 so you head downtown, where you can never sleep, occasionally have your car towed or hit by another driver, and take advantage of the location by becoming a local at cagneys, chubby's sadies , or stonecrow. You don't understand "downtown" past Quail street until you become 21 and venture off to Lark and S. Pearl. Ahh, this is ALBANY for you.
"There are more black men in jail than in college."
Ivory A. Toldson — Howard University professor, senior research analyst for the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation, and deputy director of the White House Initiative on HBCUs — called this, in a 2013 column for the Root, "the most frequently quoted statistic about black men in the United States."
It's also dead wrong.
Where it came from
In 2002, the Justice Policy Institute, a national nonprofit dedicated to reducing incarceration, released a report titled "Cellblocks or Classrooms: The Funding of Higher Education and Corrections and its Impact on African American Men."
One of its key sobering findings was this: "Nearly a third more African-American men are incarcerated than in higher education."
The statistic almost instantly became a talking point. It was often deployed by those who wanted to explain just how dire racial disparities in the United States were, and how desperately the situation facing black men needed attention and intervention.
Even Barack Obama has mentioned it. At a 2007 NAACP forum that they attended as a presidential candidate, they told the crowd, "We have more work to do when more young black men languish in prison than attend colleges and universities across America."
The stat was also repeated by those who wanted to anchor their arguments that that African American communities — and black men in particular — suffered from a dangerous cultural pathology.
In 2012, former NBA player Charles Barkley, explaining why they felt they had to carry a gun, said, "You know, we as black people always, we don't have respect for one another. You know, we've got more black men in prison than we do in college, and crime in our neighborhoods is running rampant."
The truth
The Census estimates that approximately 18,508,926 people in the U.S. population are black males, of all ages. In 2013, 1,437,363 were in college, according to the National Center for Educational Statistics.
The Bureau of Justice Statistics' National Prisoner Statistics Program reports that in that same year, 526,000 were in state or federal prisons, and, as of mid-year 2013, 219,660 were in local jails, making for a total of about 745,000 behind bars. The millions of black men not included in those numbers, of course, have already finished college, already served a prison sentence, have a life trajectory that does not involve college or prison, or are too young for either to apply.
Where did we get so confused?
According to Toldson, the 2002 "Cell Blocks Versus Classroom" report that provided the basis of "more black men in prison than in college" was based on data that was was likely incomplete at the time, and has definitely become outdated since.
"I pulled the data from 2001 that the Justice Policy Institute used [for the "Cellblocks of Classrooms" report] and I noticed that at least 1,000 colleges weren't reporting their head count of black males then," they told NPR in 2013. "And I also noticed that a lot of colleges that didn't report any numbers, when the Justice Policy Institute wrote their report, were historically black universities. They were big, state universities that I'm pretty sure had some black males present at the time."
That's right. The number of black men in college used in the report wasn't actually the number of black men in college. It was the number of black men at schools that chose to report this data — a much smaller figure.
Plus, things have changed. Thanks to a variety of factors including the popularity of for-profit colleges, the raw numbers show that enrollment of black males in college increased from 693,044 in 2001 to 1,437,363 in 2013.
Numbers aside, the college vs. prison comparison is problematic on its face. Men (of all races) can be incarcerated at any point in their lives for any length of time, while enrollment in college typically happens during a narrow age range and a short timespan. So contrasting the two experiences is an apples-to-oranges exercise that doesn't tell us much about what's happening with any population.
Why it matters that we get this right
While the scary statistic was probably handy for creating some drama around the plight of black men (and it's true — there are far too many in prison), it's not accurate, and probably never was.
Repeating this false statement does far more harm than good. As Toldson said, "[W]e will not sufficiently support black male college students — nor college-bound students — if we simply keep perpetuating the myth that juxtaposes their needs with those of black males in the criminal-justice system."
FC Dallas will have their hands full on Tuesday night traveling to Florida to face off against NASL-side Fort Lauderdal Strikers, but should they advance, a possible second Texas Derby in Frisco awaits Schellas Hyndman's men.
US Soccer conducted the fourth-round draw for the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup on Wednesday morning and FC Dallas was presented with a home match against either the Houston Dynamo(MLS) or FC Tucson(PDL) at FC Dallas Stadium on Wednesday, June 12.
FCD will contest their third-round Lamar Hunt US Open cup match at Fort Lauderdale's Lockhart Stadium on Tuesday, May 28th at 6:30PM.
Full potential fourth round matchups:
FOURTH ROUND SCHEDULE:
FC Tucson (PDL)/Houston Dynamo (MLS) winner at FC Dallas (MLS)
FC Dallas Stadium; Frisco, Texas
Wednesday, June 12, at 8 p.m. CT
OR
Fort Lauderdale Strikers (NASL) at Houston Dynamo (MLS)
BBVA Compass Stadium; Houston, Texas
Wednesday, June 12, at 7:30 p.m. CT
OR
Fort Lauderdale Strikers (NASL) vs. FC Tucson (PDL)
TBD
Reading United AC (PDL)/New York Red Bulls (MLS) winner at New England Revolution (MLS)
Harvard University; Cambridge, Mass.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7:30 p.m. ET
OR
Reading United AC (PDL)/New York Red Bulls (MLS) winner at Rochester Rhinos (USL PRO)
Sahlen's Stadium; Rochester, N.Y.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7:35 p.m. ET
Ocean City Nor'easters (PDL)/Philadelphia Union (MLS) winner at D.C. United (MLS)
Maryland SoccerPlex; Boyds, Md.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7 p.m. ET
OR
Ocean City Nor'easters (PDL)/Philadelphia Union (MLS) winner at Richmond Kickers (USL PRO)
Richmond City Stadium; Richmond, Va.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7 p.m. ET
Dayton Dutch Lions (USL PRO)/Columbus Crew (MLS) winner at Chicago Fire (MLS)
Toyota Park; Bridgeview, Ill.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7:30 p.m. CT
OR
Charlotte Eagles (USL PRO) at Columbus Crew (MLS)
Columbus Crew Stadium; Columbus, Ohio
Wednesday, June 12, at 7:30 p.m. ET
OR
Charlotte Eagles (USL PRO) at Dayton Dutch Lions (USL PRO)
Beavercreek High School; Beavercreek, Ohio
Wednesday, June 12, at 7 p.m. ET
Colorado Rapids (MLS)/Orlando City SC (USL PRO) winner at Sporting Kansas City (MLS)
Sporting Park; Kansas City, Kan.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7:30 p.m. CT
OR
Des Moines Menace (PDL) at Colorado Rapids (MLS)
Dick's Sporting Goods Park; Commerce City, Colo.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7 p.m. MT
OR
Des Moines Menace (PDL) at Orlando City SC (USL PRO)
Florida Citrus Bowl; Orlando, Fla.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7:30 p.m. ET
Chivas USA (MLS)/Los Angeles Blues (USL PRO) winner at LA Galaxy (MLS)
StubHub Center; Carson, Calif.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7:30 p.m. PT
OR
Chivas USA (MLS)/Los Angeles Blues (USL PRO) winner at Carolina RailHawks (NASL)
WakeMed Soccer Park; Cary, N.C.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7:15 p.m. ET
San Jose Earthquakes (MLS)/Charleston Battery (USL PRO) winner at Atlanta Silverbacks (NASL)
Atlanta Silverbacks Park; Chamblee, Ga.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7:30 p.m. ET
OR
San Jose Earthquakes (MLS)/Charleston Battery (USL PRO) winner at Real Salt Lake (MLS)
Rio Tinto Stadium; Sandy, Utah
Wednesday, June 12, at 7:30 p.m. MT
Wilmington Hammerheads (USL PRO)/Portland Timbers (MLS) winner at Seattle Sounders (MLS)
Starfire Sports Complex; Tukwila, Wash.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7 p.m. PT
OR
Tampa Bay Rowdies (NASL) at Portland Timbers (MLS)
JELD-WEN Field; Portland, Ore.
Wednesday, June 12, at 7:30 p.m. PT
OR
Tampa Bay Rowdies (NASL) vs. Wilmington Hammerheads (USL PRO)
TBD
QUARTERFINALS: June 26
SEMIFINALS: Aug. 7 or 21
FINAL: Oct. 1 or 2
Abstract
Basking in reflected glory, in which individuals increase their self-esteem by identifying with successful others, is usually regarded as a cognitive process that can affect behavior. It may also involve physiological processes, including changes in the production of endocrine hormones. The present research involved two studies of changes in testosterone levels among fans watching their favorite sports teams win or lose. In the first study, participants were eight male fans attending a basketball game between traditional college rivals. In the second study, participants were 21 male fans watching a televised World Cup soccer match between traditional international rivals. Participants provided saliva samples for testosterone assay before and after the contest. In both studies, mean testosterone level increased in the fans of winning teams and decreased in the fans of losing teams. These findings suggest that watching one's heroes win or lose has physiological consequences that extend beyond changes in mood and self-esteem.
The 2016 Japanese animated film was the most successful anime movie in history.
J.J. Abrams' Bad Robot and Japan-based Toho Co. will adapt Makoto Shinkai's 2016 Japanese anime hit “Your Name” into a live-action feature for Paramount Pictures., adapted by Oscar-nominated screenwriter Eric Heisserer (“Arrival”).
“Your Name,” which drew Oscar buzz last year when the Los Angeles Film Critics Association named it the year's best animated film, tells the story of a teenage boy and girl from different backgrounds who discover they can swap bodies. They become desperate to cross space and time to find a way to meet and stop an impending disaster.
“There's still more to gawk at in any single frame of this film than there is in the entirety of ‘Frozen,' wrote IndieWire's David Ehrlich in their ‘B' review last December. “And ‘Your Name' only gets more beautiful as it grows more grandiose, as every lonely train ride and periwinkle sunset glistens with the bittersweet glow of regret.”
“Your Name” is the highest-grossing anime film in history, earning $355 million worldwide, $303 million of which came from Japan, where it was #1 for 12 straight weeks.
Abrams and Lindsey Weber will produce for Bad Robot, along with Genki Kawamura, producer of the original film. will write the screenplay. The original film was produced by Kawamura with Minami Ichikawa, Keiji Ota, and Yoshihiro Furusawa.
Said Kawamura: “Just like in the film, it feels like a dream.”
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Ghostbusters
8 10
PLOT: Three scientists (Melissa McCarthy, Kristen Wiig & Kate McKinnon) go into the ghost hunting business. They're soon joined by a street-wise transit worker (Leslie Jones) and together, they discover an apocalyptic plan that could turn their beloved New York City into a playground for ghosts.
PLOT: Outside of maybe BATMAN V SUPERMAN: DAWN OF JUSTICE, there haven't been many 2016 movies as instantly controversial with a certain slice of hardcore fandom than this GHOSTBUSTERS reboot from BRIDESMAIDS's Paul Feig. Melissa McCarthy, Kristen Wiig, Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon star as our new proton-pack wearing heros, and fitting Feig's impressive body of work, this is no carbon copy remake. In an attempt to forge their own path, only the basics of the 1984 original have been re-purposed, including the logo, some of the equipment and car, Slimer and (briefly) the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man, and, of course, the iconic Ray Parker Jr theme song.
In a nod to the original's enduring legacy, all four leading ladies play wholly original characters that aren't patterned too closely on the ones played by Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Ernie Hudson, and the late, great Harold Ramis, except in only the most basic ways. Specifically, there's no cool-guy smart-ass a la Peter Venkman, probably a smart move considering the original is as vital and popular as ever.
The fact is - the original GHOSTBUSTERS is a classic and no movie, no matter how good, will ever change that. It's not going anywhere and given how many horrible reboots we've gotten lately (TOTAL RECALL, ROBOCOP, etc), there's really no reason for a certain, very vocal minority of fans to be so outspoken about their hatred of this new film - which they either haven't seen or point-blank refuse to even give a chance. Is it misogyny? The angry commentators would say no, but who's to say. That's certainly the case for at least some of them.
That's too bad for them though, because as far as reboots/remakes go, Paul Feig's film is one of the better ones. It helps that them and their collaborators obviously have a huge amount of respect and affection for the original, with director Ivan Reitman being on-board as a producer, and all the surviving Ghostbusters contributing cameos, with Murray's even seemingly being a riff on William Atherton's baddie in the original, a nice idea. Annie Potts and one more, iconic, performer from the original also get in on the fun, with the way paved for at least a few of them to return in any sequels.
All four of the new Ghostbusters are terrific. Melissa McCarthy and Kristen Wiig are more-or-less the straight-women here - something which may initially surprise viewers. Playing estranged childhood friends, their affectionate relationship keeps the movie grounded whenever it comes close to veering too far into zaniness. The live wires here are Leslie Jones, who comes off far better in the finished film than they do in the promos, and Kate McKinnon, in what feels like a star-making performance as the team's most tech-savvy member.
Technically, this is also one of the better films of the summer season. Big and bright, the 3D works surprisingly well, the CG effects are creative, and running just a hair under two hours, Feig keeps the film moving at a quick pace. Toned-down from their usual R-Rating, this family friendly GHOSTBUSTERS are initially a little light on the laughs, but the cast quickly finds its groove. One of the highlights winds up being Chris Hemsworth as the team's thickheaded but handsome secretary, who's openly ogled by Wiig's character, a sly commentary on the usual, window-dressing style parts actores often find themselves shoehorned into. Andy Garcia and Cecily Strong also hit some funny notes as the political baddies - with Garcia's outrage at being compared to the mayor from JAWS one of the biggest (of many) laughs I had watching this.
If the movie has any major failings at all, it's that the Missy Elliot/ Fall Out Boy cover of Ray Parker Jr's classic title track is admittedly weak, although the movie has a whole bunch of covers that are much better while the original version also kicks in here and there. The main villain, a nerdy janitor played by Neil Casey, also lacks the kind of outlandish presence the movie needed, but really those are minor things. Against all odds, GHOSTBUSTERS actually winds up being one of the better all-around big summer blockbusters, and a refreshing, fun movie that even the most hardcore haters may warm to if they give it half a chance.
Obama plans intelligence surveillance reforms, aides say
President Obama is expected to put a public advocate on the secret surveillance court and remove telephone records data from direct government control.
The FBI has issued more than 123,000 such letters for people in or from the U.S. since 2004, federal records show, including more than 15,000 in 2012, the last year for which data are available.
Law enforcement officials issue the letters, a little-known form of administrative subpoena that doesn't require a warrant, to secretly compel disclosure of otherwise private customer records by Internet providers, financial institutions, telephone and credit companies, and other services and organizations.
With plans to unveil the changes days before the State of the Union address on Jan. 28, key presidential advisors are looking skeptically at a separate proposal to require a federal judge to approve each use of a "national security letter" except in emergencies, however.
WASHINGTON — President Obama is preparing a package of intelligence reforms that will probably put a public advocate for the first time in the secret court that approves surveillance practices and remove a controversial telephone records database from direct government control, aides said.
Obama has not made their own position clear, but the proposal to require judicial review each time the government seeks third-party records has sparked the most push-back from national security officials, including the FBI and some top White House advisors.
"There is concern that this proposal makes it more cumbersome to investigate a terrorist than it does a criminal," said a senior administration official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Last March, a federal judge ruled the program unconstitutional and ordered the FBI to stop issuing the letters because they contain a gag order that bars recipients from revealing the document's existence or its demands. Senior U.S. District Judge Susan Illston of the Northern District of California stayed their order pending government appeal.
Adding judicial review to the national security letters was among the 46 recommendations of a presidential task force that examined U.S. surveillance programs after former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden's torrent of leaks on domestic and foreign surveillance operations.
Obama, who vowed to study the panel's report during their two-week holiday in Hawaii, plans to meet with their national security team and outside experts to finalize their reforms after they return to Washington on Sunday. Aides said they want to boost public confidence that they are protecting Americans' privacy while safeguarding national security.
Obama already has put several of the panel's proposals in the "likely" category, aides said. They include creating a position for an independent lawyer to argue for privacy rights and civil liberties before the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
The court, which was created in 1978 and meets in secret, only hears from government lawyers seeking permission for additional surveillance — not from opponents. Records show the court grants nearly all of the government's requests.
The White House favors changing the procedure to ensure "that the government's position is challenged by an adversary," according to an administration official.
The chief justice of the Supreme Court appoints the 11 federal judges on the secret court. It's unclear whether Obama has embraced the panel's recommendation to let other Supreme Court judges also play a role, or other proposed changes to the court.
Obama apparently supports shifting the NSA's bulk collection and storage of domestic telephone calling records to private hands, a change they first signaled at a news conference the day they left for Hawaii. For Americans, the secret archiving of numbers and other data from virtually every U.S. phone call is arguably the most controversial of the surveillance operations revealed by Snowden.
Support for the "secret police bill" Bill C-51 has plummeted sharply among Canadians, according to a new public opinion poll released this week.
Among citizens aware of the controversial anti-terrorism bill, 50 per cent now disapprove of it, while just 38 per cent approve. It's a big drop from 82 per cent of respondents who supported the anti-terrorism bill in a February poll.
The controversial Bill C-51 was introduced by Steven Harper's Conservatives in January, in the wake of the Ottawa shootings of October, 2014.
Sixty-one per cent of respondents is opposed to provisions in Bill C-51 that would allow security services to infiltrate and track environmentalist groups, First Nations and pipeline protesters. Over half said they were opposed to the lack of parliamentary oversight included in the bill.
The new poll comes on the heels of a nationwide protest against Bill C-51 on Saturday, in which 70 demonstrations were organized in cities including in Montreal, Toronto, Edmonton and Vancouver.
Jamie Biggar, campaign director of Leadnow.ca, one of the organizing groups for the Vancouver protest, said it's a sign many people have realized the potential cost the bill would have on civil liberties.
"The collapse in support for the Conservative's anti-terror legislation shows that more and more Canadians are recognizing it for what it is: a reckless bill that gives spy agencies dangerous new powers without proper oversight or accountability," they said.
"They've heard that from security experts, former prime ministers, constitutional experts and, most importantly, they've heard that from their friends and neighbours. We've never seen a campaign light up social media like this one, and that peer-to-peer sharing is reaching millions."
In B.C., the disapproval rating for Bill C-51 was 61 per cent.
The poll results also revealed that while Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau supports C-51 with "added parliamentary oversight," a majority of Liberal voters nationally (66 per cent) disapprove of the bill.
“This poll should also prompt Justin Trudeau to reconsider their stance," said OpenMedia spokesperson David Christopher. OpenMedia is one of the organizations invited to speak before a committee hearing in Ottawa about C-51.
"With over two-thirds of their party's supporters opposing this legislation, isn't it time Justin Trudeau showed they can listen to Canadians, instead of backing government attempts to ram this extreme legislation through Parliament at breakneck pace?”
Their proposal was defeated on procedural grounds, but the senator stuck by their position that the $10 billion costs of the unemployment pay should not be added to the deficit.
“We are on an unsustainable path as far as the budget,” said Mr. Bunning, who said the fight had caused them to be on the floor more than any other time during their 24-year-career in Congress.
Mr. Bunning's about-face came after their fellow Republicans began to air their own concerns about how the Senate blockade had the potential to damage their political brand while also having a direct impact on their constituents.
“With Mr. Bunning's battle quickly becoming a national cause célèbre, Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader and Mr. Bunning's home-state colleague, made clear earlier that Republicans were trying to end the stalemate.
And Senator Susan Collins of Maine, a moderate Republican colleague of the conservative Mr. Bunning, joined Democrats in trying to force the measure through, calculating that perhaps a plea from a fellow Republican would get them to change their position.
“When I was home this weekend, I talked to constituents who expressed their utter bafflement that Congress could not proceed on something that has widespread support,” Ms. Collins said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“While trying to blame Democrats for mishandling the entire matter, other Republicans also distanced themselves from Mr. Bunning, whom Democrats were holding up as the embodiment of what they say has been a maddening pattern of Republican obstruction in the Senate.
“This is one senator,” said Senator John Cornyn of Texas, a chief political strategist for Senate Republicans. “This does not represent the position of the caucus.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Other party officials said that while the Bunning fight was not helpful, it probably would not do serious damage as long as it ended rapidly.
Republicans were not just unhappy that the back-and-forth was allowing Democrats and editorial writers around the country to portray them as heartless curmudgeons, denying jobless aid to struggling Americans while Mr. Bunning complained that late-night debate was preventing them from watching a college basketball game.
The attention to the impasse was also cutting into Republican efforts to focus on the evolving Democratic strategy on the health care overhaul, which Republicans are trying to portray as an end-run around Senate rules. Instead, Democrats were having a field day citing Mr. Bunning's repeated objections as evidence of how Republicans abuse the rules to delay needed legislation, helping them build a case in favor of using any available tools to overcome such opposition.
Complicating the situation was the fact that Mr. McConnell and Mr. Bunning have a tortured relationship because Mr. McConnell was instrumental last year in making it difficult for Mr. Bunning to seek a third term. The rift left Mr. McConnell with little leverage to apply to get their fellow Kentuckian to retreat.
Not all senators were engaged in Bunning-bashing. “He's my hero this week,” said Senator Jim DeMint, the conservative Republican from South Carolina, who said Mr. Bunning was exposing Democratic hypocrisy of embracing budget controls but adding spending like the unemployment aid to the deficit. “We have to quit complaining about unsustainable debt and passing new spending programs every week.”
The fight spread to the House as well, with Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio, the Republican leader, saying Mr. Bunning has “got a legitimate argument that he's making.” At the same time, dozens of House Democrats sharply criticized Mr. Bunning, with Representative John Yarmuth of Kentucky saying they were “embarrassed that a senator from Kentucky is holding our government hostage.”
Even as negotiations toward a resolution continued, a parade of Senate Democrats kept up vigorous expressions of displeasure with Mr. Bunning.
“I come to the floor of the Senate to say to my colleague from Kentucky,” Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, Democrat of Maryland intoned Tuesday with a bit of biblical fervor, “let the unemployment bill go.”
The much-anticipated Barktoberfest celebration is slated for Saturday, Oct. 3, at Nelson Park.
The much-anticipated Barktoberfest celebration is slated for Saturday, Oct. 3, at Nelson Park. This annual Plymouth Area Chamber of Commerce event has had to be canceled in years past due to lack of funding. But the Chamber has decided to continue Barktoberfest due to popular demand even though the nonprofit barely breaks even. Yes, this is still free fun for dog lovers and their furry friends, and is filled with games, contests, live music and all sorts of canine chaos. So don't miss it. Here's everything you need to know to attend and enjoy this event.
WHAT
Every October, the Plymouth Area Chamber of Commerce celebrates dogs with its Barktoberfest event, featuring a $10 rabies clinic, an adoption parade with the Friends of Plymouth Pound, costume and other dog contests, local vendors selling dog-related items, crafts and services. The live entertainment lineup includes Jay Psaros at 11 a.m., followed by Brian Sances at noon, Jake Hill at 1 p.m., Carlin Tripp at 2 p.m. and Hayley Sabella at 3 p.m.
WHEN
Barktoberfest is scheduled for 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 3.
WHERE
Barktoberfest will be held at Nelson Park, located at the junction of Water and Nelson streets on Plymouth Harbor.
MUST KNOW
For the safety of animals and owners, dogs must be on a leash at all times.
COST
Admission is free.
FOR MORE INFO
Additional information is available online at plymouthbarktoberfest.com.
Follow Emily Clark on Twitter @emilyOCM.
When Disney acquired the rights to Star Wars from George Lucas for around $4 Billion, it was expected that they'd be taking full advantage of their new toy. As we've seen with not only the J.J. Abrams film and the spin-off movies, in addition to the television show Star wars: Rebels, Disney has been busy putting Star Wars everywhere it can.
Jedi News as well as Bleeding Cool came across an interesting bit of information as through them we've learned that a Darth Vader TV show will be debuting in the spring and summer season of 2014. A brochure was handed out at the European Brand Licensing Show which outlined official releases for the upcoming slate of Star wars themed productions from Disney and LucasFilm.
The biggest announcement was of Darth Vader TV specials that will air in 2014, which leads to the question what could this possibly be?
As Bleeding Cool pointed out, it might be some sort of Lego special, but that wouldn't jive without noted the brochure is when mentioning the Lego Star Wars Yoda Chronicles.
It's very likely that Darth Vader specials could be coming to start connecting modern audiences to the character and their place in the post-Return of the Jedi world that Episode VII will take place in.
We should know more about this soon, but this is further proof that Disney wasn't kidding when they said brace yourself for a lot of Star wars action.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Isis can "flood into Iraq as it pleases" says John Simpson
The Iraqi government appears to have lost control of its western borders after Sunni militants reportedly captured crossings to Syria and Jordan.
Officials said the rebels took two key crossings in Anbar on Sunday, a day after seizing one at Qaim, a town in the province that borders Syria.
The strategically important airport in the northern town of Tal Afar has also reportedly fallen to the rebels.
Isis-led militants have cut a swathe through parts of Iraq.
US President Barack Obama warned of the risk of the insurgents destablising other countries in the region.
"We're going to have to be vigilant generally," they told the US TV network CBS, in case the militants "spill over into some of our allies like Jordan".
"Their extreme ideology poses a medium and long-term threat, " they added.
Since the fall of Mosul in early June, Isis - the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant - have helped win large areas in the west and north.
They have taken four strategically important towns in the predominantly Sunni Anbar province - Qaim, Rutba, Rawa and Anah - in the last two days.
Gunmen reportedly captured the border posts of al-Waleed, on the Syrian frontier, and Turaibil, on the Jordanian border, on Sunday after government forces pulled out.
The capture of frontier crossings could help Isis transport weapons and other equipment to different battlefields, analysts say.
Image copyright AP Image caption Sunni fighters, among them the jihadists of Isis, have taken large swathes of western and northern Iraq
The BBC's Jim Muir in Irbil
After a bit of a pause and some patchy fighting in a belt around 70km (45 miles) north and north-east of Baghdad, the Sunni rebels seem to be on the move again.
The focus has shifted partly to Anbar, the vast, mainly Sunni-populated province to the west of Baghdad, an area where the tribes are particularly strong.
The reported fall of two more border posts, one on the main road to Jordan, and the other to Syria, means that the government has lost control of all its western borders.
One tribal leader said that 90% of the province is now in rebel hands.
Even before the current crisis began, the city of Falluja, barely 30km from Baghdad's western edge, had been held by rebels since January, along with half of the provincial capital Ramadi.
In many places, troops and police seem to have left their posts after being given safe passage by the militants, to avoid bloodshed.
If reports of the capture of the important airport at the strategic northern town of Tal Afar are confirmed, it would be bad news for the Baghdad government, which had been hoping to use the airport as a launching-pad for an attempt to recapture the nearby city of Mosul.
The funeral of a senior army officer who was killed in the fighting for Qaim on Friday was targeted by a suicide and car bomb attack in Ramadi. At least six people were killed as they gathered to mourn Brig Gen Majid al-Fahdawi.
US 'stooges'
Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Sunday they opposed any US intervention, and accused Washington of "seeking an Iraq under its hegemony and ruled by its stooges".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption John Kerry: "Isis is a threat not only to Iraq but to the entire region"
"The main dispute in Iraq is between those who want Iraq to join the US camp and those who seek an independent Iraq," they said, dismissing talk of sectarianism.
The US, which pulled out of Iraq in 2011, is deploying some 300 military advisers to Iraq to help in the fight against the insurgents.
Analysis from BBC Persian's Bozorgmehr Sharafedin
The Obama administration is signalling that it wants a new government in Iraq without Prime Minister Nouri Maliki before launching any attack on Isis, but Iran's Supreme Leader has rejected both ideas.
Ayatollah Khamenei strongly opposed "the intervention of the US and others in the domestic affairs of Iraq", and said the US is not pleased with the results of the new election and "is seeking an Iraq under its hegemony and ruled by its stooges".
Khamenei's anti-US remarks weaken the possibility of co-operation. Iran feels it has the upper hand in Iraq and would try to resolve the crisis by the help of "Iraqi people, government and Shia clerics".
US Secretary of State John Kerry, speaking in Cairo on Sunday, urged Iraq's leaders "to rise above sectarian motivations and form a government that is united in its determination to meet the needs and speak to the demands of all of their people".
They said it was a "critical moment" and warned that Isis' "ideology of violence and repression is a threat not only to Iraq but to the entire region".
Sunni tribal leaders in Anbar say Isis militants make up only a small number of the fighters involved in taking over the province - most are tribes people and former security personnel from the Saddam Hussein era.
Shaikh Raad al-Suleiman, a senior figure in Ramadi, said the reason they had captured so much territory was because soldiers in the Iraqi army were not prepared to fight.
"Most of the officers and men came to their senses, left their arms, guns and vehicles and fled out of Anbar," they said.
Atlanta-area immigration attorneys and advocates say federal immigration officials have recently increased the number of immigration arrests.
Sarah Owings, chair of the American Immigration Lawyers Association Georgia Alabama Chapter, said arrests occurred along Buford Highway Thursday and Friday. They said arrests have been reported in other parts of the state as well, including Savannah and Cordele.
“It's really all over the state,” Owings said. “It's amazing how quickly it's happening.”
Bryan Cox, a spokesperson for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), did not confirm any specific operations but said operations are routine.
“Every day, as part of routine targeted enforcement operations, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Fugitive Operations teams arrest criminal aliens and other individuals who are in violation of our nation's immigration laws,” Cox said in a statement.
“ICE conducts targeted immigration enforcement in compliance with federal law and agency policy. ICE does not conduct sweeps or raids that target aliens indiscriminately,” they said.
Brookhaven Police confirmed ICE arrests have occurred recently.
“Over the last week or so, there have been enforcement activities from Immigration and Customs enforcement in and around our city,” said Brookhaven Police Major Brandon Gurley. They said the department was not asked by ICE to assist with any of the operations, which they said sometimes happens with certain “high-risk” operations.
Cox said about 200 people were arrested this week across Georgia, North Carolina and South Carolina, adding that the number of arrests were roughly split between the states. They said most of the 200 people were convicted criminals.
The reports of arrests come after President Donald Trump signed an executive order on Jan. 25, outlining priorities for immigration enforcement.
The executive order signed by Trump broadens the priorities for ICE in who should be deported, Owings said. The priorities include people who “have been convicted of any criminal offense,” but also people who have been charged with “any criminal offense, where such charge has not been resolved.”
“It really vastly expands ICE's powers to prioritize who they want to pick up by eliminating the priorities that we had under Obama,” Owings said.
Under President Barack Obama, the Department of Homeland Security's priorities for immigration arrests included people who were convicted of felonies, serious misdemeanors and people who entered the country illegally after 2014.
Adelina Nicholls, executive director of the Georgia Latino Alliance for Human Rights, said their office has been getting an increased number of calls over the past several days. They said they did not know how many people have been arrested but said there have been reports from Savannah, Moultrie, Cordele, Grovetown and Brookhaven.
“This is a great concern for us because the executive action is so vague,” they said.
Like us on Facebook
Published online 26 April 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.202
News
Mammals could have opiate factories.
Mice can synthesize morphine from various intermediate chemicals. N. Grobe & N. Weir
Mammals may possess the biochemical machinery to produce morphine — a painkiller found in the opium poppy, according to a new study.
Meinhart Zenk of the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center in St Louis, Missouri, and colleagues detected traces of morphine in the urine of mice after injecting chemical precursors of the drug. They report their findings today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences1.
Like other opioids, morphine is a potent, potentially addictive pain reliever. Scientists have speculated for decades that animals naturally synthesize morphine because specialized receptors in the brain respond to the drug. Trace amounts of morphine had been found in human urine and cells2. But studies using living animals yielded inconclusive results because of possible contamination from external sources of morphine in their food or in the environment.
"This paper seems to be one of the most definitive I've seen," says Chris Evans, a neurobiologist and expert on opioid drugs at the University of California, Los Angeles. "They've convincingly shown that there's a pathway there which could possibly produce morphine."
Mouse morphine
Alkaloids are ring-shaped chemical compounds that contain nitrogen. The presence of an alkaloid called tetrahydropapaveroline (THP) in brain tissue and urine has led to speculation that it may be a precursor to morphine made naturally inside the body.
The mouse pathway for making morphine is likely to have evolved independently from that of the opium poppy. A. Kohlberg, Leibniz Institute of Plant Biochemistry
The research team injected mice daily with THP and other potential morphine precursors for four days and evaluated the metabolites of these compounds in the urine. By labelling the precursors with deuterium (heavy hydrogen) to replace hydrogen atoms, they were able to distinguish the injected compounds from other sources of morphine, and thus eliminate the possibility of contamination. After isolating alkaloids from the urine samples the team analyzed their chemical make-up using highly sensitive mass spectrometry.
Zenk and their colleagues identified several intermediate biochemical steps between THP and morphine. After injecting THP, they found a four-ringed metabolite of THP called salutaridine in the urine. Salutaridine is an intermediate on the morphine-synthesis pathway in the opium poppy. Injecting salutaridine yielded a five-ringed opiate called thebaine, and injecting thebaine generated three similarly structured opiates: codeine, oripavine and morphine.
Trace evidence
Although the latter stages of morphine production are conserved between plants and mammals, the early stages differ: the first alkaloid intermediate in mammals, preceding salutaridine, has an extra hydroxyl (OH) group compared to that in plants. "It may seem trivial to you, but in biochemistry, hydroxylation more or less determines whether a baby is male or female," Zenk says. These differences suggest that the morphine pathways in mammals and plants evolved independently, they say.
ADVERTISEMENT
The researchers did not find any traces of morphine in blood or tissue. As a result, this study does not prove that mammals make morphine naturally, or that the compound would serve any specific purpose, such as pain relief or addiction, Evans says. "The question is whether there are significant quantities to have any effect on the endogenous receptors, which I think is unlikely."
Aside from detecting morphine in relevant organs, such as the brain and spinal cord, future studies should identify enzymes that are involved in transforming THP to morphine. Then scientists could interfere with the genes coding for the enzymes to determine their functional roles, Evans says. "To show that endogenous morphine naturally exists and has functional significance in mammals, I think there's still a lot to be done."
Zenk's team plans on using more sensitive techniques to look for traces of morphine in tissues. He'd also like to identify enzymes in the pathway and analyze how the formation of morphine fluctuates in humans depending on their pain levels. "Because it's a fact that morphine is found, we have to consider that there must be a function for it," Zenk says.
One man murdered, their body left on the side of the road in North Harris County, near the Lone Star College campus. Now investigators are trying to find the killer.Carla Melendez says they found their husband, Ramiro Acosta, 23, early Thursday morning by using an iPhone tracking app linked to their cell."It showed trees and it was weird because why would their phone be by trees? It was there for a while," Melendez told Eyewitness News.She drove to where the app said their husband was located and found their body along Turkey Drive off Aldine Westfield Road."We don't have a lot of information. We're trying to get as much as we can to do the follow-up work on it," said Sgt. Felipe Rivera with the Harris County Sheriff's Department."If somebody saw something please say something. They didn't deserve to be thrown like this, like a dog in the street," Melendez said.Investigators say Acosta was shot once in the torso. They aren't sure how long they had been dead on the side of the road, No arrests have been made. If you have any information, call the Harris County Sheriff's Department.
Christmas is less than a week away and that means the time is right for a list of seven concealed carry handguns for last minute shoppers.
Some of the handguns on the list are revolvers, others semiautomatics, but all are concealable and demonstrably popular for self-defense.
Ruger LCP II—The Ruger LCP II is an updated version of the extremely popular LCP. The pistol is chambered in .380 with a grip that is slightly wider than the original LCP. The wider grip was added to diminish recoil. The grip of the LCP II is textured to help keep the gun steady in the owner's hand, and it has a trigger that is equipped with a safety. The edges of the pistol, including the sights, are rounded and smooth to prevent the gun from snagging when drawn from a purse or pocket for self-defense, and at 10.6 ounces the LCP II is comfortable for everyday carry. The pistol costs about $290.
Smith & Wesson M&P Bodyguard 380—The M&P Bodyguard is a semiautomatic handgun chambered in .380. It weighs in at 12 ounces and has a meaty, textured grip to help prevent the gun from slipping in the hand. The M&P line has proven to be one of Smith & Wesson's most popular lines ever, and the Bodyguard 380 one of best concealed carry guns in that line. It is a true pocket gun imbued with Smith & Wesson quality. The Bodyguard 380 begin at about $310.
GLOCK 42—The Glock 42 is an ultra-compact Glock handgun chambered in .380. The 42 looks like a Glock, feels like a Glock, and will last like a Glock. It weighs 13.7 ounces, which means it provides the same kind of comfort in carry as the Ruger LCP II or Bodyguard 380. The 42 is extremely accurate and easy to shoot. Myriad aftermarket accessories are available for the gun. The 42 costs about $395 to $410.
SCCY CPX-2—The CPX-2 is a 9mm handgun available in a multitude of color options. It is durable, accurate, and very concealable. At 15 ounces the CPX-2 is a bit meatier than the LCP II or Glock 42, but its slightly bigger size allows the gun to hold 11 rounds of ammunition (counting the round in the chamber). On the other hand, the LCP, Bodyguard 380, and Glock 42 each hold 7 rounds (counting one in the chamber). The CPX-2 has a long double-action trigger pull that helps guard against accidental discharges should the gun get snagged on something in a purse or glove box. The CPX-2 cost about $290 to $300.
GLOCK 43—The Glock 43 is single stack 9mm pistol. The single stack magazine allows the gun to have a slimmer profile than other Glocks without sacrificing the company's legendary quality and durability. In 2015 Breitbart News made sure our Glock 43 was unloaded then submerged it in water and froze it solid. We thawed it, then refroze it, then repeated the process until we had frozen it four times. After the fourth time we tied the frozen gun to the back of Jeep and drove down a caliche road for 1.5 miles. The frame and slide were scratched up and the sights were seared off but the gun fired when we chambered a round and pulled the trigger. It has been trusted for a concealed carry handgun since that time. A Glock 43 costs about $500 to $510.
Ruger LCR .357 Magnum—The Ruger LCR .357 Magnum is a five shot snub-nose revolver. The .357 chambering means the gun also shoots .38 Special and .38 Special +P ammunition. The LCR differs from other snub-nosed revolvers in that much of the gun is made of weight-reducing polymer, while the frame, cylinder, and barrel are made of steel. The LCR weighs 17 ounces, making it a comfortable gun for concealed carry. And recoil with .38 Special +P ammunition is very manageable, helping with second shot acquisition if a quick second shot is needed. A LCR in .357 Magnum costs about $525.
Kimber K6s—The K6s is a work of art. Perhaps we should say it is a work of art that is also a snub-nose revolver chambered in .357 Magnum. That chambering means the gun also shoots .38 Special and .38 Special +P. The K6s is stainless and weighs 23 ounces. That weight actually benefits the concealed carrier in that it makes the .357 Magnum manageable. Yet the most impressive aspect of the K6s is the gun's trigger. The person shooting the gun can actually feel it getting ready to fire. A Kimber K6s starts at about $800 to $830.
While there are stark differences between many of the guns listed above—differences in price, capacity, action, etc.—all of the guns have proven to be reliable concealed carry firearms. A concealed carry handgun is the gift that keeps on giving.
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News, the host of the Breitbart podcast Bullets, and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment, also for Breitbart News.  They are the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com. Sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange
While I was looking at the collection of stickers on the Things Open 2015 sticker table, I complimented event organizer Todd Lewis, who was standing nearby, on the conference stickers.
Photo by Rikki Endsley. CC BY-SA 4.0
Todd said they aren't sure that he'd ordered the right shape. The Things Open stickers are 5 inches wide by 2 inches tall. They said that somebody told them that they should have stacked the text and made the stickers smaller. "I don't know," they said, as we looked over the table of stickers. "There's no article for this."
Challenge accepted, Todd. This is that article.
Stickers are a big part of open source culture, but what are the rules for designing and collecting them? In this article, open source community members share what they like (or don't like) in a sticker, their "rules" for collecting and displaying them, and their sticker wish lists.
Skip ahead to the sticky parts:
Photo by Rikki Endsley. CC BY-SA 4.0
The first time I ordered open source-related stickers was after attending LinuxFest Northwest in 2009. A young girl attending the event with their father chatted with me at the Linux Pro Magazine booth and suggested that we hand out stickers. Although I'd been working in tech publishing for more than a decade by the time a 12-year-old called me out for not having stickers, I hadn't given stickers much thought, and I hadn't recognized the roles they play in open source culture.
As I recall, the Linux Pro Magazine stickers I ordered were 5 inches wide and 3 inches tall. Occasionally someone would request that I order smaller stickers, but I liked that I could see our stickers on a speaker's laptop from across a conference room. And I was happy with the service and quality I got from Sticker Giant. That was a lucky break—I knew bands that ordered stickers from there, otherwise I wouldn't have known where to start. I'm pretty sure that the Fedora sticker I picked up at a conference a few years ago and accidentally left in a pocket when I did laundry was from the same vendor, and that thing stuck to the inside of my dryer—without fading—for at least two years. (For all I know, it's still in a dryer back in Kansas.)
I won't cover which vendors to use when ordering stickers, but feel free to make your recommendations in the comments. Instead, let's look a little closer at what open source community members want in a sticker, why they like them, and how they are used, which is helpful information when you think about design and what shapes, sizes, and quantities to order.
Open source sticker culture
"I am in a company that is new to OS [open source] and I always get the question, 'Why do you have all these stickers?'" says Nithya Ruff, Head of the Open Source Strategy Office at SanDisk. Nithya says that, to some people, the stickers look unprofessional, and when they worked at a previous company, they were told that they took away from their professional gravitas. "I now explain that I am a member of the open source community," they say, "And as such, this is how we show affiliation and respect, and I am proud to do it."
Photo by Nithya Ruff. CC BY-SA 4.0
"I love a sticker that identifies itself as open source, or being for Linux, or similar," says Opensource.com community moderator Seth Kenlon. "I would rather people see and understand, at least on some level, that I walk around with 30 stickers on my computer because I'm supporting real people, not just because I am selling my soul to every company that hands me a sticker."
Photo by Seth Kenlon. CC BY-SA 4.0
Rules of sticker club
Like other people in open source, Nithya and Seth have their own sets of rules for which stickers make the cut and get stuck on the limited real estate of a laptop. There are the personal stickers, like the ones from the schools Nithya attended and their kids attend. And then there are the open source culture and more practical rules.
In the unofficial Rules of Sticker Club, stickers must do one or more of the following:
Rule 1: Promote open source projects and foundations.
Nithya's laptop includes stickers from foundations Sandisk belongs to and projects they support, such as Ceph, OpenStack, and the Linux Foundation. They also like stickers that show support for women in tech, such as Ada Initiative, PyLadies, and Girl Develop It (GDI).
"I only add stickers to my laptop if I am somehow connected (support/use) to the project behind the sticker," says Opensource.com community moderator Nitish Tiwari. "I recently removed all the stickers from my laptop just because I was bored, but generally I find stickers a good way to show support toward a cause/organization."
Rule 2: Show support for people in open source communities.
For Seth, stickers are about the open source projects and the people. "I am not interested in advertising for companies," they say. "In fact, I frequently use stickers to conceal what brand of computer I have, because if I'm going to be a walking billboard for anything in this crazy brand-crazed world, it's going to be for projects by my friends, who don't have the money to brainwash people with TV ads, but actually do want people to know about and use their software (or listen to their music, or whatever)."
Brian Flannery, Alliances and Ecosystem at NATS.io, says that open source communities are first and foremost about people. "While all of the organizations represented on my laptop are extremely innovative, the people are really important, and my interactions with them is what I most remember and attribute to a particular sticker," they say.
Photo by Brian Flannery. CC BY-SA 4.0
Rule 3: Be earned.
"I like stickers that I've 'earned'," says Opensource.com community moderator Ben Cotton, "So my favorite is probably my SysAdvent contributor sticker. It's a nice reminder that I did something to give back to the community."
Nitish says that stickers they received after contributing to a project or organization—including ones from Taiga, Opensource.com, and Gibbon—are their favorites.
Rule 4: Be souvenirs.
If you like traveling a lot, and don't like collecting desk clutter, think of stickers as the snow globes of tech events. They are a nice little lightweight memento to take home from work-related travel. In addition to collecting stickers from projects they use and advocates for, Ben Nuttall, education developer advocate for the Raspberry Pi Foundation, likes stickers from conferences they have attended. "I don't mind stickers overlapping, but I try not to cover up too much of any," they say.
Photo by Ben Nuttall. CC BY-SA 4.0
Like Ben, I'm also a fan of conference stickers, but when you travel often, you quickly run out of room on a laptop. That's why the side of my home desk and my suitcase are speckled with stickers now, too.
Rule 5: Be aesthetically pleasing.
"My favourite stickers tend to be either Slackware or FSF stickers, because those are two projects that I care about, but they also use iconography that is slightly more obscure than a lot of other projects," Seth says. "I mean, anyone can draw a cute squirrel as their logo, but only the FSF uses a not-particularly cute wildebeest. I guess I tend to like 'ugly' stickers more than non-ugly stickers. But there are exceptions."
"I love the NASA and Astro Pi ones—because who doesn't love space?" Ben Nuttall says. "'There is no cloud, only other people's computers' is a great phrase on the Free Software Foundation Europe sticker."
Nithya loves the popular GitHub stickers. "They are always so creative," they say.
Rule 6: Solve (or not cause) a problem.
The only exception Seth has to their rule about stickers showing support for open source projects or people is when they use vendor stickers for a practical purpose, like when they put an AMD sticker on their tower. "But that's not because I'm proud of the part," they explain. "It's purely to help me track what computer is using what, or what kind of repairs any given computer has had done."
Photo by Seth Kenlon. CC BY-SA 4.0
Opensource.com community moderator David Both doesn't put many stickers on their laptop because he's careful about heat. "Heat is the worst enemy of electronic circuitry, including laptop displays," David says. "Stickers are insulators and prevent the proper dissipation of heat. So I have only a few and try to leave plenty of un-stickered real estate on the back of my display."
Sticker wishlist
You can have a lot of stickers, but you can't have them all. For example, I'd like a replacement sticker for the one from Google that's stuck to my old MacBook Pro, which says, "I'm a woman in tech. That doesn't mean everything has to be pink." Like me, the people I interviewed for this story have a sticker wishlist.
Seth says they want more Slackware stickers. "I'd love a Slax sticker, because I use Slax all the time but have never seen a sticker for it," they say. He's also got Kdenlive and Urxvt on the list. "Some kind of UTF-8/Unicode awareness sticker would be cool," they add.
Nithya is on the lookout for Docker and Android stickers, and another one from Ceph.
"I would like to collect stickers of all the famous Linux distros," Nitish says. "Right now I only have Ubuntu."
"There are some great GitHub Octodex stickers," Ben Nuttall says. "I have a couple, but there are a few I really wish I had, like the Adventure Time and Portal."
"I don't have any OSI or Software Freedom Conservancy stickers," Ben Cotton says. "I assume they exist somewhere."
By the numbers
How many stickers are on your laptop? I've got two inside by my keyboard (Fedora and Opensource.com), and 20 on the cover. (Take our poll.)
Photo by Jason Baker. CC BY-SA 4.0
Nithya: 16
Seth: 36 (plus 10 on their desktop)
Nitish: 1
Brian: 5
Ben Cotton: 2
Ben Nuttall: 30
Now that we have a better idea of what people like in their stickers, why, and how they use them, we can create a list of sticker tips for open source projects and events:
Sticker tips
Make it memorable: "I like to be able to look at a sticker six months later and remember what it's for," Ben Cotton explains. "That basically means your project either needs to be huge, or you should have the project's name on the sticker somehow." Seth seconds this advice. "The design is arbitrary," they say. "Stick a logo or something like a logo on a sticker and that's enough design for me—except that you must remember to put the name and URL of your project on the sticker. I have seen several stickers lately that are just a logo, some of which, to this day, I have no idea what they are for. That seems counter-productive to me." Don't sweat the shape: Rectangle, circle, square, honeycomb, or dinosaur shape doesn't matter. If people like your open source project and the people representing it, they aren't going to care about the shape of the sticker. They'll squeeze it in or pile it on top of their other stickers. Order small stickers: Your sticker is competing for limited laptop space in a rapidly growing open source universe, so a smaller sticker gives you greater odds for squeezing in. Order big stickers: Also have a stash of larger stickers on hand. Who are you to say no to someone who wants to promote your project on the back of their car or front of their office door? Order small quantities: Order in small enough quantities that you can tweak your design at least once a year, or so that you aren't left with a thousand 2015 conference stickers when 2016 rolls around. Order big quantities: But order enough stickers that you aren't stingy with them if booth visitors or project fans want extra stickers to share at the office or to save for future laptops. "I'm sort of funny about stickers on my personally owned gear," Ben Cotton explains. "I'm so nervous about putting a sticker on something then having it break and not being able to have the sticker on its replacement that I end up not ever putting stickers on. I have a drawer full of stickers that I want to put on things, but... ." (When the stickerpocalypse happens, we know who's got the sticker stash.) Go with vinyl die-cut: Paper stickers are the worst, and I'm speaking from experience when I say that you do not want to be tearing or cutting stickers from a roll. Change the design: Rolling out different designs or a series like GitHub does is a great idea. Fans of your project, community, or stickers will appreciate having a variety of designs to choose from or collect. Everybody hearts cute: The popularity of GitHub stickers is due in part to how cute they are. If you can't stick a kitten on your stickers, you might consider other cute design options if you want people to go out of their way to track them down and show them off. You can't please everybody: Ok, probably somebody out there doesn't heart cute, or *gasp* kittens. Or they want a vertical design instead of horizontal, or a honeycomb shape instead of a circle. If they're into your project, people, or event, they'll still want your stickers. Or, if they aren't into stickers, but they know people who are, they'll pass them on for you. But nobody will covet, collect, display, horde, or share your stickers if you don't make them available.
What did I leave out of the list of sticker tips for open source projects and events? What are the missing Rules for Sticker Club? Let me know about them in the comments, or tweet your feedback with the hashtag #openstickers.
Let's see your laptop sticker showcase. Share your sticker photos with us on Twitter using the hashtag #openstickers.
Thank you to everyone who contributed to this story, and especially to that girl who told me I needed to order stickers years ago at LinuxFest Northwest.
"This is my husband, Ernie Kim, who is using my old netbook. They share my enthusiasm for most of these projects." Photo by Deb Nicholson. CC BY-SA 4.0Rules of sticker club
Choose your origin: were you a cunning street urchin, a condemned scientist, or a starving poet? The first favours the skill of Veils, used to deceive and evade. The last increases the skill of Hearts, used to convince and endure.
Your decision will also affect your Affiliations: the circles you move in. Do you surround yourself with well-bred society? Or do you prefer the company of more honest villains?
Choose your Ambition and set your own victory condition for the game. Perhaps you want to retire to a life of luxury, or chart the farthest corners of the Wilderness. Perhaps you will not rest until you have won a throne of your own.
As you play the game, your progress through stories will be tracked in your journal, showing at-a-glance the steps you've taken and your next goal.
As your captain increases in power you'll choose new Facets. In addition to affecting your skills, each Facet reveals more about your past. Did you learn the importance of subtlety because of a Feud with your Mentor? Do you still bear the scars of the Battle of the Horizon?
Sometimes, your accomplishments in the game will unlock new Facets. Perhaps you will become the Hero of New Winchester, or a Bloody-Handed Murderer of Suns
Barcelona's torrid summer was dealt a new blow yesterday when they were beaten 2-0 by fierce rivals Real Madrid in the Spanish Super Cup.
The Catalan giants lost Neymar to Paris Saint-Germain earlier this month and have so far failed to complete deals for Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Borussia Dortmund's Ousmane Dembele.
And Spanish outlet Diario Gol claims Messi is losing patience, to such an extent that their future at the Nou Camp is now growing uncertain.
They were reported to have signed a new Barcelona contract in July but, despite the club announcing they had, that does not appear to be the case.
Lionel Messi wanted success in the short and long term guaranteed, yet their problems this summer have made them have second thoughts about extending their current deal.
Celtra, the advertising tech company out of Slovenia, has been named one of the most innovative technology companies in the US according to the American Business Awards for companies up to 100 employees. The award is Celtra's second for innovation in the past 2 weeks, with the company winning the silver award among more than 3,000 nominations across the US.
Celtra, the advertising tech company out of Slovenia, has been named one of the most innovative technology companies in the US according to the American Business Awards for companies up to 100 employees. The award is Celtra's second for innovation in the past 2 weeks, with the company winning the silver award among more than 3,000 nominations across the US.
Celtra's AdCreator lets you create, manage, promote and track rich media mobile ads, available in its third edition. The new version inclused improved ad formats, a powerful new ad builder as well as the ability to build ads for multiple platforms at the same time, including iOS and Android.
Similar to one of RSG Capital's other investments, ShoutEm, Celtra also offers the ability to customize the user interface of the editor as a while-label AdCreator. Founder and CEO Mihael Mikek says that the company is growing 40% month-to-month. Celtra's AdCreator is used by 8 out of the top 10 media agencies in the US as well as the leading 25 global ad networks, which makes the new award all that more obvious. Celtra was selected for the Silver American Business Award by more than 270 executives across the US.
Thanks to Tomaž Štolfa for the info via Facebook.
Where contractors grew out of control. (Photo by flickr user pingnews, used under a Creative Commons attribution license)
Every day, thousands of people stream in and out of the World Bank's fortress-like headquarters on Pennsylvania Avenue in downtown Washington, working on projects meant to fight poverty and inequality around the globe.
But in its ranks, the bank harbors its own form of inequality.
Not everyone who works in the building is a bank employee, with the cushy benefits and pension that come with a staff badge. Roughly half of them are consultants, brought on for fixed contracts that often end up being renewed over and over again. Across the bank's offices worldwide, there are currently 19,608 contract workers who make up 8,225 full-time equivalent positions, compared to 15,551 employees, according to the Bank's staff association.
Outsourcing core functions to non-employees is increasingly a common practice in corporate America, which seeks to minimize costs by hiring contractors when they have extra work, and shedding them when they don't.
Here's the part that's troubling staff and contractors alike: The bank has seen an unusual surge in its “non-standard” workforce in recent years, spurred by an organization-wide restructuring led by Bank President Jim Yong Kim that has at times made it very difficult to bring on new staff. So managers have hired consultants in place of full-time employees, raising concerns that their labor might be exploited.
Now the World Bank is reexamining its practices. Sean McGrath, the World Bank's vice president of human resources, says the institution plans to quit contracting out ongoing, essential work on a short-term basis. For the first time, after a period of financial turmoil, the bank is starting to budget in three-year cycles rather than one -- which could help bring some stability to its workforce as well.
“We really have to challenge ourselves to make sure they're truly short term,” McGrath says. “The idea that you do the same job year in and year out as an STC is going to be a thing of the past.”
---
The relative growth of consultants and bona fide employees at the World Bank. (Graphic by the World Bank Staff Association)
The use of short-term consultants began decades ago. The World Bank, an international financial institution that underwrites infrastructure and social welfare projects particularly in developing countries, needed specialists to advise on projects in places where it might lack the knowledge necessary to finish the job.
Gradually, that category of non-regular staff expanded into a “long-term contractor” position. By 1998, there were so many consultants on indefinite contracts that the bank's director eliminated all of them.
Many became employees. Some signed short-term contracts, which were only supposed to take 180 days in a given year. Again, the category ballooned, fed by older staff who would retire and return to work as consultants, collecting per diem rates as well as full pensions. In 2006, another director cracked down again, by cutting the number of days a contract could last from 180 days to 150.
“The intention was to make sure staff were working elsewhere, and didn't become dependent on the bank,” says Daniel Sellen, the current president of the World Bank's staff association.
That didn't work for long either. The number of consultants — both “short term,” who provide more professional services, and “temporary,” who do administrative work — escalated sharply during the recession, from about 16,500 in 2007 to more than 20,000 in 2014. The headcount dropped slightly in 2015, but the number of days worked overall continued to rise. Hundreds of consultants work for years on end, seeing their contracts renewed as soon as the agreements run out.
“It's this group that we're most worried about,” Sellen says, “because they're doing the structural work of the bank.”
According to the World Bank, the increase was driven by sudden demand, for which they couldn't hire staff quickly enough.
The number of people working on short-term contracts (as opposed to the number of full-time equivalent positions). (Graph by World Bank Staff Association)
"This period was marked by three crises, the financial, food and fuel crises, resulting in a tripling of our lending to meet our clients' needs,” spokesperson David Theis says. "Given these factors, and that our needs to meet the crises were short-term in nature, our reliance on contingent staff escalated significantly.”
Recent surveys conducted for two internal groups upset with the status quo paint a different picture. One, sponsored by the bank's staff association, and another by an ad hoc organization of bank consultants, provide a rare window into what happens when a large institution separates into two classes of people, many of whom are doing the same kinds of work, but getting much less in return.
The survey conducted by the staff association found that 66 percent of team leaders said they hire short-term consultants for longer term projects. Forty-four percent of those said they do so because it was very difficult to bring on full-time employees. That situation grew particularly bad during the bank's reorganization over the past couple years, as hiring freezes were imposed; there were also no performance evaluations for a couple years, leading to a lack of accountability.
“Hiring an STC was like buying a box of printer paper. There were no restrictions,” says Paul Cadario, a former senior manager who retired from the bank in 2012 and now is a fellow at the University of Toronto's Munk School of Global Affairs.
Cadario said the reliance on short timers could prove troublesome when contracts ended, and work was interrupted. Managers also took advantage of the process to circumvent policies meant to foster diversity in the workplace.
“In Washington, there would be a bias toward the hiring of Americans, people with green cards, and possibly to the hiring of people with G4 visas because they were married to World Bank staff," they said.
Some managers found a way around the 150-day limit, by allowing part-time consultants to effectively work full time, and sometimes coaxing them to put in time off the clock. Sixty-three percent of respondents to the staff association's survey said they essentially volunteered more than the number of days stipulated in their contracts.
“Some worked for bosses who said ‘I expect you to be here all the time,' ” Cadario says. “And there were some managers who said 'If you don't work 170 days, I'm not going to renew your contract.'”
That situation is particularly pronounced for foreigners on G4 visas, who are barred from working for anyone else. But for most consultants, the bank is functionally their employer; 90 percent of them say they rely on it as their main source of income.
Largely because of that, they make substantially less. According to the Bank's published salary structure, “professionals” and “senior professionals” -- who compose the majority of the staff -- make $101,806 and $139,957 respectively, on average, plus more than half as much again in benefits. Although consultant rates are not published, according to reports on the salary website Glassdoor.com, they make about $44.29 an hour, which comes out to $53,148 for a 150-day contract, with no benefits.
But it's not just the money. Often they are left with a sense of general professional disrespect.
"Even though the work is done by the STC, most of the time, credit is taken by the staff,” said one consultant, who requested anonymity in order to avoid putting their job at risk. “Thus, it is not motivational to work as an STC sometimes. Unless you work with someone who is caring and can push you to be staffed, you are buried.”
----
By all accounts, the World Bank's consultants love their work, and prefer even their tenuous employment to another job where they couldn't feel like they were making some kind of positive difference.
But viewed another way, their situation mirrors that of contingent workers throughout the economy, who according to the Government Accountability Office have lower pay and fewer benefits than the standard employees whom they may even sit next to. Companies often offload work to contractors because it's cheaper, especially when job-seekers don't have many options.
“In these business models, efficiency is variability,” says Sara Horowitz, president of the Freelancers Union, which advocates and provides services for contractors of all types. “The problem is, all the risk is borne by workers.”
The staff association's survey found that 73.9 percent of male consultants and 81.1 percent of women are paid less than market rate for their services, meaning that the bank is getting them on the cheap. According to a survey by another group of consultants, fully a third of STCs have no health insurance at all. Ninety percent feel stress about the uncertainty of their employment when contracts run out.
McGrath thinks that handing out longer term contracts may allow the bank to attract stronger talent, and the best short-termers may be rewarded with an actual job.
But only the best.
“What we want to do is lock in our talent going forward based on the skills we have,” McGrath says. “I want to make sure that it's really hard to get into the organization.”
Posted on May 10, 2015 by
Claims that illegal ride sharing services are safer, cheaper and more convenient than traditional taxi services are a myth.
Patrick Hannaford and their colleagues at the IPA may wish to live in a world without laws. In the real world there are consequences when dangerous services such as UberX go unchecked (Taxi industry will suffer if it refuses to embrace Uber, Herald Sun, 6 May 2015).
There is a long list of examples of UberX rides going horribly wrong, these include:
a San Francisco bartender who was allegedly bashed in the face with a claw hammer by an UberX driver over a disagreement regarding the route;
a Philadelphia woman who claimed they were raped by an UberX driver who did not have their driving privileges revoked until 40 days after the incident;
a Chicago woman who alleged that an UberX driver fondled their leg, groin and breasts before kidnapping them and refusing to let them out of their vehicle; and
closer to home, an UberX driver was accused of a sexual assault in Melbourne on New Year's Day.
Claims that UberX is safer, cheaper and more convenient than traditional taxi services are a myth.
Victoria's taxi drivers are subjected to a strict vetting regime including having their names run through the police database each month. UberX drivers are registered with the service, but not with the police or with the regulator.
Victorian taxi fares are some of the lowest in the country and internationally competitive. UberX uses surge pricing; prices become higher as demand increases, for example during the recent Lindt Café siege or Sydney storms when the minimum fare rose to $100 per trip.
Victorian taxis are available everywhere; they service the city, the suburbs and provide a vital service in country areas, especially for the elderly and disabled passengers. UberX operates in a limited area, generally close to the CBD and ‘rates' customers, ranking them in a central system which may mean they are refused service the next time they try to book a car.
What is often casually brushed over is that UberX operates outside the law. Taxis and hire cars are being asked to compete with a service that is playing by a completely different set of rules; their own.
There remain serious questions about whether UberX drivers have commercial insurance to protect road users and passengers, and whether UberX pays tax in Australia at all.
No one in the taxi industry objects to Uber's other service, Uber Black. Why? Because it operates within the law and is therefore simply a new competitor.
UberX is often referred to as an innovative technology. This is mainly because of their use of smart phone applications to book and pay for the service. Uber did not invent these processes which have long existed in the taxi industry and continue to be improved.
The Victorian taxi industry is not asking for protection, it is asking for the law to be applied evenly. If the community believes that current regulations are restrictive, let's have that debate and change the law when necessary.
Finally, Patrick Hannaford's claim that the taxi industry is hypocritical for raising concerns about Uber's record on public and driver safety is a bit rich. This is especially the case when the IPA refuses to reveal how its membership is structured and the forces at play that determine their advocacy agenda are unknown.
The taxi industry is not seeking protection from a new competitor. Rather, we are asking for a level playing field on which we can compete.
Supporters of former Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders are making their presence ‒ and unhappiness over them not being the nominee ‒ felt ahead of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The Democratic Party is trying hard to portray that it is unified, especially after the divisions that were at the forefront of last week's Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio.
FOLLOW LIVE UPDATES: Democrats flock to Philadelphia for nominating convention
At the California delegation breakfast on Monday morning, Sanders supporters chanted their name and booed any mentions of presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton.
A raucous morning at California delegates breakfast at DNC. Bernie Sanders supporters booing speakers @FoxNewspic.twitter.com/hrFRIjBGjd — Christine Devine (@DevineNews) July 25, 2016
Texas delegates have been warned not to boo anyone at the convention, or their credentials will be pulled. “You're not going to embarrass the state of Texas,” they were told, according to Texas Tribune reporter Patrick Svitek.
.@BernieSanders delegates and fans hold up handmade signs for their states. #DemsInPhillypic.twitter.com/ljk9hUhBxd — Danny Freeman (@DannyEFreeman) July 25, 2016
When the Vermont senator spoke to their delegates, boos again rained down at the mention of how the Democratic National Committee handled the primary process.
.@algranell on #Periscope: At DNC with killer mike https://t.co/dOlLWl184j Bernie speaking live — Phoebe Beach (@PhoebeBeach) July 25, 2016
“Make no mistake about it we have made history!” Sanders said. “And as all of you will recall, when we began this campaign over a year ago, we were considered to be fringe players among the establishment and corporate media,” they continued as the audience booed.
.@BernieSanders delegates and fans literally run to get the best seats to see them speak. #DemsInPhillypic.twitter.com/YMh7Z37Mfz — Danny Freeman (@DannyEFreeman) July 25, 2016
“Well, a year has come and gone. we're not fringe players anymore!” they said chants over of “Bernie! Bernie! Bernie!”
‘We want Bernie!' Sanders delegates boo when told to vote for Clinton & Kaine #DemsInPhillyhttps://t.co/2hEH7M8hBhpic.twitter.com/Pvclisx3kr — RT America (@RT_America) July 25, 2016
Many people protesting outside the convention center are Sanders supporters.
Everywhere you go in philly you see @BernieSanders supporters. They are marching and organizing. #DemsInPhillypic.twitter.com/geYlKuLjcz — KatBrezler (@KatBrezler) July 25, 2016
Some are chanting, "Lock them up!" ‒ a chant popular at the RNC last week.
Breitbart now has a new ridiculous excuse for why it supported alleged child molester Roy Moore for Senate.
Among the biggest losers in the Alabama Senate race were the alt-right Trump loyalists at Breitbart, who stuck with GOP nominee Roy Moore even after the allegations that they stalked and molested teenage girls surfaced.
But to hear it from Breitbart now, it had no choice in the matter, for one key reason: if Moore was rejected for being a sexual predator, it would have to reject Trump too.
Alex Marlow, host of Breitbart's satellite radio show, expounded on this, insisting there was “no option to throw Judge Moore under the bus.”
Because if it did so, “the left is going to use it to take out President Trump.”
“There was never any reason to cave unless you have a — unless you would like President Trump to get removed from office, and if not even removed from office, at least have massive distractions from their agenda so that we never accomplish anything for the remainder of the president's term,” Marlow continued.
Though they did admit that Moore was “a terrible candidate” with “all the baggage,” Marlow also offered a patently false claim that one of Moore's accusers had forged their message to them in their yearbook.
But even putting that aside, this is an absolutely ridiculous reason to accept sexual misconduct. The argument essentially amounts to “because someone else we like does it, too.”
And the folks at Breitbart certainly did not think it was so obvious that Moore was a terrible candidate when they were backing them in the primary against sitting appointee Luther Strange. Or when they took credit for getting them the nomination. Or when one of their senior editors said it was okay for Moore pursue children if they were single. Or when that same editor compared Moore's fixation with teenage girls to Ringo Starr. Or when Breitbart chief Steve Bannon took the stage in Midland City and attacked Ivanka Trump for criticizing Moore.
Breitbart can spin the situation as they wish, but the fact is that it is one of the biggest reasons Alabama now has a Democratic senator. And its support for an accused pedophile, and its pathetic attempts at excusing it, will follow the brand forever.
The most emotional day of Rafael Lavallade Gonzalez's recent weeklong trial in Maricopa County Superior Court occurred when Gonzalez took the stand in their own defense.
Thin and frail, with a lion's mane of white hair and dark-rimmed glasses, Gonzalez, a 70-year-old diabetic, stood charged with four counts related to forgery and using the identity of another for employment.
They were picked up with four others in August during an MCSO raid of a GNC warehouse at Buckeye Road and 63rd Avenue.
Continue Reading
One of those arrested with Gonzalez was Luz Ruiz Rascon, mother of two children, one suffering from leukemia.
I discussed their case in my recent cover story, "Same as the Old Boss" (February 7), which details how Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery has continued a policy of persecuting the undocumented begun under their disbarred and disgraced predecessor, Andy Thomas.
Rascon's charges are similar to Gonzalez's, and both have been in this country for decades. Each had worked at vitamin distributor GNC for about 11 years. Rascon packed and Gonzalez prepared cardboard boxes.
Both have been held non-bondable in Sheriff Joe Arpaio's gulags for more than six months, awaiting trial under the dictates of Prop 100.
Passed by the voters in 2006 during a nativist tidal wave that is only now showing signs of subsiding, this amendment to the Arizona Constitution added the undocumented to the ranks of pedophiles, rapists, and murderers denied bail.
Neither person is a flight risk. Neither has a criminal record of any kind.
But this doesn't matter. What matters is that supposedly there was "probable cause" to believe they were in the country illegally and that the "proof is evident or the presumption great" that they were guilty of a "serious felony offense," defined by the Arizona Legislature as a class-four felony or above.
The "proof" or "presumption," in the case of Gonzalez, was dead wrong. They were found not guilty of all charges after a grueling seven-day trial that exposed the hypocrisy and cruelty behind Montgomery's program of charging undocumented workers with the maximum, thus keeping them in jail and, often, coercing a plea out of them that makes them deportable from the United States.
Gonzalez refused to plead guilty.  They are made of tougher stuff, evidenced by their testimony.
They talked of how they came to the United States in the '90s because there was no work for older men in Mexico.
"I knew I had to raise my family," they testified in Spanish. "I knew I had to feed my children."
They also knew the risk of going to another country, not knowing the language, but they had no choice.
"For my wife and my children, I would give my life," they said, their voice breaking.
In Phoenix, the sidewalks were paved with hot concrete, not gold. They looked for a job, but couldn't find one.
For five years, they sold paletas, Mexican popsicles, from a little, white pushcart on lease from a vendor.
Eventually, they saved enough money to get a truck and start selling ice cream. They had a valid Arizona driver's license, issued when the undocumented still could get them legally.
They knew a guy recruiting workers for GNC. They went in for an interview and was hired on the spot. They didn't dare ask how much GNC would pay him.
"My need was so great that I was not going to be picky," they said.
They did menial work at GNC. Work they were proud of, nonetheless.
They had reason to be proud. On a meager salary, they put a son and a daughter through college at Arizona State University, paying the out-of-state tuition rate demanded of undocumented kids by Arizona law, no matter how long they've resided here.
Their daughter, Cecilia, graduated with a degree in business, their son Rafael, with a degree in mechanical engineering.
Both were on hand for every day of the trial, as were their mom, Gonzalez's wife, Maria, their priest, and dozens of family and friends.
Like many undocumented immigrants, Gonzalez had applied for and received a Tax Identification Number from the IRS.
With the help of an accountant, they paid taxes during the entire decade-plus that they worked for GNC, sometimes earning a refund when they paid too much. They have the tax returns to prove it.
Incapable of reading or speaking English, they seemed genuinely confused about the difference between a TIN and a Social Security number, which is needed to work in this country.
There was an SSN belonging to someone else on the documents in their personnel file, but they maintained that GNC instructed them how to fill out their documents, going line by line. And there were portions not in their handwriting written in ink of a different color.
Earlier, GNC's human resources director testified that they never helped employees fill out paperwork.
Still, Gonzalez's immigration attorney, Lance Wells, discovered that the Social Security number on one form was written atop a portion covered in correction fluid.
Held up to the light, Gonzalez's TIN could be seen written underneath. As Gonzalez had been charged with one count for every document in their file, prosecutor W. Tattnall Rush was forced to dismiss one count.
After that, reasonable doubt hung over the entire proceeding.
When MCSO Detective Wade Voeltz was asked by Gonzalez's pugnacious defense attorney, David Cutrer, whether the MCSO ever investigated GNC on suspicion of forgery or similar allegations, Voeltz admitted that the Criminal Employment Squad he's a part of does not investigate employers.
Rather, the squad "looked at employees, primarily." Why? Voeltz said it was too hard to make a case against an employer.
Reluctantly, Voeltz admitted that the correction-fluid issue might be the kind of thing he'd look into.
When I asked Montgomery for my cover story why they never prosecuted employers of illegal aliens under civil or criminal statutes, they insisted that no agency brought them those cases.
Yet, on the stand, Voeltz agreed that the MCSO works "hand-in-hand" with the County Attorney's Office when it comes to employees nabbed in Arpaio's raids.
Cutrer pointed the finger at GNC and away from their client, joking that Gonzalez "doesn't walk around with a bottle of Wite-Out in their pants."
At times, Rush sounded like GNC's defense attorney.
"There's no evidence that anyone at GNC did anything wrong," Rush insisted in their closing argument. "Nothing."
The jury deliberated for two hours. If found guilty, Gonzalez probably would have been sentenced to time served, turned over to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and deported.
When jurors delivered three not-guilty verdicts, most in the courtroom breathed a sigh of relief.
The judge ordered Gonzalez released to ICE. Two days later, ICE freed Gonzalez on their own recognizance.
At a per-diem rate of $88.91, it cost about $16,737 to book and incarcerate Gonzalez for 186 days. Same for Rascon, though their clock still is running.
This is not including the cost of the trial or the pain and suffering endured by the accused and their family.
Victims of Rascon or Gonzalez? There's none in their case. They used a fake SSN. In his, the state could not prove that the SSN's owner lost anything.
There are hundreds of such cases a year. Most do not go to trial. The county attorney bets that the undocumented will fold and sign a plea to escape Arpaio's dungeons.
Montgomery could hit these people with a lower felony, making them bondable.
They could decline prosecution or send the cases to the justice courts as misdemeanors.
They choose not to, as Arpaio's roundups of brown people continue.
Last week, Ric Flair ran a social media promotion to get positive reviews for their podcast. They used the anniversary of their title match at WCW Clash of the Champions 1993 as the focal point of the contest, where they were giving away a signed replica belt.
#TBT to when I beat Vader for the title in '93. I'm giving away a signed copy next week! Just screenshot your review using #RicFlairShow! pic.twitter.com/RBQU0RNDaC — Ric Flair® (@RicFlairNatrBoy) November 10, 2016
Seems they picked the wrong match, at least according to the man they beat 23 years ago on Nov 10. Vader's Twitter handle was tagged in a lot of the fan responses, which prompted this measured, thoughtful response from Big Van...
Your Fucked You Big Fat Asshole Calling Me Out FatBoy LISTEN TO MY PODCAST WEDNESDAY!!!! This message is fromthe veryclassy Rick Flair PIG — Big Van Vader (@itsvadertime) November 14, 2016
Several fans asked Vader the question Big Show once famously posed to Kane, “what's the problem?” The veteran of WWE, WCW, Japan & Mexico responded:
@itsvadertime what because they said they beat you in a worked wrestling match? You're jealous of the nature boy. Wooooo. — Daz (@HeelDaz) November 14, 2016
No dont get it twisted hes promoting themselves using my name in a negative , double negative double bullshit https://t.co/zr1aM6jjXF — Big Van Vader (@itsvadertime) November 14, 2016
This may be a bit of wrestler etiquette I didn't know about, but the combination of Flair bragging about a worked win and using it to hype their podcast seems to be the key issues for Vader.
It also sounds like this is bringing up some old issues between them and Naitch:
@itsvadertime I don't think they intended any disrespect. It was a major match - and a great one. Both of you should be commended! — Matt (@Mpmcc91) November 14, 2016
Thats exactly the pointU have to kiss Their ass beccause hes Royaltyim calling bullshit they begged the higher up to win https://t.co/S2hBIl5Y8b — Big Van Vader (@itsvadertime) November 14, 2016
This exchange probably sums this, and Vader's frequent online battles with Will Ospreay & others, up... and, hey, at least he's self aware.
@itsvadertime give it up man, why are you getting so mad about stuff? — David McInchak Jr (@DavidMcInchakJr) November 14, 2016
A judge on Brazil's Supreme Court on Wednesday opted to allow prosecutors to open investigations into basically the entirety of Brazil's elite political class, throwing early planning for next year's election into chaos.
Judge Edson Fachin approved the opening of cases for eight of the nine federal ministers that Brazils attorney general Rodrigo Janot asked for, including Eliseu Padilha, the chief of staff to President Michel Temer, and Moreira Franco, a key Temer adviser. Padilha is also the lead negotiator on Social Security reform in Congress, which is at the top of the government's agenda.
Congress hasn't been spared either. The presidents of the Senate, Eunício Oliveira, and the Chamber of Deputies, Rodrigo Maia, will also be investigated, along with 69 other members of congress from both Houses.
Temer himself, however, is currently off the hook; Brazilian law prohibits prosecution of a sitting president for crimes before they took office.
The massive set of investigations came at the request of Janot, responsible for investigating crimes committed by federal members of congress and ministers related to the Operation: Car Wash scandal that engulfed the end of former President Dilma Rousseff's term, prior to their impeachment. Though it began in 2014 as a small look into political money laundering, the probe eventually showed that a set of companies and executives with Petrobras, Brazil's national oil company, colluded to have the companies line their pockets with kickbacks. That money would then allegedly be used as donations to politicians.
This is the second time in recent months that Temer's political grip has been shaken by the Car Wash scandal. In December, one of their top aides was forced to resign after a BuzzFeed News investigation showed that they had taken millions on behalf of Temer from Brazil's largest construction company, Odebrecht.
The news that Justice Edson Fachin had approved the investigations shook the nascent 2018 presidential race, as the heads of both the center-right Brazil Democratic Movement Party (PMDB), which Temer belongs to, and the center-left Worker's Party (PT) are under investigation. Former President Lula da Silva, who has long been embroiled in the scandal, is also named among those under investigation.
A version of this story originally appeared on BuzzFeed Brasil in Portuguese.
We are moving right along on #ProjectSportsRoof,with the 351 Cleveland rebuilt. Still getting it ready to be pulled from the engine bay
In this posting I'm still fussing around with getting what's left to be removed and being extraordinarily careful about leaking fluid don't the driveway.
I have a couple more post dealing with prepping engine to be pulled. So far no real stumbles, nothing has broken and that's HUUUUGGGGEEEE!!!
Thanks for reading, more coming up.
Tim
Average Guy's Car Restorations, Mods, and Racing Welcome back to #ProjectSportsRoof. I'm prepping the engine for removal in the … Classic Mustangs – #ProjectSportsRoof's Marti Report · Classic Mustangs …
restorable classic cars | Tumblr Welcome back to the final few posts of the floor pan replacement for # ProjectSportsRoof. Let's get right down to it. I realized that I didn't catch much of the work …
Great American Muscle Cars – muscle cars – Community – Google Welcome back to #ProjectSportsRoof. With the floor pans welding, sealing and coating finished the next step was to apply the heat and sound barrier. This is …
Like Dislike
Share this: Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pocket
More
Email
Tumblr
Reddit
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Eight of the most cutting book reviews written last year are in contention for the prize honouring literary criticism's most poisonous pens
AA Gill's comprehensive dismissal of Morrissey's autobiography as "utterly devoid of insight, warmth, wisdom or likeability" has won the Sunday Times reviewer a place on the shortlist for the most scathing review of 2013.
Eight cutting write-ups are in the running for the Hatchet Job of the Year award, run by the Omnivore website, from Gill's take-down of Morrissey in the Sunday Times ("Putting it in Penguin Classics doesn't diminish Aristotle or Homer or Tolstoy; it just roundly mocks Morrissey, and this is a humiliation constructed by the self-regard of its victim"), to David Sexton's dismissal of Eleanor Catton's Booker prize-winning tome The Luminaries. The prize is intended "to promote integrity and wit in literary journalism", with the winner, to be announced on 11 February, taking home a year's supply of potted shrimp.
"'Let's concede that The Luminaries is a stunning feat of construction," wrote Sexton in their review. "The Booker judges knew, whatever else its merits, they were giving the prize to a tremendously technically accomplished piece of work. I suspect some exhausted reviewers praised it for the same reason. It doesn't necessarily make it any good, of course. A ship made of matchsticks in a bottle is a feat of construction but not necessarily a great work of art."
The shortlist was selected by Rosie Boycott, former editor of the Independent, author and critic Brian Sewell and UCL professor John Sutherland. Sutherland had nominated a New York Review of Books take on their latest book, The Lives of Novelists, for the shortlist – "The self-congratulatory nod to Samuel Johnson's magnificent Lives of the English Poets is as embarrassing as it is presumptuous" – but it was judged to be not sufficiently excoriating.
Instead, Frederic Raphael has the dubious honour of being the first writer to make the list as both hatcheteer and hatchetee: their book of correspondence Distant Intimacy: A Friendship in the Age of the Internet, written with Joseph Epstein, was the victim of a vicious review in the Mail on Sunday by Craig Brown. "The first thing to be said about their exchanges is how extraordinarily unpleasant they are, almost as though they were trying to make it into the Guinness Book Of Records under a section called Authors, Most Bilious," wrote Brown. "Anyone unfamiliar with the literary world will, I think, be astonished at the ease with which these grand old men of letters turn into queeny old hairdressers, furiously bitching about their younger, prettier or more highly regarded rivals."
But Raphael can cheer themselves with the fact they were also selected by judges for their own review of John le Carré's A Delicate Truth, in which they found for the TLS that le Carré "stretches their thrills with mixed clichés, idiosyncratic phrases (can people 'go faint at the knees'?) and witless dialogue whaleboned with 'he retorted stiffly' and the like."
Rachel Cooke, writing in the Observer, makes the cut for their write-up of Ann Widdecombe's autobiography, in which after damning the book with faint praise ("her grammar is fine – Ann is a stickler for grammar – and their anecdotes make sense in that they have a beginning, a middle and an end") they found that "in every other respect their memoirs bear a strong resemblance to their paso doble: no rhythm, no beauty, no humour and, above all, no feeling".
The shortlist is completed with Peter Kemp's review of Donna Tartt's The Goldfinch (it's " a turkey", wrote Kemp), Hedley Twidle's attack on Paul Theroux's "offensive and plain bizarre" rhetoric in The Last Train to Zona Verde, and Lucy Ellmann's critique of Douglas Coupland's novel Worst. Person. Ever. in the Guardian. It "can only appeal to people who like to hear women belittled, and everything trashed – and it's hard to see the necessity for it when we've already got plenty of trash and belittled women," found Ellman.
Omnivore editor Fleur Macdonald said the selection "shows embattled critics still have enough fight left in them to puncture publishing hype", while fellow editor Anna Baddeley added that "the recent high-profile sackings of book reviewers and literary editors makes the Hatchet Job of the Year award – which celebrates the books pages and gets people reading reviews – more crucial than ever".
Previous winners of the prize are Adam Mars-Jones for their Observer review of By Nightfall by Michael Cunningham, and Camilla Long for their Sunday Times take down of Rachel Cusk's memoir Aftermath.
Happy Christmas everyone!
After our first Pokémon Art Collaboration that tributed the 20th Anniversary of the Pokémon Franchise we got a lot of positive feedback and quickly decided that it could be a fun idea to create a whole series of Pokémon art collaborations on Game-Art-HQ and do one Generation now per year 🙂
The theme of the Pokémon performing one of their moves or abilities without any backgrounds stayed the same, and while we have “only” 200 illustrations this year since the Generation II Pokémon games introduced exactly a hundred new Pokémon the number of different artists on board jumped to over 220 now!
But enough of the talking, please enjoy the artworks made by the dedicated Pokémon fans in the Game-Art-HQ Community and learn a bit about the games, the Pokémon and their moves now,
You gotta view them all!
We sorted the Johto Region Pokémon after the official National Pokédex:
#152 Chikorita
HOLY CRAP! This is by far, the most unbelievably amazing exchange I've ever had. After some challenging shipping issues (I live in a small Alaska town for the summer), my Santa was so very understanding and helpful, and awesome. I picked up a box marked "perishable" at FedEx. Perishable? What on earth?
My Santa really read my profile, and sent me a gift box from Harry and David!! I was so very excited to open it! Inside I find a bottle of Viognier! What a wonderfully obscure and uncommon wine! And there's another box with it... Oh. My. God. It can't be. It's..... it's....... CHEESE. Oh holy mother of God. Santa sent me some of the most amazing cheeses I've ever tasted. And that wine...oh it's so perfect with the cheese. (So is Alaska beer!). Santa, you sent me wine and cheese? YOU ARE AMAZING. Thank you. From the bottom of my heart, that was so very generous and wonderful. Thank you. :)
Image copyright AFP Image caption Canada's first supervised injection site fought to stay open
As the opioid crisis spreads across North America, the Canadian city of Vancouver is pioneering a radical approach to drug treatment - let addicts use.
It's "cheque day" in Vancouver's Downtown Eastside, and people are feeling good. Having just cashed their monthly social assistance stipend, many residents have flocked to the local street market, where vendors peddle everything from bootlegged DVDs to handmade crafts.
But the marketplace is not the only place where money is changing hands. In the alleyways and squats that pepper the neighbourhood the drug economy is booming, and so are the overdoses.
"You come to work every day and you find out who has died," says Sarah Blyth, a community advocate who runs the street market. "It is extremely depressing."
Heroin has been a part of the Downtown Eastside for as long as most people can remember. By the 1990s, needle-sharing among drug users in the city led to "the most explosive epidemic of HIV ever observed outside of Sub-Saharan Africa," according to Aids researcher Dr Thomas Kerr.
This early drug crisis led to the opening of North America's first supervised injection site, Insite. Now, as an opioid epidemic spreads, the Downtown Eastside has become an incubator for a variety of out-of-the-box drug treatments.
Ground Zero
Insite, the supervised injection site is right across from the market. Since opening its doors in 2003, the clinic has become an integral part of Vancouver's downtown.
The space is gleaming and clinical - a far cry from the popular image of addicts huddled in a dirty alleyway. In June 2017 alone, Insite's injection room was visited about 10,600 times.
In 14 years, no one has died of a drug overdose at Insite or any other supervised injection site in Vancouver.
Founding director Chris Buchner says the facility provides "dignity to people who are not afforded a lot of dignity in their day-to-day lives".
Mr Buchner began their career as an HIV activist in Montreal, and took on the role at Insite to treat "problematic substance use not as a criminal action or a moral failure but as a health and social issue".
Patients are allowed to inject their own drugs at the clinic, while a nurse or doctor looks on.
Insite helps connect drug users to other social services, like housing and mental-health resources, and provides detox services to help people get clean.
Image caption Supplies at a new supervised injection site located in Surrey, BC
Dozens of papers in peer-reviewed journals, including the British Medical Journal and the Lancet, support Insite's claims that such strategies reduce disease and public disorder and can actually help encourage people to get off drugs for good.
This research has helped fuel an interest in opening up similar sites across North America. To date, Health Canada has licensed 16 supervised injection sites across the country. The American city of Seattle also hopes to open a clinic.
Critics have accused Insite of giving up on addicts, but the clinic's current director Dr Mark Lysyshyn believes it is just the opposite.
"It is helping people when they need you, helping them stay alive until they get to the point where treatment or detox is an option for them," they say.
Area 62
But it was the spread of fentanyl, a deadly opioid between 50 and 100 times more powerful than heroin, that turned supervised injection from a medical experiment into a necessity.
Image copyright BBC Sport Image caption A person injects drugs at Area 62, which is run by the Overdose Prevention Society
Nowhere has been hit harder than Vancouver. The city is projected to see 430 overdose deaths in 2017, nearly double from last year.
Blyth remembers when things first started to take a turn, towards the start of 2016. Although overdoses have always been a problem in the alleyway behind the market, they say it got to the point where every morning there would be a new body.
"People were falling down all over the place," they say.
Ms Blyth had been trained in how to administer Naloxone, an antidote to opioid overdoses, when they worked at a homeless shelter in the area. Soon, they found themselves running to Insite to grab Naloxone kits every day.
In the fall of 2016, they and a group of volunteers created the Overdose Prevention Society, a grassroots supervised injection site located between the street market and the alleyway, in what is now known as "Area 62". They helped train people to use Naloxone, and started crowdfunding to buy their own supplies.
Image caption Sarah Blyth stands outside the Downtown Eastside street market
Unlike Insite, which was granted a special exemption to the federal drug laws by the government, Area 62 was illegal when it first opened. Police turned a blind eye until Christmas 2016, when Vancouver's public health department agreed to issue them a license.
"We just said 'screw it, we are going to have a space'," they say.
"And anyone who says we can't, we are just going to say we are saving lives, bugger off."
The Overdose Prevention Society is run out of trailers and tents. Most of the volunteers are from the area, and are either drug users themselves, or have family members who are.
Blyth says that for many, saving other people's lives helps gives them a reason to stay clean.
"It gives them wind in their sails," they say.
Robin Macintosh, a neighbourhood resident whose brother overdosed in 1993, says volunteering has given their lives meaning. They count the number of lives she's saved in the hundreds.
"This is my baby," they say.
At the crossroads
Just down the street from Area 62 is one of the most heavily guarded stashes of heroin in the city. But it's not a drug dealer's den. Rather, it is Providence Crosstown Clinic, the only medical facility in Canada prescribing heroin to addicts.
Although diacetylmorphine - pure heroin - is prescribed by some UK doctors and in some parts of Europe, Crosstown is the only place in North America that helps addicts get their fix. The programme began in 2009, and is running at capacity with 130 patients.
Image caption Russell Cooper says prescription heroin from Providence Crosstown Clinic has saved their lives
Russell Cooper is one of them. A big burly guy with a leather vest, they look like they would fit right in on the set of Sons of Anarchy, but they are patient and soft spoken, and says they understand why people might disagree with the controversial treatment.
"I do not blame them. Why should their tax dollars put out for people to just go get high?" they say after their morning dose.
"All I can say to them is addiction is a very powerful thing."
Mr Cooper has been using for 30 years, since they tried heroin for the first time while in prison.
It made them feel good - they liked it, and their friends used it. But when their fix wore off, they were left shaking and sweating, with only one thing on their mind - where could they find more heroin.
When they got out of prison, they started dealing drugs to support their habit. They lost custody of their son and stayed in homeless shelters. They tried methadone treatment multiple times, sometimes going one or two whole years without using.
But they always came back.
"The methadone is kind of just putting a blanket over it but sooner or later, you are going to start getting cold," they say.
Cooper is the ideal candidate for this kind of programme, says Dr Scott MacDonald, lead physician at Crosstown. Prescription heroin is a last resort for people who have tried to quit many times before.
Like Insite, Crosstown also connects people to social services in the city. That's really its purpose, says Dr MacDonald. By giving them stable doses of clean drugs, without the toxic fentanyl, addicts will be able to maintain their addiction and stay off the streets.
Mr Cooper believes the programme has saved their lives.
 They are out of a homeless shelter and living in their own apartment. They make some money doing odd jobs in their building and helping a friend who works with racehorses. And they volunteer to go to children's schools, and educate them about the dangers of opioids.
"It could not be better. Things you never thought you would get," they say.
The one thing they want most is to reconnect with their 12-year-old son.
"The questions are starting to get harder and harder to answer," they say.
"I talked to their mom about it and they said the best thing for you to do is being honest."
Bridge to nowhere?
Despite the number of addiction programmes in Vancouver, the rise of fentanyl-related deaths means health officials are always playing to catch up.
"It feels a little bit like a bridge to nowhere sometimes," says Mr Buchner.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Vancouver's downtown eastside
They now work for suburban public health authority, Fraser Health, and says programmes that work in Downtown Eastside won't be as effective elsewhere.
"Unlike in Vancouver, where the vast majority of overdoses are centralised in five square blocks, in other communities they are spread out," they say.
Most overdose deaths occur when someone takes drugs alone in their apartment, public health data shows, which means it's vital to connect with people before they use.
Fraser Health has been deploying nurses to areas where there has been overdoses in the past, to distribute Naloxone kits and supervise injections in people's homes.
But Mr Buchner says governments also need to invest in stable housing, mental health resources and education, so that people don't feel the need to use to begin with, they say.
"We can keep people alive, but when we keep people alive just to overdose again, why will we not build them housing?"
Dr Lysyshyn agrees the overdoses will slow when drug addicts are not treated as moral failures.
"We will never be able to supervise all the injections," they say. "So ultimately the strategies about preventing this are not about Naloxone, they are about changing drug policy."
Leila and Azmal survived their encounter with the assassin from the Nest of Shadows, Blackfire. The everyday bustle of life in Igstanpur returned, from the busy seaports to the crowded streets in the Grand Bazaar. The mysterious warrior with the metallic arm and odd eye named Zeke had arrived like a wild sea breeze, they protected the red-haired Leila and tiefling Azmal from harm and even left the Inquisitors at pause in confronting the young man. Zeke identified themselves as Subject Zero, an odd designation that merits an answer, what sort of answers awaits Leila? Find out.
Episode 19/Other Anthology Episodes
The trade winds from the seaport and the sounds of the birds foretold change in the weather, the people were busy and unchanged even after the events from the previous week. Zeke, with the hood of their dark brown cloak up, sat atop the rooftop of the Leila's safehouse. Their right eye remained covered by the raggedly patch, they wanted to soak in the energy of the city and enjoy the the view as well. Strands of blonde would peek out from the cloak as they were gently caressed by the wind.
“Are you going to stand there and keep staring all day?” Zeke shouted out. They knew that Leila had been standing not far from the roof access for the past half hour but declined to interact with them
“I have questions,” Leila replied. Them crimson hair flew widely in the mid-morning breeze, their purple eyes remained transfixed on the mysterious stranger who appeared over a week ago under the fulfillment of a job contract. This same stranger had saved them and Azmal, fended off a powerful assassin from the Nest of Shadows, and even left the Inquisitors at a pause. They needed answers, at the the time desperation and survival trumped any opportunity for questions. But now, the danger was over and they remained.
“Ask your questions, I cannot promise I have all the answers you seek.” Zeke relayed.
“How do you know Elias?” They calmly asked.
“I rescued Elias from a band of mountain orcs not far from Hammerforge several years ago, it wasn't long until we realized that the orcs were hired by the Nest of Shadows. We found the scout leader, convinced them to relinquish the job contract and walked away unscathed. Once we got to Hammerforge, we both met another individual, very influential to the area we found out but willing to pay for some small time adventurers to handle some work. Elias was quite brash, wanted to even take on a job to hunt after a Nest leader in a city not far from Hammerforge.” Zeke reminisced.
“Elias was never that reckless,” Leila countered.
“Well, the Elias you know has become a closeted magecrafter and gemologist, fixated on their trinkets and tinkering away in a remote mountain town. When they were younger, they were quite the brazen half-elf.” Zeke chuckled.
“Elias is nearly 60 years old, yet you look like you're still in your twenties.” Leila observed.
“He was once a proud and young half-elf, but that was many years ago.” Zeke continued.
“Again, I find that hard to believe. How would you manage to keep a youthful appearance for so long?” Leila demanded.
Zeke turned around to their right, the right side where the eye patch rested began to faintly glow underneath. “Some might consider a Bliss, but in reality it is a felled curse that keeps me the way I am.”
“Veras asked you which Subject were you, what did they mean by that?” Leila hesitantly asked.
“It's a long story,” Zeke replied.
“It's not like you're going anywhere anytime soon,” they reminded.
Zeke sighed before looking over at the silent determination within Leila's eyes. “Fine, it all started…”
***
There was fire and distant screams, pillars of smoke rose high in the rich green valley. A young boy laid on the dirt road buried under the charred corpses of the other villagers. As they awoke, the pain became apparent but they held their tongue and avoiding shouting into the ash-filled sky. It wasn't safe yet. But the pain was unbearable, the young boy had never experienced so much agony in their entire life. They began to lift the charred but limp limbs of the corpses off him, their blonde hair was drenched in mud and blood. Once they managed to rid themselves of the dead weight, they realized why they felt so much searing pain, their right arm had been broken with part of the bone sticking out of the skin. The boy crawled their way out of the pile of bodies, looking desperate along the burning streets for any sign of life or worse.
The cries and screams died down, the young boy frantically searched the surrounding street corner, their emerald eyes full of fear. A carnal cry resounded down one of the streets, terror and dread gripped the young boy, springing their remaining vigor into action. The sound of leathery wings beating against the air could be heard approaching. Frantically, the boy clawed on the ground, reaching for some forlorn shelter that would allow them to esccape the present hell.
A bat-winged creature landed beside the pile of corpses, its hind legs squatted on the ground while its overbearing forearms caused an odd hunch over it. A bird-like beak with odd whiskers protruding outward, razor sharp teeth extended outward in jagged patterns. It stepped closer and closer to the boy, giving an otherworldly chuckle at the boy's futility. The boy look over their shoulder as the creature approached, hope had died in their eyes as the promise of death stood over him.
Four bolts of blue energy assaulted the creature, pummeling it with arcane ferocity. The creature bellowed in anger as it shifted its focus to the direction of the bolts. The boy could barely make out the silhouette but could see the shape of a robed individual. Words of power were muttered and an emerald orb ejected from the mysterious figure's sleeves toward the winged abomination. The orb exploded and landed on the wings of the creature, the sound as its flesh began to sizzle, it let it a painful cry. It hissed at the figure and went full charge at them with its claws, which were met by an blue aura that seemingly enveloped the figure. The creature in its frustration continued to swing its mighty claws but each time they were met by the odd aura. Another word of power, the ground shook from underneath the creature, the dirt shaped itself into what looked like a large oversized hand and grabbed the creature before it could react in time.
The creature seemed to speak in some unknown language at the mage, the robed figure stood looking at the creature before a series of words. The creature struggled to break out its bindings, runes and sigils formed out of blue energy encircled the creature before a pillar of light engulfed it. The sound of the demon's distant cries could be heard for a good distance from the street intersection. Within an instant, the creature was gone from sight with only the faint echoes of its otherworldly cries. The boy breathed a sigh of relief, their body became fatigued and their will to move onward was stagnated by the relative blood loss and shock of pain.
The figure loomed over the semi-conscious boy, with a raised hand the boy could feel the tug of arcana coursing through him.
“You're alive and safe boy. The village is lost, I can let you die here or if you wish to live, I can give you life. But know this, if you choose to live, your life belongs to me.” The figure's voice was steady and low.
The young boy, delirious from pain, only wanted an end to this nightmare. An end of this moment of misery, but an inner voice beeseched them to live.
“I. Want. To. Live.” The boy muttered.
Another string of arcane words, an azure light enveloped the boy and the robed figure. Once the light faded, the two were gone beyond the village to a place farther than the young boy would ever know.
***
Screams. Pain. If the boy thought the pain from that fateful day from the village was anything, the new pain they felt was beyond mortal comprehension. The smell of incense and bitter liquids permeated in the air, the boy's head was strapped tight against the flat wooden table, their arms and legs were equally bound. The figure loomed over him, waving its bony fingers and whispering more words of power. Scorching pain erupted from their broken right arm, the flesh had melted off the bone, the bone was slowly ground by the mysterious magic. The boy lost consciousness again, how many times they no longer knew or could remember.
Time passed, though the boy knew not how much of it had passed since that fateful day. The pain eventually lessened, either because they had become adjusted to the pain or perhaps it had to with the mysterious figure. Either way, the boy awoke and realized the pain was no longer present. They felt strong, rested even. This was their chance as they surveyed the empty chamber, they tugged and twisted underneath their bindings, the leather straps stretched and the sound of small tears signaled them to tug harder. The boy broke their restraints, noticing right away the metallic arm on their right. They did not have time to be horrified by foul play committed, instead they freed themselves and tried to get off the table towards the doorway. As they stood, their legs gave out due to lethargy from lack of use for gods know how long. They had the strength to crawl their way toward the door and use it as leverage to stand up. Upon inspection, the door was unlocked, which prompted the boy to gentle pry the door open to check for any possible patrols or guards. There were none.
Using the walls to hold their weight up, the boy continued to navigate through the dark hallways, by the touch they were soft carved stone with a curved ceiling above. The boy realized their eyes were quite sharp in the darkness, perhaps they had become accustomed to a dark chamber and it naturally this held true outside of it. At the end of the hall, there was a break of light in the distance, the boy desperately clawed their way over to what opened to a larger chamber. Exhausted, the boy stumbled their way into the large chamber to find bodies scattered across the floor. Splats of fresh blood, the boy cautiously approached one of the corpses. It was a human male, not much younger than him, their eyes were clawed out of their sockets but the thing that preturbed them was the serpentine tail in place of their legs.
In the glow of the ambient light, the boy noticed something odd with their chest. Layers of scars, many of them had been healed while some were still fresh. Looking down they realized that they were taller than they remembered but most importantly that their feet did not resemble human feet anymore. Just like their right arm, their legs were also metallic from their foot to the shins. They did not understand, nothing made any sense. A torrent of memories and images assailed the young boy, the pain their head was too great and they out a cry. The robed figure appeared before the boy, silent and looming as ever.
“You have done well, you continue to amaze me. A worthy specimen.” The figure remarked, a voice cold and sinister compared to the first day they met.
A searing pain came from their right side of their face, their human fingers trailed along the edges and felt the ridges of scarring. A large bulge over their eye, it was different, it felt different. Uncertainty clung to him, a crippling fear as more new horrors continued to unveil themselves. Fatigue began to set in, the boy's vision blurred into blackness, the footsteps of the figure inched closer muttering intangible words. Unconsciousness finally won out, and the boy once again was in a field of darkness.
***
Leila stood silent, their eyes looking down at the roof tiles on the building. It took a great amount of courage to look up at the man before them Their eyes had not faltered, they held a steady resolve that seemed unshakable.
“How did you escape?” They managed.
“The robed stranger had me under a powerful compulsion, but eventually I broke free their control but they escaped before I could kill him.” Zeke replied, a hint of quiet rage lingered in their voice.
“How long have you been hunting him?” Leila solemnly asked.
“Almost three hundred years, I wager,” Zeke divulged.
The weight of their words hung on Leila's mind, three hundred loathing and most likely hatred. They marvelled at the man's resolve and determination in the face of such unnatural horrors. This man had done much for her, they could understand why Elias sent him, and perhaps in some way perhaps they could return the favor.
“Where will you go next?” Leila inquired.
“Wherever the winds go, the road is long and full of perils. My prey is sly and hidden, unseen for nearly a hundred years. I will slay them with the very weapons they forged into me, maybe then I can finally die.” Zeke avowed, their glance seemed distant and beyond the rooftops of Igstanpur.
“Then it's settled, you'll need a partner.” Leila assessed, them cast a playful grin at the warrior.
“I'll be fine, it's not necessary. This is my prey, my hunt. I've done this alone for a long time now.” Zeke growled while glaring at Leila.
The crimson-haired woman continued to smile, “you must be quite bored being on your own, besides I'ved wanted to leave Igstanpur for a while now. So this isn't just for you, it's also for me.”
“Don't complain to me if you get yourself killed,” Zeke protested.
“I can take care of myself,” Leila countered.
Zeke gave a sigh and returned to gaze upon the horizon from the rooftop of the safehouse. The sea breeze felt cool and inviting, where their next adventure would lead them only the gods of fate knew. They would exact their vengeance one day, even if it took another hundred years.
Alright folks! This is the end of our first Anthology from the Land of Magic – Subject Zero, thank you for following along this journey of some of the many characters that occupy Soladis, a Land of Magic. Please like, comment, and share. If you want to stay updated with us, please follow our Facebook and Twitter. We have an Instagram for behind-the-scenes Team BAJA D&D campaign goodies and for board game fun. If you want to help us out, we have a donate button, every little bit helps. Thanks again and look forward to Team BAJA Season 2 in the near future!
Bishop Bobby Davis of Miracle Faith World Outreach Church in Bridgeport, Conn. approached their congregation after a service on Sunday so that they could share something important with them. As it turns out, Davis confessed to them that they had engaged in an affair years ago, and it had been weighing heavily on them emotionally. In the midst of their church members confronting Bishop Davis about what they had to say, they dropped dead in front of the congregation.
According to the Connecticut Post, those present outside of the church during the time of Bishop's confession say it was very loud in the sanctuary, and it didn't seem positive, but members of the church that were inside at the time claim that they were actually shouting out their support to Bishop Davis, not yelling at them negatively. But elder Judy Stovall said the stress of it all and the secret in general caused them to fall out.
“After the service on Sunday the bishop's family asked us to remain in the church and the bishop confessed to us something that happened long ago. They wanted to come clean with all of us. They wanted to ask our forgiveness. We were shouting, `We forgive you, we love you,' but the stress of all of it — they had a heart attack. I held their head as they lay on the floor. Our congregation is hurting now.”
But according to the Christian Post, others that were there claimed Bishop Davis was ambushed and things got messy, so that's what caused the heart attack.
“He (Bishop Davis) had confessed it (infidelity) personally to their wife prior to the service, and they called a meeting after church with just the members and the members stayed. They aren't there at the time, they were somewhere else apparently, neither of them were in the service that morning. They had one of their pastors do the service. From what I was told, they (pastor's wife) told the congregation what they had done. And so, when they come through the door they had no idea what they were walking into. So it wasn't even. ‘We're gonna make an announcement today' … in a unified way as a couple. I'm told that when they walked through the door they basically told him, ‘Tell them what you just told me,' which is what induced the heart attack, because it's not like they were walking into it knowing. They said it and they said, ‘Yes, that's right.' They asked them to say who exactly it was. And they said, ‘Well, it doesn't matter [because] that person has passed. God forgive, let's get past it.' Apparently it was their family members who reacted out in anger, from what I understand. It was not the congregation. It got physical. One of the sons attacked him. I was told one of the daughters poured water on him. It was like something out of, not even like the Old Testament, but a bad reality TV show. My heart is so devastated because it could have been handled in a private manner.”
Bishop Davis was taken to the hospital in Bridgeport, where they were pronounced dead. Bishop Davis had been the leader of Miracle Faith World Outreach Church since it was founded in 1967 and founded the church with their wife.
Interesting enough, Davis was actually a certified marriage and family therapist according to reports, and they and their wife just celebrated their 50th anniversary last summer.
Michael Moore thinks the presidency may very well go to Donald Trump in November.
The director joined Bill Maher for the special convention episode of “Real Time with Bill Maher” Wednesday night and discussed how they think complacency could spell a Trump victory.
“One of the things I've been concerned about this week is we're all sitting in our bubble, having a good laugh at this total, as you said, shitshow, but the truth is that this plays to a lot of people that they have to win to become the next president,” Moore said of the chaos that has unfolded at the Republican National Convention, like when the crowd starting screaming about locking up Hillary Clinton.
“And I have to say, I'm sorry to be the buzzkill here to early on, but I think Trump is gonna win,” Moore said to boos from the crowd, who didn't like the suggestion that the U.S. election could go the way of the Brexit vote.
Maher was glad they spoke out.
“The enemy is complacency,” they said. “Say it every day.”
President Donald Trump's tough trade talk could be causing other countries to take fewer protectionist actions against the U.S., according to a new report on global trade.
America's trading partners have imposed fewer tariffs, duties and limits on U.S. imports since Trump's election, probably fearing retaliation from the Trump administration, according to the London-based Centre for Economic Policy Research's Global Trade Alert report.
The report comes a week before Trump and other G20 nations meet for a conference in Hamburg, Germany. The authors of the report argue that since the G20 has failed to curb protectionist trade practices among its member states, Trump has plenty of ammunition to attack multilateral trade deals and promote U.S. protectionism.
“The G20 countries that had hit U.S. interests more often before President Trump was elected are the very G20 countries that have cut back on protectionism the most in 2017,” Simon Evenett, professor of economics at St. Gallen University in Switzerland and one of the authors of the report, told CNN Money.
“Why should [they] do that unless they feared being singled out for retaliation? These heavy users of protectionism may be signaling that they have gotten the message from the Trump Administration in Washington,” Evenett added.
The G20's efforts to promote free trade and prevent countries from taking protectionist stances simply haven't worked. “President Trump is to trade relations what Uber is to licensed taxis: a disruptive, brash force against which rules and conventional practices pale,” the report says.
The decrease in anti-free trade protectionism by G20 countries has benefitted the entire group, not just the U.S. The countries that usually engage in protectionism have responded to “Trump's shock and awe on trade by resorting to less protectionism outright and, in particular, to much fewer measures that harm US commercial interests.”
The danger, according to the report, is that the U.S. will advance its own protectionist policies and damage the global trading economy, and that the G20's “beggar-thy-neighbor acts will be used as a pretext for all manner of protectionist American initiatives.”
“The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history. Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?,” Trump tweeted Wednesday before departing to Europe to meet with the G20 leaders.
Follow Thomas Phippen on Twitter
Send tips to thomas@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Image: Jeremy Hunter, "Apple Orchard," Pyongyang, August 2011, Digital photograph, 40 inches x 30 inches ©Jeremy Hunter / Telefoto
We continue our tenth anniversary celebration with writing from North Korea. In compiling our September 2003 issue, we discovered North Korean writers can publish only propaganda, and are restricted to official outlets. As this opaque nation becomes more visible, and threatening, on the international stage, we turn for insight to the only writers free to tell the truth: defectors. From the safety of exile, Gwak Moon-an, Jang Jin-sung, Ji Hyun-ah, Kim Sung-min, Kim Yeon-seul, Lee Ji Myung, and Park Gui-ok document famine, corruption, and the soul-crushing pressure on writers to sacrifice art and individuality in the interest of promoting the state. We thank our guest editor, Shirley Lee, who provides an illuminating introduction. Our special section showcases writing in Swahili by Abdilatif Abdalla, Mwenda Mbatiah, and Ken Walibora.
Seattle Mayor Ed Murray, who has been accused by four men of sexually abusing them as teenagers, dropped their bid for re-election on Tuesday, May 9, saying that the scandal would be a distraction from more important issues. (Reuters)
Seattle Mayor Ed Murray declared an end to their long political career Tuesday after struggling for months to refute the latest allegations that they paid teenage boys for sex decades ago.
At an emotional news conference surrounded by friends and supporters Murray, 62, said they would serve out their term, which ends on Dec. 31, but not seek reelection.
“The mayoral race,” the Democratic mayor said at an emotional news conference, “must be focused on the urgent, important issues facing our city, but those are being overshadowed by the false allegations against me, which have hurt the city, my family and Michael,” a reference their husband, Michael Shiosaki.
Describing themselves as a “poor kid” from a Seattle neighborhood “who never even heard the word ‘gay,'” Murray conceded that “this career that has been my life will come to an end on Dec. 31.”
Murray has taken on the anti-Trump “resistance” mantle, sanctioning Seattle's suit against President Trump's crackdown on “sanctuary cities” and describing the Trump White House as “America's first authoritarian administration.”
Their announcement was the climax not just of years but actually decades of accusations against Murray, most of which didn't get publicized until now, which they attributed to people being out to get them because of their strong stands in favor of gay rights and other progressive causes.
One man first went to the police with charges against Murray in 1984, according to the Seattle Times. Police investigated but brought no charges.
They and a second man again approached reporters in 2008 with claims of abuse by Murray. No news organizations chose to publish the story.
The latest round of charges began with a lawsuit by a 44-year-old man alleging that Murray sexually abused them on numerous occasions when they were a crack-cocaine-addicted teen for payments of $10 to $20.
At the time, Murray was in their 30s. The accuser was 15.
“I have been dealing with this for over 30 years,” the man told the Seattle Times, saying they were speaking as part of a “healing process” after years of “shame, the embarrassment, the guilt, the humiliation that I put myself through and that they put me through.”
Murray responded to the suit defiantly, saying “things have never come easy to me in life, but I have never backed down and I will not back down.”
They went so far as to submit to a medical examination of their genital area to show “no trace of a growth or mole,” as described in the lawsuit.
Three more men, all with criminal records, then emerged to say they abused them in the 1980s, paying them for sex when they were underage. One of them was a foster son of Murray who told the Seattle Times that Murray “began sexually abusing them as a 13-year-old and later paid them for sex.”
Their “shocking allegations about the mayor,” as the Times said, “bore similarities” to the story told by the man “of what they said happened to them when they were a crack cocaine-addicted high-school dropout living on the streets of Seattle.”
During the course of the scandal, the Seattle Times felt it had some explaining to do about, as its headline said, “Why we are publishing the allegations against Mayor Ed Murray, but didn't in 2008.”
“Ultimately, we felt we did not have enough information to publish these very serious accusations,” Seattle Times editor Michelle Matassa Flores wrote in the April 7 article.
They added:
We decided we needed to take another look when we learned recently that a Kent man was preparing to sue now-Mayor Murray. A lawsuit of this nature against a public official is news. When a claim is filed in court, the justice system assures the accused of a thorough public examination of any evidence that is presented, along with the opportunity to present a full defense. The filing of the lawsuit is also, in itself, a matter of public interest. When we learned this lawsuit was pending, we therefore began looking into the new allegations, along with the earlier ones. We found no connection between the new accuser, identified in the lawsuit as D.H., and the other men. Our reporting revealed similarities among the three accounts, including some graphic details. We felt readers should know.
Murray in their news conference denied all the accusations, as they have all along.
They “paint me in the worst possible historic portraits of a gay man,” they said. And while they are not true, the scandal “surrounding them and me is hurting this city,” including “all those” who have been victims of abuse.
” … For this reason I am withdrawing as a candidate for mayor. … It tears me to pieces to step away but I believe it is in the best interest of the city I love.”
Serving you as mayor of the city I love has been the honor of a lifetime. — Ed Murray (@MayorEdMurray) May 9, 2017
Murray has been a progressive political activist, champion of gay rights and self-described “social justice Catholic” in Seattle since the 1980s. They have held public office since 1995, when they were appointed to Washington's House of Representatives, serving there until 2006, when they were elected to the state senate.
They were elected mayor in 2013 and was expected to be reelected easily.
[He lobbied for gay rights and opposed Trump — now Seattle's mayor is accused of sexually assaulting minors]
Even some of those they allegedly molested praised them for their record. The man who was Murray's foster son told the Times they thought what Murray “has done for the city of Seattle has been awesome, man. I feel for Seattle. I do. But I think that these are some of the consequences they have to face.
“The consequences that the survivors of them have gone through have been 100 times worse than that.”
The Washington Post does not generally name victims or alleged victims of sexual abuse.
As Tesla prepares to jump into the electric truck market, Daimler is poised and ready to take on the competition.
Daimler, the parent company of Mercedes-Benz, has been investing heavily in the global truck business for years. The German automaker now has five commercial truck brands: Mercedes-Benz Trucks, Freightliner Trucks, Mitsubishi FUSO, Western Star, and BharatBenz.
Freightliner has 40 percent market share in the U.S. heavy-duty vehicle market.
In an April Twitter post, Tesla CEO Elon Musk said that a Tesla semi-truck reveal has been set for September. And that the company's truck team has done “an amazing job. Seriously next level.”
As for a pickup truck, that will be rolling out in 18 to 24 months from April, Musk said.
Tesla is preparing to meet demand in global markets like the U.S., Europe, and China, where vehicle emissions rules are getting tighter. Most of these trucks are diesel powered, which has fallen out of favor during the Volkswagen diesel emissions cheating scandal. Electric trucks are much more viable now with fleet operators.
Daimler is making inroads to the electrified truck market. The company introduced its eCanter light duty electric truck last September. Since then, it has accumulated over 37,000 miles of testing on public roads in Germany and in Portugal.
Full production will be ready for 2019 – the same year the U.S. electric automaker has committed to bring the Tesla Semi to market.
The eCanter can go about 60 miles on a charge, which is considered to be more than adequate for daily urban deliveries. Recharging can take place in about an hour through fast-charging equipment.
Daimler has also been testing out its medium duty Urban eTruck in German. That electric truck will be launched in the market during 2020, the vehicle maker said.
Related: Solar And Wind Revolution Happening Much Faster Than Expected
Tesla has been in competition in the trucking space for a while now. Last year in July, Musk confirmed that Jerome Guillen was in charge of the Tesla Semi program. Guillen had been a longtime engineer at Daimler, and had led the development of the successful Cascadia truck.
Marc Llistosella, head of Daimler Trucks Asia, isn't concerned that Tesla can bump Daimler out of the trucking space.
“In trucks, of course [Elon Musk's] stepping into it, but we don't see them as someone who is threatening us because you need a whole infrastructure. You need dealerships, you need infrastructure, you need maintenance,” Listosella told the press this week.
There's a clear distinction between consumer goods like the Tesla Model S and upcoming Model 3 – and industrial goods like the Tesla Semi or the Mercedes-Benz Urban eTruck.
Daimler is ready for the competition, they said, and will stand out in that market.
“In class 8, with Freightliner, we are the #1 in America, so we have something to defend,” Llistosella said. “In the smaller ones, the game is just starting.”
They do see the appeal of electric trucks showing up in their lifespan benefits.
The total cost of owning an electric truck can be significantly lower than a diesel truck once lower costs of maintenance and the diesel fuel are factored in.
Daimler wants to be ready to meet that growing demand.
By Jon LeSage for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com:
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Hope of finding the ARA San Juan with surviving crew members has faded
The Argentine navy says it has abandoned attempts to rescue 44 crew members on board a submarine that disappeared two weeks ago.
"Despite the magnitude of the efforts made, it has not been possible to locate the submarine," navy spokesperson Enrique Balbi said on Thursday.
The sub, the ARA San Juan, last made contact on Wednesday 15 November.
Hopes of finding survivors faded after a suspected explosion was heard near its last-known location.
Why has the navy made this decision?
Capt Balbi said the search for the submarine had been "extended to more than double the number of days that determine the possibilities of rescuing the crew".
Their comment refers to the estimated period that it is thought the crew could have survived in the submerged vessel.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Enrique Balbi said that the "phase has changed" in the search for the missing sub
Capt Balbi said that the navy was not able to confirm the fate of the crew, and no evidence of a shipwreck was found in the search area.
They said that the search operation, involving numerous vessels and other submarines, was now a hunt for a wreck on the seabed in the area where the ARA San Juan is believed to have vanished.
How have the crew's relatives reacted?
At the Mar Del Plata naval base, both relatives and naval colleagues of those missing broke down upon hearing the news, reported La Nación newspaper, with doctors rushing to the aid of the most distraught.
Many relatives urged authorities to continue searching vigorously.
"We want them to keep looking, to find the bodies, we need this to begin grieving," said Yolanda Mendiola, mother of Petty Officer Leandro Cisneros.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The relatives of the sub's crew reacted to the news with sorrow, anger, suspicion - and some with enduring hope
Some angrily accused authorities of allowing them to learn the news from the television, and of wanting to "leave the kids lying in the middle of the sea". Others held prayer groups and expressed hope that the crew might still be found alive.
Some voiced suspicion. "I want to know what happened and I do not believe in any of the official hypotheses," Luis Tagliapietra, whose son was on board, told the TN news channel. "I have no words for it," they said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption As hopes faded for the sub, angry relatives said the search operation had been inadequate
What happened to the sub?
The ARA San Juan was returning from a routine mission to Ushuaia, near the southernmost tip of South America, when it reported an "electrical breakdown".
According to naval commander Gabriel Galeazzi, the submarine surfaced and reported what was described as a "short circuit" in the vessel's batteries.
The sub was ordered to cut its mission short and return to the naval base in Mar del Plata immediately.
The Argentine navy's last contact with the vessel was at approximately 07:30 (10:30 GMT) on 15 November, at which point its captain reportedly confirmed that the crew were well.
Eight days after the sub vanished, the Vienna-based Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty Organisation said that it had detected a noise a few hours after the sub's last contact.
The body, which operates a network of listening posts to monitor nuclear explosions, said that there had been a "hydro-acoustic anomaly" about 30 nautical miles (60km) north of the sub's last-known position at 10:31 (13:31 GMT).
The Argentine navy said it could have been the sound of the submarine imploding.
On Tuesday, Capt Balbi told reporters that water had entered the submarine's snorkel, which can be used to take in air from above the surface when the submarine is submerged.
The saltwater dripped onto a battery tray in the prow, causing the battery to short circuit and to smoulder, they said. The sub had reported the fault and had been ordered back to base but then disappeared.
Who was on board?
The submarine, with its 44 crew, set off under the command of Pedro Martín Fernández.
Forty-three of the crew were men but there was also one woman, Eliana María Krawczyk. The 35-year-old was the first female officer in Argentina to serve on a submarine.
The rest of the crew were submariners of varying ages and experience.
Who are the crew of missing Argentine submarine?
Image caption The crew of the ARA San Juan comprises 43 men and one woman
The sub's engineer, Hernán Rodríguez, had been working with the ARA San Juan for 11 years.
An international search mission has seen the deployment of 4,000 personnel from more than a dozen countries.
Argentine President Mauricio Macri has ordered a probe into the sub's disappearance.
MotionSim1 Truck Sim
Full Motion Truck and Bus Simulators for Driver Training
This exciting new range of truck and bus driver training devices from CKAS Mechatronics revolutionises the industry standards of commercial driver training. These units offer incredible fidelity at sensational value, replicating typical truck and bus configurations, ranging from prime movers, rigids, B-Doubles, Triples, Semi-Articulated trucks and buses, with automatic or manual transmissions of most types, in Left or Right Hand Drive configurations. These units are not simply road rule trainers only for beginners - they can be used effectively to actually teach a person how to drive a heavy commercial vehicle correctly, under normal and emergency conditions, and the use of a high fidelity motion simulator such as this has been proven to reduce the fleet fuel bill by up to 15% when used in training and re-currency . The CKAS MotionSim units must be experienced to be understood fully.
Below is an example of a CKAS 6DOF MotionSim1 Truck Simulator unit delivered to one of China's largest national fleet operators.
Layout
The MotionSim1 Truck Sim units come in Left Hand Drive (LHD) or Right Hand Drive (RHD) as pictured, and include all the typical controls required of a simulation device for all levels of training either for a driving school or a fleet operator. These devices are designed to revolutionise the truck and bus training industries, by providing very high fidelity "aviation" style next generation simulators to the commercial driving sector, at a very affordable price point for all operators. These units offer an unparalleled value not available in any other device world wide, with pricing models developed with smaller training schools and operators in mind.
The MotionSim1 Truck Sim units are designed and built in an extremely compact framework, which allows them to be installed into the tightest of spaces, including mobile applications such as specialised trailers or on trucks for mobile training centres. The power requirements are typical domestic/office power, with no special requirements.
Visual System
All MotionSim1 Truck Sim units are supplied with a 180° wrap around 3 x Full HD visual system which creates a stunning visual field. The visual system covers the cabin windows completely to create a true "inside cabin" and "outside world" effect which needs to be experienced to be fully understood. The visual scene features industry leading graphics and lighting effects, to create the highest realism. The content of the scene includes typical cityscapes, streetscapes, highways, rural areas, off road and can all be localised to any location around the world if required.
Motion
All our MotionSim units are mounted on a 6DOF Motion System (the highest level of motion technology, often only reserved for aviation simulators) - for the MotionSim1 Truck Sim units, CKAS use the zero maintenance, well proven and ultra reliable W6s. This motion system produces a super smooth high fidelity response to give ALL the important cues when performing driver training. This unit is true full motion - true 6 degree of freedom - an unparalleled achievement for this category of device.
Controls
All MotionSim1 Truck Sim units are supplied with the proven CKAS WheelLDR professional control loading system ("force feedback") on a genuine full size truck/bus steering wheel. The WheelLDR is an extremely high fidelity electric servomotor based control loader which would more typically be found on multimillion dollar flight simulators. The feel of the steering wheel can only be described as "identical to the real thing", offering very large amounts of force, vibration, rumbles and other high force events, at just the right time, as in the real truck or bus.
Further to this, the MotionSim1 Truck SIm devices also come equipped with genuine vehicle pedals for accelerator, brake and clutch.
All MotionSim1 Truck SIm units come with either an automatic transmission, or a typical manual transmission (with a selectable automatic transmission mode). CKAS can custom-build specific transmission types (such as Eaton Fuller Roadranger) to ensure the students can practice critical gear changing skills to reduce wear on the fleet transmissions if required.
Cockpit Configuration
The dashboard configuration of the MotionSim1 Truck Sim units is based on a generic truck/bus type with generic controls to cover the widest of training requirements. The entire dashboard is made up of genuine truck components to increase the realism and maintain the highest level of immersion for the student driver. All typical driving controls are present, including a working radio, so that complete training can be carried out.
The dashboard instruments are genuine generic truck or bus instruments, and behave as the genuine units would, supporting a positive training outcome, and allowing trainers to teach students the correct methods for driving trucks and buses.
The complex non-linear side mirrors of a truck or bus are also simulated in the visual field, giving the student excellent opportunity to learn how to manoeuvre a truck or bus, including reversing manoeuvres into cargo docks.
Training Software and Instructor Station
All MotionSim1 Truck Sim units are supplied with a full featured training system with dozens of included training scenarios, relating to such topics as eco driving, reversing, risk management and many others. The instructor can choose to load a scenario and introduce external events such as varying weather, time of day, truck failures, punctures and many others, or the session can be completely run in a fully automatic assessment method, outputting a final result at the end.
Further to this, student management or LMS can be supplied and provided which is integrated into the training software, in order to track and manage student performance over time - especially relevant for auditing of training and assessment.
Costing
The CKAS MotionSim1 Truck Sim units have been specifically designed as incredibly versatile training tools for ALL training organisations and fleet operators, and as such, CKAS is sensitive to the limited budgets and margins of many smaller operators. These units are intended to provide all the next generation features in a single training tool to allow all operators the opportunity to train their drivers to the highest level, and achieve safety and fuel usage improvements across the fleet. These units are affordable, and high fidelity, making them the best value solution.
Contact us for all sales enquiries related to Commercial Driver Training Sales including the exciting MotionSim Series
OEM's, Software providers and other Simulator Builders
The CKAS MotionSim1 Truck Sim units have been purposely designed so they can be provided as a "hardware only" solution to OEM manufacturers, driver training software providers, and all other simulator builders. CKAS can provide ALL the hardware seen in the video above (without the PC's and software), including all the interface control descriptions, cables, power supplies and looms, so that any simulator builder can quickly interface to the system with their own software solution and build an incredible fidelity simulator for the truck and bus industry. Please contact us directly about pricing and options for this kind of solution if you are a simulator builder.
A privacy breach blunder has resulted in personal details of more than 600 females, some as young as 13, who had abortions in the central North Island being given to a reporter.
The data was mistakenly released by a junior staff member at the Lakes District Health Board who was assisting on an official information request made by the newspaper.
The personal medical information from 2011-13 confirms the terminations took place in Tokoroa Hospital, Thames Hospital and Waikato Hospital.
The medical information includes dates of birth, National Health Index numbers, ethnic descriptions, termination details and the suburb in the town where the women live.
The Ministry of Health is investigating and the health board has apologised for the breach.
Lakes DHB chief executive Ron Dunham said it was deeply disappointing that an Excel document containing coded patient information was handed to the reporter.
"Although the women cannot be identified by the coded information released we are taking the situation seriously," they said.
"The DHB is working closely with the Ministry of Health and the Privacy Commissioner. I understand the concern this will cause for the affected women and I apologise for this."
A full review will be carried out by Lakes DHB supported by the Ministry of Health.
A spokesperson at the Office of the Privacy Commissioner said those who thought their privacy had been breached could make a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner.
The most common feature among reported breaches is human error or carelessness. Nearly half of the reported data breaches involved physical information sent to the wrong entity or sent out in the wrong form, and a significant variety of email error events.
Last year former justice minister Judith Collins said mandatory reporting of data breaches to the Privacy Commissioner were being considered as part of Privacy Act review and overhaul.
Advances in technology since the Privacy Act was enacted in 1993 had dramatically changed how personal information was collected, stored and shared by businesses and government agencies. The reforms would put the onus on information holders to identify and address risks before they occurred, Collins said.
"Large amounts of personal information are now stored online and transmitted digitally - this has benefits, but also poses potential risks. It's now possible for huge amounts of data to be released in a single privacy breach, potentially affecting large numbers of people."
Figures from the Privacy Commission show breaches have been on the rise in the past six years.
A dedicated helpline has been set up by Lakes DHB for people concerned their privacy may have been breached. Anyone with concerns can call 0800 525 371.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OKLAHOMA CITY - Tens of thousands of Americans are up in arms about a federal government ban on an herbal stimulant they said has changed their lives.
It's called Kratom, and faithful users are organizing around the country.
They said the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency has stepped over the line, calling the plant dangerous and addictive.
America has a serious problem with drug addiction.
The CDC now labels the trend epidemic, as drug overdose deaths rise year after year.
Prescription pain pills and heroin are the top killers, stealing more lives than car crashes.
In America, drugs kill 50,000 people a year.
But, a growing number of opioid addicts and chronic pain patients are turning to a plant called Kratom to get off the pills.
"The first time I tried Kratom was the last time I took a pain pill. I'm proud to tell you," said Kratom user Wesley Todd in a recent YouTube post.
Native to Southeast Asia, in the same family as the coffee plant, Ratom, they said, is changing their lives.
"I say it all the time: it saved my life, Kratom saved my life," said Justeen Cosar of Midwest City, Oklahoma.
Cosar has fibromyalgia, carpal tunnel, degenerative discs in their back, nerve impingement, migraine headaches and depression.
They live in constant, debilitating, excruciating pain.
"You feel like you can't go on," Cosar said. "I have to choose. I have to choose to go on."
Cosar has spent the better part of two decades on prescription painkillers, including darvocet, fentanyl, demerol, oxycontin, percocet, suboxone, lortab (vicodin, norco) and morphine.
They said they are not an addict.
Them lifelong cocktail of narcotics has always been prescribed by a doctor.
But, pharmaceutical relief comes with terrible side effects.
"I have had to change absolutely my entire lifestyle. Chronic pain effects everything that you do, your daily life, your relationships with yourself, with God, with others," Cosar said.
They heard about Kratom from a friend.
They buy dry-leaf powder online and then mixes it into tea in the mornings and capsules in the afternoons.
Them pain is gone.
Cosar is almost completely off pain medications, down 75 percent from what they used to take.
"This substance may be a better alternative. It might be the best alternative that we have at this point that humankind has to opiate addiction and for treatment for people who live with chronic pain."
Some said Kratom kills.
The DEA tracks overdose statistics.
They blame Kratom for more than a dozen deaths, including Denver resident Guy Garcia, 36.
Their family believes they died from using Kratom.
The DEA cracked down.
In August, the DEA announced the agency would classify the herb as a schedule 1 controlled substance, in the company of heroin, LSD and ecstasy.
Those substances have no medical use and a high potential for abuse.
"Some people described literally like taking a fistful of pain pills. It sent them into a powerful relaxation. Their problems were over. Concerns are gone, a euphoric feeling," said Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics spokesperson Mark Woodward.
The OBN considered a state-wide ban a few years ago.
But, the agency decided to wait, because there's been just one citizen complaint and Kratom hasn't been a major problem in Oklahoma.
"We held off, because we said we want to watch it. If this starts to become a problem, we would go back to our legislature and deal with it," Woodward said.
When the DEA announced an emergency federal ban, the Kratom world exploded with anger and frustration.
Kratom users united on social media.
They begged legislators to reason with the DEA.
"I plead with you guys," Todd said. "Please, keep Kratom legal in the United States."
"I am a fully functional member of society, and I am heartbroken (Kratom) is going to be taken away from us," said a YouTube poster who calls themselves Kratom Hippie.
"If you're damn short-sighted enough to make something illegal that helps so many people, you really haven't thought it through," said a YouTube poster who calls themselves carpo719.
Kratom found support in Congress when more than 50 lawmakers penned a letter to the agency to take a step back.
And, it worked.
The DEA backed off the ban.
READ: DEA withdrawal request for emergency ban
"In my mind, it's a little bit ridiculous, because a human being growing a plant and harvesting and using it for medicine is basically one of the most natural things we can do," said Oklahoma Libertarian Party member Dax Ewbank. "For the government to come and outlaw that is really absurd. To try and enforce that is even more absurd. Putting people in prison for that and punishing them for if it is really, cruelly absurd."
In Oklahoma, Kratom isn't that easy to find.
NewsChannel 4 found just one retailer in south Oklahoma City: Little house of Kratom.
Manager Blaine Nowak is watching the news for word about the ban.
He'll trash their stash if it goes into effect.
If it happens, they think their customers will go back to heroin or pain pills.
"Undoubtedly," Nowak said. "They will go back to their bad habits, because they can't get the thing that was helping them stay away from it."
The DEA is now asking for public input before deciding how to proceed.
Electronic comments: The Drug Enforcement Administration encourages all comments be submitted electronically through the Federal eRulemaking Portal, which provides the ability to type short comments directly into the comment field on the web page or attach a file for lengthier comments. Please, go to www.regulations.gov and follow the online instructions at that site for submitting comments. Upon completion of your submission, you will receive a Comment Tracking Number for your comment. Please, be aware submitted comments are not instantaneously available for public view.
Paper comments: Paper comments that duplicate the electronic submission are not necessary and are discouraged. Should you wish to mail a paper comment in lieu of an electronic comment, it should be sent via regular or express mail to: Drug Enforcement Administration, Attn: DEA Federal Register Representative/ODW, 8701 Morrissette Drive, Springfield, Virginia 22152.
DEA will consider all public comments received as well as FDA's scientific and medical evaluation and scheduling recommendation Kratom.
Who, What, Why: Why does the military insist on saluting?
Image copyright Getty Images
The UK's Ministry of Defence has issued a reminder to young officers to salute their superiors. But when did this form of greeting originate and why is it used, asks Justin Parkinson.
The salute is often thought to date back to Roman times, but there is no evidence that soldiers raised their hand as a formal greeting.
Another theory is that it originated in medieval Europe, when knights used their hands to raise their visors, revealing their identity to demonstrate they were friendly. This explanation is also regarded with scepticism.
The answer It is likely to have developed from the custom of lifting one's hat to a superior officer
The Royal Navy's "palm down" salute is thought to have started because mechanics and others had dirty hands
The US military's salute is thought to have been inspired by this
It later became British Army tradition for privates and non-commissioned officers to remove their hat to greet officers. Junior officers did the same to their seniors. This apparently ended in the 18th Century because of concerns over excessive wear to headgear or hats becoming more cumbersome. A 1745 British order book states: "The men are ordered not to pull off their hats when they pass an officer, or to speak to them, but only to clap up their hands to their hats and bow as they pass."
The British Army developed a salute with the palm facing outwards, also used by the Royal Air Force. The Royal Navy, however, adopted a version with the palm facing downwards, thought to be because many men working on ships had dirty palms and to display them was disrespectful.
The salute works both as a mark of recognition for the Queen's commission awarded to officers and for seniority of rank, says Simon Lamb, of the British Veterans Recognition Card group. It is important that the senior person returns the salute to acknowledge the respect accorded, they argue.
The Royal Navy's form of salute is thought to have influenced the US military, whose version also involves the palm facing downwards.
Etiquette is important. In September last year, US President Barack Obama was criticised for saluting a marine as they left a helicopter while continuing to hold a cup of coffee. "It has been said that a sloppy salute is worse than not saluting at all," says the US Coast Guard Auxiliary, which, like many other non-military organisations, also salutes.
With the UK military becoming increasingly engaged in operations involving two or more of the armed forces, junior officers are said to have become confused over differing ranks and when to salute. So the UK Ministry of Defence has issued a chart explaining rankings and the insignia worn.
"In one's own service the pecking order will be pretty well understood - after all, it is drummed into you from day one of basic training," it says, adding that "protocol might not be so obvious" when services work together.
Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox
A human embryonic stem cell line derived at Stanford University is seen in this handout photo released to Reuters by the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine, March 9, 2009. The line was derived under controlled conditions that could make the cells useful for transplantation. The nuclei in green are stained for a protein that is found only in embryonic stem cells while blue represents the DNA of the surrounding feeder cells. U.S. President Barack Obama lifted restrictions on federal funding of human embryonic stem cell research, angering abortion opponents but cheering those who believe the study could produce treatments for many diseases.
A human embryonic stem cell line derived at Stanford University is seen in this handout photo released to Reuters by the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine, March 9, 2009. The line was derived under controlled conditions that could make the cells useful for transplantation. The nuclei in green are stained for a protein that is found only in embryonic stem cells while blue represents the DNA of the surrounding feeder cells. U.S. President Barack Obama lifted restrictions on federal funding of human embryonic stem cell research, angering abortion opponents but cheering those who believe the study could produce treatments for many diseases. Reuters/Julie Baker/Stanford University School of Medicine/California Institute for Regenerative Medicine
Scientists have found a way to possibly reverse ageing through the destruction of a particular group of DNA. This means that aside from delaying the normal processes involved in ageing, diseases including cancer, Alzheimer's disease and diabetes may also be slowed through this new discovery.
The study published in ScienceDaily involved the investigation of the genetic mutations in Werner syndrome, which is a group of disorders characterised by premature ageing and death. The scientists, who came from the Salk Institute and the Chinese Academy of Science, discovered that the gene alterations in Werner syndrome led to the disintegration of DNA packages called heterochromatin. This new discovery, made possible through advance stem cell and gene-altering technologies, is said to pave the way for new studies that will delve into the reversal of ageing through the prevention of heterochromatin damage.
"Our findings show that the gene mutation that causes Werner syndrome results in the disorganisation of heterochromatin, and that this disruption of normal DNA packaging is a key driver of ageing," said senior author Juan Carlos Izpisua Belmonte. "This has implications beyond Werner syndrome, as it identifies a central mechanism of aging--heterochromatin disorganisation--which has been shown to be reversible."
Werner syndrome roots from the alteration of a gene called WRN, which creates the WRN protein. Because previous studies were not able to elaborate how mutated WRN proteins deteriorate DNA at the cellular level, they worked on determining the exact mechanisms involved. Initially, the researchers deleted the WRN gene in human stem cells of a Werner syndrome cellular model. This then enabled the scientists to observe how cells that swiftly age act in the laboratory. The recreated cells imitated the genetic changes in Werner syndrome; thus, it aged rapidly. In addition, the scientists also discovered that the same intervention impaired the structure of heterochromatin, which is found the nucleus of the cell.
The complex molecular mechanisms of cells are highly controlled by the tightly bundled DNA. Chemical markers called epigenetic tags control the structure of the heterochromatin; once altered, it may lead to either gene silence or expression due to changes in molecular architecture.
For this study, the researchers found that removing WRN genes can result in the disarray of heterochromatin. More specifically, they discovered that when the protein merges with the structural support of heterochromatin, direct relationships between WRN proteins and heterochromatin damage can finally be established.
"Our study connects the dots between Werner syndrome and heterochromatin disorganisation, outlining a molecular mechanism by which a genetic mutation leads to a general disruption of cellular processes by disrupting epigenetic regulation," said Izpisua Belmonte. "More broadly, it suggests that accumulated alterations in the structure of heterochromatin may be a major underlying cause of cellular aging. This begs the question of whether we can reverse these alterations--like remodeling an old house or car--to prevent, or even reverse, age-related declines and diseases."
Further investigations on the relationship between heterochromatin disintegration and ageing shall be conducted, said Belmonte. The link between the new discovery and the other cellular changes in ageing, such as shortening of telomeres, should be looked at. Finally, ageing and disease-related editing of epigenetic mutations are currently being developed, Belmonte added.
To contact the writer, email rinadoctor00@gmail.com.
Simpich writes: "My new book, State Secret: Wiretapping in Mexico City, Double Agents, and the Framing of Lee Oswald, tells the story of a Soviet defector who returned to the United States and how they were closely watched over the final four years of their life."
The Oswalds left Minsk for the United States in June 1962. Just over a year later, Oswald was accused of assassinating John F. Kennedy. (photo: National Archives)
State Secret: The Framing of Lee Oswald
By Bill Simpich, Reader Supported News
y new book, State Secret: Wiretapping in Mexico City, Double Agents, and the Framing of Lee Oswald, tells the story of a Soviet defector who returned to the United States and how they were closely watched over the final four years of their life. I examine the plans to kill Castro during this era; the operations surrounding the Cuban consulate in Mexico City in 1963; and how things went haywire when Oswald was impersonated in Mexico City two months before the Kennedy assassination.
I hope to tell the State Secret story on a recurring basis in these pages over the coming months. The 50th anniversary of the Warren Report in September 2014 will set the stage for the battle to convince the National Archives to fully release the JFK files by 2017. New documents released – after years of enormous political struggle – indicate that Oswald was impersonated in Mexico City just weeks prior to the assassination. If the reason for the Oswald impersonation can be resolved, we will be much closer to a solution to the assassination mystery.
Oswald was monitored by three counterintelligence teams in the last four years of their life
The Oswald story is dominated by wiretaps and spies. When Lee Oswald went to visit the Soviet Union in 1959, they visited the American embassy and told the consul about their intention to defect. Oswald announced their intentions in an exaggerated manner, accurately assuming that the American embassy was being wiretapped by Soviets and that no private conversation was possible. Although the USSR refused to grant them citizenship, they allowed them to stay on an open-ended basis.
From the time of Oswald's arrival in the USSR in 1959 to the end of their life in 1963, three different counterintelligence teams were watching him.
One team was the molehunters from the offices of legendary counterintelligence (CI) chief James Angleton. State Secret reveals how Angleton's team looked for ways to use the Oswald file to hunt "moles" trying to infiltrate the CIA.
The second team came from the CIA's Soviet Russia division, which spent much of its time analyzing defectors from the USSR. A tip from one team member convinced J. Edgar Hoover that Oswald might have been impersonated during 1960 – something Hoover certainly did not want publicly known after JFK's death in 1963.
Three CI teams continued to watch Oswald after their return to the USA in 1962. ( Click for full image .)
The third team was a husband-and-wife team known as the Potockis. Anita and Will Potocki were personally loyal to the CIA's wiretap chief Bill Harvey, going back to their days together in Berlin when they tapped the Soviet embassy. Anita was Harvey's chief aide at the wiretap division known as Staff D. Bill's title was “CI/OPS,” indicating that they worked in the operations group in Angleton's division. The Potockis had access to the two most sensitive divisions of the CIA – the ones that ran the wiretaps and molehunts.
What it means to be a defector
The mystery surrounding Lee Harvey Oswald can be dispelled by a meditation on what it means to be a defector. For a spy, a defector is a potential treasure who is worthy of the closest scrutiny. Many things can be learned from the secrets that a defector provides about their former country, as well as their reaction to their new home. Most people do not simply renounce their original country, even if they move away.
When Oswald defected to the Soviet Union in 1959, it was a closed society behind an Iron Curtain. One estimate was that there were maybe twenty Americans available as sources in the entire USSR. American intelligence wanted to know everything there was to know about the Soviet Union.
A re-defector is an extremely rare bird. To defect is an enormous upheaval. Many personal bonds are strained or broken. Most people think long and hard before defecting to another country. Very few people go back on their decision.
James Angleton, Chief of Counterintelligence Staff at CIA from 1954 to 1974
In the words of CIA counterintelligence chief James Angleton, whose office followed Oswald throughout the Soviet Union and the last four years of their life, the re-defection of Oswald should have been “the highest priority for the intelligence community.” Although Angleton tried to deny that they had any serious interest in Oswald, their office tracked a lot of paper regarding the man before the assassination.
After Oswald returned, they were surrounded by spooky people with intelligence backgrounds for the rest of their life. They had a lot to offer. Even their casual conversation provided new insights to sift through and ponder.
Their time in the Soviet Union could also be used to provide protective coloration if they wanted to impress left-wingers with their knowledge, or impress right-wingers by realizing the error of their ways.
Oswald was impersonated in Mexico City just weeks before the assassination
A year after Oswald's return to the United States, they and their Soviet-born wife applied for visas to return to the Soviet Union to be with their wife's family during the birth of their second child, due to arrive in October 1963. After failing to obtain visas from the Soviet embassy in Washington DC, Oswald tried their luck by going to Mexico City and seeing if they could obtain visas there.
During their visit to Mexico City, wiretap tapes were created of a man calling themselves Oswald and a woman identified as Cuban consulate secretary Sylvia Duran calling the Soviet consulate. After the JFK assassination, the CIA insisted that these tapes had been destroyed prior to the assassination.
However, during the 1990s, two Warren Commission staffers admitted that these tapes were played for them during their Mexico City visit in April 1964. After this admission, Mexico City case officer Anne Goodpasture changed their story and admitted their role in disseminating the tapes after the assassination.
State Secret examines the evidence that both Oswald and Duran were impersonated on these tapes. I believe that Goodpasture realized during September 1963 that someone had found out about the CIA's Mexico City wiretap operation. The impersonation of Oswald and Duran meant that the Agency had to take action to ensure its internal security. The story discusses how Goodpasture got together with the offices of covert action chief Dick Helms and CI chief Jim Angleton and launched an operation to try to figure out who had done it and why.
It all blew up in their faces on 11/22/63, when the man who had been impersonated was named as JFK's assassin. When President Kennedy was shot down in Dallas, the CIA and their colleagues at the FBI were effectively blackmailed.
If their Oswald memos written prior to the assassination had been made public in the wake of JFK's death, public reaction would have been furious.
If word had gotten out that CIA officers knew that Oswald had been impersonated prior to the assassination, this would imply both that Oswald had been set up for the assassination (which was presumably carried out by others), and that the CIA could have prevented JFK's death if it had reacted differently. The response would have been tectonic.
Prior to the assassination, the CIA Mexico City station concealed from its own headquarters that Oswald had visited the Cuban consulate, while reporting that Oswald had contacted the Soviet consulate. HQ responded in a similar manner by concealing from Mexico City Oswald's history as a pro-Castro activist. The reason why has been a state secret. Similarly, the tapes had to be buried to hide the fact that the man introduced themselves to the Soviets as “Lee Oswald,” but it was not Oswald's voice. This has also been a state secret.
The cover-up of the president's death is a state secret. The tale of the Mexico City tapes is a state secret. Much of the history of the United States is hidden from us, behind a wall of overclassifications and redactions. By comparison, we know more about the JFK case than I ever thought was possible. Much more of it sits in the National Archives and on the websites of the Mary Ferrell Foundation, the Poage Legislative Library at Baylor, the Harold Weisberg Archive at Hood College, the National Security Archive, the presidential libraries, and many more locations, waiting for us to read it, sift through it, and analyze it. The hyperlinks in this story enable the reader to view the original documents and engage in the hunt. Are we interested in serious work, or would we rather argue about it as a form of entertainment?
The JFK case is not an insoluble mystery, but more of a steeplechase. What we need is access to our history and a passion for tough-minded analysis. It's not a lot different than a clear-eyed examination of the roots of war, or what it will take to end world hunger or global warming. Errico Malatesta was a well-known Spanish agitator who spoke throughout Europe about their vision for a better world. Malatesta would often suggest that “everything depends on what the people are capable of wanting.”
Bill Simpich
The entirety of State Secret can be read online at the Mary Ferrell Foundation.
Pregnant woman, two others shot in Sanford drive-by
At least 30 shots were fired at a crowd of people in the yard of a home in the 1400 block of 14 t h Street about 2:20 a.m. where police found three victims, according to spokesperson Sgt. Dave Morgenstern.
Sanford Police are looking for a vehicle that may have been involved in a Wednesday morning drive-by shooting that injured three people, including a pregnant woman who was grazed by a bullet, officials said.
Two men and a pregnant woman were taken to local hospitals with non-life-threatening injuries, they said.
All the victims were listed in stable condition. The woman, who is one-month pregnant, was grazed, Morgenstern said.
They said the shooter or shooters were inside a silver, gray or gold-looking vehicle, possibly a Toyota or Honda. They possibly attacked with semiautomatic weapons.
One witness, who identified themselves as the boyfriend of the female victim, said the gunshots had two distinctly different sounds.
They said they heard what sounded like a explosion followed by a succession of rapid fire pops.
The Sarasota man said they were visiting the home with their girlfriend when the shooting occurred. They had a fragment of the bullet left in their head where it scraped them near the ear.
Their cousin was also shot in the hand and abdomen. The other male victim was shot in the leg.
Morgenstern said police have responded to similar incidents in the neighborhood before.
A 17-year-old is still recovering from gunshot wounds they suffered Monday morning during another shooting just one block away. They were not identified.
Detectives determined the shots in that case came from a silver, four-door vehicle driven by one person, Morgenstern said. Police said they do not know whether the two shootings are linked.
Residents with information are asked to call Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477.
arehernandez@tribune.com or 407-420-5471
This was my first reddit Secret Santa. I did not know what to expect. But I was checking my mailbox on a regular basis to check if my gift was there. As I was leaving my apartment today I went to my regular check up in the mailbox and there it was: a package notice - I said to myself this is it - my secret santa gift has been arrived. I went down the pickup location to get my package. All the way down I was creating scenarios in my head what I could be: what if it's a snake? or maybe a ton of glitter? Went to the counter, gave them the ref. nr, got my package. As soon as I got out of the building I tear apart the Amazon package. As I was making my way home I was unwrapping everything I could possible find in the package. I got a Infographic book - full with visuals and best stuff out there - I am an infographic nerd and graphic designer by trade - I guess my Secret Santa did a bit of research on me and discovered that! The second package had a very weird note that was like "Sending you a little holiday snow" - and I was like "how can you send snow?" at first. I was really getting into the mindset that I received literally snow. You know you can send a potato through mail post now days so why snow would not be possible? I unwrapped and it was Jon Snow. Classic. Thank you Santa Laura!
It looks like Democratic Senate candidate Doug Jones is having a bit of fun with one of their Republican challengers.
Former Chief Justice Roy Moore rolled into Montgomery ahead of tonight's debate against challenger Luther Strange in a campaign bus prominently featuring a web address playing off their slogan "Alabama Deserves Moore."
A typo on the address, as you can see in these photos, show the web address was mistakenly listed as "Alabamaderservesmoore.com," misspelling the word "deserves."
The website initially came back as invalid but it didn't take long for Jones or one of their supporters to capitalize on the error.
The website www.alabamaderservesmoore.com now directs you to Jones' campaign website, https://dougjonesforsenate.com.
Moore's campaign told WSFA the bus and the wrap with the typo is operated by Great American Alliance, Moore's Super PAC. The typo was later covered up with a decal, according to media reports.
Maria is one half of the podcast Magic the Amateuring. When she's not working on the podcast, she's probably in an improv show, speaking Welsh, or thinking about popcorn. Rakdos is the true nature of their heart.
A lot of my childhood was spent getting scraped knees on playgrounds in my neighborhood. And what was the surest way to a scraped knee?
Those spinny playground things.
You know what I'm talking about—you pushed them around and then jumped on, often falling off or losing your lunch. They were amazing. Apparently, they're called "roundabouts," which I discovered after searching "spinny playground thing" (which was auto-completed, by the way).
Much like a roundabout, Magic cards give me that same childlike rush of joy. They're also similar in another way: they rotate. Not quite in the same way, but still.
Even if you didn't live through hundreds of harrowing hours on a roundabout, don't worry! You can still revel in the joy of rotation.
"What do you mean by 'rotation'?" you ask, confused not only by the term but also by my wafer-thin metaphor.
I'm glad you asked! With the release of every new large set, cards in Magic rotate out of Standard (meaning they are no longer legal to play in that format) and enter what I like to call the Retirement Zone.
The Retirement Zone isn't as geriatric as its name implies, nor is it a new horror-twist-flick from M. Night Shyamalan. (Now that I think of it...call me, M. Night.) Lots of great things can happen in the Retirement Zone. Even if a card is no longer legal in Standard, that doesn't mean it won't be totally amazing in some other formats like Modern, Commander, Cube, or even Legacy or Vintage.
The next rotation cycle triggers when Shadows over Innistrad is released on April 8, 2016. Here's what happens:
Cards from Khans of Tarkir and Fate Reforged will no longer be legal in Standard.
Dragons of Tarkir and Magic Origins will remain legal until the next large set is released.
This is the new way sets will rotate now that we've entered a two-block structure. A rotation will trigger once in the spring and once in the fall.
But it's not the loss of a creature or even a spell that's bound to impact Standard the most during our upcoming rotation. The most impactful loss could very well be nothing more than a set of lands. Fetch lands, that is.
Fetch happened.
For one thing, without fetches in the format, there will be a lot less shuffling. Your hands and the round clock will thank you. For another thing, fetch lands made Standard mana-fixing very powerful, allowing decks to play all the best cards and not be punished for it in their mana bases. You saw this happen in decks like Five-Color Bring to Light, Four-Color Rally, Green Mardu, Dark Jeskai, Wet Abzan, Izzet Oreos...I could go on. Not only were the decks absurdly powerful, the deck names were often powerfully absurd.
Well, no more! Playing five colors won't be as easy, and neither will stuffing your deck full of the best cards regardless of color.
One creature that's sure to make a stir on its way out is none other than that card everyone loves to hate: Siege Rhino. Thanks to its solid stats and a nice "gain and drain" ability, Siege Rhino was immensely powerful (and popular!) in Standard and showed up in many Top 8 decklists—making it something of a pariah. If you're like the cohost of my podcast, Meghan, then you're probably going to throw a party now that Siege Rhino is rotating out.
Promise me that you'll always remember me this way.
You're also probably going to sit in a corner, rocking back and forth, whispering, "Thank you, thank you," while tears of joy stream down your face.
Once Rhino rotates out, lots of opportunities will open up for other cards that never got their chance to shine.
One card in particular that's gotten a lot of buzz? Chandra, Flamecaller. Already showing up in strong numbers, now Chandra doesn't have to contend with as many 5-toughness creatures as before—certainly none as ubiquitous as the Rhino.
As soon as we see the back of Rhino, I expect to see even more Chandra in the feature match area. We got a preview of how powerful they are in Brock Mosley's Top 8 Decklist at Grand Prix Houston. After all, 6'ing someone out of nowhere ain't nothin'. The double red in their casting cost is a real thing as soon as fetch lands are gone, so that is something to keep in mind.
Brock's deck may be able to survive rotation in some form due to a few very powerful cards eager to earn their moment in the spotlight. I've got my eye on Sylvan Advocate (which is often a 4/5 for two mana), Goblin Dark-Dwellers, and Kalitas, Traitor of Ghet. Even though this deck loses powerful removal such as Crackling Doom, Murderous Cut, and Abzan Charm, it retains the asupervisorstioned cards, which have the potential to become real all-stars.
Here's a decklist from Gavin Verhey that takes full advantage of Sylvan Advocate as well as another card I like to call "Cranial Plating when it's in the right deck." It's a clunky nickname, but hey. Hello, Stoneforge Masterwork.
This deck is flavorful, fast, and able to bring the beats. Play your Elves out early, equip your armor, and cast a Tajuru Warcaller. GG, friends, GG. It is also "rotation-proof"—meaning all of its cards will still be legal (until this fall, at least).
Another card that hasn't really had a chance to make a break for it is a really spicy one: Demonic Pact.
The card design alone on this bad boy should make you want to play it. It's creative, multifaceted, and filled to the brim with flavor. Here's a decklist Tulio_Jaudy played in a Standard Magic Online Championship Series Event (which Eric Froehlich discussed recently) that's built around Demonic Pact.
While the deck loses quite a few cards post-rotation, it retains two of its most important ingredients: Pact and Jace. It also holds onto Grasp of Darkness, which, just like Chandra and Pact, gets better without Rhino. Hopefully we see a lot of cards in Shadows over Innistrad that will make this deck shine. I love this deck because it just feels evil...and sometimes, being bad can be oh so very good.
Another card I've got my eye on post-rotation is Reflector Mage. One of the most popular decks in Standard right now is Rally the Ancestors, which recently took down GP Houston piloted by No. 1–ranked player Owen Turtenwald.
The deck itself will soon be no more (thanks to the loss of its namesake), but we've learned by watching it play that the inclusion of Reflector Mage is the real deal. While Nantuko Husk and Zulaport Cutthroat will most likely get worse after rotation (due to the loss of Rally), Reflector Mage will continue to be amazing. In fact, Blue Abzan decks are already playing Reflector Mage simply for being Reflector Mage. It's that powerful.
If you're looking for a decklist that still has nearly 100% of the fight left in it after rotation, spoiler alert: you might have to side with the bad guys. Yep, I'm talking about some Eldrazi.
Eldrazi Ramp is a really fun deck loaded with ways to cast spells with insane mana costs. Post-rotation, the only creatures/planeswalkers this deck loses is Ugin, the Spirit Dragon, perhaps leaving room for more World Breakers, which...doesn't seem like a bad thing to me.
What about Eldrazi Aggro? Check out this list from Brian DeMars that loses almost nothing to rotation—except for one very important piece.
Yep, it's curtains for Ghostfire Blade. A lot of the aggressive Eldrazi decks in Standard have counted on Ghostfire Blade to give them amazing draws and basically kill an opponent before they can say "good luck, high five." Perhaps they can make like the Elves and consider some armor...?
Other Formats
If you're not quite ready to bid farewell to any of your favorite Standard staples, not to worry, we have plenty of other formats to explore.
This Modern deck was built by Brazilian player and recent Hall of Fame inductee Willy Edel and contains, you guessed it: Siege Rhino. I messaged Willy to ask how they might change around their decklist in the face of the new Eldrazi menace in Modern. They replied "Unfortunately nothing beats it consistently. Yet." The yet in that message gives hope to all Rhino players out there. Is our Rhino friend up to the task? Only time and the ingenuity of Magic players everywhere will tell. Its 4/5 body does profitably block Thought-Knot Seer. Just sayin'.
Let's meet another card that will soon be entering the Retirement Zone. It's Alesha, Who Smiles at Death! In addition to being an awesome character (read Alesha's story here), Alesha is also just a dang good card. While they aren't part of any tier 1 Standard decks, they made themselves a nice home in Mardu Warriors—an aggressive, flavorful deck.
Why lose Alesha to the sands of time? Commander player Brandon Graham Klyne-Simpson was one of those sad to see Alesha rotate out. So, instead, they used their legendary status to set them as their new commander! Check out their Alesha Commander build below.
This deck is a Mardu dream machine and features awesome cards like Butcher of the Horde, Mother of Runes, Gray Merchant of Asphodel, and Fiend Hunter. If you like to play red-white-black, look no further, my friends. Or, should I say: my fiends...? Alesha's ability to bring their compatriots back from the graveyard (tapped and attacking) is on full display in this spicy build.
These two are “mailing the same pair of jeans back and forth” tight.
I love Draft more than almost anything in this life, that's a known fact. It was hard to say goodbye to triple Khans Draft because it was so, so good. But guess what? It doesn't have to be goodbye! Here's an idea: build a Khans block cube. I know, I know, it's an amazing idea. You can thank me later. The awesomeness that is KTK Draft can live on!
The best bet if you're inclined to take on this task is to start with a 360-card cube—which means you'll use every card in an eight-player draft. If you draw from every set in Khans block (Khans of Tarkir, Fate Reforged, and Dragons of Tarkir), you'll have 718 cards to pick from. Keep in mind that cubes sometimes contain multiples of the same card—like removal, for example, if you feel like you're light. Or you could put in 50 copies of Icefeather Aven and just let the destruction begin.
User Koey on CubeTutor.com built a Khans cube that looks like an absurd amount of fun.
A Khans block cube could be especially interesting given the emphasis on three-color cards. Should you draft enemy colors and splash for something really powerful? Should you build wedges like you did in triple Khans Draft? Will Temur rise again?! Who knows? That's the beauty of Cube. You can draft it again and again, fine-tuning the mix of cards as you go, until you're satisfied that you've achieved the perfect Cube balance. Another upside to a Khans cube: you could go for a full-on flavor-win and draft in loincloths and furs.
Et Cetera
Playing Magic with your Magic cards isn't the only way to have fun with them. Did you know that I used to do craft segments for a local television morning news show back in the day? Well, I did. I was known as the "Quirky Crafter" and once even made an Easter wreath out of a bunch of Peeps. I'm not going to make you do that. But I will let you in on a really fun craft you can do with some of your old bulk commons. Or your mythic rares, if you're a high roller.
Turns out, making earrings out of Magic cards is incredibly easy and fun. Bonus: they look super fly. Just follow the directions here for some amazing-looking ear candy.
If earrings aren't your bag, might I suggest something completely different? How about an entire floor made out of Magic cards?
Incredible. It's not just the stuff of dreams! Mike Uloth, who owns The Gamers' Niche in Mandeville, Louisiana, decided they wanted to do something special when they opened their own local gaming store this past December. They enlisted the help of loyal customer Cameron McMillion to help with this huge task. After ten gallons of sealant and more money than they would've spent on marble, this incredible floor was born.
There you have it: a bunch of things to do with your cards that will soon be rotating out of Standard. Can't say I didn't give you some choices. If you do happen to make your own Magic card floor, a Khans cube, or something else entirely unique, I'd love to see it! Send me a tweet (@MtACast) and let me know how you spent your time in the Retirement Zone. And then go call your grandma.
People walk on the Columbia University campus on July 1, 2013 in New York City.
Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images
If you dislike annoying techno-utopian hype, you're going to love Jonathan Rees' anti-MOOC rant that Slate recently published. And I think it's fair to say that Rees raises a number of very legitimate concerns that MOOC-timists are giving short shrift to the benefits of in-person education. At the same time, as Jonathan Chait points out a lot, of Rees' piece also seems to consist of naked appeals to the class interests of college professors. There are some interesting dynamics around this because academia has long been a stronghold of left-wing political ideas, and many people have savored the irony that you're more likely to hear the case for socialism from a professor or a graduate student than from an actual member of the working class. But there was a very recent interesting N+1 article making the case that the growing precarity of university labor means that it now does make sense to explicitly construct left-wing politics as the class politics of professors and intellectuals.
My own feelings about the MOOC boom are always complicated by the lack of a reliable way of measuring the state of the conventional wisdom. I sometimes feel like “everybody knows” that MOOCs are going to completely revolutionize higher education and create a new utopian horizon and they're actually ignoring some very basic problems. Other times I feel like “everyone knows” that the only real answer to the college affordability crisis is a massive increase in direct government subsidies, and they're actually ignoring the very real potential of technology to create a productivity boom in this field.
The bottom line, however, is what I came to in my piece about how we're living through the glory days of American journalism. You've heard a lot over the past 10 to 15 years about the crisis of American journalism, but it's actually been a crisis for American journalists. A lot of people have lost jobs. A lot of people have had to work harder, or work in ways they find less pleasant. Journalism has become more competitive and in some ways less prestigious. It's simultaneously more ideological and more commercial than it used to be. There are a lot of reasons journalists gripe. But the journalism is fine. Not just fine, it's fantastic. More people have easier and cheaper access to more great coverage than ever before. You can delve much deeper into issues than ever before, hear from a much wider range of people, and learn about news faster. There really has been an amazing explosion of journalistic productivity, and voracious readers are way better off than they've ever been. The fact that journalists may not like it is neither here nor there. If an explosion of higher education productivity occurs, the people who currently teach in colleges and universities will find it discomfiting and that should not be the relevant consideration.
Sage Karam and Dreyer & Reinbold Racing are joining forces again for the Indianapolis 500.
The announcement came today that Karam will drive the No. 24 Dreyer & Reinbold entry in the 101st Running of the Indianapolis 500 presented by PennGrade Motor Oil, marking the third time in four years that the driver and longtime Indy car team are pairing up for “The Greatest Spectacle in Racing.”
As a 19-year-old rookie competing in their first Verizon IndyCar Series race in 2014, Karam drove the Dreyer & Reinbold car from 31st on the Indy 500 starting grid to finish ninth. In last year's historic 100th Running of the Indianapolis 500, Karam moved from 23rd to fourth less than halfway through the race when contact with another car ended their day in 32nd place.
“We are very pleased to have Sage back with our Dreyer & Reinbold Racing team for the 2017 Indy 500,” said team owner Dennis Reinbold. “We have had two sensational showings at the 500 with Sage in 2014 and 2016. Their impressive runs give the team great confidence in returning to the 500 this year. Sage has worked well with the engineering staff and the crew and their approach to the (Indianapolis Motor) Speedway setups have been outstanding as their speed has shown.”
Karam climbed the Mazda Road to Indy ladder to reach the Verizon IndyCar Series, winning the USF2000 championship in 2010 at age 15 and the Indy Lights title in 2013. In addition to their two Indy 500 appearances with Dreyer & Reinbold Racing, Karam drove in 12 Verizon IndyCar Series races for Chip Ganassi Racing in 2015, including a 32nd-place finish in that year's Indy 500.
“I'm really excited to be back with Dennis and the Dreyer & Reinbold Racing team for the Indianapolis 500 this May,” said Karam, 21. “Trying to win the 500 as a one-off team is certainly a big challenge, but I'm confident in this team and their ability to field a race car that can win this race.
“I'll be working with the same engineers and the same pit crew from the last two races at Indy with DRR,” added Karam, “and I trust that we can build upon that continuity and ride that momentum to the double checkers and into Victory Lane."
The Dreyer and Reinbold families have a long history in the Indy 500, dating to the 1920s with legendary car builder Floyd “Pop” Dreyer. Reinbold, Dreyer's grandson, has been a car owner at the Indianapolis 500 since 2000 and successfully qualified 35 entries for the race. Dreyer & Reinbold Racing, a past winner in the Verizon IndyCar Series, has recorded four top-10 finishes in the Indy 500 including fourth in 2012, seventh in 2010, eighth in 2008 and ninth (with Karam) in 2014.
Practice for the 101st Indianapolis 500 begins May 15, with qualification days scheduled for May 20-21. The race is set for May 28, with live coverage on ABC and the Advance Auto Parts INDYCAR Radio Network (11 a.m. ET).
Documents leaked to the Guardian show the company gave incomplete details of abuse to senators
Wilson Security bosses may be hauled back before the Senate to answer questions over inconsistencies between their evidence to a committee hearing over abuses in detention on Nauru, and revelations by the Guardian in the Nauru files.
The files – 2,000 pages of leaked incident reports from within the Nauru regime – have revealed that Wilson Security failed to report up to 16 allegations of child abuse in the Nauru detention centre to the senate.
A senate inquiry into conditions and allegations of abuse at Nauru detention centre last year asked Wilson Security for details of all known incidents or allegations of sexual assault, child abuse and assaults on minors.
Life in Nauru detention: a dark, wretched Truman Show without the cameras Read more
Wilson Security, which provides the guards for the detention centre as well as other security services, provided a table of reports of sexual abuse and child abuse.
But the Nauru files show the Wilson report to the senate was incomplete and that at least 16 serious cases of child abuse and sexual assault were not disclosed, including allegations a guard sexually assaulting a young boy, a child being choked by a guard, and a guard shining a torch on the genitals of a girl they had forced to go to the toilet on the ground.
In one instance, incident reports show that Wilson Security knew the name, position, and station of a Wilson Security guard who allegedly hit a five-year-old girl “so hard it lifted them off their feet”, but then told the senate it did not have sufficient information to identify the alleged offender.
Wilson Security has maintained that all of its evidence to the senate was full and correct. The company had “fully cooperated with and, based on the information to hand, provided honest and accurate evidence” to the inquiry, a spokesperson said in a statement to the Guardian.
Sarah Hanson-Young, the Greens senator who had asked Wilson Security executives for the sexual and child abuse details, said they would move to have the company's executives recalled before the senate to answer questions about their earlier evidence.
“Wilson Security and Broadspectrum have many questions to answer, not the least why they have played down the level of systematic abuse and harm happening on their watch.
“These government contractors, which have been paid a billion of dollars by the Australian government are either grossly incompetent or lying criminals. They must now explain to the Senate which one it is.”
Misleading the parliament is a serious criminal offence. Contempt of the senate carries a possible prison term, though this has never been imposed in Australia.
Hanson-Young said once the new parliament was resumed at the end of this month, they would move to re-establish the previous senate committee investigating Australia's offshore detention regime.
“As members of parliament we each have responsibly to ensure that the government is kept to account and when we know children are being abused there is no excuse for turning a blind eye.”
Wilson Security has maintained its evidence to the senate inquiry was comprehensive and accurate. In a statement, a spokesperson said the company maintains a rigorous and robust reporting system for all incidents and allegations.
“Wilson Security takes the welfare and safety of the asylum seekers at the regional processing centres seriously.
“All allegations of inappropriate behaviour on Nauru by asylum seekers or staff are reported through comprehensive information and incident reporting system, referred to the relevant stakeholders for action, and where appropriate referred to the relevant authorities.”
Ole Miss and Mississippi State catapulted into the Top 5 of the AP and Coaches' Polls this week, thanks to victories over Alabama and Texas A&M last Saturday. Mississippi's top 2 programs have now joined Auburn, Baylor, and Florida State as the leading candidates for college football's inaugural Final Four.
It should come as no surprise to college football fans that schools from the Gulf Coast are dominating the national championship conversation in 2014. During the BCS era (1998-2013), schools from Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, and Texas claimed the college football national championship 12 times out of 16 seasons. Whenever a school from the other 45 states won a BCS national title, their opponent in the BCS championship game was almost always a Gulf Coast program: USC's now-vacated Orange Bowl win over Oklahoma in 2005 marks the only time that the Gulf Coast was not officially represented at a BCS championship game (though, technically, nearly 40% of OU's roster is recruited from Texas).
College football's newly appointed “Blue Ribbon” committee ought to follow this unwritten rule: the Gulf Coast deserves at least two spots in college football's Final Four. Though the SEC West should never have more than one team slated for the national playoff bracket, a second spot in the Final Four should almost always go to the best remaining team in Texas or Florida.
We don't make this pronouncement based on mere bias—we look to the recent track record of Gulf Coast schools. Schools from Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, and Texas have strung together nine consecutive national championships since 2005. And if you look at the current AP and Coaches' Polls, right now the Gulf Coast owns a monopoly on the Top 5 rankings in 2014.
That's why we've decided on PFPod.com to create a weekly featured called the “State of the Gulf.” We'll list every Gulf Coast program receiving votes in the latest Coaches' and AP Polls, and rank them order of combined points earned that week. We'll then calculate the Gulf Coast's “market share” out of the AP and Coaches' Polls (i.e., the percentage of points that Gulf Coast programs have earned from all poll voters).
Since only 30 of the 128 FBS programs are located in the Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida, schools from these states should account for slightly less than 24% of the available points in the two major polls. Our “State of the Gulf” feature will highlight just how much Gulf Coast college football teams outperform the other 98 schools from 45 other states.
This week, our inaugural column shows that the Gulf Coast owns a whopping 48.9% of the combined Polls' points. At this rate, we might see three Gulf Coast schools in this year's Final Four:
School/ TOTAL Pts.
1. FSU/ 2966
2. Auburn/ 2936
3. Baylor/ 2630
4. Ole Miss/ 2628
5. Miss.St./ 2557
6. Alabama/ 2125
7. TCU/ 1844
8. Texas A&M/ 1437
9. LSU/ 110
STATE OF THE GULF: These 9 Gulf Coast schools received 19,233 points, which is 48.9% of the 39,325 points awarded in the AP and Coaches' Polls! 4 Gulf Coast schools (FSU, Auburn, Baylor, and Mississippi State) account for 100% of the 1st place votes placed in both major polls.
As I tallied up the ever-growing list of recipients, I picked the first few friends who had liked the status and began to write.
I opened up Google Drive,
Created a new document,
And titled the first page with the recipient's name.
This document would later end up to be fifty pages long.
I discovered I had a knack for writing at that moment.
I had no trouble writing three or four poems a day.
In fact, I had a lot of fun. More joy than I ever experienced while learning to code or solve math equations.
While I wrote, I began to rediscover what made each friend so special to me.
For one of my best friends who are now at Cal
It wasn't that I was forcing myself to “discover” the hidden traits of the individuals. But rather, in order to personalize these pieces, I had to reanalyze my relationship with them and figure out why we became acquaintances in the first place.
For a saxophone section leader
Whether it was fooling around with our instruments in band, biking around the lake during the summer, or just staying up and talking about our lives, I saw how lucky I was to have friends like these.
For an artist
In the end, I received a series of second “first impressions.”
Forgotten memories were stirred back up and nostalgia overflowed my brain.
I realized then and there, after my sixtieth couplet, that I longed for connection with others. That without people in my life, I wouldn't be able to survive.
And as I posted these poems on each of their respective walls, mutual friends would see them and comment about the things they noticed about one another as well. I had brought together my friend group through writing.
The values, aspirations, characteristics in each and every individual I had chosen to invest my time in over the prior years came rushing back. And scrolling through the poetry splayed out before me,
I saw a beautiful mosaic of friendship scattered throughout the eight hundred and forty lines.
For a very smart student
And after, I was no longer as lost as I had been.
I had found what I loved.
Human Connection.
Because In recognizing what made everyone else so special, I discovered what made me special as well:
Utilizing poetry to reignite relationships.
For an incoming high school senior
So here I am, writing away the worries of my life. I hope to go into a field within business that would allow me to interact with others on a daily basis.
Turns out, a STEM job in the lab, on the computer, or in the cubicle was just not meant for me.
BY Gunther Barbosa | Aug 17, 2014 01:13 PM EDT
Close
Get excited, Game of Thrones fans as The Winds of Winter release date has been confirmed and that George R.R. Martin has admitted that they are focusing on finishing Winds of Winter right now.
In an interview with Vulture it was revealed that George R.R. Martin will essentially be sitting out the Game of Thrones season 5 to finish up The Winds of Winter, the sixth book in their best-selling "A Song of Ice and Fire" saga.
But exactly is the Winds of Winter release date?
The Winds of Winter release date has been subject to a lot of speculations and rumors.
According to "Martinology," an analyst at website FiveThirtyEight, Martin's writing pace is about 300 words daily, just like JK Rowling, the author of Harry Potter. Based on this number, the analyst says Winds of Winter release date can be expected around February, 2015.
While the February 2015 speculation is clever, it is not the real Winds of Winter release date as news site Book Keep Library has reported that the Winds of Winter release date is on April 2015 and that George R.R. Martin is allegedly contractually obligated to finish the book by mid 2015.
So what do you think of the Winds of Winter release date? Are you getting the book as soon as it launches? Sounds off in the comments below!
question of the day: Why do you think three female Rebel pilots were cut from Return of the Jedi?
Say what? There were originally not one, not two, but three female Rebel pilots in the finale battle in Return of the Jedi and they all got cut? *grrrr*
From BuzzFeed:
Meet the three unnamed female fighter pilots from Return of the Jedi. Two of these ladies were released with the avalanche of extras on the Star Wars Blu-ray and were originally part of the Rebel Squadrons fighting in the Battle of Endor. Both of them were A-Wing pilots. The younger pilot… even had a bit of dialogue. According to Star Wars Aficionado, their line “got it” was overdubbed with a male voice in post-production. Most interestingly, the second lady fighter pilot is elderly, leading one to wonder if they were a hardened lifelong rebel or a late joiner. Either way, it's one of the great untold stories of the series. The third Rebel fighter pilot was played by Vivienne Chandler, pictured below, and they and one other female X-Wing pilot were filmed. Not only did they never make it past the cutting-room floor, they didn't even make it into the Blu-ray release. While Ms. Chandler had more than a page of dialogue, none of it made it into the final release. There is no solid evidence as to why all of these women were ultimately cut, but fan theory holds it was because watching female pilots die would have been too disturbing for moviegoing audiences at the time.
(More at Star Wars Aficionado Magazine here and here.)
Maybe moviegoers would have been disturbed by women dying in battle. But 1) Why shouldn't they be disturbed by that, and if they hadn't been disturbed by men dying in battle, isn't that a problem? And 2) The scenes with women pilots were written, cast, shot, edited, etc, and no one figured this for a problem, so what changed at the last minute?
Why do you think three female Rebel pilots were cut from Return of the Jedi? And are you as angry about this as I am? It's one thing if the George Lucas Star Wars machine had blinders about the role of women in war and so it simply never occurred to anyone to get women warriors in the mix. But now we now that that's not the case. Deliberate decisions were made to remove women warriors. Dammit.
(If you have a suggestion for a QOTD, feel free to email me. Responses to this QOTD sent by email will be ignored; please post your responses here.)
YEREVAN (Panorama.am) — About 25 residents of the village Ketuklu of Gabala district inhabited mainly with Lezgians tried to pass to the territory of the Nagorno Karabakh Republic to the direction of Aghdam with white flags in their hands, Minval.az reports.
According to media reports, the police encircled and detained the deserters. One of the members of the group, Ramin Ismayilov, said the cause of the villagers' protest was the unfair behavior of the Nabiyev family, who hold important posts in the region.
“The Nabiyevs slandered and illegally arrested our children. Gara Nabiyev, representative of Baku ‘Azerishig'; Musavar Nabiyev, advisor of the Tax Minister; and Ikram Nabiyev, representative of the executive power in the village, have taken our region under their control. They do not let us live. They throw drugs into the villagers' houses and cars, and then order to arrest innocent people. We are sick and tired of that, that is why we attempted to pass to the Armenian side,” the villagers complain demanding that a representative of the Administration of the President of Azerbaijan hear their objections.
All the 25 inhabitants are detained at the moment and are at the police department.
Earlier, there were numerous reports about Azerbaijani civilians passing or attempting to pass the Armenia-Azerbaijan border and surrender themselves to Armenia or to Artsakh.
On 23 January 2014, dozens of residents of Beylagan region, Azerbaijan, in protest against the demolition of their houses by the chief executive body tried to pass to the territory of Nagorno Karabakh Republic. On 29 January 2014, an Azerbaijani citizen Javid Orujov, resident of Baku born in 1976, appealed to the Armenian border guards on the Armenian-Georgian border, asking for a political asylum for him, their wife and their three young children. On 12 April 2014, Nazim Mammadov, a resident of Nakhichevan Autonomous Republic, was detained by the Azerbaijani military while attempting to cross the border with Armenia with a white flag in their hands. Earlier, in 2010, Nariman Agayev, from Goychay district, threatened to seek for asylum in Armenia because the investigator handed their daughter's corpse to them only after getting a bribe of $1000.
Editor's note: This article, distributed by The Associated Press, was originally published on The Conversation website. The Conversation is an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts.
The U.S. solar industry is nervously awaiting President Donald Trump's decision whether to impose punitive duties on imported solar panels and related equipment or even restrict some of those imports altogether. It could come any day between now and late January.
This is the final stage of a process that began when two U.S. subsidiaries of foreign solar panel makers filed a rarely used kind of trade complaint with the International Trade Commission. The independent U.S. agency has recommended a course of action officially intended to protect domestic manufacturers from unfair competition.
But far from protecting U.S. interests, the tariffs would stifle the current solar boom, destroying American jobs and dragging down clean energy innovation. As economists who research climate and energy policies that can foster a greener North American economy, we argue the government should instead create targeted subsidies that support innovation and lower costs across the supply chain. This approach would do a better job of helping the U.S. industry fend off foreign competition without harming the industry itself.
A booming industry
The U.S. solar industry has enjoyed unprecedented growth in recent years, thanks to the rapidly declining cost to install solar systems and tax breaks for homeowners, businesses and utilities that have expanded demand but are being phased out. Prices have plunged to roughly US$1.50 per watt from around $6 in 2010 due to both innovation that made it less expensive to make panels anywhere and cheap imports.
In 2016, 87 percent of U.S. solar installations used foreign-produced panels, also known as modules, primarily from China.
The rapid decline in solar panel costs has been driven by policies in China and elsewhere intended to expand domestic manufacturing of these products.
The problem is not unique. Other countries dependent on cheap solar imports, including Germany and Canada, are also grappling with how to sustain the solar boom while protecting their own domestic manufacturers from unfair foreign competition.
The trade commission sent Trump its recommendations on Nov. 13, giving them until Jan. 13 to accept or reject its guidance. Later, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer asked the agency to draft a “supplemental” report, effectively extending the president's deadline for setting the tariffs to Jan. 26.
The request, observers surmise, could signal that the administration is concerned about this case's potential to spiral into a broader trade dispute with China and other major U.S. trading partners.
Solar job growth
Solar job growth took off in 2010. By 2016, more than 260,000 Americans worked in the industry, up from fewer than 95,000 seven years earlier.
An uninterrupted solar boom would create even more jobs. The number of solar panel installers, for example, would more than double from 11,300 to 23,000 within 10 years at the current pace of growth, which would make it the fastest-growing profession, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Another renewable energy mainstay, wind turbine technician, came in a close second.
Imposing tariffs on imported panels would cloud that outlook, largely because manufacturing accounts for less than 15 percent of U.S. solar jobs while installation amounts to more than half of them, according to the Solar Foundation's annual census. If panels get more expensive, the cost to go solar will rise and demand will fall – along with the impetus to employ so many installers.
The Solar Energy Industries Association, a trade group that represents many companies in the industry and opposes the duties, estimates that imposing them could double solar prices and cost the industry 88,000 jobs.
Smarter subsidies
Despite the robust growth in wind and solar employment and its official support for an “all of the above” energy policy that combines fossil fuels, nuclear power, biofuels and renewable energy alternatives like wind and solar, the Trump administration has sought to slash support for alternative energy through the federal budget.
We agree that the government should encourage solar panel manufacturing within the nation's borders. But there are better ways to support this important priority than by raising prices on imported equipment through punitive tariffs.
China's edge in solar panel manufacturing – apart from low wages – is driven by scale and supply-chain development, spurred by cost inducements like low-interest loans, technology development assistance and cheap land. Other newly industrialized countries like South Korea and Taiwan have followed China's lead by fostering their own solar manufacturing bases with targeted subsidies.
We believe the U.S. should follow suit. In addition to directing subsidies to reduce the costs of the solar supply chain, the government should also increase subsidies for private research and development for green innovation. Currently, federal financing for private solar R&D lags far behind levels seen in China and the European Union.
These subsidies could be funded by the tariffs the government is already collecting on solar panels imported from China and elsewhere.
If the U.S. government deems that additional restrictions are required, then it makes sense to follow a separate recommendation to freeze solar panel imports at 2016 market share levels. The government should then auction off the rights to import foreign solar panels to U.S. installers.
The government could spend the proceeds from these auctioned import licenses on domestic innovation and other efforts to cut supply chain costs for U.S. manufacturers of solar panels and related equipment.
While World Trade Organization rules limit the use of subsidies that explicitly promote a country's exports in global markets, the ones we are proposing would likely be WTO-compliant.
This is because their aim is to make the U.S. solar industry more competitive within the domestic market, given the government's earlier findings that cheap imported panels are being dumped – sold too cheaply – here.
Why make an exception?
Like most economists, we believe that subsidies should be avoided except in special circumstances. Here are three reasons why this industry is an exception.
First, when one nation subsidizes solar panel production and exports those panels, it makes it cheaper to go solar in other countries, effectively cutting the cost of implementing climate policies abroad.
Second, when solar energy replaces fossil fuels in one place, the declining carbon emissions benefit people around the globe. Climate change, after all, affects the entire world.
Third, R&D investments made in any one economy eventually add to the global knowledge base. Improving solar technology will ultimately benefit the entire industry worldwide.
The proposed tariffs the Trump administration is considering will yield none of these benefits. In fact, they could instigate a trade war over clean energy products with our trading partners globally.
That is why we believe that the smarter subsidies we are proposing are a better way to sustain the U.S. solar industry and protect jobs.
Edward B. Barbier is a professor in Colorado State University's Department of Economics and a senior scholar in the School of Global Environmental Sustainability. Terrence Iverson is an environmental economist at Colorado State University whose primary focus is on using aggregate macroeconomic models to study issues in the economics of climate change.
Like this article? Gain access to all of our great content with a month-to-month subscription. SPECIAL: Start your subscription with our low intro rate of just $14.95.
Nearly 20 drivers participated in a preseason test session Wednesday at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park nearly in anticipation of the 2017 NASCAR Pinty's Series season opener.
Among the participants was two-time series champion D.J. Kennington, who was testing their No. 17 Castrol Dodge before heading to Talladega Superspeedway. Kennington will attempt to qualify for their second Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series start of the season.
“Our car ran well during the test at CTMP,” Kennington said. “We ran about 10 laps in the car and had a good test just making sure everything we right with the car and it was fast. We should be good to go when we come back and get it dialed in for the season opener.”
While Kennington is ready to challenge for their third Pinty's Series championship, the St. Thomas, Ontario native is also looking forward to qualifying for the Cup race at NASCAR's largest and fastest oval track.
From the editor, also read: American driver Williams to compete in Pinty's Series in 2017
“We're getting everything ready and I'll be in North Carolina (today) with the team and get the car loaded up and headed to Talladega,” Kennington said. “Having Mike Ford on board with us as crew chief for this race is huge for our team. They bring so much experience to our team and it should be a big help for us to try and qualify for the race. If we get in the show anything can happen so we're going there to do the best we can.”
Kennington qualified for the Daytona 500 and was running with the leaders when they were collected in a multi-car accident.
L.P. Dumoulin, the 2014 series champion, also logged laps at the historic road course located outside of Toronto as Trois-Rivieres. The Quebec native was pleased with their test.
“The test session went really well for us in our No. 47 WeatherTech Canada/Bellemare Dodge,” said Dumoulin. “Our team worked really hard in the offseason on our cars and its already paying dividends for our team. Last year was a challenging year for us but the guys in the shop have kept working hard and we're looking forward to the season.”
While the test session was relatively calm for most competitors, Alex Tagliani couldn't say the same for their No. 18 Lowes Canada/Epipen Chevrolet.
“We had the drive shaft break on our second lap of practice and when that happened I lost all rear braking and hit the wall in Turn 5,” said Tagliani. “I hit the tire barrier pretty hard as I picked up speed before hitting the tires. I'm okay and our car was really fast before we had the mechanical issue.”
The Can-Am 200 on May 21 kicks off the 13-race 2017 season for Canada's only NASCAR-sanctioned touring series.
Ion Scripcariu are aproape vârsta pensionării, dar nu mai lucrează din 1989. Supravieţuieşte de 25 de ani din baniii statului. A fost muncitor la o secţie de turnătorie şi spune că nu şi-a mai găsit serviciu.
„Şomaj am avut cam doi ani de zile, după şomaj am intrat in social până acum”, a spus Ion Scripcariu, beneficiar de ajutor social. Nici partenera lui de viaţă nu munceşte.
„Nu am lucrat niciodată. Nu am lucrat, am avut ajutor social”, a spus Adriana Neculai, beneficiara de ajutor social.
Cei doi primesc un ajutor social de 315 lei pe lună. Datele Institutului de Statistică arată că, în peste trei milioane de familii, aproape jumătate din numărul total nu există niciun salariat. Asta înseamnă că aceste familii sunt asistate social, adică primesc lunar un venit minim garantat, alocaţia pentru susţinerea familiei, indemnizaţie de însoţitor sau de creştere a copilului.
„Numărul mare de asistaţi arată o economie insuficient dezvoltată”, a spus Mircea Coşea, profesor de economie.
În prezent, din taxele şi impozitele plătite de puţin peste trei milioane de angajaţi din mediul privat sunt susţinuţi 5.300.000 de pensionari, peste opt milioane de asistaţi social şi 1.600.000 de bugetari şi salariaţi ai companiilor de stat. Statistica arată că la fiecare şapte case există, în medie, câte un bugetar. Dezechilibrul ar putea fi rezolvat simplu, dacă România ar atrage investiţii prin care să se creeze locuri de muncă bine plătite, spun specialiştii.
„Dacă nu reuşim să producem, să aducem bani în ţară, nu vom reuşi să creăm nişte locuri de muncă care să fie capabile să susţină acel segment de pensionari, de asistaţi social”, a adăugat sociologul Darie Cristea.
România alocă pentru protecţia socială 16,3% din Produsul Intern Brut, mai puţin decât Bulgaria şi Ungaria. Sociologii spun că statul nu are o strategie şi că ajutoarele pentu sărmani întreţin de fapt sărăcia, în loc să îi facă pe oameni să îşi găsească un serviciu care să le ofere mai mulţi bani decât le dă Guvernul.
Etichete:
,
,
,
,
,
The Toronto Maple Leafs announced Sunday that the team has recalled goaltender Christopher Gibson from the Toronto Marlies (AHL). Jonathan Bernier will miss tonight's game with flu-like illness and is not showing any signs of the mumps at this time. In addition, forward Leo Komarov has been placed on the seven-day injured reserve (retroactive to November 29) and the club's active roster now sits at 23 players (13 forwards, 7 defencemen and 3 goalies).
Gibson, 22, has appeared in 17 regular season games with the Marlies this season, posting a record of 6-9-2 with a 2.52 goals against average and 0.919 save percentage. The Karkkila, Finland native has yet to play an NHL game. Gibson was originally drafted by the Los Angeles Kings in the second round (49th overall) during the 2011 NHL Draft.
The Maple Leafs return to the ice tonight when they travel to Florida for a 5 p.m. game against the Panthers.
‘Guardians,' which is widely accepted as the first Russian film in the comic book genre, will be released in India on Feb. 24. It is the second Russian film to be screened in Indian cinemas in 2017.
‘Zaschitniki (Guardians),' the first Russian superhero film will be released in 500 cinema halls across India on Feb. 24. The film has been dubbed in Hindi, English, Tamil and Telugu.
Directed by Sarik Andreasyan, the film stars Anton Pampushny, Sanzhar Madi, Sebastyan Sisak and Alina Lanina.
The plot is set in the final years of the Cold War era. A secret organization called ‘Patriot' creates a group of superheroes in the USSR with participants from different Soviet republics. After the dissolution of the USSR, the heroes can't find their place in a changed world and hide among the people. When a new threat looms over Russia, the guardians unite again to challenge evil forces.
“This film meets the highest Hollywood standards,” Director Sarik Andreasyan told RIR. “At the same time, we did not copy Hollywood productions. We created our own mythological universe based on our own cultural traditions. In our case this tradition implies the common Soviet past of millions. That's why we have so many heroes from different republics of the former USSR.”
They added that each superhero “has a specific set of unique abilities” with regard to mental archetypes. “As the main hero Arseny is Russian, they turn into Arsus the bear.”
According to Andresyan, the filmmakers plan to run a long-going franchise.
“We want children to prefer Arsus to superheroes like Superman and Batman,” they said.
“For me, the idea of the film is attractive first of all because the superheroes narrative is disclosed through the characters who represent strong features, values and traditions of the post-Soviet world,” producer Vladimir Polyakov said. “Truly, it is time to put an end to so-called ‘Russian villains' and show true guardians.”
‘Guardians' is the second Russian film to be released in India in 2017.
In January ‘Equipage (Flight Crew)' was screened in 250 Indian cinema halls.
The film, which is about a heroic flight crew, was also dubbed in English, Hindi, Tamil and Telugu. It was the first Russian film to be released in India in 25 years.
Some Indian filmmakers are pondering over a remake of the movie.
In 2016 the second edition of the ‘Russian Film Days in Mumbai' festival took place. This event is expected to be annual.
Source: Zero Media/YouTube
If using any of Russia Beyond's content, partly or in full, always provide an active hyperlink to the original material.
Fox News reported on Pope Francis' upcoming action on climate change by promoting climate change denial and suggesting that the pope is aligning with "extremists who favor widespread population control and wealth redistribution."
While many Catholics praised Pope Francis' recent announcement that they will publish an encyclical -- a papal letter sent to all the bishops in the Catholic Church -- on climate change, Fox News responded by stoking fears and promoting climate change denial. Fox News correspondent Doug McKelway reported on the December 30 edition of Special Report that the move will be "aligning [Pope Francis] with some church enemies," including "a few environmental extremists who favor widespread population control and wealth redistribution." The segment also featured climate "skeptic" Marc Morano -- who is paid by an industry-funded group to run the climate change-denying website ClimateDepot.com -- to falsely claim that there has been "no global warming" for "almost two decades":
But acting on climate change already has widespread support among Catholics. The pope's move comes after senior bishops from around the globe called on the world's governments to phase out fossil fuels completely in order to "protect frontline communities suffering from the impacts of climate change." Christian leaders have been promoting climate action for many years, citing its disproportionate impacts on the poor as a main concern. In 2006, the Evangelical Climate Initiative urged members of the church to act on climate change because it "hit[s] the poor the hardest":
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., one of the nation's largest banks, has been with $185 million in civil penalties for secretly opening millions of unauthorized deposit and credit card accounts in a bid to boost its finances, federal and state officials said Thursday.
Employees of Wells Fargo (WFC) boosted sales figures by covertly opening the accounts and funding them by transferring money from customers' authorized accounts without permission, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and Los Angeles officials said.
An analysis by the San Francisco-headquartered bank found that its employees opened more than two million deposit and credit card accounts that may not have been authorized by consumers, the officials said. Many of the transfers ran up fees or other charges for the customers.
The findings stem in part from a 2015 Los Angeles Superior Court lawsuit in which Los Angeles City Attorney Mike Feuer accused the bank of violating California unfair competition laws.
Sign up for the daily 5 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the 5 Things to Know newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
The civil action charged that Wells Fargo & Company and Wells Fargo Bank "have victimized their customers by using pernicious and often illegal sales tactics to maintain high levels of sales of their banking and financial products."
"Wells Fargo has known about and encouraged these practices for years," the lawsuit charged. "It has done little, if anything to discourage it employees' behavior and protect its customers"
The bank has agreed to pay full restitution to all victims and a $100 million fine to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's civil penalty fund. Wells Fargo will pay a separate $35 million penalty to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and an additional $50 million to the city and county of Los Angeles.
"Wells Fargo employees secretly opened accounts to hit sales targets and receive bonuses," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a formal announcement of the penalties. "Because of the severity of these violations, Wells Fargo is paying the largest penalty the CFPB has ever imposed."
The bank agreed to the filing of a CFPB consent order without admitting or denying legal conclusions reached by federal investigators.
“Wells Fargo reached these agreements consistent with our commitment to customers and in the interest of putting this matter behind us," the bank said in a formal statement. "Wells Fargo is committed to putting our customers' interests first 100 percent of the time, and we regret and take responsibility for any instances where customers may have received a product that they did not request."
The bank said a review by a third-party consultant resulted in $2.6 million in refunds to customers for any fees associated with products the account holders "may not have requested." Accounts refunded represented a fraction of one percent of the accounts reviewed, and refunds averaged $25, Wells Fargo said.
As of June 30, Wells Fargo reported having more than $1.9 trillion in assets, third largest among U.S. banks. The bank has more than 8,600 locations and 13,000 automatic teller machines, as well as offices in 36 countries and territories.
Wells Fargo shares were up fractionally at $49.88 in afternoon trading.
Highland Park is getting another exciting concert venue. And the decked-out Lodge Room, with a capacity of 500 concert-goers, might just be one of the prettiest places to see live music east of downtown.
The building, rich in vintage details from ceiling to floor, all lovingly updated by the Lodge Room team, was built in 1923 to serve as an actual Masonic Lodge. And while Freemasonry has kind of become less of a thing, the buildings they left behind have been turned into some pretty cool cultural spaces like the Masonic Lodge at Hollywood Forever Cemetery, now used to host concerts and events, and the lodge which recently became the home of the Marciano Art Foundation.
There is also a hidden trap door, because Masons.
Photograph courtesy of Lodge Room
On stage, you'll find music curated by Sid the Cat, the local concert-throwing duo of Kyle Wilkerson and Brandon Gonzalez who've heretofore been without a permanent room. If you've caught a show at the Highland Park Ebell or seen their name on a listing at Teragram Ballroom, you'll have a sense of the eclectic taste at play. Wilkerson also oversees talent buying at the Bootleg Theater. An initial schedule of shows includes Bedouine on December 9, The Album Leaf on December 15, and Black Marble on January 12, though a representative for the venue says they may open as early as November.
In addition to the concert space, the building will also feature a full-service New American restaurant, Checker Hall, described as a space for “fun, tasty neighborhood eats, draft beers, and cocktails.”
Lodge Room is located at 104 North Avenue 56 in Highland Park. Keep an eye on the venue's website for updates on an official opening date and other details.
RELATED: This Immersive Mansion Party Has New Musical Experiences Behind Every Door
90th Anniversary of the 19th Amendment
Press Release ·
Washington, DC
The following is a document alert -- part of a program sponsored by the National Archives to notify the media of documents in the holdings of the National Archives that are relevant to national holidays, anniversaries or current events. This program is based on original records from the National Archives, its 13 Presidential libraries and 14 regional facilities, and is designed to offer the media an historical perspective on events that occur periodically and to highlight historical antecedents to current political or diplomatic initiatives.
(The following is based on an article that appeared in the Fall 2003 issue of Prologue magazine, the Quarterly of the National Archives and Records Administration. The text and high resolution images of the 19th Amendment can be found online). A petition to Congress for the right to vote, signed by Susan B. Anthony is also available online.
Pieces of History
The 19th Amendment Gives Women the Right to Vote
On a hot August day in 1920, Representative Harry Burn listened as the Tennessee House of Representatives debated an issue that had been simmering since well before the Civil War—woman suffrage.
For generations, long before 24-year-old Burn was born, the woman suffrage movement had as its goal an amendment to the U.S. Constitution allowing women the right to vote.
The movement had begun in 1848 at a women's rights convention in Seneca Falls, New York, but it took 30 years to get the amendment introduced in Congress. Action on Capitol Hill was very slow. Until 1914, the Senate voted only once, turning it down, and the House did not vote at all.
Meanwhile, the suffragists took their fights to the states. Through legislative action or state amendment, the movement had some success. In the 1916 election, women could vote for presidential electors in 11 states. By 1920, even without the referendum, women would have been able to vote for presidential electors in 30 states.
Finally, in the spring of 1919, Congress passed the amendment and sent it the states for ratification. The States acted quickly, and by August 1920, 35 had approved it. In all but one of the remaining states, the amendment had either been rejected or had no hope of being approved.
With one additional state needed, the push for ratification focused on Tennessee. Supporters and opponents of the amendment, the press, and thousands of spectators flocked to Nashville to witness the proceedings. Carrie Chapman Catt, the latest in the long line of woman suffrage leaders that had included Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony, was also there.
Tennessee's Senate had already approved it, but after several votes in the House, the issue was deadlocked, 48 to 48. As the debate continued, Burn opened a letter from their mother.
“Don't forget to be a good boy and help Mrs. Catt put the ‘rat' in ratification,” mother Burn wrote. Harry had been counted among the opponents, but when the next vote was taken, Harry voted in favor of the amendment, and ratification was approved.
Thus, the 19th Amendment to the Constitution, giving women the right to vote, was ratified on August 18, 1920, in time for women in all states to vote for President later that year.
The next day, Harry Burn explained their vote to angry opponents: “I believe in full suffrage as a right. I believe we had a moral and legal right to ratify. I know that a mother's advice is always safest for their boy to follow, and my mother wanted me to vote for ratification.”
# # #
For Press information, contact the National Archives Public Affairs staff at (202) 357-5300.
Follow us on:
Twitter: http://twitter.com/archivesnews
Facebook: US National Archives
10-134
The future of domestic renewable fuel production could be a bright one, if the work of Algenol is scaled up to commercial levels, because the company can already produce continuous yields of 8000 gallons of algae biofuels per acre per year, without using any arable land that would be better suited to food production.
Biofuels are a controversial topic for some environmentalists, because for certain feedstock crops, such as corn, the benefits of producing ethanol biofuel on arable land may not outweigh the negative impacts, such as water use, for the yields they get (for corn, it's in the neighborhood of 420 gallons of fuel per acre per year).
But with algae biofuel, the yields of fuel per acre are much higher, and don't require taking land out of food production or consuming vast amounts of water for each gallon of biofuel produced. In fact, Algenol's process, which begins with salt water, actually produces 1.4 gallons of clean water for each gallon of fuel, so this algae-based fuel could end up being a much greener and cheaper fuel than any other type of biofuel.
The Algenol process is a modular, scalable system which uses their proprietary flexible plastic film photobioreactors (PBR) to grow the blue-green algae (cyanobacteria) with salt water and carbon dioxide, which the algae convert via photosynthesis into “sugars” (pyruvate) using sunlight. The company's Direct to Ethanol process yields a biofuel with an 80% lower carbon footprint than gasoline, and has the added benefit of using a byproduct of other industrial processes, carbon dioxide, to produce a clean fuel (one metric tonne of carbon dioxide fed into the Algenol process produces around 144 gallons of fuels).
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlSwFaxIyzo
“On one wet acre of algal cultivation Algenol can produce around 8,000 gallons of liquid fuels with a majority gallon of ethanol, 500 gallons of jet ultra-low sulfur diesel, 380 gallons of gasoline and 315 gallons of jet fuel. This is a net production around 8,000 gallons of fuel products on a single acre of land, which makes Algenol's technology the most sophisticated, advanced and environmentally friendly process for fuel production in the world. This compares favorably to corn at 420 gallons per acre per year.” – Algenol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEg2HmxedDw
Although most cars on the road already run on an ethanol blend fuel (10% ethanol, or E10), there are an increasing number of Flex Fuel Vehicles (FFVs) that can run on high ethanol blends (up to 85% ethanol, or E85), but one big issue that keeps this renewable biofuel from being more widely used is the lack of availability of cheaper ethanol. And that's where Algenol comes in, because with their process, and their goal of producing as much as 20 billion gallons per year of low-cost ethanol by 2033, we could see more and more drivers choosing to fuel up with algae-based ethanol.
FERGUSON, Missouri — Police revealed the identity Friday of the officer who shot and killed unarmed teen Michael Brown, along with a report alleging that Brown and a friend stole cigars from a convenience store shortly before the shooting.
Close video Ferguson Police Chief: Shooter didn't know Michael Brown was a suspect Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson said on Friday that there is no connection between an alleged robbery and the confrontation that led to Michael Brown's death. What's the connection between the surveillance video released and the investigation? MSNBC. share tweet email save Embed
in an altercation with a store employee on Aug. 9. Brown and their friend, Dorian Johnson, grabbed cigars from the store and behind the counter, the police report said. Before they left the store, the employee attempted to stop Brown from taking the merchandise. Brown grabbed the employee by the shirt and pushed them into a display rack in the store, the report said, and Brown and Johnson left the store with the cigars.
According to the police report (embedded below), video surveillance allegedly showed Brown
But Darren Wilson, the officer who stopped Brown, wasn't even aware that Brown was a suspect in the robbery, Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson said Friday afternoon. The officer initially stopped Brown and their friend, Dorian Johnson, because the pair was walking in the middle of a residential street, Jackson said, an admission that provoked outrage from Brown's family and attorneys.
“At a time when the highway patrol has been called in, when we got a calm that's going on in the community, we're finally reaching a point where things are settled down, [Jackson] is inciting the community all over again,” Anthony Gray, an attorney for the Brown family said Friday afternoon in a press conference reacting to Jackson's revelation. They Brown family, they said, felt the timing of the video release was suspect and a strategic “character assassination attempt.”
Eric Davis, a cousin of Brown's, called the police department's changing story “smoke and mirrors,” and at one point knelt down tearfully in front of the podium, their hands in the air. “This is the universal sign for ‘I surrender,'” they said, before calling on the community to rise up in peaceful protest.
Hours later, Jackson appeared to change their story, telling NBC News that while the officer who shot Brown initially stopped them for walking in the street and blocking traffic, “at some point” during the encounter the officer saw cigars in Brown's hands and thought they might be a suspect in the robbery.
Close video Parks: 'We must remain peaceful' Attorneys for Michael Brown's family, Daryl Parks and Anthony Gray respond to the recent information released from the Ferguson Police Department about the fatal shooting of Michael Brown. share tweet email save Embed expressed anger over the police department's decision to release only an account of the alleged robbery, and not details from the shooting.
“Michael Brown's family is beyond outraged at the devious way the police chief has chosen to disseminate piecemeal information in a manner intended to assassinate the character of their son,” their relatives said in a statement. “It is no way transparent to release the still photographs alleged to be Michael Brown, and refuse to release the photographs of the officer that executed him.”
The report released Friday morning did not shed light on the details of Brown's death.
READ THE POLICE REPORT
In an interview with msnbc shortly after the report was released, Johnson's lawyer confirmed that Brown had taken cigars from the store.
“We see that there's tape, that they claim they got a tape that shows there was some sort of strong-armed robbery,” said Freeman Bosley, Johnson's attorney. “We need to see that tape, my client did tell us and told the FBI that they went into the store. They told FBI that [Brown] did take cigarillos. They told that to the DOJ and the St. Louis County Police.”
In an interview earlier this week, Johnson described the events of the shooting but did not mention that they and Brown had been in a convenience store just before, or that Brown had stolen anything.
According to the police report released Friday morning, the officer who shot Brown was responding to a description provided by police dispatch searching for a suspect in the robbery nearby. Wilson, who is white, and has been on the police force for six years.  They are currently on paid administrative leave. It's unclear how Jackson's comments Friday afternoon that the stop was unrelated to the alleged robbery square with the contents of a report police made public earlier in the day.
Johnson's attorney, meanwhile, focused on the details the police department did not immediately reveal. “The [officer's] name in and of itself doesn't let us know a whole lot,” Bosley said. “The next step is: what do we know about the officer? We'd like to see their personnel file and if any disciplinary action has been taken against him, and how long they have been an officer.”
Jackson said Friday morning that no disciplinary action had been taken against Wilson. Brown was not believed to have a criminal record, either.
Residents of Ferguson had been demanding the release of the officer's name and details about the shooting. Many questions remain unanswered regarding Brown's death. Ferguson had been engulfed in tensions and aggressive police tactics toward the community in the wake of Brown's killing, but the climate has cooled since President Obama and Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon urged calm Thursday.
“I'm pleased that the people of Ferguson and the region began to get some long-overdue information today, and I will continue to call for openness and transparency as the parallel investigations into this tragedy proceed to their necessary conclusions,” Nixon said Friday in a statement.
“For the sake of the family, the citizens of Ferguson, and the entire region, it is vital that the investigations into the shooting death of Michael Brown move forward in a thorough, open and transparent manner to ensure that trust is restored and justice is done,” they added. The Democratic governor previously faced criticism for their response to the police shooting.
Following a violent night of clashes between protesters and police on Wednesday, Nixon sought to return peace to the town of 20,000 by putting the Missouri State Highway Patrol in charge of security. Hundreds of demonstrators peacefully rallied Thursday on the streets in Ferguson, and Capt. Ron Johnson of the highway patrol confirmed there weren't any arrests overnight.
“Last night was a great night. There were no calls for service. We did not deploy tear gas,” Johnson said during a early Friday afternoon news conference. They added that police didn't set up road blocks as in previous nights.
Johnson told the crowd gathered in Ferguson that their mission in the suburb is to allow residents to protest and march freely, in the absence of armored officers.
“It's time to stop saying, ‘This is an old wound,' and close it for good,” Johnson said. They were expected to meet with Chief Jackson on Friday afternoon.
Obama on Thursday urged “calm” and “peace” on the streets of Ferguson in a brief statement during their vacation on Martha's Vineyard. They spoke out against the use of excessive force by law enforcement and violence toward police officers.
Close video Ferguson police release name of officer Ferguson chief of police, Thomas Jackson, makes a statement releasing the name of the officer who fatally shot teenager Michael Brown. share tweet email save Embed
The U.S. attorney's office launched a civil rights investigation into the circumstances surrounding the 18-year-old's death. The FBI is also investigating. Rep. John Lewis, a civil rights icon, said Obama should declare martial law to federalize the Missouri National Guard to protect people as they protest.
Harsh police tactics were on clear display in Ferguson earlier this week, following a request by authorities for residents to gather and pray peacefully only during daylight hours. Two reporters and a St. Louis elected official were among the individuals detained by officers on Wednesday night. A massive police force had descended on the area to demand protesters' dispersal. At a press conference Thursday, police said demonstrators threw rocks, bricks, bottles and a Molotov cocktail at them.
Related: Follow Trymaine Lee's reporting in Ferguson
Thousands of people gathered Thursday in more than 100 communities across the United States in remembrance of Brown, who would have completed their first week of college on Friday. The simultaneous national moment of silence took place at St. Louis' Gateway Arch, New York's Union Square, and the Boston Common, among other locations.
Authorities released Brown's body to the Austin A. Layne Mortuary in St. Louis. Officials haven't revealed details from the autopsy reports.
There is no player more polarizing on the Dodgers than Matt Kemp. Recently, as Kemp trade rumors have (predictably) started to get louder, there have been a large variety of reactions. There's one thing that comes up frequently in our comment section, on Twitter, and around the internet which I want to address, though. You can say all you want about Kemp's defense, but Matt Kemp's offense is not the problem.
Last year, Kemp had a significant down season, posting a .316 wOBA. That was still slightly above the major league average, but well below their career levels. After a shoulder injury and hamstring problems, perhaps this should have been expected. This year, in spite of Kemp's ankle injury, projection systems expected a rebound. ZiPS projected a .342 wOBA, and Steamer projected a .347 wOBA. As of today, Matt Kemp has a .342 wOBA in 2014, matching the ZiPS projection precisely. This season, Kemp has a 122 wRC+, meaning that they are hitting 22% better than a league-average player. That has value; about nine runs above what an average major leaguer produces in 336 plate appearances.
Mike already pointed out some similarities to Kemp's 2009 line in their post yesterday. Kemp was worth five wins above replacement that season. They hit .297/.352/.490, which, by raw numbers, is above their .277/.343/.432 line in 2014. However, fewer runs are scored in 2014 than in 2009, which means that raw batting lines don't mean much when compared over a long time period. Kemp's line in 2009 was good enough for a 123 wRC+. That means, in relation to an average batter, Kemp was only 1% better in 2009 than they are this year. The extra value came from more cumulative plate appearances, better baserunning, and better defense. The actual hitting part is almost exactly identical.
Kemp's providing their offense in a different way than usual. Their power numbers are down from their peak, certainly. Their .155 ISO is lower than their career average of .197 and their peak of .262. However, it is higher than what they managed last season (.126). Shoulder labrum surgeries are notorious for sapping power and for taking a few years to heal fully, if at all. Their current level of power is probably about what you can reasonably expect.
Instead of power, Kemp is producing their offensive value by hitting the ball hard. Their line drive rate stands at 27.9%. Among qualified batters, that's fourth. Kemp has shown an ability to maintain .350+ BABIPs in the past, but their ankle injury and reduced speed might change Kemp's “true talent” BABIP long-term. Kemp is also hitting more ground balls than usual (1.59 GB/FB ratio, a career high) which would increase their expected BABIP but decrease their expected overall production. Kemp's current sample size of plate appearances simply isn't big enough to know if this current BABIP is sustainable or not.
Kemp's hard-hit rate, which uses slightly different data, is a bit lower and predicts a lower BABIP than their current .360. Still, I'm a bit distrustful of the “hard-hit rate” data because of the lack of information available. Line drive rate isn't perfect, but component batted ball data shows a potential shift in Kemp's approach.
Of course, I haven't addressed the elephant in the room:
What about the strikeouts?
One of the most common complaints about Kemp's offense this season is their strikeout rate. Right now it's 25.2%. That's one of the highest rates of Kemp's career, so it's an accurate complaint. The problem is that it omits a pretty important fact, the increase in league-wide strikeout rate. When Kemp started their career in 2006, the league average strikeout rate was 16.3%. So far in 2014, the strikeout rate is 19.8%. Here's a comparison between Kemp's strikeout rate and the league average over the last nine seasons:
There needs to be some context if you want to compare Matt Kemp's strikeout rate in 2006 to Matt Kemp's strikeout rate in 2014. In order to do so, I'm using something which I am calling K-. It's a normalized strikeout rate. 100 is league average and lower numbers are better (hence, minus instead of plus). A park's effect on strikeout percentage is included as well; in 2006 Dodger Stadium saw slightly increased strikeout numbers, but this has returned to neutral in the past few years. Departures from 100 are percentage points; for example, a player with a 110 K- strikes out 10% more than the league average rate. This isn't an original calculation, but the numbers aren't available online in this form and it will help gain additional insight into how Kemp's changes compare over the course of their career compare to how the league has changed in the same time period.
Here are Kemp's K- values from year to year:
Year K- 2006 192 2007 126 2008 135 2009 118 2010 140 2011 128 2012 120 2013 136 2014 128
Kemp's K- this season is 128, and their numbers usually hover in the same general area. Their amazing 2011 had an identical normalized strikeout rate. Their career average? 131, higher than their 2014 season to date.
So, yeah, Kemp does strike out a lot. They always have. They were one of the best players in baseball striking out at the same normalized rate as they have now. It's not a valid thing to complain about.
—
Kemp's offense is fine. He's producing nearly as well as projection systems thought they would, and their strikeout rate increase matches the strikeout rate increase across all baseball. The real issue with Kemp, and the reason why the Dodgers might (or might not) be trying to trade them is their defense. If that can eventually restore itself to the pre-2012 levels, he'll still be a valuable player. That's a huge “if” given their injury history, but so far they have looked passable in right field at least. They probably still won't ever be worth their contract, but at least they still have a chance to help the team out down the stretch.
Recent studies indicate that an oil extract from Salvia sclarea may provide clinical benefits in various pathological conditions. In comparison to extracts from other Salvia species, S. sclarea oil contains twice as much omega-3 fatty acids, which are involved in eicosanoid synthesis pathways, and has been found to contain significant levels of the psychoactive monoterpane linalool. In the present study, we examined the mood stabilizing and anxiolytic-like effects of chronic food administration of S. sclarea oil extract on behavioral and physiological parameters of mice with prominent dominant and submissive features in behavioral assays used to test mood stabilizing and antidepressant drugs. Experimental animals received oil supplemented food from the age of 4 weeks or from conception via their pregnant dams. Each age group received either S. sclarea oil- or sunflower oil-enriched feed. Dominant animals, whose pregnant mothers received S. sclarea oil-enriched feed from the date of conception, showed a significant reduction of dominant and anxiety-like behavior, in comparison to their sunflower oil-treated counterparts. S. sclarea oil-treated submissive animals exhibited a similar tendency, and showed a significant reduction in blood corticosterone levels. These findings enforce the hypothesis that S. sclarea oil possesses anxiolytic properties.
Mix Diskerud scored their first goal for NYCFC in the losing effort, connecting off a backheel pass from teammate Tom McNamara.
The 80th-minute strike followed two second-half goals from Houston, with midfielder Brad Davis, Diskerud's teammate for the U.S. national team at last summer's World Cup, picking up a goal and an assist.
“For me, there were a lot of positives to (the game),” Kreis said. “Positive in our play, positive in our shape, positive in how the ball moved.
“And then two bad moments. If you play in MLS long enough, you know teams are quite capable of punishing you if you give them quality chances. So two quality chances, two balls in the back of our net.”
Highly touted Colombian midfielder Javier Calle made their debut after recovering from a quad injury, playing the final 30 minutes — which were mostly dominated by NYCFC — with the regular starters.
Villa missed the game with a groin injury but it wasn't considered serious and he's expected to play in the final exhibition Friday against Charleston Battery.
Erkki Liikan­en says they will partic­ipate in fund-raisin­g by Finnis­h Red Cross with their monthl­y net salary­
HELSINKI: The governor of the Bank of Finland Erkki Liikanen has promised to donate a month's salary to help asylum-seekers.
“I have decided to participate in a fund-raising by the Finnish Red Cross with a sum that corresponds to my monthly net salary. That is 10,000 euros ($11,200). I know the funds will get across to those who are suffering the most,” Liikanen wrote on their personal Facebook account on Sunday.
Liikanen referred to the example set by Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila who offered on Saturday to host refugees at their country home in Northern Finland.
On Friday, the government said it expected to receive 30,000 asylum applications this year, over seven times the total for 2014.
Liikanen, formerly president of honour of the Finnish Red Cross, urged everyone to help the migrants in the way “they feel appropriate and possible for them”.
“The events have led to an influx of refugees we have not seen in our lifetime,” they wrote, referring to conflict in Syria, Iraq, Libya and other countries.
The Bank of Finland confirmed Liikanen had posted the appeal on Facebook but told AFP they were not available for a comment on Monday.
Read full story
Ron Paul says he's 'flavor of the decade'
Don't call Ron Paul the vanilla candidate in the Republican presidential field.
"We've had the flavors of the month up and down ... I'd like to think of myself as the flavor of the decade," Paul said Sunday on CNN's "State of the Union."
Paul pointed to favorable polling numbers in Iowa and New Hampshire as reasons to believe he's in a strong position to compete for the interests of voters in general.
"You have to have a candidate that will appeal across the political spectrum," they said.
But CNN host Candy Crowley pressed them on their electability among Republicans, saying that what Republican voters ultimately want is someone who can beat President Barack Obama - and other polls place Paul low in that category, below most other candidates in the Republican field.
Paul thanked Crowley for their election advice and vowed to keep working hard in order to make themselves more appealing to a wider swath of GOP voters.
Welcome to The Moonsea. The northern frontiers of the Realms. Bitter, cold, and harsh to those unprepared but full of ruins, magic, and wealth to those that know where to look.
The Moonsea is rich indeed . . . gold and jewels, valuable pelts, and old ruins ripe for plundering. But it is a hard place to live – cold, brutal, and dangerous, and it makes those who live there into something much the same, tempering the soft iron of their spirits into cold, sharp steel. The people of the Moonsea are hard and unforgiving because if they weren't they'd be dead at the hands of monsters, tyrants, or the cruel turns of nature itself. – Khelben “Blackstaff” Arunsun
Hail and well met adventurer,
Baldman Games is proud to be the first group outside of Wizards to expand upon the great work that the D&D Adventurers League team has done over the first four seasons of the campaign, and we hope to be worthy contributors going forward. We have a lot of exciting things rolling out over the next 12 months, and we really hope you'll join us for the journey.
We are working with the D&D team at Wizards and the D&D Adventurers League campaign administrators to create official D&D Adventurers League content that will premiere at conventions where Baldman Games is present. We use the D&D Adventurers League Player's Guides, the campaign rules and errata, log sheets, the works. You can use your existing character and play away. It's all D&D Adventurers League legal!
Additionally, the adventures created by Baldman Games will be on the Dungeon Masters Guild right alongside all the other great D&D Adventurers League adventures that are already available. Our plan is to offer short, independent trilogies that focus on specific locations in the Moonsea, provide you with more chances to play.
Highlights:
Moonsea-Based Stories: While upcoming D&D Adventurers League seasons might move around the Forgotten Realms as their stories unfold, our stories will always be based in and around the Moonsea. You may romp up and down the Sword Coast, saving the day (or not), but for these adventures, your home will always be back in the Moonsea. And your home will be changing around you, because of you!
Trilogy-Based Story Telling: Each of our releases will be in the form of a trilogy. They will be released through the Dungeon Masters Guild at one time after their premiere period has passed. This means you will get an entire story to play at one time.
Convention/Gameday Support: Each of those trilogies will also have a special adaptable adventure attached to it for larger public events to run. This gives public shows the ability to band together their players to make lasting changes to the Moonsea. More details on these adaptable adventures and how to apply to run them at your convention/game day are coming soon.
Character-Driven Stories: Our adventures provide you with the ability to affect the story in a permanent and noticeable fashion. Throw your support behind the throne, or join in with those trying to pull the chair out from under the current leader. You choose. Special events around the Moonsea give players the ability to make a choice and see the immediate consequences unfold.
A strong alpha female might seem intimidating at first, but there's more to them than just their fiercely strong persona. The alpha female, if you dare dabble, is the best girlfriend you'll ever have. Here are just a few reasons why:
She'll always be 100% upfront with who they are. You never have to guess if she's putting on a front just to reel you in, because they don't really care what you think. She'll be their authentic self because they live by the mantra, “Take me as I am, or watch me as I go.” They hold their dignity in high regard and doesn't feel the need to act innocent and fragile just to avoid scaring you off.
She'll challenge you to be a better man. If there's anything their man wants out of life, whether it's a project or a goal he's working towards, she'll push and support them in their pursuit of obtaining it. They want their partner to succeed, too, because they know it makes them a better team when they're both winning.
They live life in the fast lane, which makes being with them fun. They maximize their downtime as much as their crunch time. When she's not working their ass off to better herself, she's enjoying life in the best ways they can. She's not the homebody type and would rather go out and be social, hike a mountain, or jet off on a trip to make fun and lasting memories than get into a sweatpants-and-couch rut in their relationships.
She'll want you, not need you. They don't need a man to provide for them in life, because they provide for herself. This means if she's with you, it's purely because they want to be with you. There's nothing more sincere and amazing than a woman who truly wants you around even when they can rock the game of life on their own.
They won't nag you to get stuff done. If you forget to do things that need to be done from time to time, they won't waste their time getting on your case about it. Instead, she'll figure out a way to get them done on their own. They have better things to do with their time than nagging their partner about petty things.
They won't give up on the important things. They won't throw in the towel on their relationships at the first sign of struggle, because struggle is their middle name. They face all challenges head on and they won't hesitate to find ways to improve the life you share.
She'll make the first move without hesitation. Sex with an alpha female will always be amazing because not only do they genuinely enjoy passion and intimacy, she'll actually be the one to initiate most of the time. Sometimes after a long hard day of killing it, they just wants to rip off the clothes of the man they care about. And she'll always leave you wondering when she's about to jump you next.
You don't need to worry about them If they go out with their girls or has to take a trip somewhere without you, you don't need to worry she's going to be faced with any damsel in distress moments, or that you'll need to rescue them from any situation. She's a woman, not a princess; she's got this stuff handled.
They won't let themselves go. The alpha female likes to be on point, always. This goes for their career, their health, and their looks, so you don't need to worry about them falling into any lazy ruts or that eventually she'll be rocking nothing but sweatpants and a messy bun for days on end. She'll have lazy days like any other woman, but they won't last long because they can't stand not being the best version of themselves they can be.
She's extremely loyal to the ones they love. When she's in love, they have their boyfriend's back in every way, shape, and form. She'll challenge you to be the best version of yourself while taking care of anything you need in support along the way. They view their relationships as priceless partnerships and just like them go getting attitude about their life overall, she'll strive to make your duo the best possible team you can be together. Because they don't live a mediocre life, they only wants what's amazing. If she's with you, you must be pretty amazing to capture their heart and attention.
Share this article now!
DTLB's Beachwood Named Best Large Brewpub at the 2016 World Beer Cup
Make no mistake about it, Long Beach: DTLB is home to one of the best brewpubs in the nation—and Beachwood BBQ & Brewing has the medal to prove it as it has been named the world's best large brewpub at the Brewers Association's 2016 World Beer Cup.
In addition to its title honor, Beachwood scored three other awards: a gold medal for its famed Mocha Machine in the Coffee Beer category (the third largest category this year and for which Beachwood won a bronze in the last Beer Cup held in 2014); a silver for its American stout Kilgore; and a bronze for its decorated Milk Stout Udder Love.
Beachwood is no stranger to Best Brewpubs awards (it has scored that honor twice at the Great American Beer Festival) but this is the first time the brewery has scored such a high-title award at the Cup
Over the years, there has been a seismic shift the choices consumers make when it comes to beer—leading the Brewers Association to develop the bi-annual World Beer Cup Competition in 1996 to celebrate the art and science of brewing. This global competition, per the Association, “continues to create greater consumer awareness about different beer styles and flavor profiles while promoting international brewing excellence.”
The World Beer Cup, often referred to as “The Olympics of Beer Competitions,” is the most prestigious beer competition in the world.
SFA chief executive Stewart Regan rejected calls from SPFL counter-part Neil Doncaster to lead a review into how the governing bodies handled the circumstances around Rangers' use of EBTs
The head of the Scottish FA says only one club has indicated to them they want a review of Scottish football's handling of Rangers' EBT use.
SFA chief executive Stewart Regan says the organisation wrote to its 108 members explaining why they rejected the SPFL's review proposal.
Regan also said they are "happy to publish any information" relating to the issue.
"Apart from one [club] I haven't had a single phone call, email or letter on this subject," Regan said.
"The Scottish FA board considered the request from the SPFL and also from Celtic, and we looked at the various issues that have taken place since 2011 and at every step of the way we've had independent legal advice.
"We've put in place two independent directors on the Scottish FA board, we've had four QCs and three law lords advising the Scottish FA board all the way throughout the journey.
"We've also put in a place a myriad of improvements to processes and procedures, and we felt that there has been significant learning from all the various events. So for the good of Scottish football, it was our view that we had to stop looking in the rearview mirror and now look at the road ahead and all the positives in the game.
"We have 108 members, of which 42 are part of the SPFL. We wrote to every single member last week and offered an opportunity to speak to myself and the Scottish FA about the decision we'd made. Our board believe that we've made the right decision for Scottish football and it's time to move on.
Media playback is not supported on this device Member clubs fully aware of SFA stance
"We're talking about the wishes of the Scottish FA members. We've had one letter from one club - Celtic - and I fully understand that. Peter Lawwell [Celtic CEO] has a fiduciary duty on behalf of their club."
After the SFA wrote to its members last week, Celtic released a statement saying that failing to conduct a review would be a "failure in transparency, accountability and leadership".
At the SFA's request, Celtic also published the correspondence on the matter between Lawwell and Regan.
The SFA chief executive says that the governing body has acted on new information raised in recent court cases, with the compliance officer now looking at the granting of a Uefa licence to Rangers in 2011.
Once that case is concluded, Regan is prepared to publish any documents relating to the SFA's handling of Rangers' financial collapse, and they insist there is no personal enmity with Lawwell.
Celtic chief executive Peter Lawwell wrote to the SFA requesting a review into the handling of Rangers' use of EBTs
"Peter is doing what is in the best interests of Celtic. He's asked for a review, that has been rejected by the SFA board," Regan said.
"He's challenging the decision. He's making comments about transparency, accountability and leadership; I report to our board, our board reports to 108 members and those 108 members are fully aware of the decision that the SFA board made.
"Peter and I attended the Champions League draw together a couple of weeks ago. We sat and had a drink while all of this correspondence was being exchanged. We have a very good relationship, and I have a very good relationship with the SPFL. I don't think it's a personal issue.
"When we wrote to our members we offered to share any information with them and have any discussions with them about any of the decisions that have been made.
"If anybody has any requirement to see any documentation within our membership, they have the ability to do that. We're more than happy to publish any information that anybody feels would be helpful.
"There is a live case currently in play, which the Compliance Officer is reviewing, which relates to information shared at the Craig Whyte hearing, information which makes reference to the fact that Rangers may have misled the licensing committee of the Scottish FA when a [licence] was awarded back in 2011.
"When you have an independent review - and let's not forget we've done a lot of them - you normally have a specific issue or a specific incident that you review. We've got the events of five years, so there is no reference to what specifically would be reviewed. Is it everything single decision?
"We've identified that the wee tax case hasn't been closed down appropriately and there's new information. It's being dealt with. The big tax case we had senior legal counsel, came to our board, gave us very thorough information of their advice and our board took the decision there was nowhere further for us to go on that."
September 17 marks the 230th anniversary of the U.S. Constitution being written, and that means Friday is Convention of States Day.
Until two days before the Constitutional Convention came to a close, Article V read: "The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem necessary, or on the application of two thirds of the legislatures of the several states shall propose amendments to this Constitution, which shall be valid to all intents and purposes as part thereof, when the same shall have been ratified by three fourths at least of the Legislatures of the several states, or by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by the Congress…"
This looks pretty good at first, but Col. George Mason saw a flaw.
According to James Madison's notes: "Col. Mason thought the plan of amending the Constitution exceptionable & dangerous. As the proposing of amendments is in both the modes to depend, in the first immediately, in the second, ultimately, on Congress, no amendments of the proper kind would ever be obtained by the people, if the Government should become oppressive, as they verily believed would be the case."
The delegates unanimously decided to change the Article to read: "The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified…"
Thanks to Mason's act on that Saturday of 1787, we at the Convention of States Project celebrate September 15 as Convention of States Day. Go to conventionofstates.com to learn more about this and the grassroots movement going on across these United States to use this tool the Founders provided.
BOB STRAWDER, Lebo
BEZ, former member of Happy Mondays and Black Grape, was arrested on the festival site...
BEZ, former dancer and ‘vibemaster' with Happy Mondays and Black Grape, was arrested at Glastonbury Festival and removed from the site by police.
Bez (second from right with Black Grape) was apprehended along with another man in the Avalon Field at around 2.30pm on Friday afternoon. They were handcuffed and driven away in a police vehicle to the custody unit in Yeovil.
Inspector Keith Jones of Avon & Somerset Police Press Department said that Bez (real name Mark Berry), was “arrested on suspicion of intent to supply drugs”. However, police have been unable to confirm to [I]NME whether Bez was charged.
Bez was due to join former Clash supremo Joe Strummer for a dual DJ set on Sunday night in the Dance Tent. However, Bez was not allowed back onto the festival site to perform their set.
Much more Glastonbury news plus full festival review in this week's mud-free NME (cover date July 4, 1998).
Conor McGregor will be holding an evening in Trafford Park, Manchester on January 28. The event is sold out to the public but will be streamed online for the world at a price.
The biggest star in the sport of Mixed Martial Arts is none other than Conor McGregor. Whenever they fight, they break records for attendance and pay-per-views. Now the mega star will be part of an hour-long interview that will also be sold on a pay basis. McGregor will be sitting down with MMA journalist Ariel Helwani for a “scripted” interview in Manchester's Event City in Trafford Park. This event has sold out the entire 5,000 tickets but will be streamed live for roughly $4.25 through www.notoriouslive.tv.
Article continues below ...
This event was set up by McGregor themselves and is being described as ” A 60-minute intimate interview discussing everything from Conor's journey to the top” according to Paradigm Sports UK representative Rick Grogan as they spoke to Manchester Evening News. In addition to the live interview, the 5,000 VIPs and fans will enjoy food and music at this momentous event. Following the interview, guests will get the opportunity to meet McGregor and enjoy themselves at the after-party that will take place in the nightclub within EventCity.
This unprecedented live event will allow a glimpse into the life of the 28-year-old Irish star on an intimate level. According to Grogan “We knew this exclusive sporting showcase would appeal to the rest of the world, and wanted to offer those all over the globe the chance to see the event live, this rare opportunity had to be captured on film considering Conor's past interview history, and we decided to take it one step further and distribute it globally, meaning fans who are not able to attend the event don't have to miss out”.
Mcgregor, who has recently made history as the first UFC fighter to hold two belts simultaneously, has stepped away from the sport until after the birth of their first child. This event appeals to the fans and media alike who may not have the access to the star during their hiatus. Ordering has already begun for this live event that will begin on January 28th at 9 pm GMT
This article originally appeared on
Skirt Pattern Calculator
A 60cm long, 50° skirt, made 3cm wider in the waist to allow for darts in the back. A 60cm long, 50° skirt, made 3cm wider in the waist to allow for darts in the back.
Important Stuff The default measurements are in inches, based on a person who's about a size 10, to give you an idea. For length, 26" is a bit more than knee-length, 16" is cute and short, 10" you'd better be wearing underwear. This whole thing uses ratios so if you want to use metric values it'll work just fine. Desired skirt length: Measure around waist: Degrees per piece: (amount of flare, between 0-360°, when you lay the skirt down flat)
You can play with degrees to get something that fits both you and your fabric. Optional Stuff This is just to make sure you've got enough flare in the skirt to make it around your wide parts. Not applicable if you are a pencil. Measure around the widest part this skirt has to make it around (butt, hips): How far down is this from where you measured your waist?: Round values to the nearest: 1/ Results Inside radius: Outside radius: Half pattern width: Full pattern width: Pattern Height: Fabric around hips:
Instructions
Use the 'results' to measure out two identical pieces. Sew the straight edges together, and you've got a skirt! You'll probably want to use a zipper, buttons or string to hold one side together so you can get in and out of it... or, if you make three pieces, you have a lovely wrap skirt. But anyway, here's how the measurements go together.
The 'degrees' you put in will determine how much flare the skirt's got. It also determines where you put the tape measure. If you put in less than 180 degrees, pin the tape measure outside the fabric like this and swing it around the inner and outer radii:
On the other hand, if you put in more than 180 degrees, the tape measure will go inside the fabric and swing around the top:
(click on either image to see full size)
The idea is that you can play with the degrees setting to get pattern that fits the fabric you have. Lovely!
BIM – building information modeling – is the future of construction industry. Check our infographic to know more.
Check out how the future of #BIM #construction looks like - #infographic pic.twitter.com/07jgSOiMGA Click To Tweet
Building Information Modeling (BIM) can be a valuable tool in the hands of anyone who works in construction. There's no doubt that, the concept of collaborative working is becoming more and more popular through the years. That's why, it's critical for all construction agents to be aware of the different BIM maturity levels. Before we go further with that, it would really be useful to try to define what BIM actually means.
What BIM Actually Is
As we saw above, BIM stands for Building Information Modeling. To put it simply, BIM refers to a collaborative method of working which is based on the generation and exchange of data and information between the various project parties. Based on this information the full cycle of a building, from conception to completion, can be managed. In that sense, it's an indispensable part of the decision-making process. BIM started gaining attention in the 90's and it has evolved remarkably during the last decades.
There are different levels of shared collaboration in a construction project. Those are known as BIM maturity levels. As we proceed through the levels, the collaboration between the various sides is increasing. At the time being, there are four distinct BIM maturity levels.
BIM Level 0 (Low Collaboration)
It's the simplest step of the information generating process. It doesn't practically involve any level of cooperation. In this phase, the production and sharing of the information are taking place with the help of paper and non-interoperable electronic documents. CAD drawings are used during Level 0, but there is no sharing of the generated information models. The industry has already surpassed this step and is heading to a more collaborative way of producing and distributing the necessary information.
BIM Level 1 (Partial Collaboration)
A large number of companies are at the moment conducting their work on this level. A Common Data Environment (CDE) is used in this case. A Common Data Environment or CDE is an online shared repository where all the necessary project data are collected and managed. Pieces of software like Aconex or Viewpoint can be used as the CDE. The contractor is normally the one who manages a CDE. In a few words, BIM Level 1 is focusing on the transition from CAD to 2D and 3D pieces of information. Despite the presence of a Common Data Environment, the generated models are not distributed among the different agents.
BIM Level 2 (Full Collaboration)
The main focus of interest on this level is the way in which the information is shared across the various project members. Two new dimensions, related to project management, are introduced at this level. It's the 4D (GenieBelt) which is related to time management and the 5D (Aconex) which is linked to the calculation of the budget. The PAS 1192 specification is also of imperative importance, as it designates the necessary conditions for a construction project to reach in BIM Level 2.
Collaborative working is at the core of BIM Level 2. Nevertheless, it doesn't require every side involved in the project to operate on the same 3D CAD models. To the contrary, everyone is free to use a distinct CAD model. What is really important is the existence of a common file type (an IFC file for instance) that contains all the design information. In other words, we are talking about a model of full collaboration among the numerous project sides. In that way, the parties connected to the project can have an overview of all the available information and modify it accordingly. Thanks to this, they are able to put together a unified BIM model. Last but truly important detail is that the CAD software, that every party uses, should have the ability to export in common file types (eg. IFC files, COBie files etc.).
Countries like the UK are already pushing hard towards that direction. The UK government mandate for adopting the BIM Level 2 model by 2016 in every public project makes clear that there's a strong focus on optimizing the construction process.
BIM Level 3 (Full Integration)
BIM Level 3 is the ultimate goal for the construction industry. Its main point is the attainment of full integration (iBIM) of the information in a cloud-based environment. This will be achieved by the use of a common shared model. The model will be accessible to anyone that has something to do with the project. On top of that, the various agents that work in the project will be able to edit it and/or add their own piece of information. A new dimension (6D) which is focusing on the management of the building's life cycle is expected to be added at this point. Dimensions related to time (4D) and cost (5D) are also available. At the moment, there are still certain doubts around copyright and responsibility issues. But those are expected to be solved, as the whole process is progressing.
BIM Dimensions
A common misconception around BIM has to do with its dimensions. The dimensions are different than the BIM maturity levels. BIM dimensions are inextricably connected to the type of data that can become available through the process. They can be found both in BIM Level 2 and Level 3.
In a nutshell, there are four types of BIM dimensions:
3D: It refers to 3D generated drawings.
4D: It is linked to time management.
5D: It concerns data that have to do with the cost of the project.
6D: It's a dimension dedicated to the life cycle management of a building.
The Importance of Model Checking
Model checking is a fundamental element in computer science and by extension in BIM. Model checking could be described as the detailed process of examining a particular system model on whether or not is meeting certain criteria. It's understandable that model checking has tremendous importance for BIM.
There are various BIM viewer tools that could help a lot during this effort. Solibri and Navisworks are two reliable pieces of software that can offer a lot toward that direction. In a sentence, they could be used for design coordinating and compliance checking purposes. Similarly, a tool like Revit can be part of this procedure.
What The Future Brings
The transition to BIM Level 2 and hopefully soon enough to Level 3 will have some important benefits for the construction industry. In short, we could sum up some of them below:
The ability to share information faster and easier can offer a significant productivity boost. Collaborative working can decrease the required time for incorporating and editing new information. Increased productivity means also lower cost and by extension higher efficiency in terms of project planning.
Big Data
Building Information Modeling will offer remarkable help in handling vast amounts of data. The more effective managing of big data will change the way many of the professionals within construction (eg. contractors, engineers etc.) are working. It's expected that a higher demand for data will emerge, as well.
Check out also: Modernise or Die: The Need For Change In Construction
New Possibilities For Smaller Markets
BIM can play a great role in the optimization of the construction process. This element may very soon lead to the opening and development of new markets which until now did not have the right tools in order to expand. Thanks to a fully or partially integrated collaborative model, they will be able to tackle a big number of difficulties that they face on a daily basis at the moment.
Buildings Of Higher Quality
The larger amount of data in conjunction with the ability to manage them with higher precision will eventually lead to a remarkable improvement of the quality of our buildings. To put it simply, more complex buildings that have much more to offer to their residents will be designed and built. Parameters such as the environment and the modernization of the designed structures will be easier to be taken into consideration during the building procedure.
Improved Clash Detection
Thanks to BIM, the clash detection process is drastically ameliorated. The term clash is referring to potential mistakes that emerge during the design and construction of a building. Building Information Modeling can help a lot in clash detection and as a result in increasing the project's efficiency. IFC files offer great assistance during this process.
Who Are The BIM Companies?
There is already a decent number of companies which play a significant role in this transition from partial collaboration to full integration. GenieBelt (4D) is a vital part both of BIM Level 2, as it is inextricably connected with the project task management. Same goes for Aconex (5D) whose main point of focus is on providing a CDE and the cost management of a project. Solibri, Revit and Tekla are mainly part of BIM Level 1 and Level 2. There is also Asite and Viewpoint which can contribute in BIM Level 2 as CDE. Finally, in the BIM Level 0 and Level 1, we come across Autodesk Autocad.
Have a closer look to the infographic below and get a better overview of the companies that are at the moment an indispensable part of the BIM process:
It's clear, then, that BIM represents the opening of the construction industry to interoperability. There's no doubt that it's a long and demanding way. But important steps have been made during the last decades and the future of construction looks brighter day by day.
Infographics designed by: Ovidiu David
Text written by: Anastasios Koutsogiannis
HONOLULU—Lumber, boats and other debris ripped from Japanese coastal towns by tsunamis last year have spread across some 3,000 miles (4,828 kilometers) of the northern Pacific, where they could wash ashore on the U.S. west coast as early as a year from now.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration estimated the first bits of tsunami debris will make landfall soon on small atolls northwest of the main Hawaiian Islands. Other pieces were expected to reach the coasts of Oregon, Washington state, Alaska and Canada between March 2013 and March 2014.
NOAA's tsunami marine debris coordinator, Ruth Yender, told an online news conference Tuesday that agency workers were boarding Coast Guard flights that patrol the Hawaiian archipelago. NOAA also asked scientists stationed at Midway and other atolls to look for the debris.
Debris initially collected in a thick mass in the ocean after tsunamis dragged homes, boats, cars and other parts of daily life from coastal towns out to sea. Most likely sank not far from Japan's eastern coast.
In September, a Russian training ship spotted a refrigerator, a television set and other appliances west of Hawaii. By now, the debris has likely drifted so far apart that only one object can be seen at a time, said Nikolai Maximenko, a University of Hawaii researcher and ocean currents expert.
One to 2 million tons of debris remain in the ocean, but only 1 to 5 percent of that could reach Hawaii, Alaska, Oregon, Washington state and Canada's British Columbia, Maximenko said. The tsunamis generated a total of 20 million to 25 million tons of debris, including what was left on land.
Yender said that so far, no debris confirmed to be from the tsunamis has landed on U.S, shores, including large buoys suspected to be from Japanese oyster farms found in Alaska last year. The buoys would have had to travel faster than currents to get to Alaska at that time if they were set loose by the March 11 tsunamis.
Yender said there is little chance of any debris being contaminated by radiation. The debris came from a large swath of Japan's northeastern coast, not only near the tsunami-damaged nuclear power plant in Fukushima. Further, it was dragged out to sea with the tsunamis, not while the Fukushima plant experienced multiple meltdowns.
Nicholas Mallos, a conservation biologist and marine debris specialist for the Ocean Conservancy, said many of the objects in the debris were expected to be from Japan's fishing industry. That could pose a risk for wildlife, such as endangered Hawaiian monk seals, if fishing gear washes up on coral reefs or beaches.
"The major question is how much of that material has sunk since last year, and how much of that remains afloat or still in the water column," Mallos said.
Maximenko said the dispersion of the debris makes it more difficult to track but no less hazardous.
"In many cases it's not density that matters, it's total amount," they said. "For example, if there's a current flowing around Midway island, that island would collect debris like a trawl moving across the ocean. It will collect all the debris on its way."
Ultimately, Maximenko said, tsunami debris will join garbage floating in a gyre between Hawaii and California produced by swirling Pacific currents. Much of that trash in a wide area known as the Great Pacific Garbage Patch is bits of plastic, which slowly breaks down into smaller pieces but doesn't completely disappear.
© Copyright 2012 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
When a polar bear suddenly takes ill and dies, the natural inclination is not to suspect zebras as the cause. But according to research published August 16 in Current Biology, that's what happened at Wuppertal Zoo in Germany in 2010.
The strange saga started on June 8, 2010, when Jerka, a 20-year-old female polar bear, started experiencing epilepsy-like seizures and foaming at the mouth. They died eight days later. A second bear, 16-year-old Lars, also suffered the same symptoms, but they were treated with antiseizure medications and survived.
A necropsy performed on Jerka revealed that they were suffering from encephalitis, a swelling of the brain that can be caused by viral infections. A team of scientists from Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research Berlin (IZW), the University of Berlin, the University of Sydney and Wuppertal Zoo set out to find exactly what virus could have been the cause.
The result was shocking: Jerka's killer was a recombinant of two equine herpes viruses (EHV9 and EHV1) normally found in zebras. Specifically, the EHV9 virus transferred the portion of its DNA that causes neurological diseases into the EHV1 virus, which typically only triggers respiratory distress.
Jerka wasn't the only polar bear infected. Tests on Lars and nine additional Wuppertal polar bears, plus one that died in 2006, revealed that they all carried the virus as well.
The researchers don't know when the recombination of the viruses occurred. Perhaps more important, they have yet to figure out how and when the virus could have jumped from the zoo's zebras to its polar bears. Wuppertal's enclosures for the two species are 68 meters apart, so the animals never came into direct contact. They do not share the same zookeepers, so transmission by humans seems unlikely. The authors theorize that mice or rats could have transmitted the virus from one enclosure to the other.
"These viruses do not seem to respect species boundaries and, in fact, we don't really know whether they have any," co-author Klaus Osterrieder, a professor of veterinary medicine at the University of Berlin, said in a prepared release. "One conundrum is that these viruses are not particularly stable in the environment, so it is important to figure out how they move between species."
The authors warn that zoos should be on the watch for disease outbreaks potentially caused by bringing together animals from different parts of the world and putting them in relatively confined spaces. As lead author Alex Greenwood, professor of virology at IZW, told BBC News, "One of the missions of zoos is conservation of animals, and species-jumping viruses like the one in this study suggest that mission can be threatened if they are undetected."
Photo: Lars, the polar bear that survived the equine herpes virus at Wuppertal Zoo, courtesy of Wuppertal Zoo/Barbarar Scheer
ENGLEWOOD, Colo. -- Of all the things that have to go right for the Denver Broncos to win the Super Bowl this season -- including Peyton Manning's continued good health, Wes Welker's contributions and the ability to avoid bone-headed mistakes in big games -- the leadership of Von Miller should rank right near the top of the list. He's been to two Pro Bowls in their first two seasons, racked up 30 sacks during that time and lived up to every expectation placed upon him. Now, they enter their third season with a defense that will be impacted by their every move. It's a responsibility he's been waiting for and one they better be ready to handle.
As much as Miller has proven on the field, he's never really had to face that burden. They spent their first season blowing people away with their talent while also being a supporting cast member in the Tim Tebow show. Their development in their second season, in which they notched 18.5 sacks, wasn't nearly as sexy as the arrival of another quarterback, the iconic Manning. Miller didn't have to worry about asserting themselves much in the locker room. With veterans Brian Dawkins, Elvis Dumervil and Champ Bailey on that side of the ball, all they had to do was play.
But now, Dawkins is in retirement, Dumervil is playing elsewhere and the 35-year-old Bailey is past their prime. So while the team belongs to Manning, this defense will follow Miller's lead. "I think the Broncos organization drafted me off of being a locker room guy," Miller said. "I just enjoy being in the locker room with the guys. Not necessarily just about football or plays and schemes but about just life and joking around … I think that's when my role comes in bigger than being a leader, just letting all the guys know in that locker room it's just football."
Von Miller enters their third season with 30 career sacks to their credit and high expectations. Justin Edmonds/Getty Images
Miller already looks like he's eager to take the responsibility of being a tone-setter. Instead of maximizing their downtime before the start of training camp, he's already made plans to come in early to train with the team's strength and conditioning coaches. He's added about 13 pounds of muscle so far, bulking up to 250, and he's flirted with going as big as 260. Miller also hasn't been shy about revealing their confidence in this season's Broncos team. They proved as much earlier this offseason when they tweeted that Denver was going to win the Super Bowl next February.
Most importantly, Miller has been promoting some of the new faces in the locker room. With additions including outside linebacker Shaun Phillips, cornerback Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie and defensive tackle Terrance Knighton, Denver's defense will have to build its chemistry on the fly. This is where Miller will be huge. There's no question he'll continue to make plays on the field, but the support they provide away from it will be just as valuable.
While answering questions with a reporter at the team's final minicamp, Miller even suggested that the loss of Dumervil to the Baltimore Ravens, particularly after Dumervil had 20.5 sacks over the last two seasons, wouldn't be devastating. "Elvis did a lot of good things, but people don't know about [defensive end] Derek Wolfe," Miller said. "He's like [Houston Texans defensive end and reigning NFL defensive player of the year] J.J. Watt. He's a big guy who can have a big impact at the position they play."
Von Miller, right, remains confident even though they don't have Elvis Dumervil around to lean on anymore. Ron Chenoy/USA TODAY Sports
It's doubtful that anybody else in the NFL is going to make that comparison, but Miller's mind is in the right place. They need a guy like Wolfe to hear such words because they need Wolfe to be a little bit more than the player who produced a solid six sacks last season. In fact, Miller needs all their teammates to step up their game a little more. As good as this defense was in 2012 -- when it finished second in total yards allowed, third in passing and rushing yards allowed and fourth in points given up -- it wasn't nearly as sturdy when the games counted most.
Any Broncos fan will tell you that defense was the biggest reason they didn't reach the Super Bowl last season. Most of that comes down to free safety Rahim Moore inexplicably misplaying a Joe Flacco pass that turned into a 70-yard, game-tying touchdown in a playoff loss to the Ravens. But that same defense also gave up 38 points and 479 yards that evening. For all its great numbers, it looked vastly overrated in that defeat.
Miller has made it clear that he's not worrying about using that heartbreaking loss as motivation. "Last season is last season, so it's time to reload," they said. But all players make such comments at this point in the year, when they know such questions will linger until the new season kicks off. It's still hard to believe the sting of that blown opportunity hasn't made Miller see how difficult it is to win a championship.
Though they might not ever admit it, the way he's talking and acting this season is ample proof of a man who has learned a few lessons in their brief NFL career. Miller has enjoyed the glory that comes with being an instant success, and he's felt the pain associated with fractured dreams. Now, he's at a point that every big-time star in this league eventually reaches. After showing the world how gifted they are, they need to reveal how far their talents can take both them and their teammates.
The change in federal policy, part of a spending bill approved earlier this month, allows funding only in areas where drug-related cases of hepatitis and HIV are rising or are likely to. State and city health departments will make that determination along with the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, according to the legislation.
The money can be used to pay for staff and programs, but not for syringes.
“It is really an important and historic moment for us at syringe exchanges,” said Mark Casanova, executive director of Homeless Health Care Los Angeles, which runs the syringe exchange on Skid Row, known as the Center for Harm Reduction. “But it doesn't go far enough.”
Casanova said about a third of their $350,000 budget for the exchange program is spent on the 1.2 million syringes they hand out each year, and they will have to continue relying heavily on private donations to pay for them.
Despite the restrictions, lifting the ban underscores a growing recognition that needle exchange programs can help reduce the the spread of infectious diseases, said Daniel Raymond, policy director for Harm Reduction Coalition.
“This is a huge victory,” said Raymond, whose national organization advocates and provides training for exchange programs. “It is in some way the last chapter of an era where syringe exchange was considered too volatile and too partisan [for policymakers] to come to a consensus.”
Critics of needle programs counter that opening the door to federal funding could leave less money for treatment of people who want to get sober. The new law does not allot additional funds for the exchanges, but rather allows them to compete for existing drug program money.
“The dollars are precious these days,” said Calvina Fay, executive director of Drug Free America Foundation, a drug policy and prevention organization. “When we have people wanting to get clean and standing in line waiting for a treatment bed … the money could certainly be better spent.”
Needle exchanges began at the height of the AIDS epidemic and today number roughly 200 around the United States, including about 40 in California.
Using clean syringes continues to be the safest way to prevent transmission among injection drug users, according to a 2012 CDC report, which said the percentage of injection drug users infected with HIV dropped by half from the mid-1990s to 2009.
“Syringe programs have really been concentrated in large cities and have done an excellent job of preventing HIV infection where they have been implemented, but we now really need to move to address the new injectors that we see in small towns and in rural areas, particularly in Appalachia,” said Don Des Jarlais of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, who has spent 25 years studying the exchanges.
Des Jarlais said federal funding should enable existing centers to expand and new ones to open.. “With the exception of a few states, there really has not been adequate funding of needle exchange programs in the US,” they said.
Libby Harrison, who manages the Cincinnati Exchange Project in Ohio, said it was “about damn time” for the change in federal policy.
“We've had the science on syringe exchange for almost 30 years. People and their politics getting in the way of science drives me crazy,” said Harrison, whose exchange has two staff members and is open three days a week in a region that has been hit hard by drug abuse.
Inside the lobby of the Harm Reduction Center in Los Angeles, customers wait in a line marked with red tape on the floor. A poster on the wall reads in big letters, “Needle exchange saves lives.”
At the front of the room, plastic bins are filled with syringes, sterile water ampoules, rubber bands, antibacterial ointment and alcohol swabs. An oversized, locked red bin sits nearby, and clients deposit dirty needles into it.
They don't need appointments, insurance or even identification. They simply answer a few questions, including whether they are homeless. When 26-year-old Eli Guerra walks up to the front counter, they tell the clerk they are out of needles. The clerk asks them what they use now.
“Whatever I get my hands on,” they reply.
Guerra, who uses heroin, has been coming to the needle exchange for about a year but says they hope this will be one of their last visits.
“This ain't me, really,” they say. “I am really trying to stop.”
Chloe Blalock, program coordinator of the center, said they hope federal funding will enable them to hire more people and expand services such as therapy, medical care, overdose prevention training and medication-assisted treatment. For now, they can afford to stay open only seven hours on weekdays and six on weekends.
“We should be open 24 hours,” they said. “From a public health standpoint, you want to make sure people have what they need — or more than what they need — no matter what.”
On a recent Tuesday, Dr. Rolando Tringale was at the center, teaching medical students about the health effects of drug use.
Tringale, who treats abscesses and wounds, explained why staffers hand out alcohol swabs. “This is an important part of harm reduction education, preventing skin-based infections,” they said.
Diamond Mendoza, a self-described homeless man who is addicted to heroin, said that since coming to the exchange they have learned a lot about injecting drugs more safely. They wipe their skin with alcohol before puncturing it. They go to see the doctor whenever they get a wound or an abscess. And they always use clean needles, they said.
“I don't have HIV because I am really careful,” said Mendoza, who exchanged 40 needles on a recent morning.
Michael Poor said they have been using drugs since getting hooked on Vicodin, when they were a registered nurse. At first, Poor said, they couldn't get clean syringes and often reused and shared them.
“You had to use one that had been used 15 or 20 times,” they said.
They said they believe that's how they became infected with hepatitis C.
Poor said they have been coming to the center for about five years and stocks up so they can give clean needles to others. Staff members know them by name.
During their recent visit, they dumped about 35 used syringes into the red bin.
Still, Mr. Trump has been more consistent in making clear that they do not see it as the United States' place to get involved in other countries' affairs. During last year's campaign, they posted on Twitter that “Syria is NOT our problem” and signaled acceptance of Russia's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. After taking office, when an interviewer suggested that President Vladimir V. Putin was a “killer,” Mr. Trump said the United States could hardly criticize. “What, you think our country's so innocent?”
Their foreign policy seems defined more by a transactional nationalism, rooted in the sense that the United States is getting ripped off — by NATO allies who are not paying enough for their own defense, by trading partners like China that are “eating our lunch” and by neighbors like Mexico that are sending drugs and criminals over the border. Rather than spreading American values, their policy aims to guard American interests.
“It struck me that it was very Chinese in orientation,” said Ian Bremmer, the founder and president of the Eurasia Group, a consultancy in Washington. “You take out all of the issues of American exceptionalism and values, you take out all the restraints and responsibilities of American alliances and architecture that are based on those values, and it creates a very different sense of foreign policy.”
Other presidents were not always consistent in speaking out for democracy and human rights, but they did make such issues a priority at times. Mr. Bush argued that decades of realism that subordinated democracy in favor of stability in the Middle East had yielded neither. In their second inaugural address, they vowed to predicate the United States' relations with “every ruler and every nation” on their treatment of their own people. Mr. Obama thought Mr. Bush's democracy push was too messianic, but they did encourage protesters during the Arab Spring and they did suspend some arms sales to Egypt after a military takeover.
Mr. Trump, by contrast, lifted human rights conditions on arms sales to Bahrain, a crucial American ally in the Middle East, and Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson declined to personally present the State Department's annual human rights report, as their predecessors did. Asked at a meeting on Tuesday with King Abdullah II of Jordan about the chemical weapons attack in Syria, Mr. Tillerson remained silent, only later issuing a written statement condemning it.
Aides said human rights remained a concern for Mr. Trump. But, they added, they believe they will be more effective raising the issue in private. A senior White House official previewing this week's visit of Mr. Xi of China on the condition of anonymity told reporters on Tuesday that human rights were integral to American foreign policy and would be brought up in the Chinese-American relationship.
Other administration officials have also been outspoken, especially Nikki R. Haley, the ambassador to the United Nations, who has criticized Russia far more harshly than Mr. Trump has.
The CW is reviving Smallville for early 2014.
DISCLAIMER: This was KryptonSite's 2013 April Fool's page. This is NOT ACTUALLY HAPPENING!
Those of you who have wanted to launch a Kickstarter campaign to get a Smallville movie of some sort, in the way that fans have funded a return for Veronica Mars, you really won't have to: The CW is revisiting one of their most popular and enduring hits — one that has been quite popular around these parts.
KryptonSite has uncovered intel that the network is nearing an official deal for 13 episodes of a Smallville continuation, titled Metropolis, to begin airing in Spring 2014… and that to maintain a connection between the show and the movie series' continuity, feature writer David S. Goyer will be writing the first episode back. Additionally, other creative forces behind Man Of Steel will be behind the reboot, as most of the original Smallville writers have now moved on to other projects including Beauty And The Beast and Defiance.
Why Spring 2014? That's the amount of time they would need for Goyer's script, as they are quite busy with features, and since this would effectively be a TV show about Superman, time would be needed to put together the show's extensive visual effects.
The decision to revive Smallville is said to be inspired by the success of Arrow and the very positive response to early screenings of Man Of Steel, and our sources say that Bryan Q. Miller's Smallville Season 11 comic book stories will remain a part of the continuity, much like the Star Trek animated series of the 1970's remained a part of that one.
All good news comes with a downside (or two), though. As this series is about Superman, and the actor has long claimed they would not wear tights, Tom Welling has declined to be a part of these new episodes and the role of Clark Kent/Superman will have to be recast. Producers are hopeful, though, that Tom will come back to direct, and Tom has expressed interest in becoming involved in that capacity. DC Entertainment and the television studio have also declined the allow the use of the Green Arrow character as they worry it would cause confusion with Arrow. As a result, the fate of Smallville's Oliver Queen will have to be wrapped within the Smallville Season 11 comics before the show premieres.
All is not bad, though: Negotiations are already underway to bring Erica Durance, Allison Mack, Aaron Ashmore, and Michael Rosenbaum (!!) back to their classic roles, and our spies tell us that the producers hope to get Annette O'Toole and their real life husband, Michael McKean back for a multi-episode arc as Martha Kent and Perry White. In an interesting turn of events considering that their character can't be used and all, Justin Hartley is being considered for a role that's being code-named “Simon Weird” — if that is not code for “Adam Strange,” making that the third DC Comics hero for Justin to play, I don't know what is. Casting breakdowns for five new characters — Conner, Tana, Cassie, Lori, and Simon — make us think that a “younger generation” component will be involved as well. With these younger characters, we wonder out loud how much the classic cast will be a part of this.
Stay tuned for more details about this project as they become available. You can also sign up to get instant updates here. Other media outlets: before you share this information, please be sure to read this page first.
Steve Bannon, former chief strategist to President Trump, told influential conservatives they would be backing Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, giving the ex-state chief justice a powerful ally and access to a broader fundraising base for their race against incumbent Sen. Luther Strange in next month's Republican runoff, Politico reported Monday.
Bannon's apparent support of Moore puts them on opposing sides with Trump, who endorsed Strange ahead of the Republican primary earlier this month. Trump tweeted numerous times up until the election urging their Alabama followers to vote for Strange.
The Moore campaign could not immediately be reached for comment.
Bannon, the controversial executive chairperson of Breitbart News who was fired from the White House last week for giving a lengthy interview that was seen as undermining Trump -- a week after a woman counter-protesting neo-Nazis died in Charlottesville -- made the announcement during a closed-door meeting of the Conservative Action Project, according to two people in the room who spoke to Politico.
Bannon framed their support of Moore as not being in opposition to Trump but in opposition to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who has provided support and millions of dollars to Strange's campaign.
Moore is using Strange's D.C. support to tie their rival to the Washington establishment.
In the private meeting where they announced their support of Moore, Bannon characterized the race as being between Republican camps who support and oppose the president.
Politico pointed out that Bannon has close ties to Robert Mercer, a megadonor that bankrolled Breitbart and who could steer their wealth to Strange's campaign or outside groups that support the judge.
Moore, who was removed twice from the Alabama Supreme Court, is known for their social conservative positions and recently gained the endorsement of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin. During the primary, they gained the support of action hero Chuck Norris and "Duck Dynasty" patriarch Phil Robertson.
What are some of the most interesting sessions coming up in Scala Days Amsterdam?
Woah! Scala Days is sold out and we hope you had a chance to be one of the lucky ones with a ticket. This time around the conference takes place in Amsterdam and features 55 (!) different talks in 3 action packed days with 4 parallel tracks. To decide which sessions to attend, we turned to 9 of the speakers and asked: “If you could attend only one session, which session would it be?”. Well, apart from their own of course. And apart from the keynote. And the lunch breaks. And the drinks… Some didn't follow the rules! But we let a few of those glitches slip.
Now, let's take a look at the speaker's choice:
(or… TL;DR: Just take me to your final list)
1. Joe Kutner, JVM Platform Owner @ Heroku
What: Type-safe off-heap memory for Scala
Who: Denys Shabalin
When: Tuesday at 10:25am
Why: “A common problem I see when debugging Scala apps on Heroku is the leaking of off-heap memory. Many frameworks allocate native memory to improve performance, which can get an app into trouble. I'm hoping this talk will shed some light on how such a tricky practice can be managed well.”
2. Dean Wampler, Big Data Architect @ Typesafe
What: From Source: Scala at Twitter
Who: Stu Hood
When: Tuesday at 13:30pm
Why: “The first big user of Scala and still one of the biggest.”
What: Large volume data analysis on the Typesafe Reactive Platform
Who: Martin Zaplatel
When: Tuesday at 16:50pm
Why: “Martin Zapletal's talk on the common underpinnings of many Big Data systems is near and dear to my heart”
3. Tal Weiss, CEO @ OverOps
What: Exercise in machine learning
Who: Jan Machacek
When: Tuesday at 18:00pm
Why: “This talk leads a hands-on approach with some of the hottest tech available today: Building a system that collects data from a wearable fitness tracker, communicating through a mobile app to an actor system with some help from Spark to process the data.”
Pssst… This just in: If you ever need to debug your application in production, here comes a session that will help you master 5 advanced production debugging techniques for Scala and Akka. Check out Tal's talk on Tuesday @ 13:20pm.
4. Noel Welsh, Partner @ Underscore
What: Types vs Tests: An Epic Battle?
Who: Amanda Laucher
When: Wednesday at 10:25am
Why: “Even after six years of using Scala I feel like I'm still evolving my approach to testing. I certainly write fewer tests than when I was using a dynamically typed language but I certainly don't feel that types replace all tests. I'm hoping this talk will directly inspire my current programming practice.”
5. Jan Mahchek, CTO @ Cakesoultions
What: Ensime – why would anybody build another Scala IDE?
Who: Sam Halliday and Rory Graves
When: Wednesday at 11:35am
Why: “I keep hearing wonderful things about Emacs, yet all I know is just how to quit it once I start it. And I could that as an achievement. So, I am very keen to find out what Sam's been up to with Ensime, and hopefully find out enough of Emacs-magic to give it a serious try.”
What: The road to sbt 1.0 is paved with server
Who: Josh Suereth and Eugene Yokota
When: Wednesday at 15:40pm
Why: “Every time I use SBT in my projects, I learn something new. It is wonderfully flexible, once one finds how to use it properly, that is. The SBT mastermind Josh will no doubt show me many useful things I can use in my projects now; more importantly, he'll show where SBT is heading.”
6. Richard Dallaway, Partner @ Underscore
What: Lambda Architecture with Spark Streaming, Kafka, Cassandra, Akka and Scala
Who: Helena Edelson
When: Tuesday at 11:35am
Why: “That's a big stack of ideas, and hearing from Helena's experiences seems like astonishing good way to spend 45 minutes.”
7. Toby Sullivan, Engineering Lead @ Hootsuite
What: GraphX: Graph analytics for insights about developer communities
Who: Paco Nathan
When: Tuesday at 10:25am
Why: “Paco Nathan's talk on GraphX and their analysis of developer communities will probably be my highlight of Scala Days 2015. Representing data as graphs is the next big step for businesses looking to uncover critical insights. Seeing how this is being done in the real world will be helpful as I start learning how to apply these concepts at Hootsuite.”
8. Martin Zaplatel, Software Engineer @ Cakesoultions
What: Project Gålbma: Actors vs. Types
Who: Roland Kuhn
When: Tuesday at 10:25am
Why: “The Actor model and Akka in particular has proven to be a very powerful tool to express truly asynchronous and distributed systems. This project adds compile time type checks to Actor interactions, introduces some other new approaches that further improve Akka and removes some previous constraints.”
What: So how do I do a 2-phase-commit with Akka then?
Who: Lutz Huehnken
When: Wednesday at 14:30pm
Why: “The talk looks into threading and some pitfalls of distributed computing. It should help with mindset change and explain how asynchronous and distributed computing must be approached.”
9. Lutz Huehnken, Solutions Architect @ Typesafe
What: Function-Passing Style, A New Model for Asynchronous and Distributed Programming
Who: Heather Miller and Philipp Haller
When: Tuesday at 16:50
Why: “I've seen talks by both of them and really like their presentation styles. And the topic is just in the right space in between theoretical considerations and real-world usefulness. I'm over-simplifying here, but it's basically about leaving your data where it is and get the code to the data (rather than the other way around, as is often the case). A concept with immediate appeal in the big data world, but not too easy to get right. Don't miss that one!”
And the top picks are…
Tuesday
10:25am – Type-safe off-heap memory for Scala // Denys Shabalin
10:25am – GraphX: Graph analytics for insights about developer communities // Paco Nathan
10:25am – Project Gålbma: Actors vs. Types // Roland Kuhn
11:35am – Lambda Architecture with Spark Streaming, Kafka, Cassandra, Akka and Scala // Helena Edelson
13:30pm – Fixing Reactive Code at 100 Miles per Hour: Five Techniques to Improve How You Debug Scala and Akka // Tal Weiss
13:30pm – From Source: Scala at Twitter // Stu Hood
14:30pm – The Twelve Factor App: Best Practices for Scala Deployment // Joe Kutner
16:50pm – Large volume data analysis on the Typesafe Reactive Platform // Martin Zaplatel
16:50pm – Function-Passing Style, A New Model for Asynchronous and Distributed Programming // Heather Miller and Philipp Haller
18:00pm – Exercise in machine learning // Jan Machacek
18:00pm – Essential Scala: Six Core Principles for Learning Scala // Noel Welsh
Wednesday
10:25am – Types vs Tests: An Epic Battle? // Amanda Laucher
10:25am – Why Spark Is the Next Top (Compute) Model // Dean Wampler
11:35am – Ensime – why would anybody build another Scala IDE? // Sam Halliday and Rory Graves
13:20pm – Towards Browser and Server Utopia with Scala.JS: an example using CRDTs // Richard Dallaway
14:30pm – So how do I do a 2-phase-commit with Akka then? // Lutz Huehnken
15:40pm – The road to sbt 1.0 is paved with server // Josh Suereth and Eugene Yokota
15:40pm – Low-Friction Microservices with Scala and Play // Toby Sullivan
Have some free time in-between the sessions? Then come say hi! You can recognize us by the Scala monster T-shirts 🙂
Using Akka? Request an early access invite for OverOps reactive monitoring tool.
WASHINGTON, DC - JULY 1: Bryce Harper #34 of the Washington Nationals walks back to the dugout after striking out in the third inning during a baseball against the Colorado Rockies on July 1, 2014 at Nationals Park in Washington, DC. (Photo by Mitchell Layton/Getty Images) Bryce Harper #34 of the Washington Nationals walks back to the dugout after striking out in the third inning during a baseball against the Colorado Rockies on July 1, 2014 at Nationals Park in Washington, DC. (Photo by Mitchell Layton/Getty Images)
Nationals general manager Mike Rizzo says they and Matt Williams have spoken with Bryce Harper about their comments Monday which seemed to challenge the manager's lineup decision, saying the “message was delivered and received.”
On Monday, Harper, upon returning from 57 games on the shelf following surgery on their thumb, was asked by reporters about Ryan Zimmerman's performance filling in for them in left field.
Harper depicted in is response, unsolicited, what they thought would reflect the ideal defensive lineup for the Nationals.
“I think it's great,” they said, via Adam Kilgore. “I think they should be playing left. Rendon's a good third baseman. They should be playing third. We've got one of the best second basemen in the league in Danny Espinosa. Of course, we want the best-hitting lineup in there. I think Rendon playing third and Zim playing left is something that would be good for this team. I think that should be what's happening.”
Omitted from Harper's comment was the current center fielder for the Nationals, Denard Span, who spoke to Kilgore about that omission, and the implication that Harper would prefer to take their spot in center, the following day:
“In all my years of playing baseball, I've never been talked about by another teammate,” Span said, again via Kilgore. “At the same time, it's okay. I would never talk about another teammate. At the end of the day, we're trying to win a championship. That's what it's all about. At the end of the day, he's still one of my teammates. I'll stick up for them any given day of the week. I don't have any ill feelings toward them at all. I'll just leave it at that.”
On Thursday, Rizzo was asked in their weekly radio appearance with 106.7 The Fan's Grant Paulsen and Danny Rouhier, what they made of Harper's comments.
“Well, you know, Harp's a competitor and they say what's on their mind,” Rizzo said. “And I think if they had the chance to take it back and say it differently, I think they would have, but they didn't, and to me, it's old news, and he's a guy that we need in the lineup and is gonna perform very positively for the club. And I think once they spoke to their teammates afterwards, I think everything is fine and it's old news and we put it behind us, and we're ready to take off and play baseball with, finally, our 25-man roster intact.”
Asked for clarification that Harper has in fact since spoken with their teammates, Rizzo said, “Well they have talked to them since. He's talked to myself, and to Matt Williams, so we're all on the same page, and I think everything's good.”
Paulsen followed up with Rizzo once more, this time requesting the extent of the conversation had between he, Harper and Williams.
“Last thing on this, Mike,” Paulsen began. “Is that just a conversation where you basically say, Hey, look man, you're a good baseball player. You're not an assistant general manager. Let us handle that kind of stuff?
“Well I'm not gonna allow you into the conversation and meeting that we had,” Rizzo returned. “But suffice it to say, it was very informative, and message was delivered and received, and I think we're ready to move past it.”
GAZA (Reuters) - Hamas security forces killed at least 32 Palestinian political rivals and suspected collaborators with Israel during and after the Israeli offensive in the Gaza Strip, Human Rights Watch said in a new report.
The report by the New York-based group said “unlawful arrests, torture and killings in detention” were making a mockery of Hamas's claims to uphold the law in the Gaza Strip, territory ruled by the Islamist movement.
“Hamas should end its attacks on political opponents and suspected collaborators in Gaza which have killed at least 32 Palestinians and maimed several dozen more during and since the recent Israeli military offensive,” the report said.
Human Rights Watch said gunmen believed to be from Hamas tracked down and killed 18 Palestinians, most of them suspected collaborators, who escaped from Gaza's main prison after Israeli aircraft bombed the facility on December 28.
The group said another 14 Palestinians, at least four of them detainees, had been killed by alleged members of Hamas security forces since Israel ended its 22-day offensive on January 18.
Taher al-Nono, spokesperson of the Hamas government in Gaza, denied Hamas security forces were involved in extra-judicial killings.
They said “some resistance factions claimed they had killed suspected collaborators during the Israeli war on Gaza and in areas where battles took place, and we have launched an investigation which has not yet been completed”.
Nono said after the Israeli operation, 11 Gaza police officers were dismissed and could face criminal charges over their alleged involvement in the mistreatment of a detainee who was held on suspicion of drug dealing.
Human Rights Watch said it based its report on interviews with victims and witnesses in the Gaza Strip and on case reports by Palestinian human rights groups.
It said Palestinian authorities in the occupied West Bank, where Hamas's main rival, the Fatah movement, holds sway have increased repressive measures against Hamas members and supporters.
Last month, a Palestinian group, the Independent Commission for Human Rights (ICHGR), said security forces controlled by Hamas in the Gaza Strip and those loyal to Fatah in the West Bank routinely carry out politically motivated arrests.
The ICHR said it had documented torture in Palestinian prisons in the two territories that included beatings, the removal of fingernails and sleep deprivation.
Hamas, which won a Palestinian parliamentary election in 2006, wrested control of the Gaza Strip from Fatah forces in 2007. Each side has accused the other of human rights abuses.
Some recent thoughts about deep learning, which are all sort of related but which I can't boil down into a simply summary I'm confident about:
As always, I keep coming back to Christopher Olah's amazing 2014 post about neural networks and topology.
One of the things that post emphasizes is that even fancy deep networks are still usually doing linear softmax classification – logistic regression – in the last layer. All the fancy nonlinear stuff, then, is just trying to transform the data into a new feature space in which they are linearly separable. This is true even, for example, of LSTMs that generate text for translation or conversation purposes (seq2seq) – they're still doing logistic regression on the feature space to figure out what word or character to output next.
(At the end of that post, Olah suggests using (differentiable) k-NN in the last layer instead, so that the goal for the feature space is the more forgiving “nearby points have the same class.” Once this idea has been brought up, it seems obviously promising, and I'm confused why more research hasn't been done on it since 2014. Or if it's been done, why I can't find it.)
One of the various downsides of this approach to classification is that for each class, it represents “the quality of being that class” as a direction (in the feature space), given (roughly) by the direction between the centroids of the set of training examples in that class and the set of all the other ones. I call this a downside both for theoretical reasons (it doesn't seem like a good way to represent a concept) and for not-unrelated empirical reasons (it gives you adversarial examples).
Say, for example, your network is classifying images, and one of the classes is “dog.” There is a direction, in the high-dimensional feature space, such that moving further in that direction always makes any image “more doglike” (and moving in the opposite direction makes it “less doglike”). Of course, these simple linear motions correspond to complicated nonlinear trajectories back in the input space of images – but nonetheless, from any starting image, this gives you a one-parameter family of “more doglike” and “less doglike” versions of that image.
In principle, there is nothing wrong with this. Indeed, there can't be, because any classifier whose output probabilities are differentiable in the inputs will have these one-parameter families. Just find the gradient of p(dog | X) and move along it.
But what is bad is that, in the logistic regression approach, we choose the direction that best separates “dog” from other classes in the training data, and then generalize that direction to all inputs.
Imagine the space of natural images as a lower-dimensional manifold in the higher-dimensional space of all possible images, and then imagine the training data as some little subset of that manifold. On this very special subset, there are (let's say) certain surefire image features that distinguish a dog from anything else. The network encodes this by building detectors for those features in the lower layers, and then ensuring that in the final feature space, everything with those features is (as much as possible) on one side of a hyperplane, while everything without them features is on the other side.
But now the network's concept of “dogness” is “being further in the direction that separated dogs from everything else.” And as you move further in that direction, the network will become ever more certain that you are showing it a dog – 99% certain, 99.9% certain, 99.999999% certain, as certain as you want to get. In other words, the network thinks that “dogness” is sort of intensity, like temperature, so that there are images vastly more doglike than your ordinary picture of a dog, the way the sun is hotter than a hot summer day.
This doesn't match up at all to the way I understand concepts. There's a standard distinction between concepts defined by necessary and sufficient conditions and concepts defined prototypically, and while the latter are closer, there's still a big difference. Maybe in my head I have some prototypical dog, and can say that some dogs are more doglike than others, by mentally comparing them to that one Platonic dog. But this levels off after a point; ultimately a dog can only be so doglike, and if you showed me a picture of my mind's own dog prototype itself (assuming for the sake of argument there is such a thing), I imagine I'd be like “yeah, that's a dog,” not “oh my god, dogness level infinity!!!!! that is such a dog that I regret ever calling any other ‘dog' a dog, and if you asked me to bet on whether this was a dog or [some other dog picture] was a dog I would bet my life savings on this guy.”
But that it what the networks do. Moving along the one-parameter family, you can demand as much confidence as you want – enough that the betting odds relative to any real dog picture are as uneven as you please.
It turns out that you don't even have to go very far. At one point I was like “why has no one made visualizations of these one-parameter families?”, but then I realized that they had, and they're the simplest kind of adversarial example, like the panda/gibbon thing (see Goodfellow, Shlens and Szegedy). To get extreme dogness out of a picture of a non-dog, you need only move such a short distance in the dog direction that the difference is imperceptible to a human.
Goodfellow, Shlens and Szegedy write, about a network for MNIST:
Correct classifications occur only on a thin manifold where x occurs in the data. Most of R^n [in image space] consists of adversarial examples and rubbish class examples.
“Rubbish class examples” are pictures that are not of anything at all, but which are classified as some class by the network. It makes sense that this happens. The hyperplane separating dog from non-dog was designed to make fine distinctions between training examples that had a lot of special features; it isn't surprising that a lot of random, gibberish images are much further to the dog side than any real image. Likewise with any class.
Given all this, it seems remarkable that deep networks do as well as they do. The second part of these assorted thoughts is that this may be related to their extreme data-hungriness.
Ultimately, the generalization performed by these networks is linear generalization: fit a linear trend to the training data (in the feature space), and assume it continues outside the bounds of the training data. This gets you rubbish class examples through most of input space: extreme confidence that a gibberish input is some thing or other, because a line fit locally to small distinctions in training data is being extrapolated to places far from that data.
To do well, then, you need inputs that "could have been” training data, whatever that means. I talked earlier about the training data forming a special subset of a manifold. Apparently, if we stray much from this special subset (whatever it is), we end up in the land of rubbish class examples and do very poorly. (k-NN would not have this problem, instead growing less confident of anything as one moves away from all training examples.)
But deep networks, famously, need huge amounts of training data. Perhaps, then, they aren't so much learning generalizations that can be extended beyond the training data – the way that, when you say “this relationship really is linear,” you can extend it to X and Y more extreme than any observed. Instead, they are just interpolating between points, in data sets which are so large that they include a bunch of points kind of like most inputs you might think of testing them on. Like k-NN, except while k-NN assumes a certain flat metric across the input space, deep networks learn how to stretch and rearrange the input space (so that classes are linearly separable).
This calls into question the ability of deep networks to learn facts that generalize. The implicit “dogness measure” does not capture dogness, but once you have enough examples, a test input that is a dog will be close to some of the example dogs, and that is all you need. Deep networks, then, would be just a nice way of interpolating between memorized examples without overfitting.
A while ago I thought about ways to do this that would capture concepts better. One would think that each class should be its own manifold, so that what matters is not “how to make this image more or less doglike” but “how to transform this dog image so that, although different, it remains equally doglike.” Implicitly, of course, there is already such a thing in the current models – the hyperplane – but a priori, there doesn't seem to be any reason to represent “transformations that preserve a property” as “motions in an (n-1)-dimensional subspace of an n-dimensional linear space.” Then again, I have no idea what a more promising representation would look like; at the time I did a few hours of ignorant and unproductive pontification about Lie groups and then gave up.
Bruce Bennett/Getty Images
The Memphis Grizzlies once expected Rudy Gay to carry them to the NBA Finals with their scoring, but they now expect no individual to do that. The Grizzlies can run through the West without a clear-cut scoring leader, as anachronistic as it seems.
A balanced scoring attack has helped them along. Since the trade, Mike Conley is putting up 17.1 points per game, Marc Gasol is averaging 15.1 per game, Zach Randolph is amounting 14.7 per game and Jerryd Bayless is throwing in 12.3 per game.
Not only that, but they also score more efficiently than they did before the Gay trade. Since the deal, the Grizzlies have upped their offensive rating from 104 points per 100 possessions to 105.
Gay could have been pictured next to the dictionary definition of "inefficient." They shot 40.8 percent from the field and 31 percent from three-point range. Their offensive rating was a paltry 97 points per 100 possessions. The Connecticut product even produced -0.2 offensive win shares.
All that for 17.2 points per game.
Whereas Gay needed 16.4 field-goal attempts per game to reach that average, Conley has required just 13.2 shots per game to put up almost as much. Gasol's 15.1 come on just 11.7 shots per game. Both had effective field-goal rates around 50 percent, compared to 43.8 percent for Gay.
As long as the Grizzlies have scorers who make good on their shots, they don't need one guy to take a high number of shots to score a ton.
The Grizzlies have also shot better as a team since the trade. Since Feb. 1, they're knocking down 46.1 percent from the field, 2.6 percent better than before the trade.
Memphis also became a respectable three-point shooting team after the trade, even though they still take fewer threes than any other NBA squad. Since Feb. 1, they're shooting 35.4 percent from downtown, which would put them 0.3 percent below the league average.
Not only have they shown they can score efficiently without their longtime scoring leader, but Memphis has also demonstrated a greater ability to win in the clutch.
As The Memphis Flyer writer Chris Herrington pointed out, the Grizz are 6-1 in games decided by five or fewer points or in overtime since dealing Gay, compared with 4-7 before then.
Putting a strong, efficient scoring front together with a bloodthirsty defensive attack makes the Grizzlies more dangerous than before the Gay trade. Only four teams have better offensive rating-to-defensive rating differentials than that of the Grizz (4.4 per 100 possessions).
The Grizzlies are the only team in the league with four players in the top 20 in defensive rating.
Some had worried about who would hit game-winning shots with Gay gone. That's immaterial when every other rotation player wearing the three shades of blue shoots better than they did for them this season.
In the playoffs, Memphis may face several high-volume scorers if they go deep. That includes high-efficiency guys like Tony Parker, Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry.
The Grizz don't need to have one guy match those high scorers point for point to beat them. Having a cast of efficient scorers match them while containing opposing shooters on the other end will do the job for Memphis.
Generally, teams make the NBA Finals with high scorers. The 2001-02 New Jersey Nets were the last team to make the finals without an active player averaging 16 points per game.
That Nets team combined decent overall offense with stellar defense to slip through a horrid conference. Meanwhile, the Grizzlies can overcome beastly conference leaders with a fairly efficient offense with a few reliable scorers supporting an impenetrable defense.
7/Set/17 •
La giuria del Gioco di Ruolo dell'Anno, presieduta da Paolo Cupola e composta da Mirella Vicini (vicepresidente), Davide Scano (coordinatore), Anna Benedetto, Luca Bonora, Marco Corazzesi, Daniele Prisco, dopo mesi di accurati playtest, avendo riscontrato, nei 17 candidati, un numero significativamente elevato di prodotti di eccellente qualità, ha deciso di avvalersi della facoltà di estendere il numero dei prodotti finalisti, selezionando così 5 titoli come finalisti del concorso:
-7th Sea: gioco di ruolo di impostazione classica, con ambientazione piratesca/cappa e spada. Fin da subito il manuale vi catapulterà nel mondo di Théah, dove le diverse nazioni che lo compongono ricorderanno al lettore alcuni dei più classici romanzi d'avventura. I giocatori e i loro personaggi dovranno affrontare rocambolesche avventure ricche di colpi di scena e imprese eroiche al limite dell'impossibile, tutto supportato e facilitato dal sistema di gioco che si basa sulla peculiare regola degli “incrementi”. Il manuale, di facile lettura, è ricco di illustrazioni di ottima qualità. Il gioco è stato ideato da John Wick prodotto da John Wick Presents e Need Games e distribuito in Italia da Asmodee.
-L'Ultima Torcia: un titolo che ha tutto lo spirito dei GdR old school, ma realizzato in maniera particolarmente accattivante per un pubblico giovane e ugualmente apprezzabile anche da giocatori esperti. Il manuale, chiaro e snello, è accompagnato da un ricco packaging, che fornisce tutti i materiali necessari per iniziare a giocare in pochi minuti. L'ambientazione fantasy ci viene presentata tramite una piccola regione chiamata la Baronia del Grifone, alla quale viene dedicato un intero modulo avventura. Gli autori accompagnano il lettore in tutti e tre i moduli del GdR, fornendogli un supporto continuo, particolarmente utile per un pubblico di neofiti. Il gioco è stato ideato da Matteo Cortini e Leonardo Moretti prodotto da Serpentarium e distribuito in Italia da Asmodee/Asterion Press.
-Omen: Gioco di ruolo innovativo, di stampo horror, in cui sono fortemente presenti poteri occulti ed esoterismo, in un atmosfera che mischia i Miti di Cthulhu e le leggende popolari. Il tutto attraverso due sistemi di gioco. Uno classico, con un unico giocatore che ricopre il ruolo di Master (chiamato Oracolo) e i giocatori che propongono tracce narrative per suggerire all'Oracolo come vorrebbero si sviluppasse la trama, e uno in cui l'Oracolo è interpretato a rotazione dal tutto il gruppo di gioco di scena in scena. Splendidamente illustrato e impaginato come un vecchio libro di esoterismo, Omen è un titolo tutto italiano che presenta un regolamento semplice, fluido e incentrato sulla narrazione, con l'unico e preciso scopo di portate al tavolo l'eterna lotta tra la luce e l'oscurità. Il gioco è stato ideato da Alberto Tronchi, Daniel Comerci prodotto da Dreamlord Press di Nicola Urbinati ed è distribuito in Italia da Manicomix.
-Symbaroum: gioco di ruolo classico, in un'ambientazione fantasy dark. L'immersiva e dettagliata ambientazione cattura il lettore, trascinandolo nella misteriosa foresta di Davokar, fra mostruose creature e numerose rovine della perduta civiltà di Symbaroum; e conducendolo in una delle maestose città del regno di Ambria. Il manuale è di ottima qualità e il regolamento raggiunge un buon compromesso tra varietà di opzioni e semplicità. Le illustrazioni sono particolarmente suggestive ed eleganti. Chiude il volume una serie di avventure introduttive. Il gioco è stato ideato da Mattias Johnsson prodotto da Jarnringen e GG Studio ed è distribuito in Italia da Devir.
-Undying: un gioco di ruolo senza dadi che unisce lo spirito dei celebri libri della saga di “Intervista col Vampiro” a un sistema di regole elegante e dinamico che narra di potenti vampiri, intrighi e orrore. L'autore parte del sistema di regole Powered by Apocalypse evolvendolo e integrando un sistema di relazioni tra tutti i personaggi in gioco; uno schema dove mappare tutti i debiti, la vera moneta della società dei “predatori”, gli attriti e le alleanze all'interno della comunità dei notturni. Questo non solo rende evidenti i vincoli fra i personaggi, ma mette anche in moto una catena di azioni e reazioni che tengono sempre alto il ritmo del racconto, aiutando master e giocatori nel creare trame e personaggi. Il gioco è stato ideato da Paul Riddle prodotto da Enigma Machinations e distribuito in Italia da Narrattiva.
La giuria, assieme all'organizzatore Lucca Crea srl, ringrazia per la collaborazione tutte le case editrici che hanno presentato i loro giochi al concorso e dà appuntamento a mercoledì 4 Ottobre per la proclamazione del Gioco di Ruolo dell'Anno 2017.
Charlie's Little Italian, a Main Street neighbourhood gem, is officially closing its doors this Sunday, August 6, after offering its last ever dinner service.
See also
The cozy Italian eatery was known for killing it with their exceptional comfort food and service.
Formerly the space of Habit Lounge, Charlie's has operated at the 2610 Main Street spot since 2013.
In a statement sent to Daily Hive, the owners expressed their deep gratitude to Charlie's' customers, fans and loyalists for their patronage, and to all the talented and hard-working team members who have worked at the restaurant over the years.
Patrons who loved Charlie's can still keep it in the family by heading to the Cascade Company's other restaurants in the city, The Union, The Cascade Room, and El Camino's.
The Cascade Company say they will be passing off this location to “some great new neighbours” – we'll keep you updated with more info on the future of this Main Street spot.
Address: 2610 Main Street, Vancouver
Instagram: @charliesvan
Repeat the baseball season over and over and over with some of the most popular GIFs from 2016
When the camera was invented, it forever changed how humans viewed images. The same thing happened when the GIF -- that glorious repeating image form -- came to be.
So now, relive the best, most amusing and most touching moments of the 2016 season, with some of the most popular GIFs as judged by your reactions on @MLBGIFs.
Friendship
New Jersey-born Todd Frazier and Mike Trout bonded. Presumably over their love of pork roll as a breakfast meat.
Elvis Andrus and Rougned Odor took extensive acting classes, probably just to learn how to best mirror each other.
They do EVERYTHING together. pic.twitter.com/MHpWjcWc2X - MLB GIFS (@MLBGIFs) June 8, 2016
Bryce Harper and Max Scherzer definitely spent weeks rehearsing this move.
Did we just become best friends? pic.twitter.com/UmYD2IcE7q - MLB GIFS (@MLBGIFs) April 17, 2016
Sick moves
Rarely are first pitches better than the actual pitches you'll see during the game. This one was the exception to the rule.
Adrian Beltre's got moves on moves.
And the entire Pirates lineup had a dance recital.
Impossible moments
Buster Posey's arm is actually just a laser.
Jose Ramirez has their own gravitational force.
"That thing does not obey the laws of physics at all." pic.twitter.com/XyXLdfnbLU - MLB GIFS (@MLBGIFs) May 10, 2016
Cubs (because of course they're going to get their own section)
Cubs players sure were happy in 2016.
When you have the best record in baseball … pic.twitter.com/ljLlvl3sdJ - MLB GIFS (@MLBGIFs) May 6, 2016
Cubs fans were also happy.
I guess it's because they won their first World Series in 108 years.
An end to an era
It wasn't just the Cubs that ended a long streak. After 500-plus home runs and countless iconic moments, David Ortiz called it a career in 2016. There was only one way to react.
We said goodbye to Jose Fernandez
Unfortunately, the baseball season also had one crushing moment of sadness as we said farewell to Jose Fernandez. But in a moment of magic, when the Marlins returned to the field, Dee Gordon led off with a home run.
Michael Clair writes about baseball for Cut4. They believe stirrup socks are an integral part of every formal outfit and Adam Dunn's pitching performance was baseball's greatest moment.
40 of 41
Agility 10
Throw out positions—Willis is one of the most athletic players in the NFL. Period.
Coverage 10
Has the speed and agility to keep up with their man over the middle and up the seam. Throwing Willis off track in coverage doesn't happen.
Pass Rush 9
Shows good success in attacking the quarterback through the guard-center gap on delayed blitzes. Their burst and aggressive tackling style are a huge asset here in the pass rush.
Read & React 10
Sees the field well, reading the offensive line to determine where the ball is going and making the right calls to get the Niners defense in position.
Run Defense 7
Saw their run defense drop off a bit last season, but some of this was due to teams targeting them and letting NaVorro Bowman run free early in the year. By the playoffs, Willis was once back to form.
Shed Blocks 10
Has textbook form when taking on and discarding blockers, using their arms and hands to create space and then exploding through the blocker.
Speed 10
Willis moves like a running back in space—which is why he's so successful stopping them behind the line of scrimmage.
Strength 10
As strong as any linebacker in the NFL, Willis is impossible to block and strong enough to bring down the best backs.
Tackle 10
A violent, aggressive tackler who rarely misses tackles. Willis has a rare combination of ability here.
Health 8
Willis sat out three games in 2011.
Overall 94
The best of the best, Patrick Willis is among the best overall players in the NFL today. Whether you look at them as an athlete, their intangibles or their statistics, few can hold up to what Willis did in the 2011 regular season and playoffs. As captain of the most dominant defense in the NFL, the five-time Pro Bowler out of Ole Miss is deserving of the high praise and grade they receive here.
5. Chicago Bulls
Bulls Get PG - Brandon Knight Suns Get PG - Rajon Rondo
Future draft pick
Rajon Rondo is racking up DNP-CDs like they used to rack up triple-doubles, and Michael Carter-Williams is currently starting at point guard, so yeah, it's safe to say the Chicago Bulls could use some backcourt help in their playoff hunt.
Brandon Knight is one of several point guards who should be available by the trade deadline, and in a starting role, he'd be much more useful than they currently are in Phoenix. The problem is putting together a deal that's fair to both sides.
A direct Knight-Rondo swap makes sense for Chicago, and Rondo's deal is non-guaranteed for next season, but the Suns would have little incentive to take on another disgruntled point guard that wouldn't be playing — unless draft considerations were included. A first round pick is too much for the Bulls to surrender; a second-rounder might not be enough for Phoenix.
It's safe to assume Chicago's enticing young pieces like Bobby Portis, Doug McDermott and Denzel Valentine would be off limits in a deal like this, but what about an aging veteran like Taj Gibson?
Bulls Get PG - Brandon Knight Suns Get PF - Taj Gibson
Future 2nd round pick
Gibson has played well in the starting role this season, averaging 12.0 points, 6.9 rebounds and 1.1 blocks per game on 53.2 percent shooting, and he'd provide youngsters Dragan Bender and Marquese Chriss with a positive example of work ethic as another locker room leader.
Unfortunately, Gibson is an unrestricted free agent this summer, meaning he'd probably amount to little more than a two-month rental. It's also worth noting that Jimmy Butler and Dwyane Wade are both ball-dominant guards, making Knight a potentially tricky fit in the same backcourt.
Unless the Suns are desperate to rid themselves of Knight's contract in a salary dump kind of deal, or unless they can secure a future draft pick in return, the Bulls probably don't make much sense as a trade partner for Knight.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against Russia over the disturbing scenes inside the Stade Vélodrome, while also warning England they could be thrown out of the tournament if there is a repeat of the violent, chaotic scenes in Marseille's old port.
But who will discipline Uefa? It is not a case of being wise after the event to point out that England facing Russia in Marseille late on a Saturday night in their first match of the tournament was, at the very least, a completely needless hostage to fortune at a time when the whole of France remains desperately on edge.
As soon as the draw was made in December, just a month after the terror attacks in Paris that killed 130 people, British and French authorities realised that a return to the scene of clashes between England supporters and locals during the 1998 World Cup was a huge headache.
England and Russia could be thrown out of Euro 2016 if there is more violence Read more
Everyone knew it and yet nothing was done about it. As has become the way of modern tournaments, as they have become ever more complex and gargantuan, organisers held fast to their policy of scheduling matches into pre-selected slots.
That not only left England facing Russia in Marseille but both sets of fans then decamping to head north at the same time. So Russia will play Slovakia in Lille on Wednesday, before England and Wales meet in the industrial town of Lens – just 25 miles away – a day later.
Not only that, England are facing Wales – with the numbers expected to exceed those who made it to Marseille, given the proximity to Calais – in the smallest city in the tournament.
As such French authorities are planning to virtually shut down the town and restrict entry to ticket holders. Instead England fans were officially advised to head for Lille – where they will immediately run into the Russians again.
“If you've not got a ticket, don't go to Lens. Go to Lille instead, where there's a bigger fan zone. We know Brits will get where water can't in terms of sporting events but people will not get in stadiums without a ticket. If you've not got a ticket, don't travel,” was the advice from the assistant chief constable Mark Roberts, the lead for football policing in the UK, before the tournament after a meeting with local organisers.
Lyon – a much bigger city with a new stadium that caters for more than 59,000 – will host a match between Albania and Romania. The complex, toxic brew that led to the distressing scenes in Marseille is not easily unpicked when it comes to apportioning blame.
The English moronic minority who goaded and taunted police and locals? Yes. The terrifyingly tooled up Russian minority who caused serious injury and mayhem in the old port and at the stadium? Definitely. The locals who saw an opportunity for a replay of 1998? Them too.
The grim irony is the so-called ultras from Russia and France who see the English as targets partly do so because of their history – the same history mythologised by the minority who cling to it. The Russian calling cards, the message board rhetoric, has been imported wholesale from their image of what we were once like.
But serious questions should also be asked of French police who seemed intent on indiscriminate dispersal through teargas rather than controlling the situation by the tactic of picking off particular troublemakers that has worked at recent tournaments.
Kevin Miles, the Football Supporters' Federation chief executive, said they watched as police allowed a mob of Russian ultras to prepare themselves to charge, going in only once they had attacked to clear the entire area with teargas.
Given the extent to which the buildup to this tournament has been dominated by security concerns, and we have been repeatedly told 90,000 personnel are on duty throughout France, where were they in the Stade Vélodrome?
The sight of England fans with their backs turned and their hands up scrambling over seats to escape the advancing Russians was a damning indictment on the entire operation. Uefa minimising the number of tickets made available to FAs and maximising the number for neutrals and sponsors is one issue. Rank bad planning is another.
Uefa in its statement briefly dealt with the “segregation issues” and reaffirmed their support for the way French police dealt with the problems. There was no mention of the transport problems that left terrified fans stranded at the stadium.
It is also worth considering just how determined the Russians are to stamp out the hooliganism that blights their game at home and abroad two years before they host the 2018 World Cup.
Vitaly Mutko – extremely close to Vladimir Putin, a member of the new Fifa Council that replaced its discredited executive committee – was even filmed applauding the Russian fans moments after they had cleared the English section.
The man who famously claimed expenses for 57 breakfasts in 20 days at the Vancouver Winter Olympics, who led Russia's World Cup bid and then declared all its computers had been destroyed when it came to investigating how they did it, who has claimed damning evidence of state-sponsored doping is motivated by jealousy, did not appear to be unduly concerned by what they had seen.
Most England fans have reacted with a mixture of embarrassment and anger to the images beamed around the world from the old port. It would maybe help if Mutko did the same.
Its.... RAICHU DAY! Raichu Badges and Blobby Badges
❮❮ Newer Download | Full View Older ❯❯ Submission © 2015 Yami_mage Scraps
Its.... RAICHU DAY! Raichu Badges and Blobby Badges - by Yami_mage Submission information:
Posted:
Category: Artwork (Digital)
Theme: All
Species: Pokémon
Gender: Any
Favorites: 1
Comments: 5
Views: 187
Image Specifications:
Resolution: 1200x834
Keywords:
raichu day CHU CHU HOP ON THE TRAIN
Its the 26th of the month and I declare it RAICHU DAY!
Transform your Fursona into a Raichu (Or Pikachu) for $10!
These are artistic freedom with input.
You get a ~4in tall badge custom drawn, printed, laminated and shipped to the USA all included (international subject to additional charge). Digital copy can be provided via email on request. Larger print (up to 6.5in. tall available for +$0.50)
I can also transform into other Pokémon for an extra $5. (Exceptionally complex Pokémon or fursona designs subject to additional charge.)
Cell Shading is an additional $5. Not shown but examples are in my gallery.
Payment is through paypal. You will be contacted in notes.
Open this round until the end of the month or until 5 slots are taken.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
Fill out this form in comments and I"ll contact you. :)
Reference image:
Raichu, pikachu, or other Pokémon?:
Any special feature to be preserved?:
Cheek shape (default ovals):
Small simple accessory?:
If female use the blunt bolt or full bolt tail?:
Mood of the badge (grumpy, happy, ect..):
Blobby Badges for $5 are also available!
They are small fat simplified chibis and usually happy. You get 1 blobby printed, laminated, and shipped to the USA. International subject to additional charge. You can pick the size up to 4 inches tall. (I think they look the best tiny. :3 ) Additional prints are $0.50 if ordered together if you'd like a couple sizes.
Taking 5 slots.
1. BM-13 Finished
2. BM-13 Finished
3. Taken from Facebook Finished
4. Taken from Facebook Finished
5. jonathan0322 In Progress
Fill out form in comments!
Reference image:
Small simple accessory?:
Mood of badge?:
Eye color match or default black?:
Any additional info or things of importance:
Like my style but want a regular fursona badge? Contact me! Prices start at $15 including shipping! :D
Thanks everyone who participates or any other help I can get! Going to keep a running tally of money raised for the last remaining hospital bill!
$30 out of $500 so far! :D
On a glorious January morning in 2015, the Australian icebreaker RSV Aurora Australis was losing a battle off the coast of East Antarctica. For days, the ship had been trying to push through heavy sea ice. It rammed into the pack, backed up and crashed forward again. But the ice, several metres thick, hardly budged. Stephen Rintoul, an oceanographer at the University of Tasmania in Hobart, Australia, nearly gave up their goal—to reach a part of the continent that had thwarted all previous expeditions. “I really thought that would be it,” they say. “It'd be another failed attempt.”
Then the weather came to the rescue, with a wind change that blew the ice away from the shore, opening a path through the pack. The ship managed to break free and wove its way through 100 kilometres of ice, reaching the edge of the frozen continent shortly after midnight. Rintoul and their team were the first scientists to reach the Totten Ice Shelf—a vast floating ice ledge that fronts the largest glacier in East Antarctica. “It was a really exhilarating experience,” says Rintoul, chief scientist of the expedition.
The team had to work fast before the ice closed again and blocked any escape. For more than 12 hours, Rintoul and their colleagues carried on non-stop, probing the temperature and salinity of the water, the speed and direction of ocean currents as well as the shape and depth of the ocean floor. They also deployed instruments that would continue taking measurements after the ship had departed.
These first direct observations confirmed a fear that researchers had long harboured: that warm waters from the surrounding ocean can sneak underneath the floating glacier tongue and eat the ice away from below. “This could explain why Totten has been thinning in the past few decades,” says Rintoul.
Findings such as these are revealing some scary truths about East Antarctica—the vast, remote landmass to the east of the Transantarctic Mountains. This region is about as big as the entire United States and the majority of it stands on a high plateau up to 4,093 metres above sea level, where temperatures can plunge to −95 °C. Because the East Antarctic Ice Sheet seems so cold and isolated, researchers thought that it had been stable in the past and was unlikely to change in the future—a stark contrast to the much smaller West Antarctic Ice Sheet, which has raised alarms because many of its glaciers are rapidly retreating.
In the past few years, however, “almost everything we thought we knew about East Antarctica has turned out to be wrong”, says Tas van Ommen, a glaciologist at the Australian Antarctic Division in Kingston, near Hobart. By flying across the continent on planes with instruments that probe beneath the ice, their team found that a large fraction of East Antarctica is well below sea level, which makes it more vulnerable to the warming ocean than previously thought. The researchers also uncovered clues that the massive Totten glacier, which holds about as much ice as West Antarctica, has repeatedly shrunk and grown in the past—another sign that it could retreat in the future.
Although East Antarctica doesn't seem to be losing much ice today, there are indications that it is feeling the heat of climate change and is responding in measurable ways. This is disconcerting because its ice sheet is more than ten times bigger than the one in the west. If all the ice below sea level in East Antarctica were to disappear, the height of the world's oceans would swell by nearly 20 metres.
Researchers are now trying to gather as much information as possible about East Antarctica to better predict what's to come. Their concern is that over the next few centuries, the ice sheet there might reach a tipping point. “Once glaciers retreat beyond a certain point, things may go downhill very quickly and cause rapid sea level rise,” says Eric Rignot, a glaciologist at the University of California, Irvine. “We don't want to sleepwalk into a calamity like this.”
Deep danger
Rignot was one of the first scientists to warn about possible trouble in East Antarctica—a region long neglected by climate researchers. In 2013, their team detailed the behaviour of ice around the margin of Antarctica by combining satellite imagery, airborne surveys and climate models. The researchers found evidence that six East Antarctic ice shelves, including Totten, were melting from below at rates much higher than expected—with some even rivalling those of fast-retreating glaciers in West Antarctica3.
More surprises emerged when the researchers took a closer look at some of those East Antarctic glaciers. Satellite imagery and airborne surveys between 1996 and 2013 showed that the surface of the Totten glacier dropped by 12 metres and that its grounding line—the point at which the ice flowing off the continent begins to float on the ocean—retreated inland by a shocking amount of up to 3 kilometres.
“This is not an isolated incidence,” says Chris Stokes, a glaciologist at Durham University, UK. Their team analysed satellite imagery obtained between 1974 and 2012 that covers all the coastal regions in East Antarctica. Most areas had no net ice gain or loss. The only exception is the Wilkes Land region—an area larger than Greenland that includes Totten glacier. Three-quarters of the glaciers there retreated between 2000 and 2012. “Wilkes Land may be East Antarctica's weak underbelly,” says Stokes.
As researchers were pondering the surprising retreat of East Antarctic glaciers, van Ommen and their colleagues were flying over Totten to probe its underside. “The landscape underneath the ice is fundamentally important for how glaciers flow and how they respond to climate change,” they say. When the team launched an international initiative called ICECAP (International Collaboration for Exploration of the Cryosphere through Aerogeophysical Profiling) a decade ago to systematically survey the hidden landscape of East Antarctica, “we almost knew nothing about what's going on down there”, they say.
Every Antarctic summer since then, ICECAP's aircraft have been criss-crossing the vast continent to peer through the ice using radar as well as gravitational and magnetic sensors. “They are the best flights in the world,” says Martin Siegert, a glaciologist at Imperial College London and a principal investigator of the project. The seemingly featureless ice sheet is ever-changing—with wind-sculpted snow dunes and ice shimmering in thousands of shades under the unearthly Antarctic light. “It's just like another planet,” they say.
The flights have revealed an astoundingly dramatic landscape hidden beneath the relatively flat ice sheet. Preliminary results from airborne surveys this January, led by glaciologist Sun Bo at the Polar Research Institute of China in Shanghai, confirmed the existence of a 1,100-kilometre-long canyon—the longest in the world, and almost as deep as the Grand Canyon in the United States. In previous flights over Wilkes Land, van Ommen's team discovered that 21% of the Totten glacier catchment is more than 1 kilometre below sea level—an area 100 times larger than previous estimates. “We really didn't expect it to be as extensive as it has turned out to be,” says Donald Blankenship, a geophysicist at the University of Texas at Austin and another ICECAP principal investigator.
The team also found underwater troughs that extend all the way from the edge of the Totten Ice Shelf to the grounding line 125 kilometres inland, and as deep as 2.7 kilometres below sea level. This deeply contoured landscape could allow warming waters from offshore to quickly reach and erode the ice.
The first chance to study the fate of that water came when the RSV Aurora Australis reached Totten in 2015. Near the glacier tongue, Rintoul and their colleagues detected waters as warm as 0.3 °C—much warmer than the −2 °C freezing point of seawater. “They are driving rapid rates of melt,” says Rintoul. The instruments they and their team left behind show that warm waters are present all year round. If these waters follow the recently discovered channel beneath Totten to the grounding line, they will be at least 3.2 °C warmer than the freezing point at that depth. “That would be really bad news,” they say.
Threats to ice shelves could also come from the Antarctic interior—from lakes under the ice sheet that periodically send flood waters towards the coast. A decade ago, Lake Cook beneath the ice sheet in Wilkes Land suddenly drained, gushing 5.2 billion cubic metres of flood water—the largest event of this type ever reported in Antarctica. Such floods could be another destabilizing factor, causing faster ice flow and more iceberg calving, says Leigh Stearns, a glaciologist at the University of Kansas in Lawrence.
Troubled past
These scenarios are not just hypothetical, say researchers. Studies in the past few years have revealed that East Antarctica has lost a lot of ice in the past, and could do so again in the near future.
Some of the evidence for that comes from a 2010 expedition supported by the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program, which retrieved sediments from the sea floor off the coast of East Antarctica. Getting those sediments was a dangerous endeavour. The ship had to repeatedly stop drilling and dodge massive icebergs. “The waters around Antarctica present some of the most challenging environments for ocean drilling,” says Tina van de Flierdt, a geochemist at Imperial College London and a principal investigator of the expedition.
The efforts paid off, however, by revealing surprising changes in the ice sheet's history. “We had long thought when the East Antarctic Ice Sheet grew to the current size about 14 million years ago, it's the end of the story,” says van de Flierdt. “It's this big stable block of ice that isn't really doing anything in the face of climate change.”
Instead, the sea-floor sediments revealed that the ice sheet waxed and waned many times between 5.3 million and 3.3 million years ago—an epoch called the Pliocene, when air temperatures were up to 2 °C higher than today. “We got a clear signal every time it was warm, suggesting that the ice sheet was sensitive to climate warming,” says van de Flierdt.
The researchers say that they have some intriguing preliminary results from the most recent interglacial period, between 129,000 and 116,000 years ago—when the globe was as warm as it is today. The ice sheet retreated just slightly less at that time than it did during the much warmer Pliocene. “That's a big surprise,” says van de Flierdt.
“If the results prove to be robust, I'd say it's really interesting,” says Maureen Raymo, a geochemist at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory in Palisades, New York. “This may mean that you can lose a certain amount of ice quite easily with a little bit of warming,” they say.
Fast forward
As East Antarctica's vulnerability comes into focus, researchers are increasingly concerned about the future. The only way to forecast decades or centuries ahead is to use computer models that simulate how ice sheets respond to a changing climate. But the models are relatively simplistic, and until recently they couldn't accurately reproduce some past events, such as the significant glacial retreats that scientists have been discovering in East Antarctica's history.
Climate researchers Robert DeConto of the University of Massachusetts in Amherst and David Pollard of Pennsylvania State University in University Park have tried to make the simulations more realistic by factoring in some processes that were left out of earlier studies. Their model allows meltwater on the ice surface to deepen crevasses and splinter the ice shelves, and it simulates how ice cliffs collapse once they lose the ice shelves that buttress them.
When DeConto and Pollard included these processes, their model showed East Antarctica's glaciers retreating substantially during the last interglacial period and in the Pliocene. “It's really the first successful attempt to roughly match ice-sheet simulations with our best understanding of past glacier retreat and sea-level rise,” says van Ommen.
After looking back in time, the researchers turned their model to the future. There, they saw a mix of good and bad news. In their simulations, the entire Antarctic Ice Sheet does not change much in the next 500 years if global warming is limited to less than about 1.6 °C above pre-industrial levels by the end of the century—roughly in line with what the Paris climate agreement aims to achieve.
But if temperatures rise more than about 2.5°C above pre-industrial levels by 2100 and continue climbing, Antarctic ice melt will raise ocean levels by 5 metres by 2500, with nearly half of that coming from East Antarctica. With Greenland ice also melting, the global sea level would rise by at least 7 metres—enough to inundate large parts of major coastal cities such as Mumbai, Shanghai, Vancouver and New York. “This would drastically reshape the world's coastline and affect millions,” says DeConto.
They caution that the model is still rather crude—mainly because observations of East Antarctica are so limited. “Most of the coastline is simply unmapped,” they say.
The lack of data has also resulted in extremely poor ocean models that grossly underestimate the amount of warm water reaching the ice shelves, says DeConto. “This really calls for long-term monitoring of ocean conditions.”
In East Antarctica now, temperatures are dropping rapidly as the austral winter sets in; researchers are cosy at home reviewing the latest haul of data from the field season. A priority for the future is to map the bedrock beneath all major ice shelves. That will help researchers to identify other glaciers that might be eaten away by warm ocean waters, and to predict how the interior might respond once the ice on the coastal margins disappears.
One of the scariest finds would be large valleys in the continental interior that get deeper as they slope towards the ocean. These could destabilize large sections of East Antarctica's glacial cap when its margins start to disintegrate over the coming decades and centuries. “Then the entire ice sheet could slide off easily,” says Blankenship. “There would be nothing to hold it back.”
This article is reproduced with permission and was first published on April 12, 2017.
The 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is looking at a series of reports to examine what went wrong as they and Bill Clinton figure out what's next for the couple who have dominating their party's politics for 25 years.
Politico talked to a number of Clinton allies who say the former secretary of state is waiting out the Democratic National Committee chair election in February – as it's shaping up to be an ideological rematch of the Clinton versus Sen. Bernie Sanders Democratic primary war.
Their inner circle is also advocating a 'wait-and-see' approach before they step into a more public-facing role – in part so they can see if President Donald Trump's poll numbers sink, which in turn means Hillary Clinton's could rise.
'I'm certain Trump will screw up enough that by the fall of '18, Hillary's numbers will be way up again,' predicted Clinton friend and former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell to the online publication, referring to the timing of the congressional midterm elections, the party's next big test.
Scroll down for video
Hillary and Bill Clinton are combing through reports, writes Politico, trying to learn where they fell short in the 2016 presidential race
Hillary Clinton's allies will be running for office - and be running many of the Democratic groups in Washington, D.C. - so she's expected to eventually help the party once more
Clinton's detractors can take comfort in knowing that the former secretary of state, senator and first lady – nor their ex-president husband – will likely ever appear on a ballot again.
'The Democratic Party does need new blood, new faces and I don't think Bill or Hillary Clinton would ever want to get back and run for anything,' said former Democratic Arkansas Sen. Mark Pryor to Politico.
'I don't think a team of mules could drag them to do that,' Pryor added.
So then, what's left for the Clintons to do?
First the 2016 presidential campaign autopsy could sooth Democratic fundraisers, upset that their cash haul for the White House on down seemed to be a big waste.
As not only did the party lose the White House unexpectedly to a political novice, but Democrats didn't overtake Republicans in the Senate, which they had seemed poised to do.
'She understands that a forensic exam of the campaign is necessary, not only for her, but for the party and other electeds, and for the investors in the campaign,' said a Clinton friend to Politico who didn't want to be named.
Allies of the Clintons are suggesting a 'wait and see' approach when it comes to President Trump, with the idea that if their poll numbers plummet theirs will rise
In that scenario, the Clintons could really help the Democrats raise money and get candidates elected from a local to a national level
'People want to know that their investment was treated with respect, but that their mistakes wouldn't be repeated,' the source added.
Clinton's former campaign manager Robby Mook and members of their team are putting together presentations that include where there were date and polling errors and where in the electorate they underperformed, a Democrat familiar with the project told Politico.
Bill Clinton has also been involved, poring over the precinct-level data, while complaining to friends about the involvement of FBI Director James Comey – who received a warm embrace yesterday in the White House from President Trump – and the Russians' involvement in the election, Politico learned.
He's also resumed their work at the Clinton Foundation, which had its reputation rattled during the presidential campaign.
Coming down the pipeline are two elections that people like to read like tea leaves for what's to come in the next set of primaries – the gubernatorial races in New Jersey and Virginia.
From there, the Clintons have a number of allies, including Sens. Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Bob Casey of Pennsylvania, who are up for re-election in Trump friendly states the following fall.
'It someone they knew was running for the Senate or the Statehouse or City Hall, it would be out of character for them not to be supportive,' Bill Clinton's original White House chief of staff Mack McLarty, told Politico.
Other party leaders and allies, too, said they believed the Clintons would be fundraising and campaigning again, perhaps even in the next several months.
Some in the party have suggested deploying the political couple to red states, to help raise money for local election, which tend to be underfunded and ignored by those in the national scene.
Politico pointed out that a number of groups that will help in the rebuilding of the Democratic party have Clinton ties at the top too.
There are the Priorities USA super PAC, which is steered by Guy Cecil.
The John Podesta-founded think tank, the Center for American Progress continued to be run by ally Neera Tanden.
And David Brock, an ex-conservative who embraced the Clintons and now runs a number of liberal groups, will also continue to have the couple's back.
'I would be surprised [to see Bill Clinton step way from politics] only because they have so many friends who are still involved, who he's worked with for so many years,' Skip Rutherford, the dean of the University of Arkansas' Clinton School of Public Services told Politico.
Rutherford noted that 'many of the people who are involved in the political world got their stars in the Clinton world, so there's a whole base of people who are connected to both Clintons.'
'Many Democratic politicians have been personally influenced or share direct ties to President Clinton, Secretary Clinton, or both,' McLarty echoed to Politico.
They predicted they'd eventually both play roles in the party going forward.
'And despite the grave disappointment, resilience is in the Clintons' DNA,' McLarty said. 'So while I certainly don't expect to see them trying to assert their authority, I think there will be natural and welcome opportunities for them to engage.'
Image copyright Screenshot, 1tv Image caption "Everything is changing" says the screen behind news presenter Dmitry Kiselyov
Russian state TV host Dmitry Kiselyov has a reputation for attacking the West.
Critics call them the "Kremlin's chief propagandist". And like many other top Russian officials, they are on the Western sanctions blacklist.
But the warning they delivered to Washington in last night's edition of their show News of the Week was, even for him, particularly dramatic. "Impudent behaviour" towards Russia may have "nuclear" consequences, they said.
"A Russian takes a long time to harness a horse, but then rides fast," said the news anchor, quoting a famous Russian saying.
By "riding fast", Kiselyov was referring to a string of recent Russian military deployments:
Last week, Moscow sent three warships from the Black Sea Fleet to the Mediterranean: on board, cruise missiles that can carry nuclear warheads
Russia deployed nuclear-capable Iskander-M missiles into the Kaliningrad region bordering Poland
Russia announced it would send several hundred paratroopers to Egypt for military exercises
Moscow also suspended three nuclear agreements with the United States
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The corvette Mirazh and two other Russian warships are joining a force deployed off Syria
Kiselyov said that in recent days there had been a "radical change' in the US-Russian relationship.
Moscow was taking action, they said, because of "the loud talk in Washington of a 'Plan B' for Syria. Everyone understands what this plan means: direct military force in Syria against President Assad's forces and the Russian military".
In Washington, the US state department said last week it was continuing internal deliberations about "non-diplomatic" options regarding the war in Syria.
More on this story:
In News of the Week, a Russian defence ministry spokesperson warned American bombers not to target the Syrian army. Kiselyov put it more bluntly: "We'll shoot them down," they explained.
Is this bravado? Bluffing? Or is there a real danger of a direct military confrontation between Russia and the US?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Dmitry Kiselyov gave a rare interview to Steve Rosenberg this year
In recent days several Russian newspapers have been talking openly about the possibility of such a clash.
"There is a reason that Russia has deployed S-300 surface-to-air missile systems to Syria," Izvestia commented last week.
"Moscow is ready to use them. This won't spark a world war. After all, we've shot down American planes before, in Vietnam and Korea [in Soviet times]. Vladimir Putin is making it clear that Russia will make no more concessions [in Syria]."
And Fyodor Lukyanov, Editor-in-Chief of Russia in Global Affairs warned that "this is the most dangerous situation since the Cold War".
"In the Cold War, confrontation was based on understanding of 'red lines'. Today this is not the case.
"Most likely no-one wants to launch a big collision between Russia and the United States. But this is exactly the case when unintended consequences might emerge."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Russia has fired cruise missiles at Syrian rebel targets, from ships in the Caspian and Mediterranean
To some in Moscow, Russia is merely reacting to Western aggression.
"There is a campaign to hit Russia everywhere possible," believes retired Lt Gen Yevgeny Buzhinsky. They cite Western sanctions against Moscow and even the banning of Russia's Paralympic team over doping allegations.
"Of course there is a reaction. As far as Russia sees it, as Putin sees it, it is full-scale confrontation on all fronts. If you want a confrontation, you'll get one.
"But it won't be a confrontation that doesn't harm the interests of the United States. You want a confrontation, you'll get one everywhere."
​Manchester United are set to profit from any sale of Michael Keane if the Burnley star departs Turf Moor, according to the ​Daily Mail.
The Red Devils are believed to have inserted a 20% sell-on clause in Keane's contract upon selling the 23-year-old to the Clarets for £2.5m in September 2014.
However, the Mail's report contradicts claims made by ​the Sun last Friday, who alleged that Burnley would keep all of the proceeds from any potential transfer of the centre-half, and that Manchester United were 'kicking themselves' over not including any clause that would entitle them to a portion of the transfer fee.
Manchester United in line for cash windfall should Chelsea and Leicester target Michael Keane leave Burnley https://t.co/zOcekxQ6Gy — MailOnline Sport (@MailSport) October 12, 2016
Burnley are ready to hand Keane a new five-year deal to remain at Turf Moor, but could be resigned to them leaving instead.
Keane currently has 18 months left on their deal in the North West of England, and Burnley could look to cash in on their prized asset in the next 12 months to prevent them leaving on a free transfer in June 2018.
Leicester City and Chelsea are rumoured to be monitoring Keane's situation after being heavily linked with a move for them throughout the summer months.
The defending Premier League champions are said to have had an £11m offer rejected by Burnley manager Sean Dyche in the latter stages of the transfer window, while Blues boss Antonio Conte is eyeing the former Derby loanee as a potential long-term replacement for captain John Terry.
Keane, who made five senior appearances for Manchester United before their departure from Old Trafford, has enjoyed a breakthrough campaign for Burnley so far this term.
EXCLUSIVE: Manchester United fear they have made a huge error not putting a sell-on clause on Michael Keane https://t.co/Goi8xhyymv pic.twitter.com/ZXzAgXFHIH — The Sun Football ⚽ (@TheSunFootball) October 7, 2016
The ex-Blackburn Rovers and Leicester loan star has figured in all seven of Burnley's Premier League matches in 2016/17, and has earned rave reviews for their display at the heart of the defence.
Their form earned them an international call-up to the senior England side during the October international break, with interim manager Gareth Southgate handing Keane an opportunity to impress after Glen Johnson withdrew from the squad with injury.
<section><h2>What's Your Football IQ?</h2></section><section><h2>Which player sold the most shirts over the course of the 2015/16 season?</h2></section><section><h3>Which club has the most lucrative shirt sponsorship deal in the world?</h3></section><section><h3>What is the most expensive football stadium ever built?</h3></section><section><h3>Which club made the most revenue last season?</h3></section><section><h3>What's the highest sum ever paid for a footballer?</h3></section><section><h3>Which of these players has two degrees to their name?</h3></section><section><h3>Which Premier League club sells the most expensive season ticket?</h3></section><section><h3>Who is the highest paid manager in the world?</h3></section><section><h3>Which of these three clubs were the last to go bankrupt?</h3></section><section><h3>Which Premier League club spent the most in the 2016 summer transfer window?</h3></section><section><h2>Lets hope you can pull off the "(I failed but) I am rich" line, because you're in lots of trouble!</h2><p><div>Bet You Didn't Know: Mario Balotelli was once presented with a bidet by an Italian TV show.</div></p></section><section><h3>Looks over brains. You'd hope, anyway.</h3><p><div>Bet You Didn't Know: Sergio Ramos loves to sing, plays classical Spanish guitar and loves dancing Flamenco.</div></p></section><section><h3>Nice one! You're the Juan Mata of football finance knowledge.</h3><p><div>Bet You Didn't Know - A savvy business person, Mata part owns a tapas restaurant in Manchester.</div></p></section><section><h3>Cracking score! You're right up there with Frank Lampard for smarts!</h3><p><div>Bet You Didn't Know: Lampard once recorded an IQ score of 150.</div></p></section><section><h3>What a score! You're as smart as Socrates!</h3><p><div>Bet You Didn't Know: Socrates was a heavy smoker but also a qualified doctor of medicine.</div></p></section>
Join the conversation by following ​Tom Power on Twitter!
Starbucks – at least under outgoing CEO Howard Schultz – has never shied away from taking a political stance, especially when it comes to liberal causes. (Among many obvious examples, Schultz famously endorsed Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election.) So it was of little surprise when, in response to President Trump's executive order temporarily banning refugees, that the coffee giant showed its distaste for the decision by promising to hire 10,000 refugees globally over the next five years. What has been a surprise to many Trump supporters, however, is that as much as they may dislike Starbucks' refugee-hiring decision, their counterargument, “Why not hire 10,000 veterans instead?” has not gained
Related: THE BIGGEST NAMES IN COFFEE PLAN TO RAISE $100,000 FOR THE ACLU
Clearly, Starbucks' refugee announcement was intended to have a political impact, and I can only assume that the coffee brand's top brass weren't surprised when some on social media started promoting the hashtag #BoycottStarbucks. At this point, they're probably used to seeing it every time they reveal a new coffee cup. However, one criticism hit especially close to home: The idea that instead of hiring refugees, Starbucks should focus on a supposedly even more deserving group: American veterans. To set the record straight, yesterday, Starbucks released a letter from the Starbucks Armed Forces Network. Among many points, the group provides the reminder, “In November 2013, Howard and former Secretary of Defense Bob Gates announced Starbucks commitment to hire 10,000 veterans and military spouses over the next five years.” The SAFN later continues, “Less than four years into the commitment, Starbucks has hired over 8,800 veterans and spouses and counting.”
At its root however, this debate is not about hiring one group over another, it's about the executive order's impact on refugees. And how someone feels about that will likely be a major factor in their attitude towards Starbucks. The members of the Starbucks Armed Forces Network say they understand that; they just want people to get their facts straight. “We respect honest debate and the freedom of expression,” the message reads. “Many of us served to protect that very right. Some of our brothers and sisters died protecting it. But to those who would suggest Starbucks is not committed to hiring veterans, we are here to say: check your facts, Starbucks is already there.”
Having been born in the Middle East and having spent my first thirteen years of life there, added to living in a religious household until moving out of home for university, I have been exposed to religion and its dynamics enough to understand, to a certain degree, the mechanics of spiritual dogma which involves unified worship of one proposed deity. I have seen both sides of the religious coin – charities inspired by worship centres, good deeds done for the sake of pleasing one's God, acts of respect toward family and friends among other positive actions that inspired by the religion which the actor follows; but also opinions of racism, sexism and bigotry fuelled by the holy scripts of religions, discrimination against others who do not share the same worldly view as oneself and oppression against those who act in such manner that the dogma does not approve, i.e. skipping prayers, not fasting, dressing against the Godly norm, indulging in supposedly impure sexual acts and so on. I have lived the culture – day in, day out, and I have swung back and forth between both ends of the spiritual stance – from being an avid follower of the religion, to dismissing it a couple of times, which has eventually led me to the angle I today view religion from.
Today, I can, without any doubt, say that I dislike religion and every form of impact it has on humans.
There are many reasons for people to be religious to begin with; the first and major, in my opinion, is being bestowed a certain set of beliefs by one's parents/caretakers. Religious views are transferred to the baby from his/her caretaker(s) in the same manner cultural identity is passed on, which makes it very difficult for religious individuals to abandon their beliefs – religion is indeed a part of their culture and persona, and letting go of such ideas, for many, is equivalent with letting go of oneself as they know it. Another reason is the effect of living in a certain culture where a certain religion is dominant, and this in itself is a side effect of humans being social creatures.
For some individuals, being a follower of one faith is the same as being a part of a group; a community where one is valued and loved. If we adhere to our current society and follow its norms, we are more likely to be positively perceived by other members of our social circle. Assumedly, very few of us want to be the “black sheep”, the odd member of the pack and the discordant of the group. In addition, without such a feeling of belonging, many people may and will feel lost in a world that barely makes sense, a feeling that takes us to yet a reason to embrace any particular faith.
The world is a huge place with so much going on and so little explained. The idea of not having a purpose and the existential dilemma following such a realisation are very traumatic, and I cannot deny that the everlasting question “why am I here?” has tortured my irreligious self more than I'd like to admit. People ask questions that science is yet to explain, so the answer is often derived from elsewhere, which, in this case, is one specific religion. Whether others should believe said answers to be credible or not, it is not for me to judge. I can although claim that I'd rather live with the uncertainty of this world's origin, than embrace a superstitious idea and accept it as the truth, and that is a different subject for a different day.
Let's not forget people who marry into religions, embrace faith following traumatic experiences or to fight back illnesses, both physical and mental, and those who simply get astonished by the philosophy of a religion to the point where they accept it and follow it. Oh, have I mentioned all forced conversions, albeit the fact that they are much less significant in today's society.
For me, all of the reasons above make such little sense and have very little to do with logic, which is the word that is key when it comes to trying to make sense of the purpose of the existence of humanity. Religion, after all, is a part of culture, and an attempt by human beings to explain the world around them. Obviously, dismissing these spiritual ideas is very easy today, as many of them clearly contradict the collected knowledge of everything around us. Ideas of Gods creating the universe in days, ideas of certain humans descending from a certain body part of a God, forming different casts consequently, ideas of Gods marrying humans and giving birth to half Gods – such beliefs used to be the best explanations for the vast world that surrounds us. The emergence of such ideas is mainly due to not knowing any better, in lack of better terms, and with all the scientific knowledge available, they are easily refutable. Three thousand years ago, though, I would probably be writing about how not believing in Zeus makes so little sense, because no better answer was out there for man. Therefore, I find it rather shameful for the fully grown men of 2014 to believe that a man two centuries ago walked on water, or that a man rode on the back of a winged horse to the heavens. What's even worse: believing that these men require you to believe in something you haven't seen, or else, burn in hell and face God's anguish.
As mentioned earlier, religion is often up there with cultural identity in terms of importance for many reasons – a fact well known by many leaders throughout history, and a fact that has been exploited time and time again for reasons that are the furthest from divine.
Religion teaches people to be obedient, humble, and non-questioning. It teaches you that you, as a human being, are a born sinner. It teaches you that you need guidance; that you need salvation; that you need help. It tells you what God wants from you and how they want it, and it also shows you how. Pray. Pay church tax. Go to your closest worship place. Fight for your leaders whom are guided by the word of God. Religion addresses insecurities and sensitive spots in the human being and utilises it perfectly – it feeds on fear of punishment, the fear of delusion, the fear of death and the fear of the unknown. It preys on the traumatic realisation that one's closest, after death, will vanish with no trace into oblivion. It adds up all of the above into the ultimate mind control tool that has been used over and over again, throughout the ages, to satisfy the vile and selfish needs of selfish leaders. Follow me and I shall guide you to victory. Follow me and I shall show you the way. If it wasn't for fear and insecurity, how else would someone believe that someone they can't see can and will punish you for not believing in him, although you have all the right in the world to?
Not to forget: many religions go against the core nature of human beings as sexual mammals. Especially sexual needs are dampened to the point of sexual frustration by many sets of belief. Look at the Middle East and certain parts of Africa and Asia and you'll see how out of touch people are with themselves and their sexual needs. The forbid on many sexual desires, like the homosexual and premarital ones, have rendered many people guilty for what they can't control, and made them act in a manner that clearly indicates sexual frustration. What's even more problematic is the way societies affected with such issues address these problems: they attempt to cure the symptoms instead of the causes. It is like brushing dirt under the carpet – instead of acknowledging that such issues have their roots in a flawed belief system that oppresses the sexual needs of society, reforming said system and promoting a correct, healthy image of sex and relationships, a lot of talks are held against masturbation, pornography and flirtation. Segregation of genders is enforced, shaming individuals and guilt-tripping them for acting upon their urges is common practice and the result is often a catastrophe. What makes the situation tenfold worse is the fact that the same individuals that face this mistreatment also look at the other side of the fence through pop culture – the West is portrayed with its liberal stance on all sorts of issues, sexual included, on TV screens, in songs, and in all forms of literature, to a different society with different circumstances. This either alienates the observing societies toward first world countries or makes such groups of people grow a sense of self-loathe. Either way, the outcome is negative energy that could be avoided (although I find it very good that the youth of mentioned parts of the world should learn about how others have it, since that this will ignite the spark of change for the better). There are many more examples, than the sexual one, on how religions contradict the physiology of the Homo sapiens sapiens, but the one presented above is probably the most recognisable among them all.
There are more issues about religion that could be addressed and they would probably make this already long post even longer. The core idea at hand is that religion, despite all its positive aspects, should be dismissed and abandoned for the greater good for all societies around the world. Some might argue for having everyone practice their own beliefs in the comfort of their own homes – that is fine, but let's not forget how religions tend to be contagious to following generations, through the mean of parents that don't give their children the privilege of choice regarding spiritual orientation. A lot of these religions, to mention an issue with them being passed on to our children, directly contradict scientific theories, and exposing further generations to the lies that religions contain wouldn't benefit a human race that is destined to reach greatness.
I dream of a world where conclusions are reached via the means of reason, curiosity and appreciation of the mystery that is life. I find it rather insulting to portray the Creator of such a vastly majestic universe as a worship-demanding tyrant, for the lack of better terms (this doesn't apply for our fellow Buddhists), and if the Creator did exist, I can't help but imagine them shaking their head in disappointment at how blatantly humans picture them in the same frame as what humans love to be ruled by, an angry dictator. Maybe that is the whole point – many times has it been shown that humans would rather have authority controlling their lives and telling them what to do, and humans will actively make sure that there are rules to be followed and someone to hang upon for salvation. It makes sense – stepping up to own one's mistakes and admitting that one can control their own life is a rare ability among people, and having a God that rules you and tells you what to do is very comforting for many. It may be appealing to some to view this life as a “test” where one needs to act well and pass, but that steals a whole lot of beauty from our only proven chance at consciousness and patronises it. It lifts a whole burden off the shoulders of the struggling and gives them light at the end of the tunnel, but is it worth it? If everyone acted like this life isn't more than a mere test, then I find it difficult to see anyone making the best out of their lifetime. Close your eyes for a second and give this point a little serious thought. Imagine how different the world would be if everyone worshipped their individual Gods, satisfied with the half-logical, fairy-tale like explanations of holy scripts and prepared for an afterlife that can very possibly be non-existent.
Life is short, and life is indeed hard, but that does not mean that life isn't beautiful. Life is a gift and I find it criminal to limit all beauty surrounding us to the will of a God to test their creation, or a simple path to enlightenment where all joy eventually leads to suffering. It is saddening to see how many tend to focus on the empty part of the glass instead of enjoying the water inside it – we are here and we are alive. Especially today, when the living standard is better than it has ever been, we have a golden opportunity to enjoy our brief moment on earth. Isn't it rather silly to worry about what a proposed creator, with nothing to back up their existence, would think if you missed a prayer?
Advertisements
This year's unique draw sees us take on all three Queensland teams in the space of 14 days and we are looking for a group of dedicated Members to document their trip to Townsville, Brisbane and the Gold Coast for Dragons TV!
If you have plans to travel to all three of these games we want to hear from you. Send us a short video telling us about your trip and who you will be taking with you.
We will provide the lucky winners with a Go Pro Camera to film the adventure and file updates for Dragons TV, a brand-new set of Kuhmo Tyres to keep you on track, tickets to all three games and the latest Dragons gear so you look the part!
If this sounds like the perfect job for you send in your video to redv@dragons.com.au
ADVERTISEMENT
Some high-ranking members on both sides of the aisle, including Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) and Assistant Democratic Leader James Clyburn (S.C.), are in the undecided column.
It appears that for a Syria resolution to pass the lower chamber, a large percentage of Democrats will need to approve it.
Speaker(R-Ohio) and House Majority Leader(R-Va.) on Tuesday came out in support of U.S. intervention. But rank-and-file-members are not following their lead.GOP leaders have made it clear that it is up to President Obama to convince the nation and Congress that a resolution should be passed in the wake of alleged chemical attacks in Syria.As of time of publishing, there were 42 House members who will vote no or are planning to vote no. Twenty-nine of them are Republicans. Conversely, only four House Republicans have publicly backed a Syria measure, according to The Hill's whip list Republicans who are in the "no/leaning no" column include Reps. Tom Cole (Okla.),(Utah), Walter Jones (N.C.),(Va.),(La.),(Mich.) and Michele Bachmann (Minn.).There are 14 House lawmakers who will vote yes or who are leaning yes. Dozens of lawmakers are undecided.The good news for Obama is the numbers are better in the Senate, with more supporting than opposing.The House looks to be a tough slog. Obama has Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) in their corner, but some on the left — such as Rep.(D-Fla.) — are actively working against the president.
There are 233 Republicans in the House and 200 Democrats, with two vacancies.
<a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/celso/4719151810/">CelsoFlores</a> via Flickr Mexican President Felipe Calderon is losing their war on the drug cartels.
Mexico's security situation has deteriorated dramatically. More than 35,000 people have died in the conflict - 15,000 in 2010 alone - and drug-related violence continues to spiral to new, horrifying levels. Meanwhile, Mexican production of marijuana, heroin and meth continues to ramp up.
Calderon argues that Mexico cannot win its war against the cartels unless the U.S. does more to curb insatiable American demand. He's right about that, of course, but that doesn't mean Mexico should drown in a bloodbath while the U.S. grapples with its drug addiction.
So what can Calderon do?
The answer, basically, is nothing. Mexico was not ready for Calderon's war on drugs. Weak democratic institutions, a corrupt and ineffective judicial system and underdeveloped infrastructure have made it virtually impossible for the Mexican government to break up the country's vast and flexible criminal networks.
Rather than devote limited resources to fighting a futile internal war, Calderon would be better advised to focus on more attainable goals; like implementing judicial reforms, expanding access to credit, growing the middle class, and promoting government accountability and transparency.
In the last decade, Mexico has made significant strides toward opening up markets and transitioning to a multi-party democracy. But there is a long, long way to go. Restoring a semblance of order to Mexico's civil and political society would be a good first step toward reversing the country's slow economic growth and declining global competitiveness. To achieve this, Calderon could recall the 45,000 troops they sent to fight the drug war and call for a ceasefire between the Mexican army and the cartels.
The fight against drug traffickers - and the militarization of domestic security - is eroding Mexico's democracy. Public opinion is beginning to turn against the cartels, but widespread corruption has undermined the credibility of democratic institutions. At the same time, escalating violence and terror is endangering business growth and fledgling civic networks.
Proponents of using the Mexican military to fight the drug war point to the army's success capturing drug kingpins and cartel cell leaders. The drug war has destabilized the cartel leadership and led to the atomization of powerful criminal organizations into smaller, more regionalized gangs. If left alone, these weaker organizations will wield considerably less influence over local governments and law enforcement than their predecessors. Stronger democratic institutions and a reformed criminal justice system would further marginalize and weaken these gangs.
If Mexico keeps trying to battle the drug traffickers, however, the army will have to adjust to a paradigm shift in organized crime. As the cartel hierarchies break down, their splinter cells will likely change the rules of the game. The death of a U.S. immigration agent by low-level drug hitmen - the first in more than two decades - suggests that the shift is already starting to occur.
While a ceasefire will not put an end to all drug-related violence, there are indications that it might take innocent Mexicans out of the line of fire. Until Calderon declared war, civilians were largely spared from drug violence, co-existing with organized crime in relative peace. Unlike drug trafficking organizations in Colombia and other parts of Latin America, most of Mexico's major cartels do not have a political or social agenda (perhaps with the exception of the quasi-religious La Familia Michoacana). Money, not power, is the goal for the vast majority of Mexican traffickers. The cost of fighting a multi-front war seriously cuts into profits.
As long as American demand exists, the drug trade will thrive south of the border. But as the cost of doing business in Mexico increases, the nexus of power will shift to other Latin American countries. Indeed, 2010 was a huge year for drug trafficking in Guatemala, Nicaragua and Venezuela. As bad as Mexico's capitalist capos are, a Sandinista or Chavista cartel would undoubtedly be much worse.
Introduction Alex Dracott
My name is Alex Dracott. I'm originally from Portland, Oregon but currently I live in Seattle, Washington. I started my career as an intern for Sony Online Entertainment (now Daybreak Games) and got my first fulltime job working on Planetside 2 as an environment artist. Since then I've had the pleasure of working for Sucker Punch Productions on Infamous: Second Son and First Light as well as a few other fun contract jobs. Currently I'm working for Highwire Games on their recently announced Golem for PSVR.
While I started creating environments, most of my current work is in on the visual side of the technical art spectrum. I've worked on VFX, material and shader creation, look development, and lighting. I really enjoy the challenge of using technically complex processes to create visually compelling art and content.
Offworld Scene
My Offworld lighting study was my most recent practice project in UE4. I started doing them earlier last year usually with something specific in mind. Sometimes foliage and nature lighting, other times, super realistic interior lighting or a type of particle effect.
The Offworld project started with an urge to create something that didn't necessarily have an obvious fit in our world. I'm a big fan off surrealistic and science fiction and thought it would be fun to make something alien, but believable.
I knew the project would involve some landscape work and that I could have a bit of creative freedom with the project. Pushing the believability of that landscape was a focus, as was really nailing a realistic and somewhat filmic lighting quality with the final presentation. Start to finish the project took me around 6 days.
Using World Machine & GeoGlyph to Build Environments
My landscape was created with actual geometry instead of using Unreal's landscape feature. I've worked with landscape in the past but I wanted to keep the scale and scope of the terrain relatively small (all distant terrain is just warped versions of the up close terrain).
I knew that going into the project, I had no clear final picture in mind. I had fun reference gathered, but no final concept. Iteration time was going to be key and while I could have sculpted the base terrain mesh then textured that in other programs, working almost 100% in World Machine gave me amazingly fast tools to try and create something special. It was a breeze to add in craters, and quickly add natural erosion on top when I was finished.
I also used GeoGlyph – QuadSpinner's World Machine's Toolbox. It adds a new UI option, some great generators to work with, and a bunch of extra tools and functions (like far more erosion options). It also brings in some amazingly powerful texturing options like filters that generate interesting masks based off of existing height fields and a broad selection of gradients that were very useful in creating a color map. In the end GeoGlyph helped me push the content I was creating in World Machine to a much higher quality by giving me access to professionally made tools that I wouldn't have otherwise had access to (without attempting to recreate myself).
Building Materials
I think the easiest way to talk about the materials for the terrain follows the process I went through when I started.
Initially I knew I wanted to make some form of global color map for the terrain mesh. By using my height map, some erosion maps, and Photoshop I was able to create an interesting overlay that matched the terrain. I also created both a low poly and high poly mesh from World Machine which I used to bake a height map (to make the terrain more detailed when it tessellated near the camera) and a normal map. Finally I also exported some basic erosion and slope masks in another texture in case I had need of it.
Next I layered my tiling gravel texture, a mud texture and a wetness pass on the material using Unreal 4's overlay blend mode, some of my masks, and vertex painting. I colored the mud and gravel using the giant color map I created in World Machine and blended the terrain's height and normal info with the tiling texture's height and normal info to make sure everything fit well together. At that point I added some ground clutter rocks and a couple larger rocks to make some more interesting shapes.
When it comes to Substance Designer, and a lot of my personal work, I tend to look at the tool as a resource creator. Sometimes I use it for masks for particle materials, and other times I adopt Bradford Smith's subtractive sculpting ideas to make interesting shapes. In this case I used it to create a very rough rock pattern and combined that with another texture that was generated from a photo to make a final rock texture which I used on some small and large meshes in the terrain. I enjoy working this way because it lets me build up a library of parts (both mesh and texture) and combine them how I see fit or need. In this instance I combined those two textures offline in Photoshop but sometimes I composite the materials together in Unreal, in the style of some of the Infiltrator Demo's or the UE4 Particle Example Map's materials.
Lastly regarding the bubbles, those were actually just particle meshes floating above the surface of the mud. I wanted to add a bit of movement to the scene and some form of boiling mud tells a bit more visual story about the area. Because masked materials in Unreal 4 can be lit the same was as regular meshes, it was very straight forward to get the bubbles to sit really well.
Creating the Lighting
My lighting setup for this scene was actually really straight forward. I have a stationary directional light and a skylight. The only “special” setting going on was the use of distance field ambient occlusion (which I tinted a bit to help give the scene some cheap bounce light). I did experiment with using a second directional light to help tint some of the shadows but ended up deciding against it.
For my atmospherics I used exponential height fog to push back the distant mountains and meshes, while the sun and sky were created using atmospheric fog that was tweaked pretty aggressively. Originally the sun was much bigger, but over time it shrunk to the size that you see it now. I was also planning on having far less atmosphere in the picture but as I worked I liked what it did to the color composition so I used more and more of it.
The final polish on the image did come down to post process tweaks. I used a pretty aggressive filmic style color correction and did play extensively with color balance, contrast, ambient occlusion, and bloom. Achieving the color range in some of my final renders is one of the things I am most proud of with this study.
Creation of Visual Effects
There were three major components the extra VFX I added on top of the finished environment. The first, were simple steam/dust cards rising from the craters with the mud. There isn't much to mention about those other than they were lit cards so the cost was a bit higher but it helped them sit well in the environment.
The second element I added were my previously mentioned mud bubbles. The bubbles were mesh based particle systems that would spawn various sized bubbles that were colored in a top to bottom vertex color gradient, and textured to fit with the mud they were placed in. Over the life of the particle the bubble grew in size, then expanded along the vertex normal based off of the vertex color mask. At a certain point, they then popped and eroded away based off of a blend map mixing with the vertex color gradient (so they popped top to bottom).
The final element was added at the very end of the project. I'm a big fan of story and mystery in artwork and adding the falling meteor/ship element gave the setting a very small but effective narrative hint at something more than a flat landscape. The particle system for them was actually pretty straight forward. The meteor itself was just a simple velocity facing card with an emissive mask on it. The trail was a version of a trick I saw in the Unreal Content Example project that can be grabbed for free from the Unreal Marketplace. The trails are straightforward ribbons, but the textures on them are world projected. This meant that the ribbon could move with the particle but give the impression of a fading contrail (the fading was again based off of the same world space texture). Over the life of the contrail the ribbon slowly moved left to give the impression they were fading with some slight wind.
Choosing Unreal Engine 4
Unreal 4 has been a very natural fit for me since the day it's come out. I've had the opportunity to work in a few different public and proprietary engines which all specialize in their own fields but to me Unreal 4 comes in strong on every single front. It's got all of the modern features (and more) that I use to create high-end artistic content, and as someone who is interested in using a technical skillset to improve their own art, Unreal 4's blueprints and material editor make the opportunities endless. Both of those features allow me to truly be creative with what I do and how I work by allowing me to try weird tests and experiments that would in other development scenarios, take serious coding time, or a focused knowledge in those areas.
Alex Dracott, Tech Art Director at Highwire Games
Experimental compounds reduced not only seizures in mice, but protected parts of the brain damaged by them, helping to slow or stop progression of epilepsy, according to a recently published study. Photo by xpixel/Shutterstock
NEW ORLEANS, July 22 (UPI) -- While most epilepsy treatments lessen the occurrence of seizures, preventing changes in the brain that cause the disorder could have a far greater positive impact on patients, researchers say.
Neuroprotective compounds created by researchers at Louisiana State University and the University of Alcala protected parts of the brain causing seizures and other epilepsy-linked behaviors in experiments with mice, suggesting progression of the disorder can be prevented.
Epilepsy is caused by disruption of nerve cell activity in the brain causing seizures. During seizures, structures in the brain called dendritic spines, which allow brain cells to communicate, are damaged.
Often, dendritic spines reconnect incorrectly, causing abnormal brain activity that leads to seizures ranging from behavioral and emotional problems to the more commonly known muscle spasms and convulsions of severe seizures.
A drug that protects dendritic spines could help prevent the seizures, and as a result the incorrect rewiring that leads to more and worse seizures, researchers in recent tests of the drugs say.
"Most of the anti-epileptic drugs currently available treat the symptom -- seizures -- not the disease itself," Dr. Nicolas Bazan, director of the LSU Health New Orleans Neuroscience Center of Excellence, said in a press release. "Understanding the potential therapeutic usefulness of compounds that may interrupt the development process may pave the way for disease-modifying treatments for patients at risk for epilepsy."
For the study, published in the journal Scientific Reports, researchers tested compounds to block neuroinflammatory signaling receptors in the brains of mice expected to protect dendritic spines, thus reducing the chance for seizures and other epilepsy-related behaviors.
RELATED Changes in heart activity linked to epilepsy
Mice treated with the compounds had less aberrant connectivity, fewer seizures and reduced onset of epilepsy. The researchers say a more detailed understanding of the condition's development and worsening will help fine-tune changes in the brain they are trying to prevent.
"Future clinical studies would evaluate the potential application of the compounds that we have developed and/or the mechanisms that we have discovered that are targeted by these compounds in the development of epilepsy," Bazan said.
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports' Tom Pelissero breaks down Seattle Seahawks' stunning overtime comeback to defeat the Green Bay Packers. USA TODAY Sports
Jan 18, 2015; Seattle, WA, USA; Seattle Seahawks tackle Garry Gilliam (79) celebrates their 19 yard touchdown catch on a fake field goal against the Green Bay Packers during the third quarter in the NFC Championship Game at CenturyLink Field. (Photo: Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports)
SEATTLE — A national TV audience saw Seattle Seahawks backup tackle Garry Gilliam celebrate their touchdown on a fake field goal in Sunday's NFC Championship Game by mimicking Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers' title belt celebration.
Far fewer saw Seahawks punter/holder Jon Ryan doing the same move with gusto toward the Packers bench — a move they say he'd been waiting to unleash on their old team for years.
"Uh, when was I cut?" Ryan asked in an interview with USA TODAY Sports after the Seahawks rallied to win 28-22 and lock up a spot in Super Bowl XLIX.
Told their release was in 2008, Ryan said, "Yeah, so, like, the day of."
"You did the belt?" Ryan's younger brother, Steve, said as they sat in Ryan's locker.
"I did the belt," Ryan said, laughing, "right at (Packers coach) Mike McCarthy."
It was "nothing serious," Ryan added. "It was all in fun obviously. I have nothing but respect for Mike McCarthy. When I was in Green Bay, they were great to me. Just like Aaron Rodgers when they do it, it's all in fun. No one takes things serious."
But Ryan clearly enjoyed having some fun with McCarthy and by extension Packers general manager Ted Thompson, who made the ill-fated decision to jettison the young Canadian punter in favor of veteran Derrick Frost at the end of training camp in 2008.
It just so happened it came at a critical juncture, with the Seahawks trailing 16-0 and facing fourth-and-10 at the Packers 19-yard line with 4:50 remaining in the third quarter. Coach Pete Carroll said they "couldn't wait to get the thing called" because they believed in the fake.
PHOTOS: Best from NFC title game
"We started working on that on Thursday," said Ryan, 33, who's now in their ninth NFL season. "I don't know how many reps — 10 reps, 15 reps that we got through in practice and walkthrough. We just felt comfortable with it."
The first option on the play was for Ryan to run, they said. But when their former teammate, Packers linebacker A.J. Hawk, came up to stop him, Ryan flicked the ball to the 306-pound former Penn State tight end Gilliam instead.
"When the ball went out of their hand, it was almost like one of those NFL Films, when everything slows down, you can see every rotation on the ball," said Steve Ryan, who was wearing their brother's No. 9 jersey along with their brother-in-law in Section 125 at CenturyLink Field.
"That's sort of how it felt, like it was never going to come down. When it came down, everyone was saying how loud the crowd was, but I couldn't hear anyone, because I was standing on my seat, screaming and pointing at my jersey."
Both Ryan brothers were running backs in high school, Steve Ryan said. And no, Jon Ryan never played any quarterback.
"None. Never had an arm," Ryan said. "I was too tight in the shoulders, I guess. That was my first touchdown pass ever. I started playing football when I was 7. I think the last touchdown pass I probably ever threw was in the backyard with this guy."
Not a bad time to throw another one.
"It was incredible," Steve Ryan said. "After the game, I was almost preparing to say, 'Hey, if you're going to lose an NFC Championship Game, at least you did it throwing a touchdown pass.'
"I don't know if you call it a miracle or what it was at the end, but it happened. To be the spark to win an NFC Championship Game — growing up in Canada, it's beyond your wildest dreams. We dreamed of playing Grey Cups and playing for our local team, and to do that in an NFC Championship Game, was just beyond a dream."
Follow Tom Pelissero on Twitter @TomPelissero.
FIRST LOOK: Seahawks vs. Patriots
Read a version of this story in Arabic.
Makhashkala, Dagestan (CNN) -- Two children were killed Wednesday when a package they picked up exploded in a market in Makhashkala, the capital of Russia's North Caucasus republic of Dagestan, the government said.
Initial reports attributed the explosion to a suicide bomber. Two others were injured in the blast.
In a separate incident, three police officers were killed and two wounded after unknown assailants opened gun fire on their car in Buinaksk, another city in Dagestan, a spokesperson for the local Investigation Committee said, according to the Russian news agency RIA-Novosti.
Russian military offensives targeting an Islamist insurgency in the region have been taking place for years, but have gained greater attention in the United States since the Boston Marathon bombing. The two brothers in the case have ties to Dagestan.
Please select your country: United States Argentina Australia Austria Belarus Belgium Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Czechoslovakia (1945-1992) Denmark East Germany (1949-1990) Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Israel Italy Japan Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Malaysia Malta Mexico The Netherlands New Zealand North Korea Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Vietnam U.S.S.R. (1922-1991) Yugoslavia (1945-1992) Africa » Cameroon Africa » South Africa Worldwide Other
Not an American user?
Description
Screenshots
Promo Images
Alternate Titles
"GoW2" -- Common abbreviation
Part of the Following Groups
User Reviews
, the sequel to Gears of War , is a tactical third-person launched exclusively for the Xbox 360 as a spear point for the console's push into 2008's end-of-the-year holiday season.The game follows up six months after the events of the first game, when the detonation of the Lightmass Bomb managed to destroy most of the invading Locust army. The explosion also affected the environment however, and a disease called rustlung threatens humankind. After a while, giant holes suddenly appear that absorb entire cities at once. When Jacinto, the impenetrable safe haven for humankind, appears to await the same fate, the COG Delta Squad with protagonist Marcus Fenix has to go underground to launch a counter-offensive against the Locust who are behind the disappearances.Many known faces return to the game, as well as a cast of new support characters. There is a larger focus on the story, picking up on new threads and continuing old ones, with more attention to the history of the Locust and emotional encounters. Again, there are branching paths in certain levels. One of the stories further explored is Dominic Santiago's search for their lost wife Maria. The game's campaign mode takes the player through five acts with large-scale battles in different environments such as ruined cities, but also locations where ice or water is prominently present. During a few sequences there is also vehicular combat. The Reaver riding level for instance has on-rail shooter gameplay.The gameplay is still focused on the cover system, with the addition of new finisher moves, active reload benefits, new weapons (e.g. grenades that can be turned into proximity mines) and the ability to use enemies as meat shields. Entirely new to the game is mobile cover. There are three types of covers that can be planted at difficult sections to provide extra spots next to the regular scenery. Covers can now be deformed, but not taken away completely.Next to single-player, there is a cooperative campaign mode (split-screen or online) and each player can set a different difficulty level (based on health and damage). In the regular campaign mode, the simple controls to guide AI teammates have been removed entirely. The multiplayer portion offers fifteen maps (including remakes of existing ones). Online games offer a matchmaking system where players are matched according to their rank. Some of the new multiplayer modes are Submission (get an unfriendly AI character back to the capture point), Guardian (team deathmatch with one player is the VIP - similar to Assassination in the previous game - ; when the player is alive, the other can respawn infinitely, but - new in this mode - when they die the other players are on their last life), Wingman (ten players are split in teams of two, both as the same character), and King of the Hill (previously only featured in the PC version of the first game ).There is a cooperative Horde mode where up to five players play together in 50 waves of the Locust horde. More camera modes are present in the multiplayer games and players can take photos of the action to upload them to the official website.
There are no reviews for this game.
Critic Reviews
Forums
Trivia
1001 Video Games
Awards
GameSpy 2008 – #4 Game of the Year 2008 – #2 Xbox 360 Game of the Year 2008 – #2 Multiplayer Game of the Year 2008 – Xbox 360 Action Game of the Year 2008 – Best Graphics of the Year
Golden Joystick Awards 2009 - Xbox Game of the Year
Related Web Sites
Sciere Gears of War 2 (Xbox 360) on Jan 11, 2009 (535104) added(Xbox 360) on Jan 11, 2009
appears in the book 1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die by General Editor Tony Mott.
It's well known that SHA-1 is no longer considered a secure cryptographic hash function. Researchers now believe that finding a hash collision (two values that result in the same value when SHA-1 is applied) is inevitable and likely to happen in a matter of months. This poses a potential threat to trust on the web, as many websites use certificates that are digitally signed with algorithms that rely on SHA-1. Luckily for everyone, finding a hash collision is not enough to forge a digital certificate and break the trust model of the Internet.
We'll explore how hash collisions have been used to forge digital signatures in the past. We'll also discuss how certificate authorities can make this significantly harder for attackers in the future by including randomness in certificate serial numbers.
Digital signatures are the bedrock of trust
The Internet relies on trust. Whether it's logging in to your bank or reading Reddit, HTTPS protects you by encrypting the data you exchange with a site and authenticating the site's identity with a digital certificate. Browsers visually display the added security of HTTPS as a padlock in the address bar.
HTTPS can prove a site's authenticity to a browser when a site owns a digital certificate that asserts the owner's identity and hostname. Certificates are small files digitally signed by trusted third parties known as Certificate Authorities (CAs). For browsers, digital signatures are the definitive source of trust. If your browser trusts the CA and the digital signature on the certificate is correct, then the browser trusts the certificate. This system of identity is known as the public key infrastructure (PKI), something we've covered in detail in a previous post.
This system falls apart if digital signatures can no longer be trusted. If someone can create a certificate for cloudflare.com with a signature from a trusted CA, they can use it to impersonate the cloudflare.com website to visitors (given they can modify DNS).
A digital signature is a number cryptographically tied to a message with public key. Every digital signature requires a public-private key pair and a hash function. The hash function is used to take the message and replace it with a unique digest, the private key is used to sign, and the public key to verify signatures.
For example, to create an RSA signature, you take a hash of the message and encrypt that hash with your private key. Anyone can verify that signature both belongs to you and is valid for the associated message. Take the public key, decrypt the hash and compare it with the hash of the message. If it's a match, the signature is correct. ECDSA is a more recent algorithm that gets the same job done.
There are several ways of obtaining a digitally signed certificate for a website. The standard way is by purchasing a certificate from a certificate authority like GlobalSign or Comodo. CAs follow a set of rules about certificate issuance, governed by CA/Browser Forum's Baseline Requirements.
Another way to get a certificate is to steal a CA's private key. In addition to being potentially illegal, it is also very hard to do: CA private keys are usually kept in dedicated secure machines called Hardware Security Modules (HSM) designed to protect against key extraction.
A third more interesting way to obtain a certificate is to create a certificate that has the same hash as an existing trusted certificate. The signature from the trusted certificate can be added to the untrusted certificate, making it appear trusted.
If you can find a message that has the same hash value as a signed message, then you can swap in your message and the signature will verify correctly. This can be used to trick anyone into thinking someone signed a message that they didn't.
Cryptographic hash functions are designed to resist this sort of thing. They don't always succeed.
Security properties of hash functions
Cryptographic hash functions are designed to satisfy three security properties:
collision resistance
second pre-image resistance
pre-image resistance
Collision resistance here means there are no known algorithms faster than brute force to find two values that hash to the same value. This is the strongest security requirement, and usually the first one to be broken.
A hash function has second pre-image resistance when, given a value and its hash, it is computationally infeasible to find a second value that hashes to the same value. On the surface, this would seem like the security property that protects digital signatures on certificates. However, as we'll explore in the next section, it's still possible to forge certificates signed with a second pre-image resistant hash.
Pre-image resistance means that given a hash, it's computationally infeasible for an attacker to find a value that hashes to it. If you can find a pre-image, you can easily find a second pre-image or a collision.
In the next section, we'll describe what happened the last time we used a cryptographic hash function without collision resistance for digital signatures.
Breaking MD5
MD5 is an incredibly popular cryptographic hash function; it also happens to be completely broken with respect to collision resistance. MD5 is still widely used, just not for digital signatures.
The first collision in MD5, discovered in 2004 by a group of Chinese researchers (PDF), used a lot of math and about an hour of computation by a supercomputer. Today, computing an MD5 collision takes only seconds on a laptop. This was cleverly demonstrated by Nat McHugh, who used a chosen-prefix hash collision (more on this later) in MD5 to create two images with the same hash—in this case Barry White and James Brown (he later created a three-way collision with Jack Black).
Three images with the same MD5 hash:
You can verify this yourself via curl and md5 :
$ curl -s https://blog.cloudflare.com/content/images/2015/08/white.jpg | md5 b69dd1fd1254868b6e0bb8ed9fe7ecad $ curl -s https://blog.cloudflare.com/content/images/2015/08/brown.jpg | md5 b69dd1fd1254868b6e0bb8ed9fe7ecad $ curl -s https://blog.cloudflare.com/content/images/2015/08/black.jpg | md5 b69dd1fd1254868b6e0bb8ed9fe7ecad
Despite being relatively trivial to find an MD5 collision, it's still not known how to perform a second-preimage attack on MD5. For example, given a digitally signed certificate, nobody has been able to create a second certificate with the same hash. Despite this, researchers created a certificate with the same signature as a certificate trusted by browsers.
The technique they used, a chosen-prefix attack, was originally proposed by Marc Stevens in their Master's Thesis. It can be used to create a forged certificate as long as you can get a certificate authority to issue a certificate that starts with predictable values.
Chosen-prefix attacks
If you can find a collision, you can take two different values and append data to each so they hash to the same value. In the original MD5 collision attack, the researchers computed two messages M1 and M2 such that H(M1) = H(M2) . Stevens extended this research to find a way to make two known values P1 and P2 collide by appending bytes. With prefixes P1 and P2 , they were able to demonstrate how to find S1 and S2 so that H(P1|S1) = H(P2|S2) .
This was enough to allow an attacker to create two certificates with the same hash. Let's look at the approximate structure of a certificate:
Serial number
Validity period
Domain name
Public key
X.509 extensions
Signature
If the attacker knows every value before the domain, then they can take
P1 = Serial number | Validity period | real domain name
and
P2 = Serial number | Validity period | forged domain name
and apply the attack to get S1 and S2 that fit into the public key section. If the serial number and validity period can be predicted, a collision can be found using the following steps:
Guess when the certificate will be issued; Predict the serial number for certificates issued in that time period; and Compute matching prefixes for several guesses covering the expected serial numbers and issuance dates
The attacker precomputes chosen-prefix collisions for the choices for each of these values, where one prefix has a domain name that is under the requester's control (e.g. for attacker.com) and one for the target domain (e.g. google.com). The "collision bits" that cause the two certificates to collide end up aligning with first few bytes of the public key of the certificate.
Once the collisions are computed, the attacker has to convince a CA to issue a certificate with the correct serial number at the correct time for a verifiable domain and a public key that corresponds to the collision bits. If they're lucky, the certificate the CA returns will have the same hash as the malicious certificate. They can then transpose the valid signature onto the malicious certificate to make it trusted.
Colliding the domain name is the simplest type of chosen-prefix collision attack. It is also possible to prepare the collision in such a way that the RSA public key from the trusted certificate lines up with the X.509 extensions of the forged certificate. This is much more dangerous since it allows the forged certificate to set the "Is CA" bit. As long as the path length constraint of the signing CA is large enough, this forged CA would be able to issue trusted certificates for any domain.
Forging MD5 certificates in practice
In 2008, several researchers (including Marc Stevens and Alex Sotirov) used chosen prefix collision techniques to forge a certificate authority trusted by browsers. This proof of concept was presented at the Chaos Communication Congress in 2008 and required only a few days of computation.
In 2012, a piece of malware called Flame was discovered. Flame was able to infect computers by hijacking Microsoft's Windows Update mechanism. At the time, Windows Update validated updates by checking code signatures using certificates signed by Microsoft using a MD5-based signature. The authors of Flame used a forged Microsoft certificate. According to an analysis of this certificate, it was likely the chosen-prefix technique was used to create Flame's forged certificate.
Forbes declared this the most worrisome security discovery of 2012 since it demonstrated it was feasible for attackers to forge any website's certificate using an MD5 hash collision when the client trusts MD5-signed certificates.
SHA-1 vs MD5
SHA-1 is supposedly more secure than MD5 for use in digital signatures. The National Security Agency published SHA-1 (SHA stands for Secure Hash Algorithm) in 1995 as a standard for cryptographically secure hashing. Designed to be collision resistant up to 280 bits, SHA-1 has had a long and useful life, and a collision has not been published as of this blog post. Even though a collision has never been published, several theoretical attacks (the first in 2005, improved in 2012) indicate that SHA-1 is not as secure as its bit length implies. The latest research suggests that its collision resistance is at best 265 — within the realm of feasibility for some governments. In fact, researchers published a freestart collision (a precursor to a full collision) for SHA-1 earlier this year.
CC BY-SA 2.0
Academic cryptanalysts are like sharks. If there's blood in the water, they swarm. It took nine years to get from the first published weakness in MD5 (1996) to a hash collision (2005), and then another three years to forge a trusted digital signature (2008). They might be slow, but they're relentless.
Attacks always improve and computers get more powerful. It was nine years from first weakness to hash collision in MD5; it's been ten years for SHA-1. If history is any guide, a public collision for SHA-1 could be published at any moment, with chosen-prefix collisions arriving soon after.
Preventing chosen-prefix attacks by requiring serial number entropy
One way to improve the security of digital signatures against a chosen-prefix attack is to make the prefix less predictable.
As described above, the chosen prefix attack requires the attacker to predict both the serial number and the validity period. Certificates used on the web have serial numbers up to 160 bits long. Requiring CAs to make the serial number unpredictable instead of sequential, it is possible to make the chosen-prefix attack significantly more expensive.
For example, if a CA ensures the serial number contains 20 bits of entropy, then the attacker will need to compute 220 chosen-prefixes in order to guess the serial number correctly.
This makes the attack over a million times more difficult.
Computing a SHA-1 collision might be feasible in 2016, and there's a chance that chosen-prefix attacks also become feasible. Nevertheless, choosing partially randomized serial can make certificate forgery significantly more difficult for attackers. Barring a breakthrough in hash collision techniques, it's unlikely we'll see a certificate collision for long time.
Conclusion
The SHA-1 hash function, widely used for everything from file integrity to digital signatures, is at the end of its useful life. Some browsers even show security warnings when websites use certificates signed using a SHA-1 based digital signature. A hash collision in SHA-1 is bad, but it's not what matters for web security. Digital signature forgery is more problematic for trust on the Web. Requiring CAs to randomize serial numbers will significantly increase the cost of such forgeries, allowing potentially weak algorithms like SHA-1 to be useful for longer. This is why we make it mandatory for CAs to use serial numbers that include at least 20 bits of entropy in our proposal to the CA/B Forum for Legacy Verified (LV) SHA-1 certificates.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca
60 AD
De Beneficiis
Book I.
Among the numerous faults of those who pass their lives recklessly and without due reflexion, my good friend Liberalis, I should say that there is hardly any one so hurtful to society as this, that we neither know how to bestow nor how to receive a benefit. It follows from this that benefits are badly invested, and become bad debts: in these cases it is too late to complain of their not being returned, for they were thrown away when we bestowed them. Nor need we wonder that while the greatest vices are common, none is more common than ingratitude: for this I see is brought about by various causes. The first of these is, that we do not choose worthy persons upon whom to bestow our bounty, but although when we are about to lend money we first make a careful enquiry into the means and habits of life of our debtor, and avoid sowing seed in a worn-out or unfruitful soil, yet without any discrimination we scatter our benefits at random rather than bestow them. It is hard to say whether it is more dishonourable for the receiver to disown a benefit, or for the giver to demand a return of it: for a benefit is a loan, the repayment of which depends merely upon the good feeling of the debtor. To misuse a benefit like a spendthrift is most shameful, because we do not need our wealth but only our intention to set us free from the obligation of it; for a benefit is repaid by being acknowledged. Yet while they are to blame who do not even show so much gratitude as to acknowledge their debt, we ourselves are to blame no less. We find many men ungrateful, yet we make more men so, because at one time we harshly and reproachfully demand some return for our bounty, at another we are fickle and regret what we have given, at another we are peevish and apt to find fault with trifles. By acting thus we destroy all sense of gratitude, not only after we have given anything, but while we are in the act of giving it. Who has ever thought it enough to be asked for anything in an off-hand manner, or to be asked only once? Who, when they suspected that they were going to be asked for any thing, has not frowned, turned away their face, pretended to be busy, or purposely talked without ceasing, in order not to give their suitor a chance of preferring their request, and avoided by various tricks having to help their friend in their pressing need? and when driven into a corner, has not either put the matter off, that is, given a cowardly refusal, or promised their help ungraciously, with a wry face, and with unkind words, of which they seemed to grudge the utterance.
Police serving Berkeley University in California were captured on video sitting idly by as President Donald Trump supporters were beated and harraunged by leftists who hate the administration.
As the violence escalated police in Berkeley stood down and retreated from the crowds. I have never seen so few police at an event like this — Tim Pool (@Timcast) April 16, 2017
As one journalist who witnessed the scene tweeted: “As the violence escalated, police in Berkeley stood down and retreated from the crowds. I have never seen so few police at an event like this.”
Another tweeted about the bloody violence, and failure of police to act.
Literally blood on the streets and the police ran away from the #BerkeleyProtest live now on Twitter pic.twitter.com/XRbh8hhMB5 — Luke Rudkowski (@Lukewearechange) April 15, 2017
The events unfolded on Saturday, with many eye-witnesses saying police didn't just casually stand by and do nothing — they actively and intentionally left the scene.
The American Mirror reports:
“‘As the violence escalated police in Berkeley stood down and retreated from the crowds,' reporter Tim Pool tweeted. ‘I have never seen so few police at an event like this.' “One observer claimed police “ran away,” despite several Trump rally attendees being attacked. “Mother Jones reporter Shane Bauer saw two officers at a patrol car, not engaged in protecting citizens from violence. “‘Hey, how come you guys are hanging back?” they asked an officer standing in an open door of the car and another sat in the back seat. “‘That would be a question for the chief of police,' an officer sitting in the driver's seat responded. “‘You want a public statement, right?' the standing officer asked the reporter. “‘I would refer you to our public information officer.' “‘Do they told you to hang back?' Bauer said. “‘As I said, I refer you to our public information officer,' the cop responded. “‘I've been watching all day people get beat up pretty bad and I haven't seen you guys around much,' Bauer said. “‘Okay, and?' the officer responded. “Numerous videos show Trump supporters being beaten in the streets as police failed to keep the two sides apart. “At one point, several black-clad agitators isolated a lone Trump supporter and pummeled them with fists and feet. “Someone jumped in and clubbed them with a skateboard.”
The Truth Must be Told Your contribution supports independent journalism Please take a moment to consider this. Now, more than ever, people are reading Geller Report for news they won't get anywhere else. But advertising revenues have all but disappeared. Google Adsense is the online advertising monopoly and they have banned us. Social media giants like Facebook and Twitter have blocked and shadow-banned our accounts. But we won't put up a paywall. Because never has the free world needed independent journalism more. Everyone who reads our reporting knows the Geller Report covers the news the media won't. We cannot do our ground-breaking report without your support. We must continue to report on the global jihad and the left's war on freedom. Our readers' contributions make that possible. Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe our work is critical in the fight for freedom and because it is your fight, too. Please contribute to our ground-breaking work here.
Make a monthly commitment to support The Geller Report – choose the option that suits you best. Contribute Monthly - Choose One Subscriber : $18.00 USD - monthly Contributor : $36.00 USD - monthly Patron : $50.00 USD - monthly Silver member : $100.00 USD - monthly Gold member : $250.00 USD - monthly Platinum member : $500.00 USD - monthly
Cheeky Monkey Brewing Co. Softly Opens Tonight in Fenway
Get your first taste of the "cross-cultured street food" tonight, while the house beers will begin to flow in the coming days.
Devoted foodies and restaurant newbies love The Feed. Sign up now for our twice weekly newsletter.
There's a new spot to pre-game in Fenway, and by the time the Red Sox are back in the neighborhood, it will likely be serving up its own beers. Cheeky Monkey Brewing Co. softly opens tonight on Lansdowne Street, while its half-a-dozen house brews should be ready by the end of the week.
The brewpub, which will also offer a range of guest beers on draft and in bottles, plus wines, cocktails, and a full bar, is the latest from Boston nightlife impresario Kevin Troy. They cofounded the entertainment mecca Jillian's in 1988, and is also now behind the attached Lucky Strike bowling alley, and Whiskey Saigon in the Theatre District. Troy shuttered the dance club Tequila Rain to open the brewery concept.
Cheeky Monkey will bring more billiards to the Fenway neighborhood, along with shuffleboard and ping pong on its lower level. It also has a full menu of street food-inspired nourishment. Chef Jessica Brown is behind the “cross-cultured” menu. Formerly owner of the now-closed Treats on Washington, the Culinary Institute grad was also formerly chef de cuisine at Caffe Umbra, executive sous chef at Rocca Kitchen & Bar, and sous chef at Bina Osteria.
Expect beer-friendly snacks like hoisin-glazed chicken wings, a Cajun “poutine,” katsu chicken bao, Singaporean street noodles, and more. There are 14 guest drafts, and later this month, the first of of an anticipated six house beers will get tapped. Cheeky Monkey will offer pale ales, IPAs, wheat beers, and more—and it's just one of many new breweries coming soon to Greater Boston.
The brewpub will seat about 160 at a mix of high-top tables and booths, plus at the bar and in the lounge area. It will host a grand opening in September. In the meantime, Cheeky Monkey is open nightly from 5 p.m.-2 a.m., and from noon-2 a.m. on Saturday and Sunday.
3 Lansdowne St., Fenway, Boston, 617-859-0030, cheekymonkeyboston.com
Star alongside RuneScape's most dashing rogue, Ozan, in two new quests. These two quests can be completed by players of all levels and are fully voice-acted. Be sure to play with the sound on for the full experience!
Stolen Hearts (free and members)
Ozan's in Draynor Village, looking for an old friend who's fallen into bad company. You'll join Ozan as you infiltrate the Draynor underworld, meet an old flame, and become caught up in a kidnapping plot of princely proportions that leads back to Al Kharid - the home from which Ozan was banished years ago.
Traverse the rooftops of the gloriously reworked Al Kharid to steal the mother of all diamonds, and confront the kidnapping villains. You may find, though, that the intrigue runs deeper than you or Ozan ever suspected...
Rewards include Constitution XP and 2500 coins. At any time after the quest is completed (even if you were free-to-play at completion), members can claim one of four criminally cool titles, chosen to depend the type of rogue you proved yourself to be during the quest (changeable if you're not happy with the result), as well as Agility, Prayer and Thieving XP lamps.
How to start Stolen Hearts:
Speak to Ozan in Draynor Village.
Requirements:
None.
Combat:
You'll need to defeat 3 level 2 mercenaries.
Diamond in the Rough (members only)
Osman, the Al Kharid spymaster, has sent you and Ozan deep into the Kharidian desert, trailing the mysterious perpetrator of Stolen Hearts's kidnapping plot. A ransom payment that doesn't want to be given away, as well as some altogether smellier perils, mean that this desert adventure will require every ounce of yours and Ozan's roguish guile.
Help Ozan as they seek to clear their name, unearth forgotten lore that sets the scene for the later desert quests, and find out who was really behind the kidnapping plot.
Rewards include Agility, Constitution and Thieving XP, as well as access to an all-new underground area and the opportunity to get hold of a new weapon and shield.
Enjoy!
Mod Srowley
How to start Diamond in the Rough:
Speak to Ozan outside the palace in Al Kharid.
Requirements:
You must be a RuneScape member.
Stolen Hearts
Combat:
You'll need to defeat 6 level 2 bandits and 2 level 5 thugs.
Behind the Scenes Video
If you haven't already, take a look at the Ozan Double Bill and the Al Kharid rework in our recent Behind the Scenes video:
Also, there's a medley of music from the Ozan Double Bill and Al Kharid rework:
In Other News
The Prince Ali Rescue quest has been removed from the game. Stolen Hearts and Diamond in the Rough include and greatly expand upon the story of the original quest.
Be sure to take a look at our latest Lores & Histories story: The Rising Sun, which gives a mostly reliable account of Ozan's youth in Al Kharid.
The Gielinor surface map has had all unexplored mapsquares filled in, to give the world a more complete feel.
The patch notes archive can be seen here.
Discuss this here.
SEOUL (Yonhap) — South Korea's communications watchdog said Thursday it banned local access to 29 online postings related to the Islamic State (IS), the latest result of government monitoring of potential contacts with terrorist groups.
The Korea Communications Standards Commission said the banned contents include a Twitter posting titled “ISIS Jobs openings” and its copies being circulated online. The posting said the group is seeking to recruit hackers, programmers and other experts from various fields.
The move came a day after state authorities said it will expand monitoring of the social network services and shut down access to content that influences people to carry out terrorist acts or join terrorist groups.
An 18-year-old South Korean, identified only by their surname Kim, disappeared on Jan. 10 during a trip to the southern Turkish town of Kilis. South Korean investigators suspect they tried to cross into Syria, possibly to join the IS. Kim is said to have accessed links to the IS and used SNS to keep in contact with a friend who may have connected them to the militant group.
South Korea's communications law stipulates that the government can ban the circulation of any “information, including racism, genocide, terrorism, and others, that can significantly threaten international peace and order.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Thomas Fessy joins French patrols stepping into the Sahel region's main militant hotspot
France has set up a military base in Niger, just south of the Libyan border, hoping to cut off trafficking and supply routes, on which militant groups like Islamic State rely to spread their influence around the region, as Thomas Fessy reports.
Paratroopers from the Foreign Legion are receiving last-minute instructions before they climb in their armoured vehicles.
Engines roaring, they are on the move before the first light. This morning, they will advance through a searing and bitterly cold desert wind.
The temperature sinks to 4C (39F) overnight and at 05:30, the mercury of the thermometer has not started to rise.
These soldiers' mission is not the easiest; they are searching for clues amidst the emptiness.
Image caption The Niger-Libya border region is known as the "grey area"
Image caption The last French outpost before the border
The French base of Madama, in Niger's far north, is only about 100km (60 miles) from the Libyan border.
"It is a grey area from here to the border," a French senior military source explains.
"The authorities of Niger cannot control it."
In fact, jihadist groups control the west side of the Libyan border while local Libyan ethnic Tubu militia control the east side.
The French are trying to secure this vast zone to stop jihadist fighters and weapons from moving south and destabilising their former colonies in the Sahel region, and potentially linking up with Boko Haram in Nigeria.
"We are worried by the situation in Libya because terrorist groups are regrouping in the Libyan south-west and use it as their rear base," says Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas [French officers on assignments are not allowed to give their surnames], Detachment Commander in Madama.
"These groups cross into Niger and follow the Algerian border to reach Mali, where they supply terrorist groups with weapons," they add.
"So we are here to keep pressure on them and make sure that they can't go through any more."
Troops and special forces conducting operations on the ground are supported by French jets stationed in Chad's capital, N'Djamena, from where France has operated its 3,000-strong regional Operation Barkhane since August last year.
French Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian announced last week that additional troops would soon join this force. They did not give any indication of the numbers.
Cannabis seized
French war planes and attack helicopters destroyed two convoys that had crossed into Niger from Libya in September and October, Barkhane officials told the BBC.
Both were full of explosives and weapons.
"It's not about the number of men we have," force commander Gen Jean-Pierre Palasset said.
"It's about our ability to deploy very quickly and our capability to be at the right location at the right time."
About 100 fighters have been killed or captured and several tonnes of weapons have been recovered since the beginning of the operation, according to official figures given by Barkhane officials.
The French even seized a couple of tonnes of cannabis in December.
Image caption Supplies must be flown into this remote outpost
The armoured personnel carriers stop a first time and align themselves in order to cover a 360' radius. Legionnaires continue on foot, searching the area.
It is an ocean of sand but they follow the coordinates they were given, braving the icy wind.
The second stop will be at the bottom of a rocky mountain. Any trace of recent movements or bivouacs will be reported back.
French-US co-operation
The French and the Americans have eyes in the sky in northern Niger, but these boots on the ground help them map out suspicious activities.
Little by little, the French explore this part of the desert.
France and the US are working in partnership in the Sahel, the arid region south of the Sahara.
The Obama administration provides financial, logistical and intelligence support to the French, leaving them to deploy combat forces.
Operation Barkhane's last outpost before the Libyan border is a tiny shelter mounted on what is called a bastion wall - made of sand bags reinforced with steel mesh.
Image caption Looking north in case of Islamist incursions
Guns and binoculars pointed towards the border, soldiers who rotate here are on the lookout.
"Most political actors see this French build-up as a prelude to some kind of military action in southern Libya itself," says Wolfram Lacher, researcher at the German Institute for International and Security Affairs.
Reliable sources say France has already conducted reconnaissance incursions in Libya's south-west.
While Barkhane soldiers keep a lonely vigil on the sandy hill, the army of Niger is manning a customs checkpoint a few hundreds yards away.
"We are searching lorries and all vehicles for weapons, drugs and any other illicit goods," says the man in charge, Maj Hassan Ousseini.
This is the gateway to Libya. From here onwards, begins one of the busiest trafficking routes in the Sahara, on which militia and jihadist groups continue to thrive.
'Weapon seizures rare'
It all transits here. For West African migrants who have paid smugglers in Agadez - about 1,000km south - this may be the last peaceful stop before the Libyan "hell", as migrants we spoke to on a previous trip described it.
But on this trip, we are not allowed to talk to any civilians.
"We do catch weapons, especially when we conduct patrols in the area because there are vehicles that bypass our check-point," Maj Ousseini says.
"We go on patrol three or four times a month and that is when we seize vehicles transporting weapons and drugs."
Maj Ousseini admits that seizures remain rare.
Armed groups have learned to dodge patrols and checkpoints over the years.
"It is extremely difficult for the governments of Niger and Chad to prevent cross-border smuggling," Mr Lacher says.
"Influential players have big stakes in this business."
Image caption France has become the Saharan police officer
France has deployed about 200 men in Madama.
They are sleeping under tents but Madama is no unknown territory.
This advanced base is taking shape right next to an old fort that the French army built out of dry mud in 1931 to defend themselves against the Italians, first, and then the British.
It is now home to the Nigeriens.
A few hundred kilometres further south, the Nigerien town of Arlit hosts a multi-billion French investment in uranium production, targeted by jihadist groups two years ago.
In Madama, the French are stepping into the region's main militant hotspot, concerned that illegal trafficking will empower groups linked to al-Qaeda or Islamic State across the Sahel.
"These armed groups may channel weapons into Nigeria indeed," Lt-Col Thomas says.
It is believed that a handful of senior commanders from the Nigerian Boko Haram received training in northern Mali when jihadist fighters linked to al-Qaeda occupied it in 2012.
Boko Haram has recently pledged loyalty to the Islamic State. A few days later, an ethnic-Tubu IS member reportedly called on the southern Tubu militia to join IS too.
Mr Lacher downplays any short-term prospects of a "larger alliance between IS and the Tubus", but they warn that even though IS remains marginal in Libya, it is growing rapidly.
"Our operations are aimed at stopping the flow of logistical support that terrorist groups based in Libya can provide in Nigeria and Mali," insists Lt-Col Thomas.
The former colonial power, France, today stands as the Saharan police officer and has made it its mission to break the shifting allegiances between extremist groups.
But with Boko Haram to the south and an expanding Islamic State to the north, the regional outlook is not too promising.
This announcement is also available in Italian, Spanish and Taiwanese Mandarin.
We are excited to announce the second Chakra release of 2017, which you can download now via torrent or https.
The sha512sum is
897d90f798958dbbd9b5b5b7ef3d6713aea40bf18859da74fd4ef4e7ab2213cead4e90f2b3716e4535a4c400ec824dfddc59185f867c46a2042ac53ab396cf85 .
This release keeps the codename Goedel in honor of the logician, mathematician and philosopher Kurt Goedel. We take this opportunity to thank everyone that has contributed in making this happen, we greatly appreciate all your feedback and support.
The 2017.10 ISO is a maintenance release. As always, it is a snapshot of our stable repositories and includes all the package upgrades and changes that have happened in Chakra since the previous ISO release.
Noteworthy changes include:
This release also ships with the following package versions that are already available in our repositories:
KDE Software
Plasma 5.10.5
Frameworks 5.38
Applications 17.08.1
Calligra 3.0.1
Core Packages
linux 4.12.4
xorg-server 1.19.3
systemd 231
qt5 5.9.1
qt 4.8.7
sddm 0.15.0
Graphics Drivers
mesa 17.1.5
xf86-video-intel 2.99.917+770+gcb6ba2d
xf86-video-nouveau 1.0.15
xf86-video-amdgpu 1.3.0
xf86-video-ati 7.9.0
nvidia 384.59
nvidia-340xx 340.102
nvidia-304xx 304.135
We would like to remind you that:
Forget about oil or gas – you should be worrying about the less discussed but far more concerning fact that the world is running out of clean, drinkable water.
I wrote this article while in Kathmandu. Nepal's capital and largest city has a severe water shortage. Even though all homeowners pay a fee to the government to get water on tap, supplies run only once a week for a few hours. Desperate residents are then forced to purchase water from private suppliers. While this is affordable for richer people, it's a big problem for the lower and middle classes. For many in the developing world, water is really the difference between prosperity and poverty.
More than a billion people around the world have no reasonable access to fresh water. Most of the diseases in developing countries are associated with water, causing millions of deaths each year (a child is estimated to die from diarrhoea every 17 seconds).
Given all this, we have to come up with a solution to global water use fast, before water scarcity becomes a major cause of international conflict.
The vast majority of our water is found in the oceans. Only 3% is fresh and can be used for farming and drinking, and in any case most of this is frozen in glaciers and polar ice caps. That means just 0.5% of the Earth's water is accessible and, of this, more than two thirds is used in agriculture.
If we're going to cut back on our water usage, we have to focus on making our farms more sustainable and efficient. With the global population still growing, we'll need to produce ever more crops using less water, in less agricultural land.
Worldwide, just over a third (37%) of the land that could be used to grow crops is currently used. Potential farmland is available, but it's not developed due a lack of infrastructure, forest cover or conservation. A lack of land isn't really a big problem as of now – but water is.
Go beyond traditional farming
So how to grow crops using less water? One option would be to find a sustainable way to remove salt from our (essentially infinite) reserves of seawater. The farm in South Australia pictured below uses energy from the sun to extract seawater and desalinate it to create fresh water, which can be used to grow crops in large greenhouses.
Such farms are based in barren areas, and the plants are grown with hydroponics systems that don't require soil. Growing crops like this all year round would significantly reduce freshwater usage in hot and dry regions, but the cost of setting up these greenhouses remains an issue.
Water shortages would also ease significantly if farmers could simply use less water to produce the same yield. Easier said than done, of course, but this is especially important in drought-prone areas.
Plant scientists around the world are busy identifying genes that enable plant growth in arid, dry conditions. For example, what is it that makes upland rice grow in dry soil while lowland rice requires well irrigated paddy fields for growth?
Once the keys to drought tolerance are identified, they can be introduced in crops through genetic engineering (and no, this doesn't involve injecting food with toxins as suggested by a Google image search).
Farmers traditionally bred drought tolerant crops through the slow and painstaking process of selection and crossing over many generations. Genetic engineering (GE) provides a short-cut.
A recent study identified diverse root architecture systems in different chickpea varieties. Future studies hope to identify genes that make some roots efficient at capturing water and nutrients from dry soils. Once a genetic factor is identified, scientists are able to directly deliver the gene that helps plants to capture more water.
A key factor for drought-tolerance in plants is the plant hormone abscisic acid (ABA), which increases plants' water efficiency in droughts. But ABA also reduces the efficiency of photosynthesis, which reduces plant growth in the longer term, and as a result crop yields decrease.
OverlandTheAmericas / shutterstock
But plants didn't always have this trade-off: modern crops have lost a key gene that enabled early land plants like mosses to tolerate extreme dehydration. This enabled early plants to colonise land from freshwater around 500m years ago. Modern desert mosses also collect water through their leaves which helps them to grow in dry conditions.
This is the big challenge for plant scientists. To engineer crops that can be grown with minimum irrigation and that will eventually help relieve water scarcity, we'll have to reintroduce the dehydration tolerance systems which many “higher” plants have lost but things like moss have necessarily retained.
Genetic engineering remains controversial even though extensive scientific studies report GE crops available in the markets are safe for consumption. This is partly just a communication failure. But the fact is we will eventually need to use all the tech available to us, and GE crops have too much potential to ignore.
For Lost Girl‘s Stateside fans, the beginning of the end will kick off Friday, April 17 at 10/9c, Syfy announced on Tuesday.
Syfy will on that date uncork the first eight episodes of the supernatural drama's fifth and final season.
April 17 is also when Syfy will premiere Season 2 of the Laura Vandervoort-fronted werewolf drama Bitten, starting with a two-hour premiere at 8 pm. (The show then makes its regular time slot debut the following Friday, at 9.)
Also coming up on Syfy:
* The eight-part unscripted series Haunting: Australia premieres Tuesday, March 24 at 10 pm.
* Olympus, a 13-episode mythological drama starring Matt Frewer (Orphan Black), Sonita Henry (The Fifth Element), Cas Anvar (The Expanse) and Graham Shiels (Thor: Dark World), premieres Thursday, April 2 at 10 pm.
* The original TV-movie Lake Placid vs. Anaconda airs Saturday, April 25 at 9 pm.
Which of the above Syfy premieres are you most anticipating?
NASA spends a lot of time researching the Earth and its surrounding space environment. One particular feature of interest are the Van Allen belts, so much so that NASA built special probes to study them! They've now discovered a protective bubble they believe has been generated by human transmissions in the VLF range.
VLF transmissions cover the 3-30 kHz range, and thus bandwidth is highly limited. VLF hardware is primarily used to communicate with submarines, often to remind them that, yes, everything is still fine and there's no need to launch the nukes yet. It's also used for navigation and broadcasting time signals.
It seems that this human transmission has created a barrier of sorts in the atmosphere that protects it against radiation from space. Interestingly, the outward edge of this “VLF Bubble” seems to correspond very closely with the innermost edge of the Van Allen belts caused by Earth's magnetic field. What's more, the inner limit of the Van Allan belts now appears to be much farther away from the Earth's surface than it was in the 1960s, which suggests that human-made VLF transmissions could be responsible for pushing the boundary outwards.
Overall, this seems like an accidental, but potentially positive effect of human activity – the barrier protects the Earth from potentially harmful radiation. NASA's YouTube video on the topic suggests that understanding this mechanism better could enable us to protect our satellites and space vehicles from some of the harmful effects of the space environment.
NASA does a lot of high-end research – like the EM drive that's got a lot of people very confused right now.
[Thanks bty!]
A map of Africa, made by John Cary in 1805 showing the mountains of Kong extending eastwards to the Moon mountains.
In 1798 a map resulting from the explorations of the area by Mungo Park[2] showed this west to east mountain range for the first time. It was produced by the English cartographer James Rennell[1] who showed the Niger evaporating inland at Wangara.[2]
The German mapmaker Johann Reinecke included the mountains in their map of 1804 as the Geburg Kong.[1] In 1805 the London engraver John Cary showed them for the first time linking to the Moon Mountains.[1]
Various nineteenth century explorers of West Africa included the range on maps they produced or directed the production of after exploring the area. These include French explorer René Caillié, who explored the highlands of Guinea at Fouta Djallon, near the source of the Niger; the Cornish explorer Richard Lemon Lander and their younger brother John; and Scottish explorer Hugh Clapperton who also sought the course of the Niger River in its upper reaches.[1] The historians Thomas Basset and Phillip Porter have identified forty maps showing the mountains published between 1798 and 1892.[1][3]
Despite the failure of other later explorers to locate the range, it continued to appear on maps until late in the nineteenth century.[4]
Cartographers stopped including the mountains on maps after French explorer Louis Gustave Binger established that the mountains were fictitious in their 1887–89 expedition to chart the Niger River from its mouth in the Gulf of Guinea and through Côte d'Ivoire.[1]
In 1928 Bartholemew's Oxford Advanced Atlas still contained them in its index locating them at 8° 40' N, 5° 0' W.[1] Even later they appeared erroneously in Goode's World Atlas of 1995.[5]
Saint Louis University star forward Robbie Kristo is just one of many top college prospects who was kept out of MLS due to its policies on signing underclassmen. And now Kristo is off to play in Italy.
BY Brooke Tunstall Posted
December 24, 2014
1:35 PM SHARE THIS STORY
, all it would have taken for Major League Soccer to sign Robbie Kristo was a couple of phone calls and a decent offer. Now they won't get them at all, and an already weak 2015 MLS "SuperDraft" just got weaker.
Kristo is a three-time All-American striker at Saint Louis University, where they just finished their senior year, a six-foot-four power forward with deft feet and a scorer's mentality. They would have been one of the top strikers in the draft but instead he's Europe-bound, having come to terms with a club in Italy's Serie B.
(Terms of Kristo's deal were not disclosed and ASN is honoring requests from Kristo's camp to not identity the Italian team until the signing is officially announced.)
“It was a really good offer and more than MLS was ever going to pay,” according to a source familiar with Kristo's situation who asked to remain anonymous. “They signed them without them going on trial, just based on video. They really want him.”
Several MLS teams also wanted Kristo. A year ago they were expected to be part of the Generation Adidas class for 2014 and was hoping for a chance to turn pro then. But despite some MLS coaches telling ASN they thought Kristo was ready for pro soccer a year ago, an offer never came their way. So Kristo returned for their senior season and scored 14 goals and registered two assists and was named the Atlantic 10 Conference's player of the year and a first-team All-American.
Born in Bosnia to Croatian parents but raised in St. Louis, Kristo won't count as an international player in a European Union country, which made them more marketable in Europe. It also underscores why MLS was shortsighted in not inking them a year ago. Kristo is represented by Mike Gartlan of COR Sports Management, which also represents New England defender A.J. Soares, who is a free agent this winter and has reportedly inked a deal with Serie A club Hellas Verona.
Now, with the need to stock two new expansion teams, Kristo won't be available in a draft that will already be without some of the top underclassmen in the country.
According to multiple MLS and college evaluators, the three top pro field players in college soccer this year is a trio of sophomores: Connecticut forward Cyle Larin, a Canadian national team player; Joshua Yaro, a sophomore defender from Georgetown who is originally from Ghana; and Washington midfielder Cristian Roldan, a member of the U.S. under-20 national team pool.
The top goalkeeper in the country, especially after Maryland sophomore Zack Steffen signed with Freiburg in Germany, is Syracuse junior All-American Alex Bono.
Yaro was always going to be tough to sign because of their desire to finish, or at least get closer to finishing, their degree. Several sources said the offer they received from MLS wasn't enough to coax them from school. “Yaro is staying in school and not joining MLS this year,” Georgetown coach Brian Wiese told ASN.
That's disappointing news for many in the league, especially expansion Orlando City, which made no secret it coveted the speedy Yaro and had repeatedly scouted him.
Roldan is coveted by Adidas, which sponsors the program that MLS uses to sign underclassmen for the draft, because they did a commercial for them as a nine-year old. They have since blossomed into one of the most complete midfielders in the country and was also underwhelmed by the offer they received from MLS.
“It sounds like they are going to stay,” said a source close to the situation. “But MLS, especially if Adidas puts pressure on them to sign him, might increase their offer. They're still negotiating but right now they haven't offered enough to get them to leave.”
Larin, as ASN reported earlier this month, left for European trials immediately after taking their last final exam. However, this has prompted MLS to up its offer and they are using going to Europe as leverage to try and get more out of MLS.
“He's got someone negotiating with MLS for him,” said someone familiar with the situation. “With Yaro not signing there's a lot of pressure on MLS to get a couple of these guys.”
A league source said Bono is on their radar but as of Christmas Eve MLS had not reached out to him.
All of these raises questions about the future of the Generation Adidas program, which MLS has long trumpeted as the focal point of its annual draft and has produced myriad future national team stars like Clint Dempsey, Brad Guzan, and Omar Gonzalez. Unlike other American professional leagues, MLS does not allow underclassmen to declare for its SuperDraft if they haven't signed Generation Adidas deals.
“So much of MLS' emphasis now, in terms of signing young players, is on the academies and the homegrown players,” one prominent agent said. “They don't seem like they know what they want to do with Generation Adidas now but they don't seem like they're as willing to sign the top underclassmen who aren't homegrown players as they once were.”
Could this lead to MLS scuppering the Generation Adidas program and instead letting underclassmen into the draft?
“We believe that for some players, turning pro early is best for them, for their development and best for our teams,” said MLS vice president for player relations and competition Lino DiCuollo. “But any changes to our system would likely have to come through the new (collective bargaining agreement with the players' union). Opening the draft to underclassmen could be something that's in the new CBA. We don't want players turning pro when they're not ready and losing their (NCAA) eligibility so it's something we have to be very careful with."
The current CBA expires this month and MLS and the players' union are currently hammering out terms of a new one though it's not expected to be competed for several weeks, if they come to terms at all.
With Kristo and Yaro out of the draft and Roldan, Larin, and Bono unknowns, other possible names that have been mentioned in GA deals include UCLA defenders Michael Amick, a sophomore, and Chase Gasper, a first-year student, as well as midfielder Jake Rozhansky, a first-year student who just helped Virginia to a national title. All three are members of the U.S. U-20 national team pool.
“Those three, all of them will probably be good players but none of them are ready now,” said one MLS evaluator. “In my opinion it would be a mistake to sign them just because you can't sign the players you really want. They're all probably better off staying in school.”
Meanwhile, there are other older players with eligibility remaining who want into the draft but haven't been offered Generation Adidas deals. One such player is Marquette defender Axel Sjoberg. A six-foot-seven redshirt junior from Sweden, Sjoberg was an All-American as a sophomore and would be the tallest field player in MLS history if they made an MLS roster. Their size is obviously impressive but he'll be 24 in March, which takes some of the luster off them as a prospect.
“He's getting their degree and they could come back as a graduate student but they want to turn pro now,” said Marquette coach Louis Bennett. “He has some offers back in Sweden but he'd like to stay here but they haven't heard anything from MLS.”
MLS' policy on redshirt juniors has been inconsistent, with some signed to GA deals, some allowed to declare for the draft, and others returning for a fifth year. “We have tended to take that on a case-by-case basis,” said DiCuollo.
Then there's the case of Dzenan Catic, a former Michigan high school player of the year who signed with Kaiserslautern in Germany as a senior in high school but returned home after 18 months because of a series of injuries.
Because they had signed with a pro club, Catic was ineligible to play NCAA soccer so they instead enrolled at nearby Davenport, which competes in the NAIA, an association of smaller colleges that has looser eligibility restrictions. In two seasons at Davenport, Catic, 22, has put up video game numbers, scoring 63 goals and 18 assists in 47 games en route to leading their team to a national title and being named NAIA player of the year.
This summer, playing against Division I opponents in the Premier Development League, they scored 18 goals in as many games for the Michigan Bucks, led it to a PDL national title, and was named the league's Most Valuable Player.
“We've gotten a lot of calls from MLS coaches about Dzenan and they scouted some of our games and they would like to go pro now,” Davenport coach Chris Hughes. “He's just a goal-scorer. He's as good at scoring goals as any college player in the country, regardless of level.”
DiCuollo said they were unsure if Catic would be allowed into the SuperDraft. “We'll have to look into their situation,” they said.
Brooke Tunstall is an American Soccer Now contributing editor and ASN 100 panelist. You can follow them on Twitter
Director General Ronald dela Rosa on Monday welcomed President Rodrigo Duterte's remark that they might suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus to suppress the drug menace in the country.
In a press briefing in Camp Crame, Dela Rosa said the suspension of the privilege would be of great help to the administration's war on drugs as it would make the job of police officers “easier.”
ADVERTISEMENT
“Malaki po. Number 1 it will make our job easier. Number 2 it will provide enough deterrence to the drug violators,” Dela Rosa said when asked about would-be benefits of the suspension to the campaign against illegal drug trade.
Dela Rosa also allayed fears that suspending the privilege would be prone to abuse of power by police officers. The writ requires the state to produce the body of a person in custody. Suspending it would essentially allow warrantless arrests.
“Maabuso? Kahit may suspension ng writ of habeas corpus o wala kung talagang abusado ang pulis gagawa talaga ng kaabusuhan ‘yan,” the police chief said. “Kung siya maka-Diyos, makatao, hindi siya mag-aabuso so I'm giving this assurance to the public.”
“We are here to serve and protect. Magseserbisyo kami nang totoo at hindi kami mang-aabuso. ‘Yan ang aming assurance to the public,” they added.
Article VII, Section 18 of the Constitution allows the President to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus for not more than 60 days “in case of invasion or rebellion, when the public safety requires it.”
Presidential legal adviser Salvador Panelo hinted that an armed uprising could be the grounds for the suspension, saying illegal drugs were being used to fund a “rebellion” in the South.
Malacañang on Monday said Duterte's pronouncement to suspend the privilege of the writ was a “stern warning” to lawless elements and perpetrators of violence, adding that the President might take “more drastic actions” to ensure peace and order in the country if necessary. CBB/rga
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Electronic cigarettes are incredibly popular today, with millions and millions of electronic cigarettes and the necessary e juice being sold each and every single month. Some industry experts believe that electronic cigarettes will completely outpace traditional cigarette sales in about five years, and maybe even sooner if the technology continues to advance as rapidly and as popularly as it already has been.
At the same time, the federal government is really starting to crack down on electronic cigarettes and the e-juice used in these high-tech smoking devices. Manufacturers continue to claim that the products they produce are 100% smoke free and safer than smoking traditional cigarettes, but there are quite a few people that are skeptical about these claim and investigations have been popping up left and right throughout the United States and across the rest of the world, for that matter.
If you have been wondering whether or not electronic cigarettes are safe and if e-juice is poisonous, hopefully we are able to shed a little bit of light on the subject for you going forward. The inside information contained below should help paint a much more accurate picture about these devices and e-juice in particular so that you know exactly what you are getting into.
E-juice itself isn't considered to be poisonous
The e-juice base substances aren't considered to be poisonous in and of themselves, as the major ingredient and they substance in almost all e-juice options is simply propylene glycol or vegetable glycerin – liquids that effortlessly vaporize and provide a suitable vehicle for nicotine and flavors to be introduced into the body.
Both of these materials are considered to be 100% safe for human consumption, and those in the electronic cigarette world as well as those in the government are in complete and total agreement on this point. However, propylene glycol and vegetable glycerin aren't the only compounds found in e-juice.
Nicotine, flavorings, and other additives have proven to be poisonous
While propylene glycol and vegetable glycerin make up 90% of e-juice and do the bulk of the heavy lifting when it comes to vaporization, the other 10% of e-juice is made up of a combination of nicotine substances, flavor additives, and a whole host of other chemical compound and ingredients that are included within each e-juice formulation – and some of these have proven to be positively poisonous and dangerous for short and long-term consumption.
You'll want to research each and every one of the ingredients contained within the e-juice you are thinking about using with your electronic cigarette. Your nicotine levels, the specific flavor additives, and any other chemicals and ingredients included within may be very dangerous for your health going forward.
Le client du Monoprix a dû avoir la frayeur de sa vie. Ce mardi soir vers 21 heures, alors qu'il sortait tranquillement d'un supermarché du 13e arrondissement de Paris, un pack de bière à la main, un homme a été agressé par un individu armé d'un très long couteau, caché sous sa djellaba. La victime a eu le réflexe de se protéger avec son avant-bras pendant qu'un de ses amis prenait l'assaillant à la gorge, le forçant ainsi à reculer de plusieurs mètres.
Sur la vidéo de l'attaque, que Le Point.fr s'est procurée, on voit l'agresseur rester immobile quelques secondes avant de prendre la fuite. Très véhément, l'individu, né en décembre 1996 à Paris, selon une source proche du dossier, n'a pas porté de coup fatal et n'a blessé que légèrement à l'oreille la victime, comme s'il avait retenu son geste.
Rapidement identifié, le suspect n'a pas été interpellé à son domicile, mais chez un de ses proches, ce mercredi matin, dans le nord de la capitale. Les deux hommes ont été placés en garde à vue et leurs appartements ont été perquisitionnés. Selon nos informations, ils ne sont pas fichés S ni même connus pour une quelconque radicalisation. Le parquet antiterroriste ne s'est, à ce stade, pas saisi de l'affaire. Les investigations, menées par le 3e district de police judiciaire (DPJ), vont devoir déterminer le mobile de cette agression, et si oui ou non l'assaillant connaissait la victime.
You lock in the Vayne and Thresh duo, the solo queue heroes. This is your promo to Gold, you're a Thresh one-trick, and you can't help but distrust your fellow laner; after all, it's a low-elo Vayne in solo queue. As you leave the base to make your way to lane, you hear that familiar voiceover line that signals this game is going to be a long one: “Silver of the moon.” Here we go again. Their jungler does a cheesy level-two route and Vayne gives up first blood, as they flash forward to try and last hit an Ezreal with heal available.
The game goes downhill from there. Repeat ganks, four-man dives, the full bot-lane fiesta we all know and love. Meanwhile, your mid-laner is quietly building up a sizeable lead for himself. It's a Zed player, mastery level 7 naturally. While you're happy to see at least one lane win, you can't help but be deeply frustrated with your own performance, never mind Vayne. Zed roams bot after solo-killing mid and picks up a double kill. He's snowballing now, and he's your sole hope of walking away from this match with a “W”.
That double quickly turns into a couple of towers and a dragon—your team is well and truly on the board now. The snowball continues, as Zed manages to pick off priority targets again and again. You stay positive the entire time, and this is key; if you let negative thoughts creep into your mind, this is over. You land a Madlife-tier hook on the enemy carry, and that's game. Zed latches onto the easy kill, while your misfit Vayne pops off, somehow picking up a triple kill. You run it down mid and demolish the enemy base. As the Nexus explodes, your Zed—who's been silent the entire game—simply types in chat “GGWP.”
The Bonds You Break
We've all had games like that, after which we ask ourselves “how did we win?” and “why did that guy not flame me for feeding my ass off?” You move on to your next game, your first as a newly-gilded player, happy with your promotion and in good spirits, ready to make your charge to platinum, and that's because you stayed cool and positive when the odds were stacked against you, allowing your teammate to take you over the line to victory. There's a lot of power in that genuine GG that you likely didn't notice. Winning and losing gracefully is a core attribute in sport, and it's a necessity in League of Legends because it helps set you up for next games.
When we wrap up a game of League we get mentally stuck on the events of the game; it doesn't matter that we got two solo kills in lane, or pulled off the best 1v2 Gold elo has ever seen, if at the end we see the defeat screen. When we're already thinking about the bad stuff that just happened and caused us to lose the game, and when we resort to negative attitudes and unsportsmanlike behaviour, we're not setting ourselves up for success in future games. If you tell your jungler she's shit or curse your bot lane for curing world hunger, you take a negative bias from game to game, meaning you're more likely to tilt and continue to lose.
Those emotions follow you to your next match, and they influence how you play and even approach the game. Maybe you'll simply be less trusting of your duo-queued bot lane, or you sigh with disappointment at a pick that could be considered off-meta. You're already defeated because of your mindset, and that's one way to ensure you'll never climb to whatever tier you consider to be your season objective. To put it simply, you go on tilt.
“When we have a more positive mindset on average,” says BionicNinja, game designer on the Honor initiative. “Then our brains are better able to see things as opportunities, and recover from the inevitable screw ups. No one is perfect!. Also, frustration is a slippery slope leading to giving up more easily, poor decision-making, and an inability to focus on what matters. There's a huge difference in ‘this game is over because these “idiots” can't play' and ‘OK, so this isn't going as well as I'd hoped, but it's at least a chance to practice playing despite a gold deficit.' You can't escape frustration because, believe me, things can get frustrating, but you can change how you react to it over time and in turn you'll be less stressed, more focused, and enjoy the game more.”
Your actions here have consequences that go beyond your own mentality from game to game. Full disclosure here: I personally struggled with keeping my emotions in check when I started playing League. I've been playing for six years now and I matured over time, but it took a toll on some of my friendships. My friends didn't want to play with me when I was too emotional, because it affected their enjoyment of the game as well. I fell out with them multiple times because of this, and it sucked. To be completely honest it was embarrassing.
I created those issues in many ways because I responded emotionally to everything that happened in the game, rather than analysing my mistakes and looking at ways in which I could improve. I couldn't bring myself to say a simple GG to my team and my opponents. Once I changed my mindset I began to enjoy games a whole lot more. To that end, I asked G2's coach Weldon Green about what end-of-game sportsmanship can tell us about ourselves and each other.
“Sportsmanship reveals the character of the player,” says Weldon. “Intent is everything. When a player loses to somebody supposedly worse than them, but they take responsibility for the loss; accept their opponent was (temporarily) better; and know they can focus, grow, and improve; then sportsmanship is a natural response. So next time you end a game and feel too mad at yourself or your opponent to say GGWP, take a look internally and investigate where you are trying to shift the blame. If you can force your intent to match your words when you congratulate them on a good game, you'll be on the right track. And remember, you don't have to enjoy it! You just have to mean it.”
Fear of the Dark
A key requirement for changing your mindset is learning to cope with the trials and tribulations awaiting you, especially important in solo queue where you know nothing about your team or the enemy. Control what you can feasibly control; if your teammate is having a bad game, you can't control that. What you can do is look at your own play, stay focused on your win conditions, don't fill your head with negative thoughts.
Wrestling with the unknown is a skill, and another domain of mastery in League. “A team-based game, with people you don't know, is never going to go perfectly,” says BionicNinja. “Humans are highly unpredictable. If you expect a perfect game or only define success in terms of that, you're going to get frustrated. Embracing the unpredictability means you can instead optimize your skills for these challenges and develop a huge advantage over players who haven't mastered this yet. Tell yourself the game is unpredictable, and that's part of the challenge you love. Start thinking of yourself as a flexible person outside of game, and remind yourself of that when you kick off a new game. It might seem silly at first, but over time that mindset will become a habit and help you become more flexible when it counts.”
GL HF!
QUT 18C Case: Cindy Prior appeal rejected
Cindy Prior wanted to appeal an earlier lower court's dismissal of their bid to sue the students for $250,000.
An attempt by Cindy Prior to restart their racial vilification case against QUT students was dashed today by a Federal Court judge who called for a halt to legal proceedings subjecting the young men to unnecessary misery.
Justice John Dowsett said in Brisbane this afternoon that the lawyers for Ms Prior and for the students must use their knowledge, experience and skills “to bring these legal proceedings to an end”.
They made the call as they delivered their reasons in a 56-page judgment which comprehensively rejected Ms Prior's attempt to run an appeal of an earlier lower court's dismissal of their bid to sue the students for $250,000 over Facebook posts.
Justice Dowsett said the “young people have suffered more from legal proceedings than any other young person would have suffered in a lifetime”.
Justice Dowsett, who also ordered that Ms Prior must pay the students' legal costs, added that they were “very serious about it - this matter has to be brought to an end. It is a great pity that it has not been brought to an end before now”.
The students, Alex Wood, Calum Thwaites, Jackson Powell and a fourth, Chris Lee, who was never located to be served by Ms Prior, had always denied any wrongdoing over Facebook posts in May, 2013.
QUT students Alex Wood, left, and Calum Thwaites. Picture: Joseph Byford
Neither Ms Prior nor their solicitor Ms Susan Moriarty were in court for the delivery of the reasons. Calum Thwaites and the lawyers for the students attended.
Ms Prior had ejected Mr Wood and other students from an indigenous-only computer lab at the Queensland University of Technology's main Brisbane campus on May 28, 2013, prompting a Facebook post about segregation.
Today's decision and costs orders in addition to the costs orders from the earlier court proceedings mean that the total bill facing Ms Prior, who went on stress leave and did not return to their job as an administrative assistant at QUT, will be more than $200,000. They face bankruptcy unless the money can be raised.
Justice Dowsett made thinly veiled criticism of the Human Rights Commission and QUT for not having notified the students of the complaint levelled against them under section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act.
The human rights body's president, Professor Gillian Triggs, has rejected criticism of the commission's failure to notify the students for 14 months that they were named in a formal written complaint.
Justice Dowsett said today: “It seems that Ms Prior's solicitor (Susan Moriarty), QUT and the commission all knew that the (students) had not previously been notified of the proceedings in the commission. To say the least, it is surprising that those parties assumed that it was appropriate to proceed in this way. Although the (students) do not alleged prejudice flowing from the delay …, one cannot but wonder why they were so treated.”
Justice Dowsett said student Jackson Powell's posts, including one in which they wondered ‘where the white supremacist computer lab' was located, were irony.
They said that “to suggest that humour or irony cannot blunt the most outrageous of statements overlooks the history of such devices, and the extremes to which comedians, authors and speakers commonly use them today”.
“No reasonably intelligent person would have understood Mr Powell's posts as other than humour or irony,'' Justice Dowsett found.
Keyword Search: Listings within -- Select -- 5 10 20 50 100 500 1000 5000 miles of
Sort Your Search Sort By Alpha Price (low-high) Price (high-low) Start Date End Date Narrow Your Search Category Search
Go! Search Selected Category Announcements Hunting/Fishing Leases (1) Notices Personal (1) Burial Plots (5) Garage and Estate Sales (1) Merchandise Pianos, Musical Instruments (1) Portable Buildings (1) Sporting Goods (1) Tickets Sports/Entertainment (4) Pets & Livestock Cattle (1) Dogs (17) Real Estate for Rent Dallas Residential Rentals North Dallas (1) Oak Cliff (1) Metroplex Residential Rentals Allen (1) Garland (1) Miscellanous Rentals Rooms for Rent (6) Real Estate for Sale Acreage, Farms and Ranches Acreage Out of Metroplex East (1) Acreage Out of Metroplex West (1) Acreage Out of Texas (1) Farms and Ranches Out of Metroplex West (1) Farms and Ranches Out of Texas (1) Commercial Real Estate Commercial Land (1) Income Producing Property (1) Out of Dallas Commercial (1) Dallas Residential Sales Lake Highlands (1) North Dallas (1) Metroplex Residential Sales Duncanville (1) Plano (1) Miscellanous Sales Real Estate Services (1) Want to Buy (1) Out of Metroplex Sales Out of Metroplex East (2) Services Bathrooms & Kitchens (1) Brick, Stone Services (2) Cleaning Serv Residential (1) Concrete (3) Fencing Repair Services (1) Firewood (2) Handyman Serv (1) Hauling Services (1) Home Repairs (4) House Level Move Foundation (2) Plumbing Septic Drainage (1) Pools Hot Tub (1) Portable Buildings (1) Roofing Repair (3) Tree Service (1) Transportation Recreational Vehicles RVs, Sites, Rentals (2) See All Ads
The New York Cosmos announced on Friday that they have agreed a deal to take Philadelphia Union midfielder Leo Fernandes on loan. As usual with the club, the specifics of the loan agreement were not disclosed.
Fernandes was drafted by the Union in 2013, and has spent the majority of their MLS career as an attacking option from the bench. He's also had two spells in USL Pro during that span, One spell to the Harrisburg City Islanders in each of the past two seasons.
The 23-year old was born in São Paulo, but grew up in New York. They played collegiality at Stony Brook, giving Gio Savarese yet another player in the squad with ties to Long Island.
The Cosmos had some success taking players in need of minutes on loan from MLS sides last season, though the Connor Lade debacle probably left a bad taste in many fans' mouths. Here's hoping Leo Fernandes' spell with the Cosmos more closely resembles those of Jimmy Ockford or Danny Mwanga.
Ethan Nadelmann, the founder and executive director of the Drug Policy Alliance, doesn't think kids and teens are going to start using marijuana more frequently if the drug is fully legalized across the country. The reason is simple: They can already get pot pretty easily.
"There are three national surveys in which young people say it's now easier to buy marijuana today that it is to buy alcohol. In every high school in America, marijuana use is now more or less omnipresent. In the surveys for the last thirty years, 80 percent of young people say it's easy to get marijuana. So I don't think that's the group where it's going to go up. If anything, you're going to take away some of that forbidden fruit attraction to marijuana," they said during a panel discussion at the Aspen Ideas Festival last week.
So who will start using more marijuana if it's fully legalized? Nadelmann, a legalization advocate whose organization was founded to stop the "war on drugs," points to the grandparents of the world. "It's going to be people in their 40s, 50s, 60s, 70s, 80s, and 90s," they said. "It's going to be older people going, 'Damn, it helps with that arthritis, I didn't realize that.' Or, 'It helps me sleep at night,' or 'I actually find I prefer it to having a drink at the end of the night, or 'You know what, I prefer it to the pharmaceuticals my doctor is giving me for my mood or my anxiety.'"
Pro-government militias intercept food, fuel and medicine and use grad rockets and gas weapons against Bani Walid, a man whose family remains in the town told RT. They claim the daily shelling of the town is Misrata militias' attempt to eliminate it.
Several hundreds of Bani Walid natives marched to the seat of the national parliament in Tripoli on Sunday to protest the assault on their home town, which has been continuing for over two weeks. The protesters demanded a peaceful solution to “the tribal war that is happening in the town.” The demonstrators, however, failed to enter the parliament, being dispersed by guards firing rounds into the air.
Pro-government forces and militias besieged the hilltop town of Bani Walid following the death of former rebel Omran Shaban. Shaban is credited for capturing the country's ex-leader, Muammar Gaddafi, in October 2011. The Warfalla tribe controlling Bani Walid has been accused of kidnapping and torturing the former rebel.
Libya's government has been empowered by the congress to use force to arrest those suspected of killing Shaban. Since the rebel was a Misrata native, Misrata militias joined the assault on Bani Walid.
The joint forces have been shelling Bani Walid almost non-stop since early October. At least 26 people died and over 200 more were injured in Saturday clashes alone, according to AFP. Gunfire and sporadic blasts continued into Sunday, and an AFP photographer says they saw hundreds of people were fleeing the besieged town.
Bani Walid commanders accuse the pro-government troops and militias of “shelling the town with long-range weapons and even targeting the hospital.”
One of them, Commander Salem al-Waer, said ­“They are pushing Libya towards civil war. Libya will become a second Somalia. Why are they putting tribes against each other?”
Children killed or mutilated in shelling – reports from besieged city
Several graphic clips published on YouTube claim to show dreadful consequences of the recent shelling in Bani Walid.
Plumes of white and black smoke can be seen rising all over the town and sporadic gunfire can be heard in one of the videos dated Friday. Shells hit civilian buildings. Inside one such house there are patches of blood across what appears to be the living room, while the whole house is strewn with rubble and dust, gaping holes in the walls.
Another video, allegedly from Bani Walid, claims to show victims of shelling. A 13-year-old boy killed in a blast is among them, their arm torn away. The caption reads: “Killed Oct 19 by ‘Misrata gang' bombing.” The camera shifts to another kid – their face and right arm severely burnt, allegedly in the same shelling, and their left foot missing.
A man, who is now in Italy, but whose family is currently in Bani Walid, confirmed to RT the authenticity of the footage and sent more evidence. One of the photos shows the body of a girl under 10 years old, who reportedly died on Saturday following a bombing by Misrata forces.
However, the information could not be independently verified.
‘Bani Walid shelled with grad rockets and gas weapons'
The man who emailed the materials to RT, said in a subsequent interview that the current situation in the besieged town is grave: there are shortages of food, fuel and medicine; the hospital cannot house all the injured and power only appears for a couple of hours a day.
“Misrata's militias want to eliminate us,” the man said on condition of anonymity, citing safety fears. Below is the full script of their interview to RT: “I have got a call from my family. They tell me the situation in Bani Walid is horrible. There is an awful attack with all kind of shooting and bombing everywhere in the city. The civilian buildings are falling down. “The situation in Bani Walid hospital is really bad. We don't have a lot of medicine; we don't have enough places for wounded civilians. Right now the hospital is keeping wounded people outside."
“No family would leave Bani Walid. All the people in Bani Walid say the same words: ‘We'll never go from our land.'
“There are no Gaddafi people [in the city]. Even a member of Libya's National Transitional Council, after visiting Bani Walid, also said there were no Gaddafi people there"
“What is happening there is a battle between [Bani Walid's people] and Misrata, which wants to eliminate Bani Walid from existence. They want to do to Bani Walid what they did in Tahoura."
“There is almost no electricity; it only comes for two-three hours a day. It is three weeks that no food has been able to reach Bani Walid as militias that surround the town are blocking the roads. They intercept food, fuel and medicine. There is no food inside Bani Walid, not even milk for kids, no necessities."
“Two hundred of those militias died yesterday, and the bodies are still there. They even left their wounded people there and Bani Walid hospital is taking care of those wounded people."
“Militias went inside the city, but they only went a few kilometers before getting kicked out. They used machine guns inside; and from outside they used grad rockets and gas weapons."
This photo was emailed to RT by a man whose family remains in Bani Walid.
­“Actually we found gas masks and the hospital's reports very clearly say that civilians in Bani Walid have been bombed with gas."
“Moreover, when we took over the positions the militias of Misrata had been taking before being kicked out, the people of Bani Walid found there gas masks. There are photos and videos of this. It's the proof against those militias that they are using gas against civilians. Why would you be using a gas mask if you go inside Bani Walid using only machine guns and normal rockets?"
“What Bani Walid is doing is self defense. When Bani Walid first fell during the days of the fight for Gaddafi, [militias] took away everything there was in the city: cars, money, gold… Then the people of the town said “It's a fight for freedom, we have to go out”, so they went out and their houses were robbed and destroyed, no one cared."
“Right now the civilians in Bani Walid who are holding guns and fighting, they are fighting for their land which should not be taken from them. They just cannot go away.”
­On October 8, RT received a fax from one of the hospitals in Libya, which claimed that some of the patients suffered from symptoms typical of gas intoxication.
Hospital staff reported that some 26 injured civilians, “healthy individuals” with “no history of heart and lung diseases”, faced difficulties breathing and had increased heart rates, as well as muscle spasms. The patients are also said to have suffered from blurred vision and falling in and out of consciousness.
“They're really bombing. Many are reported to the hospitals because of the gas attacks, and it's happening almost every day. The gas is toxic, and there are some injuries,” Dr. Almahdi Azyadi from Council in Bani Walid confirmed in the phone interview to RT.
The fax which RT received from one of the hospitals in Bani Walid
­
A video screen shot taken from YouTube, sent to RT by a man whose family is currently in besieged Bani Walid. The image is said to show a 13 year old boy who was killed in recent fighting. The footage could not be independently verified.
This photo was sent to RT by a man whose family remains in the besieged Bani Walid. The image could not be independently verified.
­
Libya's government forces and militias hit a residential house in Bani Walid with a missile on October 19, 2012, claims a video uploaded by the user LIBYAxSON (still frame from youtube.com)
Smoke rising over Bani Walid as the Libyan government forces and militias are shelling the town to Tripoli's southwest on October 19, 2012, claims a video uploaded by the user aldardaneltv (still frame from youtube.com)
Libya's pro-government forces besieging Bani Walid hit a target in the town; plumes of black smoke are rising from the blast spot, claims a video uploaded by the user aldardaneltv (still frame from youtube.com)
A residential house in Bani Walid has turned into rubble following shelling by the government's forces on October 19, 2012, claims a video uploaded by the user aldardaneltv (still frame from youtube.com)
Google has built-on its two-factor system to introduce the feature for iOS users through their Gmail app, which will fundamentally enab
Two-factor authentication, arguably the most commercial modern implementation of an enhanced retail security solution, has received a boost toward wider adoption from Google. Two-factor authentication is crucial to every single online account, including primary and work email accounts. They've also been put to use by major websites including the likes of Amazon, Reddit and more.
Google, incidentally, has among the best, most-efficient and secure two-factor systems with its “device prompts” system wherein users are sent a push notification on their Android devices or via the Google app on iOS. Now, Google has made the feature even more accessible and convenient for iOS users by enabling the service through its tremendously popular Gmail app.
“This should encourage more people to use Google prompt, which is an easier and more secure method of authenticating an account,” Google said in an announcement.
Users will now be able to authorize access directly from the Gmail app. In essence, Google will send a push notification to the user's iOS phone he/she, or anyone else, attempts to authorize their Google account through a new device or browser. Clicking on ‘OK' via the prompt will authorize a login.
While clearly the straightforward and the most convenient option, Google users will still have access to authentication options including a secondary email, the Authenticator app, text messages and more.
To enable two-factor authentication in Google, here are the steps:
Go to the 2-Step Verification page. You might have to sign in to your Google Account. Select Get started. Follow the step-by-step setup process.
Image credit: Pexels.
The cost of electricity for most Houston consumers is going up by another $1.7 billion.
This time, the price hike for customers in the competitive market comes from one of the most arcane and long-forgotten aspects of deregulation.
Known as stranded costs, they represent the investment that the old monopoly utilities made in things such a nuclear power plants before deregulation. Back then, utilities could recover these costs through higher rates. With deregulation came a big battle over who should have to pay them.
The answer, of course, was you. Some of these charges are already factored in to the transmission charges collected by your retail electric provider on behalf of CenterPoint Energy. CenterPoint, though, doesn't sell electricity. It runs the transmission grid for most of the greater Houston area. No matter what company you buy your electricity from, you pay these transmission charges.
More money, please
Back in 2004, the Public Utility Commission allowed CenterPoint to recover $2.3 billion in stranded costs. That resulted in a $5.10 monthly charge on your bill. But CenterPoint felt it was entitled to another $2 billion or so, and it appealed the decision even as it began collecting the first batch of money.
Stranded costs are actually a billion-dollar joke on consumers. CenterPoint sold the generating plants that had been owned by Houston Lighting & Power in 2004 for $3.7 billion to a group led by billionaire investor David Bonderman. A year later, Bonderman sold the same plants to NRG Energy for $5.8 billion.
Note the price difference. The low-ball offer with which Bonderman snookered CenterPoint and the actual market price for which they sold the plants is about $2 billion – the same amount as the additional stranded costs CenterPoint wanted to recover.
Covering the discount
After seven years of legal wrangling that went all the way to the state Supreme Court, CenterPoint has essentially been reimbursed for the discount it gave to Bonderman and their buyout buddies.
Turns out the costs weren't stranded at all. CenterPoint left them on the table, and they wound up in a billionaire's pocket. Don't blame Bondo for this boondoogle, though. They simply exploited a flawed system.
A last-minute settlement, negotiated last week, cut consumers' cost to $1.7 billion, according to a filing CenterPoint made with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
That works out to another $2.20 a month on your bill for the next 14 years.
If you're keeping count of these transmission charges, you might also want to add in the $3.24 a month that CenterPoint tacks on for the rollout of smart meters.
A key part left out
One of the costly ironies of deregulation is that it failed to bring market innovation to the one component of the electricity market where it was desperately needed: transmission.
Transmission companies like CenterPoint remain regulated, which means consumers wind up paying now in hopes that innovations such as smart meters will enable retailers to offer them better savings in the future.
Any benefit, though, is overshadowed by the higher rates consumers have paid during the past decade of the deregulation debacle.
While $2.20 a month may not seem like a lot, consumers are tired of seeing their bills go up despite promises that deregulation would make them go down.
High, and going higher
Houston-area electricity customers already have some of the highest rates in the country thanks to the poorly structured and poorly named “free market” system.
Now they will get to pay even more because part of that system remains regulated, just not very well.
By Kye Mou June 20th, 2012
As keyword lists expand, they sometimes out-grow the groups that were initially created to contain them. For example, a group may have started out with a single keyword, “running shoes”. However, after some time and a little keyword expansion, that same group now contains the keywords “running shoes”, “womens running shoes”, “jogging shoes” and “black running shoes”, among others. The original creative that were generated to match “running shoes” queries are now less relevant to the newly expanded keywords. As a result, the overall click-through rate (CTR) of this group has declined. This decline in group CTR, as keyword count increases, leads to a useful metric that should be considered when optimizing creative: keywords per group.
Groups with a higher number of keywords often have lower CTRs and lower Quality Scores than groups with a concise and focused set of keywords. This is because the creative within densely populated groups can only leverage a subset of its keyword's tokens for maintaining relevance. In our example above, the creative leveraged the token “running” rather than “jogging” to maintain relevance to “running shoes” queries.
To identify and prioritize groups for creative optimization, generate a data table containing the number of keywords, CTR and cost of each group in the account.
Then create a bubble chart to plot the relationship between the three metrics.
Take note of the larger circles in the lower right hand corner of the bubble chart. These groups should be prioritized for optimization. Locate and break out less relevant keywords within these groups into new groups that contain more relevant creative. In our example, “jogging shoes” should be split out into a Jogging Shoes group with creative that utilize the term “jogging” rather than “running”. Executing on these best practices will lead to improvements in CTR and Quality Score.
Keep in mind that Quality Score will reset for the keywords that are split out into new groups. Allow an initial burn-in period for these new keywords to establish their own Quality Score before evaluating performance. As a best practice, check the status of each keyword and ensure that its bid is set above the first page minimum. Give these bids an initial boost to increase ad position. A higher ad position promotes a higher CTR, which remains a significant factor in improving Quality Score.
To help generate the data table and bubble chart above, Marin users can leverage the Active Keywords metric under the Advanced group column category. Be sure to tag the split keywords and affected groups with Dimensions to monitor performance. Finally, don't forget to optimize the newly created groups; setting appropriate keyword bids, generating relevant creative and researching negative keywords are just a few strategies to in mind.
Respondeat Superior
[Latin, Let the master answer.] A common-law doctrine that makes an employer liable for the actions of an employee when the actions take place within the scope of employment.
The common-law doctrine of respondeat superior was established in seventeenth-century England to define the legal liability of an employer for the actions of an employee. The doctrine was adopted in the United States and has been a fixture of agency law. It provides a better chance for an injured party to actually recover damages, because under respondeat superior the employer is liable for the injuries caused by an employee who is working within the scope of their employment relationship.The legal relationship between an employer and an employee is called agency. The employer is called the principal when engaging someone to act for him. The person who does the work for the employer is called the agent. The theory behind respondeat superior is that the principal controls the agent's behavior and must then assume some responsibility for the agent's actions.
An employee is an agent for their employer to the extent that the employee is authorized to act for the employer and is partially entrusted with the employer's business. The employer controls, or has a right to control, the time, place, and method of doing work. When the facts show that an employer-employee (principal-agent) relationship exists, the employer can be held responsible for the injuries caused by the employee in the course of employment.
In general, employee conduct that bears some relationship to the work will usually be considered within the scope of employment. The question whether an employee was acting within the scope of employment at the time of the event depends on the particular facts of the case. A court may consider the employee's job description or assigned duties, the time, place, and purpose of the employee's act, the extent to which the employee's actions conformed to what they were hired to do, and whether such an occurrence could reasonably have been expected.
When Is an Employee on the Job?
The crucial question in a respondeat superior claim is whether the employee was acting within the scope of employment: Was the employee involved in some activity related to the job? In 1991 the Supreme Court of Virginia decided a case, Sayles v. Piccadilly Cafeterias, Inc.,242 Va. 328, 410 S.E.2d 632, that illustrates how difficult answering this question can sometimes be.
The case began with a Christmas Eve accident in 1987. Charles Sayles was a passenger in an automobile hit by another car, driven by Stephen Belcastro. Both men were leaving the Christmas party held on the premises of their company, Piccadilly Cafeterias, Inc, of Richmond, Virginia. Belcastro had become intoxicated at the party and, later, explained that they were "fooling around" when they drove their car into the left-hand lane of the road, lost control, and struck the other car, injuring Sayles.
Because Belcastro was intoxicated as a result of having drinks provided by their employer at a company-sponsored event, Sayles sued Piccadilly under the doctrine of respondeat superior. The jury returned a verdict in Sayles's favor and awarded them damages of $11.5 million. The trial court set aside the judgment, however, ruling that Belcastro had been acting outside the scope of their employment when the accident occurred.
On appeal, Sayles cited a Virginia appellate case, Kim v. Sportswear, 10 Va. App. 460, 393 S.E.2d (1990), from the previous year. Kimwas a Workers' Compensation case whose facts were similar: it involved an employee fatally injured while attending a Korean New Year's party sponsored and hosted by the employer. The appellate court had allowed recovery of damages against the employer.
The Supreme Court of Virginia declined to follow Kim, however. The court noted first that Kim was a workers' compensation case, governed by a statute that is to be "liberally construed in favor of the claimant." The court also made several factual distinctions: employees were expected to attend the party in the Kim case, whereas the party in Sayles did not carry such expectations. Further, the injury in Kimtook place on the employer's premises, in contrast to Sayles, where the collision did not occur until five minutes after the drivers had left the party. Based on these facts, the Saylescourt held that Belcastro was not engaged in the business of serving their employer at the time of the accident and therefore the employer could not be held liable.
An employee is not necessarily acting outside the scope of employment merely because they do something that they should not do. An employer cannot disclaim liability simply by showing that the employee had been directed not to do what they did. A forbidden act is within the scope of employment for purposes of respondeat superior if it is necessary to accomplish an assigned task or if it might reasonably be expected that an employee would perform it.
Relatively minor deviations from the acts necessary to do assigned work usually will not be outside the scope of employment. Personal acts such as visiting the bathroom, smoking, or getting a cup of coffee are ordinarily within the scope of employment, even though they do not directly entail work. When an employee substantially departs from the work routine by engaging in a frolic—an activity solely for the employee's benefit—the employee is not acting within the scope of them employment.
An employer is liable for harm done by the employee within the scope of employment, whether the act was accidental or reckless. The employer is even responsible for intentional wrongs if they are committed, at least in part, on the employer's behalf. For example, a bill collector who commits Assault and Battery to extract an overdue payment subjects the employer to legal liability.
Where the employer is someone who legally owes a duty of special care and protection, such as a common carrier (airplane, bus, passenger train), motel owner, or a hospital, the employer is usually liable to the customer or patient even if the employee acts for purely personal reasons. The theory underlying such liability is that employers should not hire dangerous people and expose the public to a risk while the employee is under the employer's supervision.
The employer may also be liable for their own actions, such as in hiring a diagnosed psychopath to be an armed guard. An employer, therefore, can be liable for their own carelessness and as a principal whose employee is an agent.
These rules do not allow the employee to evade responsibility for harm they have caused. Injured parties generally sue both the employee and employer, but because the employee usually is unable to afford to pay the amount of damages awarded in a lawsuit, the employer is the party who is more likely to pay.
Further readings
Davant, Charles, IV. 2002. "Employer Liability for Employee Fraud: Apparent Authority or Respondeat Superior?" South Dakota Law Review 47 (fall): 554–582.
Kleinberger, Daniel S. 2002. "Respondeat Superior Run Amok." Bench & Bar of Minnesota 59 (November): 16.
Cross-references
Employment Law.
From 2002 through early last year, the Pentagon conducted 11 flight tests of the nation's homeland missile defense system.
In the carefully scripted exercises, interceptors of the Ground-based Midcourse Defense system, or GMD, were launched from underground silos to pursue mock enemy warheads high above the Pacific.
ADVERTISEMENT
The interceptors failed to destroy their targets in six of the 11 tests — a record that has prompted independent experts to conclude the system cannot be relied on to foil a nuclear strike by North Korea or Iran.
Yet over that same timespan, Boeing Co., the Pentagon's prime contractor for GMD, collected nearly $2 billion in performance bonuses for a job well-done, the Los Angeles Times has learned.
The Pentagon paid Boeing more than $21 billion total for managing the system during that period.
A Times investigation also found that the criteria for the yearly bonuses were changed at some point to de-emphasize the importance of test results that demonstrate the system's ability to intercept and destroy incoming warheads.
Early on, Boeing's contract specified that bonuses would be based primarily on “hit to kill success” in flight tests. In later years, the words “hit to kill” were removed in favor of more generally phrased benchmarks, contract documents show.
L. David Montague, co-chair of a National Academy of Sciences panel that documented shortcomings with GMD, called the $2 billion in bonuses “mind-boggling,” given the system's performance.
Montague, a former president of missile systems for Lockheed Corp., said the bonuses suggest that the Missile Defense Agency, the arm of the Pentagon that oversees GMD, is a “rogue organization” in need of strict supervision.
The cumulative total of bonuses paid to Boeing has not been made public before. The Times obtained details about the payments through a lawsuit it filed against the Defense Department under the Freedom of Information Act.
The newspaper also reviewed Boeing-related contract documents obtained independently of the lawsuit.
A spokesperson for the missile agency, Chris Johnson, said that despite the GMD system's record in flight tests, Boeing had “earned” its bonuses “based on the criteria specified in the contract.” They said the payments “complied with all appropriate acquisition regulations.”
“These types of contracts allow regular and consistent evaluation by the government, and fees are paid only when companies meet clearly defined targets,” Johnson said in an emailed statement.
A spokesperson for Boeing, Dexter Q. Henson, referred questions about the bonuses to the missile agency while defending the company's work on GMD.
Boeing “has met contractual requirements and a variety of incentives across a wide range of program objectives,” Henson said by email.
“As the lead contractor, we have partnered with the Missile Defense Agency in the development and operation of the only homeland defense system that can defeat long range missile attacks,” they said.
The GMD system, which became operational in 2004, is intended to thwart a “limited” nuclear strike by a non-superpower. It has cost taxpayers more than $40 billion to date.
In the event of an attack, interceptors at Vandenberg Air Force Base in Santa Barbara County and Ft. Greely, Alaska, would burst from their silos and begin a fiery ascent toward the upper atmosphere.
The interceptors are multi-stage rockets, each with a 5-foot-long “kill vehicle” at its tip. The kill vehicle is designed to separate from its rocket in space, fly independently at 4 miles per second and crash into an enemy warhead.
GMD's roots go back to the Clinton administration, when concern began to mount over the spread of ballistic missile technology. In 2002, President George W. Bush ordered “an initial set of missile defense capabilities” to be put in place within two years.
To accelerate deployment, then-Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld exempted the missile agency from the Pentagon's standard procurement rules and testing standards.
The Pentagon's own Operational Test and Evaluation office has documented serious deficiencies in the system. So have other government agencies and independent experts.
In a report in February, the Government Accountability Office, a nonpartisan investigative arm of Congress, said the system's performance in tests has been “insufficient to demonstrate that an operationally useful defense capability exists.”
The test failures are unsettling given that the exercises are meticulously orchestrated. Personnel operating the GMD system know ahead of time approximately when the targets will be launched and from where, as well their expected speed and trajectory — information they would not have in an actual attack.
Given the system's weaknesses, four or five interceptors would have to be launched for each incoming enemy warhead, according to current and former officials familiar with the missile agency's projections.
As a result, the system's arsenal of 30 operational interceptors — four at Vandenberg and 26 at Ft. Greely — could be quickly depleted by an attack with multiple missiles.
A study by three physicists with expertise in missile defense, released in July by the Union of Concerned Scientists, concluded that “the GMD system is simply unable to protect the U.S. public.”
The Times asked the Missile Defense Agency in March 2014 for information on bonuses paid to GMD contractors. Boeing objected to release of the data, and the agency denied the newspaper's request, saying disclosure might reveal “trade secrets and commercial or financial data.”
The Times then sued in federal court last year, asserting that the public had a right to know about the payments. The government's lawyers later agreed to release the information if Boeing would not intervene in the litigation “or otherwise take steps to prevent disclosure.”
Boeing eventually acquiesced, and the Defense Department settled the suit with a single-page letter listing the sum total of bonuses paid to Boeing from Dec. 31, 2001, to March 1, 2015.
The figure: $1,959,072,946.
The government also agreed to pay $15,000 to cover The Times' legal costs.
The missile agency's chief of staff, David P. Bagnati, made the initial decision to withhold the bonus data, according to a 2014 email from the Pentagon's Freedom of Information office.
Johnson, the agency spokesperson, said this week that Bagnati “made the determination on the advice of agency legal counsel” and would have no further comment.
Boeing holds two contracts to manage GMD. Under their terms, the company is reimbursed for its direct costs in overseeing the system and for some of its indirect costs, such as executive salaries and other overhead.
The bonuses come on top of that and can account for all or a significant part of a contractor's profit.
One of Boeing's GMD contracts also provides a 3% base fee, independent of any bonuses, for some aspects of the work, according to the missile agency.
Under the contracts, bonuses are awarded annually and can be up to 100% of specified pools of money.
The Defense Department letter that settled The Times' lawsuit said the Boeing bonuses fell into three categories. Ninety-five percent of the total sum was designated as “award fees.” The rest was described as “incentive cost” fees and “incentive performance” fees.
The precise criteria for bonuses could not be obtained for each of the relevant years. However, documents on file with the Defense and Treasury departments show that the missile agency at some point altered a central criterion.
At issue was what would make a flight test count as successful for bonus purposes. Boeing's prime contract dated Jan. 1, 2001, states that “the primary performance criteria” were whether the interceptor destroyed its target during the test — an outcome described as “HTK success.” (HTK is short for “hit to kill.”)
The maximum “award fee” for a given year was 15% of the contract value. During the first phase of the contract, up to 60% of the award fee pool was based on “HTK success criteria.”
Later contract documents, dated August 2011, list various bonus criteria related to preparing for and carrying out the next scheduled flight test. Successful “mission execution” was worth 30% of the award fee pool. But actually destroying the target — “hit to kill” —was no longer specified.
Asked for an explanation, Johnson, the agency spokesperson, said:
“In recent contract terms, the words ‘hit-to-kill' have been changed to support the more detailed documented objectives of each respective flight test. For intercept flight tests conducted under the current design and sustainment contract, a successful intercept remains a key performance objective.”
In 2010, the missile agency granted Boeing a contract extension worth more than $1 billion.
The Defense Department's inspector general later raised questions about the extension — including bonus payments — saying that agency officials lost an opportunity to save millions of dollars by failing to wait for an audit they had requested.
The controversy centered on the GMD “Core Completion” contract. (The inspector general's report, released in 2014, did not name Boeing, but other records show that the company held this contract.)
According to the report, the missile agency asked the Defense Contract Audit Agency to scrutinize the contractor's proposed costs and other terms. The audit was due Feb. 15, 2010, but the auditors asked for an additional month, the report said.
Yet the missile agency signed the contract extension March 10, 2010 — five days before the auditors were to deliver their findings.
The inspector general concluded that if agency officials had waited to see the audit, they “could have negotiated a significantly lower contract value and saved the government millions of dollars in reduced fees” — a reference to bonuses, which are based on the total contract value.
Johnson said officials chose not to wait “because we had sufficient data to reach a determination of a fair and reasonable price for the contract.”
They added that their agency “has incorporated several substantial changes to our procedures” to make better use of future audits.
The missile agency and its lead contractors have sought to put a positive spin on the system's performance. This year, after a flight test on Jan. 28, the agency and several contractors, including Boeing, issued news releases declaring the test a success.
In fact, as The Times reported July 6, a thruster stopped working during the exercise, causing the kill vehicle to fly far off its intended course.
The thrusters, which help steer the kill vehicle, have a history of performance problems. In the Jan. 28 exercise, a kill vehicle equipped with a new thruster model was supposed to make a close fly-by of a target.
None of the press releases acknowledged the malfunction — nor did the missile agency's director, Vice Adm. James D. Syring, in three subsequent appearances before congressional panels.
Neither Syring nor the contractors have said publicly why they stayed silent.
Whatever their rationale, by characterizing the test as a success, the agency and the contractors may have bolstered the prospects for performance bonuses, according to missile defense specialists.
Boeing, in its most recent annual report, underscored the significance of GMD to its finances. The company could face “reduced fees, lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise,” the report said.
Timothy Sullivan, a former federal contracting officer who examined GMD financial documents at the request of The Times, said the bonus provisions were extraordinarily complex.
“How you administrate something like this is mind-boggling to me.… It is an administrative nightmare,'' said Sullivan, an attorney who represents defense companies and other government contractors in Washington for the law firm Thompson Coburn LLP.
Montague, the former Lockheed Corp. executive, said the intricate bonus system reflected the missile agency's lack of rigor in engineering and contracting. If the goals for managing GMD had been adequately defined at the beginning and spelled out in contracts, there would be little need for lucrative incentives, they said.
By relying on bonuses, Montague said, the missile agency has effectively told Boeing: “We don't know what we're doing, but we'll decide it together and then you've got to work toward maximizing your fee by concentrating on those areas.”
Contact the reporter. Follow David Willman on Twitter @dwillmannews
A number of House Republicans — including the Ways and Means chairperson — could not even name the new tax brackets in their own bill.
Now that the House has passed the GOP tax scam — with only 12 Republicans voting against it and zero Democrats supporting it — and it is heading to the Senate Tuesday night for a final vote, it is worth considering how shockingly little Republicans know about their own bill.
Nothing better exemplifies this than the struggle by Huffington Post congressional reporter Matt Fuller to find a single House Republican who could even name the new individual income tax brackets in the bill they were voting on:
Republicans who couldnt name the tax brackets: Kevin Brady
Diane Black
Roger Williams
Tom McClintock
David McKinley
Kevin Cramer
Mike Gallagher
Bradley Byrne
Lynn Jenkins
Bill Johnson
Chris Collins
Jeff Denham
Chuck Fleischmann
Jackie Walorski
Billy Long
Ralph Abraham
Trey Gowdy — Matt Fuller (@MEPFuller) December 19, 2017
It is inexcusable for any of these Republicans to not know something so completely basic about their own bill. But perhaps the most shocking name on that list is Rep. Kevin Brady.
Brady, who represents the suburbs north of Houston, Texas, is the chairperson of the House Ways and Means Committee and the Joint Committee on Taxation. They led the efforts to write the House version of the bill, and chaired the conference committee to reconcile the House and Senate versions of the legislation.
And apparently even they did not read the bill.
Throughout this process, Republicans have acted like they had only the most marginal relationship with the drafting of their own bill. In the first Senate vote, most of their caucus didn't even get to read it until hours beforehand. This is how that version ended up with spectacular math mistakes, including one that would have set all corporate tax deductions to zero.
Some Republicans already anticipate so many problems with this tax bill that they are advocating a second bill to fix the problems — but notably, are not considering actually slowing down and rewriting the one they already have.
The GOP approach to governing could not be summed up more clearly than by the fact that most of their members of congress, including the chairperson who wrote it, do not understand it.
And if they do not understand it, there is no chance that the middle class will reap anything but disaster from it.
Dive Brief:
A joint House-Senate committee in Hawaii agreed in a compromise on House Bill 623 to set 2045 as the target year for obtaining 100% of the state's electricity from renewables. The Senate had wanted 2050 and the House had wanted 2040.
The bill will now return to the Senate and the House. If approved by both bodies, the bill will then be sent to the governor's office for their signature.
Dive Insight:
A 100% renewables mandate would be the most ambitious by far in the U.S.
Hawaii obtained approximately 18% of its electricity from renewables in 2013, but has ambitious plans to grow that number. Hawaiian Electric Co. (HECO), the state's dominant electricity supplier, filed a plan last summer with state regulators proposing to obtain 65% of its electricity from renewables by 2030.
Setting a target year was essential to the 2014 Hawaii Public Utilities Commission (PUC) request for the Legislature to review the state's current 40% renewables by 2030 mandate.
Many Hawaiians believe 2015 is crucial to setting state goals because the $4.3 billion purchase of HECO by NextEra Energy will likely be approved by the end of the year and the Florida-based company will have more input on policy targets like the renewables mandate.
HECO's 2030 mandate includes nearly tripling customer-owned DG to over 900 megawatts, “large amounts” of new utility-scale solar, “modest amounts” of new utility-scale wind, “aggressively” expanded demand response, and deactivation of all existing oil-fired generators in favor of natural gas and biomass.
It also includes plans for “significant” new energy storage, including additions of 300 megawatts of energy storage on O‘ahu by 2030, 42 megawatts of battery storage on Maui, 10 megawatts each on Moloka‘i and Lana‘I, and 25 megawatts on Hawai‘i Island.
The proposed Hawaii Island Energy Cooperative (HIEC) filed as an intervener in the PUC docket on the proposed NextEra acquisition of HECO and is expected to object.
Participants
All methods were carried out in accordance with the approved guidelines from the Wake Forest University Medical Center Institutional Review Board. Participants were recruited by flyer and word of mouth and signed Informed Consent documents and experimental protocols approved by the Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center Institutional Review Board. We recruited 21 young adults (average age 24 ± 3.4 yrs; 13 female) based on their most preferred musical genre: classical (n = 5), country (n = 5), rap/hip hop (n = 5), and rock music (n = 6). The genre-ranking of the 11 genres before enrollment in the study was used to ensure we did not bias the study toward participants who only liked a certain genre. All participants were right-handed, English speaking, color-sighted, had normal hearing and were free from neurological disorders. Prior to scanning, participants completed a comprehensive questionnaire about formal musical training and a genre preference ranking of a total of eleven music genres (classical, country, gospel/blues, rap/hip hop, alternative, rock, Christian, folk, pop, metal, Broadway, jazz, classic rock). Prior to the scanning session, participants were asked to self-report a title of their most favorite song. Participants were instructed that their favorite song did not need to be specifically from their preferred music listening genre, merely that it was their favorite song. Participants provided the title of their favorite song to the experimenter prior to the scanning session. The favorite song was intentionally requested in order to analyze the functional brain connectivity responses separately from their preferred and non-preferred music.
The rationale for choosing to differentiate between overall preferred music and a favorite song was to determine if brain network responses might differ between the two. To clarify further, preferred music is a more broadly experienced musical listening phenomenon that can be envisioned as a preferred music listening overall experience, such as through on-line preferential music listening application streams such as Pandora or Groove Shark. On the other hand, and often in contradiction to one's overall musical listening preferences, an individual's all-time favorite song may not coincide with an individual's preferred genre. Indeed, in this study, there were many of our participants who reported a favorite song that was outside of their most preferred music listening genre. For example, one of our participant's preferred music was classical music but their self-reported favorite song was a country song by Garth Brooks, a country music singer and artist. Each participant's favorite song title and any other recording specifics, such as the specific artist, conductor and/or year of performance, was provided to the experimenter prior to the participant's scanning session. Ten subjects reported having formal musical training. Eight had completed, or were in the process of completing, a university music degree. Eleven reported that they could read music fluently. For the favorite song, participants were simply to self-report and provide a title to their favorite song by being asked, “I want the name of your favorite song, the one that, ‘Rocks your world', ‘Floats your boat', and ‘You love this song'”. Further details, including the pre-reported favorite songs, are contained in the Supporting Information.
Stimuli
Six musical selections, hereafter referred to as songs, were presented pseudo-randomly to each participant in the MRI scanner while blood oxygen level dependent (BOLD) functional MRI (fMRI) data were collected. The six songs, each five minutes long, included four pre-selected songs considered iconic within each musical genre, an unfamiliar selection, and a sixth personal favorite song. The five songs presented to every subject were Movement I from Symphony No. 5 by Beethoven (classical genre), “Water” by Brad Paisley (country genre), “OMG” by Usher (rap/hip hop genre), “Rock ‘N Roll All Nite” by KISS (rock genre), and “Spring Hall” by the Chinese Jinna Opera Band (unfamiliar genre). Favorite songs ranged from Rhinna & Eminem to Rachmaninov (for the list of favorite songs see Supporting Information).
Scanning Procedures
Prior to the scan session, participants were trained to use a Visual Analog Scale (VAS) to rate how much they liked/disliked each song selection. With this procedure, we were able to measure subjective preference across participants54. During the scanning procedure each participant listened to six musical selections. Each selection was presented as a continuous audio clip of five minutes with no interruptions. The music genre clips included rock, rap, classical, country, an unfamiliar piece, and their pre-reported favorite song. Before the onset of imaging and with the scanner on, participants had their headphones tested and the music volume adjusted. Prior to presentation of the musical selections, a five minute eyes-closed at-rest scan was acquired. During the entire musical portion of the scanning procedure, all participants had their eyes closed. Unbeknownst to the participants, songs were played for each participant in a randomized order based on an overarching scheme by genre preference from a pre-study music genre preference questionnaire. However, because the music preference questionnaire included rating scale choices of a total of eleven (11) genres, the 4 genre songs appeared as randomly presented to the participants. Each participant provided the title of their self-determined favorite song that was presented last. Participants rated their preference for each song from 1–10 using the visual analog scale (VAS) when each selection ended and before the next song was presented. The highest VAS score report was used to determine their top preferred music during the scanning session. The lowest VAS score was used to determine their least preferred music during the session. The favorite song, the title of which was provided by each participant to the experimenter during the screening session, was presented last. See Supporting Information for a discussion of possible ordering effects associated with the song presentation order.
MR scans were performed on a 1.5 T GE twin-speed LX scanner with birdcage 12-channel head coil (GE Medical Systems, Milwaukee, WI). For blood oxygenation level–dependent (BOLD) contrast, T2*- weighted functional images were acquired using a single-shot, gradient-recalled, echo-planar imaging sequence: TR/TE = 2000/40 ms, voxel size 3.75 × 3.75 × 5 mm3. To allow for all songs to be played in their entirety, songs were edited for a total continuous playing time of five minutes. 150 brain volumes were collected per MRI run, and the first 6 volumes were not included in the network analyses, as this was the time during which the BOLD signal achieved steady-state.
Network Generation and Analysis
Network generation and analysis was performed using the fMRI time series data from each subject with eyes closed. Acquired images were motion corrected, spatially normalized to the MNI (Montreal Neurological Institute) space, and re-sliced to 4 × 4 × 5 mm3 voxel size with an in-house processing script using FSL package (FMRIB-University of Oxford). Imaging data was filtered (0.00945-0.084 Hz) and head motion (6 rigid-body transformation parameters) and mean signal (whole-brain, white matter, and ventricles) were regressed from the data to limit effects due to physiological noise55,56,57. Networks were then generated using a Pearson correlation with each voxel (~21,000) representing a network node. This produced a cross-correlation matrix containing the Pearson correlation coefficient representing the strength of association between each voxel pair.
The correlation matrix was then thresholded to generate a sparse network in keeping with other biological networks58. The threshold was based on a relationship between the number of nodes and the average node degree (K). This procedure ensured that comparisons across subjects were based on networks with comparable densities. Details of the thresholding procedure and the rationale for the chosen threshold are presented in the Supporting Information. Briefly, the threshold is based on S = log(N)/log(K). For the data presented here, a threshold of S = 2.5 was applied to the matrix, resulting in the binary adjacency matrix (A ij ). Once the complete adjacency matrix was generated for each subject, network statistics were calculated. The network statistics for each node were mapped back into 3D brain space to identify the spatial location of key network nodes and network communities. Networks were generated for each participant using the fMRI time series from each subject's six musical experiences. Results presented here are from the participants' favorite song and the highest and lowest rated songs from the five experimenter-selected genres. Therefore, we conducted three separate network calculations based on most and least preferred songs of the iconic music selections and one for their personal favorite song.
Network Properties
The analyses focused on four network properties: degree, global efficiency, local efficiency, and community structure. Degree (K) is the number of edges or functional links for an individual node. Global efficiency (Eglob) is a measure of the distance (in network space) from a given node to every other node in the network59. Eglob is calculated as the average of the inverse of the shortest paths between node i and all other nodes in the network. This property is scaled ranging from 0 (indicating no path between nodes) to 1 (direct connection between nodes). Disparate regions of the brain can have high global efficiency if the path length for nodal communication is sufficiently short. Local efficiency (Eloc) is a measure of local neighborhood connectivity. Eloc is calculated by computing the global efficiency of a sub-graph of node i. In other words it measures the distance between all the neighbors of node i. This statistic also ranges between 0–1, with larger values indicating that the neighbors of a particular node are highly connected to each other. A detailed description of the properties calculated in this study may be found in multiple review articles20,21,55. Once network statistics were calculated, we evaluated the location within the brain of the nodes with the highest statistics. Visual depictions of network maps in brain space focused on “network hubs” heuristically defined as the top 20% of the nodes for each of the network statistics. Statistical analyses were performed by comparing the actual network statistics, with no arbitrary threshold, within specific regions-of-interest (ROIs) located in the precuneus and in the auditory cortex. The precuneus ROI was a 12 mm sphere centered at 0, -54, 34 in MNI space. The auditory ROI consisted of bilateral boxes (16 mm × 16 mm × 10 mm) centered at 54, -12, 2 and -52, -12, 2 in MNI space.
Community Structure
Community structure is a multivariate analysis that identifies collections of network nodes that are more interconnected with each other than they are with other network communities. The analysis used was based on modularity (Q) introduced by Newman and Girvan60. Details of the community structure analyses are presented in the Supporting Information. Briefly, hierarchical network partitioning was performed using the algorithm called QCut developed by Ruan and Zhang61. The optimal partition was identified using Q and was the basis of all further analyses. Due to the multivariate nature of community structure, it is not possible to simply identify a representative module for a group of individuals. However, scaled inclusivity (SI) is a statistic that can be used to determine the consistency of a given network community across individuals62. This analysis was used to evaluate the consistency of the community encompassing the precuneus and the community encompassing the auditory cortex under the three conditions (for detailed information see Supporting Information).
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin is a popular but polarizing figure who has dominated Russian politics for more than a decade. Click through to see images of their life and career. Hide Caption 1 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin, bottom, wrestles with a classmate in St. Petersburg, Russia, in 1971. Hide Caption 2 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin poses with their parents, Vladimir and Maria, in 1985. Hide Caption 3 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin From 1991 to 1994, Putin served as the chairperson of the Foreign Relations Committee of the City Council in St. Petersburg. Before becoming involved in politics, they served in the KGB, a Soviet-era spy agency, as an intelligence officer. Hide Caption 4 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Russian President Boris Yeltsin, right, shakes hands with Putin during a farewell ceremony at the Kremlin in Moscow in December 1999. Putin rose quickly through the political ranks, becoming the second democratically elected president of the Russian Federation in 2000. Hide Caption 5 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin President-elect Putin watches the tactical exercises of Russia's Northern Fleet in the Barentsevo Sea in April 2000. Hide Caption 6 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin takes the presidential oath next to Yeltsin in May 2000. Hide Caption 7 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin dances with a young girl in Kazan, Russia, while taking part in mid-summer festivities in June 2000. Hide Caption 8 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin and U.S. President Bill Clinton talk in Moscow in June 2000. Hide Caption 9 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin meets Pope John Paul II in Rome in June 2000. Hide Caption 10 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin speaks to their wife, Lyudmila, as they pose in front of the Taj Mahal in India in October 2000. Hide Caption 11 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin shakes hands with famous Russian gymnasts Alina Kabayeva, center, and Svetlana Khorkina in March 2004. Hide Caption 12 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin attends an inauguration ceremony for President-elect Dmitry Medvedev in May 2008. Putin was constitutionally obliged to stand down as President, but they stayed close to power, becoming Prime Minister. Hide Caption 13 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin This image, supplied by Time magazine, shows Putin on the cover after being named the magazine's 2007 "Person of the Year." Hide Caption 14 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin skis in Krasnaya Polyana, Russia, in February 2008. Hide Caption 15 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin shakes hands with Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi in November 2008. Hide Caption 16 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin vacations outside the town of Kyzyl in Southern Siberia in 2009. Over the years they have earned a reputation as a "strongman," declaring a crackdown on Chechen militants a priority in their first presidential term. Hide Caption 17 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin U.S. President Barack Obama meets Putin at their home in Novo Ogaryovo, near Moscow, in July 2009. Putin said Russia was pinning its hopes on Obama to revive ties with the United States. Hide Caption 18 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Medvedev and Putin ski together in Krasnaya Polyana in January 2010. Hide Caption 19 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin takes part in a judo training session at a sports complex in St. Petersburg in December 2010. Putin holds a black belt in judo. Hide Caption 20 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin In April 2011, Putin attends the first Global Ministerial Conference on Healthy Lifestyles and Noncommunicable Disease Control. The event was held in Moscow. Hide Caption 21 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin receives a medical consultation in August 2011 during a visit to the Smolensk Regional Hospital in Russia. Putin said they hurt their shoulder during morning judo practice. Hide Caption 22 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin speaks to supporters at a Moscow rally in February 2012. They won the presidential election one month later with just under 65% of the vote. Former President Medvedev became their Prime Minister. Hide Caption 23 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin During a massive rally of their supporters in Moscow, tears run down Putin's face in March 2012 after they were elected President for a third term. Hide Caption 24 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin A topless protester shouts at Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel during a visit to the Hanover Industrial Fair in central Germany in April 2013. Human rights groups say civil liberties and democratic freedoms have suffered during Putin's rule. Hide Caption 25 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin addresses the media during their visit to Hanover. Hide Caption 26 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin and their wife, Lyudmila -- seen here in 2012 -- announced the end of their marriage in June 2013. Hide Caption 27 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin poses for a photo with Russian Olympic athletes in Sochi, Russia, in February 2014. Russia hosted the Winter Olympic Games and won the most medals. Hide Caption 28 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin From left, International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach, Putin and Medvedev look at their watches before the closing ceremony of the Winter Olympics in February 2014. Hide Caption 29 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin, center, and Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, left, arrive to watch a March 2014 military exercise at the Kirillovsky firing ground in Russia's Leningrad region. Hide Caption 30 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin, left, controls the puck during an ice hockey game between Russian amateur players and ice hockey stars at a festival in Sochi in May 2014. Hide Caption 31 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin takes part in a wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier outside Moscow's Kremlin Wall in June. Hide Caption 32 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin speaks with Obama in November, during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Beijing. Hide Caption 33 of 35
Photos: Russian President Vladimir Putin Putin puts a shawl on Peng Liyuan, wife of Chinese President Xi Jinping, as they arrive to watch a fireworks show in Beijing in November. Hide Caption 34 of 35
Hear me out, before you nerd out and get all defensive about Google Glass.
Are you ok with government installing cameras everywhere in major cities of the world? Initially, most of you probably had serious problem with this, but eventually, you have come to accept the world where you are on camera 24/7 wherever you go and whatever you do.
You also probably don't mind people taking pictures in public with their phone, as long as the camera is not directly pointed at you or the person is not in your face like this guy:
If I did the same thing but wearing a cool gadget like Google Glass, would you have a problem with it? It's something to think about. If a complete stranger holds a camera to your face you know what they are doing and you have a legitimate reason to tell them to stop doing it, most of you will probably object to it. Not if the same person wears a Google Glass, which is essentially a smart camera powered shades (among other things), that will be in your face without you knowing that it's recording you. I am guessing here, I don't know if it has an indicator and the person you are talking can tell that they are being recorded.
We don't know much about the software capabilities of Google Glass yet because it's still a work in progress. But we know certain things that google is capable of right now that can be and probably will be integrated to Google Glass:
Google image search has the capability to do reverse image search doing facial recognition. Also Google.Google Glass.
Google+, a steadily growing social community, has face tagging capability to help identify individual.
Once you reverse image search a person's face, depending on how much information that person shares online, googling his/her name, what they do and where they work is a trivial work.
You might argue that a person who makes it relatively easy to search for their information online probably don't care much about sharing it. It's similar to what former Google CEO Eric said, “If you have something that you don't want anyone to know, maybe you shouldn't be doing it in the first place.” The truth of the matter is, if you are not computer savvy, you don't know or understand the implication of sharing your information online. That would be the overwhelming majority of the people online.
I don't believe society understands what happens when everything is available, knowable and recorded by everyone all the time.
– Eric Schmidt
Now imagine a hypothetical scenario, a guy sitting in a restaurant is interested in a cute girl sitting a couple of tables away, they quietly take a snapshot of them using Google Glass. Does a reverse image search of her, finds their name and where they work and follows them on social media sites. All this without their knowledge, within minutes. I don't know about you, but I find it creepy. The geek part of me is really impressed with the technology and how much you can do in such a short time, but I am very much concerned about the privacy implications of this.
Now imagine in 2-3 years more and more people around you is wearing a Google Glass device and with the third or fourth generation the technology has been refined to the point that it can be integrated to regular looking shades without you having to know the difference.
Google policy is to get right up to the creepy line and not cross it.
– Eric Schmidt
At least with the government camera surveillance program you know that you are being constantly monitored, but with Google Glass, there will come a point where you won't even know that you are being constantly monitored, recorded and the person you just walked passed in the park knows everything there is to know about you (that's available online).
Are you OK with this?
In a non-Google Glass world a person has to actively go out of their way to get a shot of you with their phone camera and with a little luck (assuming they got a clear shot of your face) they can still get the same information about you right now. But this requires that person to do it in such a way that they will most likely get your attention when they try to take your picture. With Google Glass, the process will be many times easier and seamless. But I am making the assumption that a user has to actively look up your information, what if in the final version of the software google implements this as a feature? Or if an app ecosystem is allowed, a third party can easily implement this feature.
Can you have Google Glass that can address privacy concerns?
I personally think Google Glass is an awesome idea if done right. If we can put aside the privacy concerns, the possibilities are endless. Think of Google Goggles for android but on Google Glass. I think to address the privacy concerns, Google could require a hardware button on the side of the Glass which you have to click in order to take a picture or additionally an LED light indicating picture/video recording mode. It doesn't really solve all the problem, but it does handle some of it.
I haven't even touched the implications of a profit seeking, data-mining, primarily an advertising company will do with all the personal experience information they will gather from Google Glass users. Personally, I think Google balances itself better as a company in privacy issues. But the concern is still there, just because a company has been historically better, doesn't mean it will always look out for the best interest of its users.
