At today's Commerce Department-orchestrated investment shindig, National Economic Council Director Gene Sperling laid out his understanding of why manufacturing is starting to come back to the United States (or at least, why they think it's a trend).
It started in 2011, Sperling explained, when consulting firms started noticing trends that led them to advise their clients to consider investing more in the United States. Along with the natural gas bonanza, two factors helped change the equation. (The clip starts at 26:00).
One: Wage stagnation. "When you look in the future for the next 10 years, which is where you should be considering for a location decision, the wage productivity factor now has turned around and will favor the United States."
That's sure true. In what's often considered to be something of a curse for the American worker and the economy writ large, since fewer people can do the jobs of many and most don't have enough income to generate demand, wages and productivity have been separating for decades:
(Economic Policy Institute)
And two: The nuclear disaster at Fukushima. "There's also a greater realization of the more hidden or uncertain costs with having an overly diffuse and remote supply chain," Sperling said. "Perhaps that was spurred by the disaster in Japan."
Also true. The electricity outages that resulted from the reactor explosions threw a wrench into manufacturing networks all over the world, creating a huge headache for companies that source globally. Having your manufacturing close to your end market is one way to take risk out of the process.
"The U.S. may be the most competitive for location of jobs as it's been in two to three decades," Sperling said. "This is a moment of opportunity. If you have a positive trend, you want to put more wind at its back."
In other words: Japan's pain was our gain, and low wages have an upside. Hopefully.
Nintendo has revealed the full list of Game Boy Advance titles available as part of the 3DS Ambassador Programme.
The ten free downloads include Metroid Fusion, Legend of Zelda: Minish Cap, Wario Land 4, WarioWare Inc. Minigame Mania and Yoshi's Island: Super Mario Advance 3.
Completing the lineup is strategy role-playing game Fire Emblem: The Sacred Stones, Kirby & The Amazing Mirror, Mario Vs Donkey Kong, F-Zero Maximum Velocity and Mario Kart: Super Circuit.
The list of titles will be available to download from the eShop from December 16 in all regions.
The Ambassador Programme was devised to appease early adopters of the 3DS following a price cut several months after launch.
Ambassadors have already been given ten NES titles free, including Super Mario Bros., The Legend of Zelda and Metroid.
Nintendo 3DS received a firmware update this week, adding 3D video recording and new StreetPass content.
View all ten Game Boy Advance games coming to Nintendo 3DS Ambassadors below:
So you want to start a super PAC. Maybe you're worried that your vote doesn't really matter. Maybe you're tired of other super PACs raising and spending unlimited amounts of cash from corporations and unions to sway elections and you're asking yourself If you can't beat 'em, why not join 'em?
Not a problem. Thanks to the U.S. Supreme Court and Citizens United, anyone can start a super PAC. And the best part: It doesn't cost a dime. Never mind the Steven Colbert super PAC's Super Fun Pack, which hilariously offers prospective activists, "All you need is a burning desire for civic engagement and $99."
Here's how to start a super PAC. For free. Just by signing your John Hancock on a couple pieces of paper.
Step 1: Pick a Cause or Candidate
First things first. Your super PAC doesn't have to target a politician, though it certainly can. Restore Our Future Inc., for example, is the pro-Mitt Romney super PAC that spent considerable sums of cash in Election 2012 going after the former Massachusetts governor's Republican opponents, including Rick Santorum.
Your super PAC can raise awareness about a particular cause or issue such as hydraulic fracking, abortion, or taxes. Yours can be a liberal super PAC or a conservative super PAC. Got a burning desire for civic engagement, as Colbert would put it, on a particular topic? Go for it.
Step 2: Pick a Clever Name for Your Super PAC
You'll want to name your super PAC something catchy. Something people will be able to easily remember when they break out their checkbooks. Already taken are Joe Six PAC, a super PAC that proclaims it is "for the average Joe;" the Sick and Tired of Washington super PAC, whose goals seem pretty obvious; and DogPAC, a super PAC representing "Dogs Against Romney."
Step 3: Other Essentials for Starting Your Own Super PAC
All you need to create and run your official super PAC now are a bank account, a charming personality to raise all that money from corporations and unions, and a friend to serve as treasurer to keep track of your super PAC's fundraising and spending. Pick someone who is trustworthy and responsible. They'll need to file spending reports with the government.
Step 4: File the Paperwork
To officially launch your super PAC you will need to file what's called a Statement of Organization, or Form 1, with the Federal Election Commission. Check box 5(f) under "Type of Committee."
Also, write a short cover letter to the Federal Election Commission. You'll want to be sure you make it clear your new committee will be functioning as a super PAC.
You can do that by including the following paragraph verbatim:
"This committee intends to make unlimited independent expenditures, and consistent with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit decision in SpeechNow v. FEC, it therefore intends to raise funds in unlimited amounts. This committee will not use those funds to make contributions, whether direct, in-kind, or via coordinated communications, to federal candidates or committees."
Make sure to include your Statement of Organization your name, address, contact information, and the name of your super PAC and its treasurer.
Mail your form to:
Federal Election Commission
999 E. St., NW
Washington, D.C. 20463
Step 5: What To Do With Your Super PAC
As the proud new owner of a super PAC, you are permitted to raise unlimited amounts of money from people including your friends, neighbors, and families. But you can also solicit money from political action committees, corporations, and labor organizations.
You can turn around and use all that money to produce and air TV commercials or take out a massive billboard along a busy highway to roundly criticizes a politician you don't like. Have fun and be creative!
A Note of Caution: What You Can't Do With Your Super PAC
Firefox OS, the smartphone operating system from Mozilla targeted at low-cost smartphones in emerging markets, is coming to more developed markets.
A new project with carriers in the U.S., Japan, South Korea and Spain will see high-spec phones developed for release in 2016. But rather than challenging Android and iOS head on, the project will target something that's been largely out of fashion in recent years: flip phones and sliders.
Andreas Gal, chief technology officer at Mozilla, said some customers like the older form factors but choosing them often means being stuck with an old operating system that has none of the flexibility of a modern smartphone OS.
“Development of feature phones has essentially stopped, said Gal. “This project will bring a modern smartphone OS into this market.”
The Mozilla project, announced on Sunday at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, counts Verizon Wireless, KDDI, LG uPlus and Telefonica as members.
Together, they will design entry-level phones that feature modern specifications like support for apps and high-speed data. A key part of the project will be support for LTE data networks, called 4G by some carriers, and VoLTE, which is a new technology for running voice calls over the data network.
Mozilla's Firefox OS is open source so it can be adapted and customized for different screen sizes and resolutions, said Gal.
Firefox OS is already being used in about 16 phones in 30 countries, although mostly on low-end smartphones. The sole exception is Japan's KDDI, which last year launched a high-spec smartphone called the Fx0. The phone has a distinctive see-through case and includes features that haven't appeared on Firefox phones in the past, including LTE and a chip for NFC contactless networking.
Puerto Rico's deep economic and financial problems were bad before Hurricane Maria struck, and its politicians are not the ones to blame Ricardo Arduengo/AP
When America's eyes turned to Puerto Rico after the island was devastated by Hurricane Maria last month, President Donald Trump was quick to condemn the "massive debt" the island was dealing with, even while the US territory was still in the throes of the storm's aftermath.
He went on to remind Puerto Ricans that this debt needed to be paid back to Wall Street, and blamed local officials for the poor response to the island's humanitarian crisis.
Looking at the long-term history of Puerto Rico's debt and what caused it reveals that the federal government in fact shoulders much of the blame for the crisis.
While Puerto Rican politicians took actions that exacerbated the island's debt, they were operating within very small parameters set for them by Washington, having had little say on federal policies that have affected them ever since Puerto Rico became a US territory in 1898.
The tax breaks Puerto Rico's economy depended on are gone
After World War II, as the rest of the US was going through the post-war economic boom, the federal government sought to modernize Puerto Rico's largely agricultural colonial economy and bring industry and manufacturing to the island though various tax breaks.
A 1976 tax break basically created a tax loophole by which US manufacturers could get away with paying almost no income taxes on the island. This led to a massive influx of businesses, particularly in the pharmaceutical industry, to relocate to Puerto Rico and jumpstart its industrial economy.
The effort paid off, and Puerto Rico's economy flourished. But it also contributed the federal government's tax deficit in the 1980s and '90s, leading Congress to repeal the 1976 tax break in 1996. By the time the law was totally phased out by 2006, nearly all the American businesses that flocked to the island had gone, and Puerto Rico's economy had gone into freefall— 2005 was the last year the island experienced economic growth. And that was before the Great Recession, which decimated the economy further.
Because the 1976 tax plan was designed by the federal government to benefit large corporations, Puerto Rico's economy became dependent on them, and once they left there was little indigenous entrepreneurship to replace these giants. To make matters worse, the industry Puerto Rico had initially excelled in, agriculture, is now also in tatters — Puerto Rico has to import 85% of its produce.
A massive brain drain and a lack of taxable jobs created a vicious fiscal cycle
Predictably, as corporations fled Puerto Rico, they took job opportunities with them.
Millions of younger Puerto Ricans have left the island for the continental United States since 2006, and since 2015 more Puerto Ricans have resided in the mainland US than in Puerto Rico itself. Puerto Rico also has the largest underground job sector in the United States, and experts estimate that a third of the island's entire economy functions under the table and is therefore untaxable.
A homeless man in Old San Juan in August, 2015. Puerto Rico has a poverty rate of 45% Ricardo Arduengo/AP With massive deficits piling up but no way to tax its way out, the Puerto Rican government began borrowing massive amounts of money and selling $61 billion in bonds to Wall Street in hopes of getting fast cash to carry it through its economic downturn. Security firms in New York were able to charge Puerto Rico higher underwriting fees than those that places like Detroit had to pay, further contributing to the island's problems.
Eleven years later, Puerto Rico debt has skyrocketed to $70 billion — and that's not even counting the $43.2 billion it owns its own people in pension payments.
Decisions made in Washington have exacerbated Puerto Rico's problems
The pension debt is particularly worrying because as young people leave for better opportunities elsewhere, Puerto Rico's elderly are making up a larger and larger share of its population, and are putting strains on its Medicare and Medicaid system.
While more than 60% of Puerto Ricans are on the programs' payrolls, the territory receives much less federal funding for its insurance programs than do states on the US mainland, meaning that Puerto Rico has to finance the remaining costs itself. This is yet another factor in the growth of the island's debt.
But the impositions from Washington upon Puerto Rico go much further than that.
The Jones Act, which stipulates that a foreign cargo ship cannot off-load and on-loan goods in Puerto Rico before doing so on the US mainland first, has made headlines since Hurricane Maria struck Puerto Rico, with critics arguing that the protectionist law dating from 1920 was hindering the humanitarian response to the hurricane. Trump eventually waived the act for the purposes of relief efforts, but many have argued that the act has had detrimental effects on Puerto Rico's economy even under normal circumstances. Studies conducted by the New York Federal Reserve Board have indicated that the Jones Act may be doing serious damage to Puerto Rico's economy.
The USS Ponce in Puerto Rican waters. American-owned and operated vessels benefit from laws like the Jones Act U.S. Navy The federal government has also directly put up barriers to Puerto Rico's debt recovery. When US bankruptcy laws were up for review in 1984, Sen. Strom Thurmond, the infamous southern segregationist, snuck in an amendment that barred Puerto Rico from being eligible for Chapter 9 bankruptcy, without giving any rationale for the move.
This has made it significantly more difficult for Puerto Rico to emerge from its debt crisis. Although the Obama administration signed a law called PROMESA in 2016 that created a federal advisory board that would allow for a Chapter 9-like recovery process, the outlook remains bleak. The board has advocated a massive restructuring of Puerto Rico's debt and an extensive austerity process that, even if successful, would extend Puerto Rico's economic dolldrums for at least another 10 years.
Puerto Ricans have almost no say in how they are governed by the United States
Underlying all of these monumental issues is the real kicker — that Puerto Rico has little ability to speak up for itself in Washington, allowing the federal government to enact policies that affect it without its own consent.
As a US territory, Puerto Rico has only one, non-voting congressman in the House of Representatives, and although they are technically citizens, Puerto Ricans cannot vote in presidential elections. In order to get such rights, Puerto Rico must become a state. But even though Puerto Ricans voted to do so this past June, the only ones who can actually make that happen are the voting members of Congress.
At a press event in Puerto Rico in Hurricane Maria's aftermath, Trump made the seemingly outlandish claim that he would forgive the island's debt. The president's staff almost immediately walked back those claims. But until something is done about Puerto Rico's debt, political isolation, and economic woes, it's future after the impact of Hurricane Maria may only become more dire.
Jon Jones Calls Cop 'F**king Liar, Pig' ... Apologizes
Jon Jones -- Calls Cop 'F**king Liar, Pig' ... Apologizes (VIDEO)
EXCLUSIVE
2:07 PM PT -- Jones just issued a statement saying, "I was not drag racing nor was I speeding. I did not get a speeding ticket. I was driving within the speed limit of the 35mph zone."
"I feel that police used a technicality to ticket me for drag racing, for simply revving my engine and acknowledging some of my local fans. I regrettably said words to the police officer out of frustration, for which I apologize for, but I do feel this was excessive."
UFC superstar Jon Jones called a police officer a "f**king liar" and a "pig" during a heated exchange in New Mexico last week ... and TMZ Sports has the footage.
It all went down when Jon was pulled over in his white Corvette on suspicion of drag racing around midnight Thursday night.
The encounter was definitely heated from the beginning -- the officer making it clear he was NOT happy with Jones.
But Jon -- who is on probation from a hit and run conviction -- doesn't take kindly to the officer's tone and starts to bark back ... at one point calling him a "f*cking liar" and a "pig."
He added, "You're despicable."
The officer replied, "I feel the same way about you sir."
Jones went on "The MMA Hour" with Ariel Helwani and later apologized -- saying he was emotional and shouldn't have said what he said.
The UFC issued a statement saying, "We are aware of the situation and are looking into the matter. We've also been in touch with Jon's team regarding the matter."
We've transcribed part of the video below ... it's pretty crazy:
Jones: "Calling my lawyer, to ask him about this paper work. I'm sure I have the right to do that, buddy ... f**kin' liar. I can't believe you."
Cop: "Well believe it, cuz I'm not joking."
Jones: "For no reason. F**king with me for no reason. What's your name?"
Cop: "Officer Brown. It's on your ticket, sir."
Jones: "Can't f**king believe you. You're ridiculous."
Cop: "Just doing my job."
Jones: "No, you're not just doing your job. You're f**kin' picking this Corvette out for no reason. Blaming me for all this sh*t that you know isn't true."
Jones: "You're ridiculous ... I used to really respect ... f**kers like you."
Cop: "You'd rather I just turn my head and let you be a nuisance to the citizens?"
Jones: "I am not a nuisance to the citizens."
Cop: "I have sworn to protect the citizens from people like you, Mr. Jones. Please don't dig around in your car."
Jones: "I was looking for a pen. Give me the f**king sh*t. Can't believe you. Ridiculous."
Cop: "Well believe it. Cuz it's the truth, sir."
Jones: "Ridiculous. You're a f**king liar. Good luck trying to prove that I was speeding because you know that I wasn't."
Budapest, September 28 (MTI) – Police have launched proceedings against more than 24,000 migrants who crossed illegally to Hungary over the weekend, it said on its website police.hu.
Fully 23,591 people were apprehended on the Hungarian-Croatian border and 636 on the border with Serbia, police said. Five people were taken into custody for suspected forgery.
On Saturday and Sunday the Szeged District Prosecution brought 64 cases to court against migrants for illegal entry, a spokesman for the county prosecution office said. In 23 cases, suspects climbed through holes in the barrier fence that were already there and in 44 cases they entered by climbing under or over the fence, Ferenc Szanka told MTI on Monday. According to testimonies by the defendants, there were 32 Afghan nationals, 20 Iraqis, 5 Pakistanis, 4 Serbians one Kosovar and one Iranian national among them, he said.
Photo: Balazs Beli
Source: http://mtva.hu/hu/hungary-matters
President Bill Clinton appeared as a call-in guest on NPR this morning and his remarks regarding pay-for-play allegations surrounding the Clinton Foundation were fairly surprising. When asked directly whether donors gave money to gain favor with the Secretary of State, Clinton brazenly admitted that "since we had more 300,000 donors, it would be unusual if nobody did."
That said, Clinton was dismissive of the relevance of the pay-for-play allegations saying it was just "natural for people who had been our political allies and personal friends to call and ask for things." Clinton's comments seemed to echo those of DNC chair, Donna Brazile, who recently told ABC that it was natural for donors to seek access, saying that any questions over the impropriety of such behavior was just an attempt to "criminalize behavior that is normal."
This new approach to addressing allegations surrounding the Clinton Foundation (i.e. admitting to improper behavior while simultaneously dismissing the seriousness of the charges) seems to be a coordinated strategy between the DNC, the Clinton Foundation and the Hillary campaign. Just last week, Clinton Foundation CEO, Donna Shalala, admitted that there was "no question" that Foundation donors received "courtesy appointments" but simultaneously dismissed the behavior as completely normal in Washington politics.
Here is the relevant exchange between Bill Clinton and Steve Inskeep from NPR:
Steve Inskeep (NPR): "Do you think over the years, Mr. President that there were people who donated to the Foundation thinking that they're building a relationship wit you, that they're building a relationship with Hillary Clinton and that you guys might be back in the White House some day?" Bill Clinton: "Well, since we had more than 300,000 donors, it would be unusual if nobody did. The names I saw in the paper, none of them surprised me and all of them could have gotten their own meeting with Hillary. When you've been doing this kind of work as long as we have, you know the people who are the major players. And also, some of them who call my staff, people were doing double duty back then, and I had an office of the former president when it was natural for people who had been our political allies and personal friends to call and ask for things. I trusted the State Department wouldn't do anything they shouldn't do, from a meeting to a favor." Maybe some of them gave money for that reason [to gain political influence], but most of them gave it because they liked what we were doing."
The full interview is available for your listening pleasure below (segment on donors starts at 4:55):
&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;p&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
Nothing to see here folks, please stop trying to "criminalize behavior that is normal."
South Carolina Governor Henry McMaster and state Republican lawmakers said that they are pushing to require cities and counties to prove they are working with federal immigration authorities in order to receive state funds. If any jurisdiction in the state passes or practices sanctuary city policies they could lose their state funding for three years.
Currently no jurisdiction in the state of South Carolina has claimed to be a sanctuary city.
“As far as I know there has been no city to make that announcement. What we are doing here is to make clear that such an announcement will not be accepted. We want the people of this state to know that law enforcement is doing its job in South Carolina,” Gov. McMaster said during the announcement.
This is similar to the DOJ policy of withholding the federal Byrne grants from jurisdictions who pass sanctuary policies. “Jurisdictions that adopt so-called ‘sanctuary policies' also adopt the view that the protection of criminal aliens is more important than the protection of law-abiding citizens and of the rule of law,” said Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Read more on this story McClatchy.com.
In Thailand, mounting violence has triggered renewed efforts to start talks between the government and protesters. There are signs of bipartisan support to accept an offer for the U.N. to act as a mediator in a bid to end the political conflict and the bloodshed in the streets.Talks aimed at ending the violence have taken place between the Thai government and protesters. The one hour session Monday was led by Thailand's senior election commissioner, and included a senior member of the governing Pheu Thai Party and a Buddhist monk who is a co-leader of the anti-government People's Democratic Reform Committee, or PDRC.Election Commissioner Somchai Sirisuthiyakorn, through social media Tuesday, said the talks ended with both sides calling for further discussions as long as violence was reduced.However, PDRC protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban said Tuesday he would never negotiate with Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, accusing the government of links to the gunmen involved in the recent bloody attacks.The PDRC has been campaigning since November, using acts of civil disobedience in a bid to force the prime minister to resign and allow for reforms before fresh elections are held.In a weekend of violence that shocked many in the country, gunmen opened fire indiscriminately and threw grenades at an anti-government protest rally in Rayong, killing a five year old girl, and injuring dozens. A later attack in central Bangkok killed two children shopping near a protest rally site.Panitan Wattanayagorn is a political scientist and former spokesman for the government when it was led by the now opposition Democrat Party. He said the recent talks are part of government efforts to ease pressure on the governing Pheu Thai led administration."Pheu Thai is planning to extend the longevity of the administration by selecting a new replacement for Yingluck from the Cabinet members," Wattanayagorn explained. "They will try and probe that kind of option by talking to some of the more flexible PDRC leaders like the monk [Luang Pu Buddha Issara]."The talks come after the collapse of earlier efforts to negotiate with Yingluck's older brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, who lives in exile to avoid a jail term for corruption, but who remains a big influence behind the government.Analysts said Thaksin has rejected talks without the return of his seized money and a new hearing into his corruption case.Kraisak Choonhavan, a member of the opposition Democrat Party and former senator, said Thaksin's conditions represent a major impasse. "[Thaksin] has agreed to a national reconciliation government - obviously the resignation of his sister [Yingluck] but he put a position that is untenable - that his money be returned or that matter has to be put forth in a normal court with one judge and not rule by the Supreme Court," he stated. "Obviously, this is an impossibility, an impasse."The fears of further violence led this week to U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon to offer his offices to mediate in the conflict. Both the government and opposition supporters have welcomed the offer, calling for the U.N. to act urgently.Smarn Lertwongrath, a senior member of the Pheu Thai Party, said such an intervention may save lives."The EU [European Union] and USA - most of the leaders understand the real situation in Thailand. If they push a little bit harder Ban Ki Moon can be a success as a 'compromiser' anyhow. If people in [the] USA or EU - if they back Ban Ki Moon, I think it will save some lives anyhow."Since the political conflict erupted in November, more than 20 people have died and over 700 injured, with Thai security and political analysts fearing further attacks before political tensions subside.
The University of California will receive $1 million in additional funding from the state to support its DREAM Loan Program for undocumented students.
In a press release issued Tuesday, the UC Office of the President announced an agreement between California Gov. Jerry Brown and the state legislature to provide additional funding for the program. According to the press release, the DREAM Loan Program helps many undocumented UC students protected under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, to finance their college education.
The DREAM Loan Program was first approved in September 2014 with the passing of Senate Bill 1210, but funding for the program was not immediately authorized. In April 2016, UCOP confirmed an initial $5 million in funding for the program, with equal contributions from the university and general state funds allocated to the university.
On Sept. 5, the Trump administration announced its intent to end DACA with a six-month rollout. Three days later, the university filed a federal lawsuit against the Trump administration for its decision to rescind the program.
“Young Dreamers make exceptional contributions to UC and to the nation,” UCOP said in its Tuesday press release. “They embody the American Dream and represent the best of our country.”
Harini Shyamsundar is the university news editor. Contact her at [email protected] and follow her on Twitter at @hshyamsundar.
Share This On Social
Industry and services sector in the Eurozone continue to expand at the fastest pace in six years, driven by the largest economies in the currency union – Germany and France. The Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) remained at 56.8 points in May, as it was in April, confirms the second reading of the data. The separate measure of services is slightly down on the first estimates and the industry index remains unchanged.
Final reading of data is another proof that the Еурозоне enjoys a strong second quarter. Тhe economic growth is 0.7%.
The European Central Bank (ECB) is likely to take a more optimistic stance at its meeting on Thursday.
Separate reports on Italy and Spain, the third and fourth biggest economies in the Eurozone, show that there is still inertia. Italy's strong business activity and orders are reported, and Italy's employment growth.
Costs and sales prices show a slight weakness in May, but remain at a level close to the peak reached earlier this year.
The uprising is coming — here are some assholes to avoid…
Lower Left Network Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 27, 2017
From left: The cowards, the power-hungry nerds and the human haters
The majority of our generation want an uprising — and we're going to get one — but which groups actually have anti-authoritarian and anti-capitalist aims in mind? The assholes on this list sure don't, and finding strategic allies within the following groups is very risky because they'll fuck you up the first chance they get:
1. The cowards that don't want an uprising at all
To begin with, anyone that still believes in representative democracy is as convincing as someone tit-deep in freezing water telling you to jump on in. If it was up to these forever-frozen-status-quo supporters they would force everyone to live in a cesspool of democratic plurality where nothing can really be challenged and where ideas are talked about with no real effect ad infinitum. They like this inertia and will turn on you if you expose them to be the boring, apathetic cowards they really are.
2. The authoritarian socialist nerds
They're just a post-uprising version of group number one, ‘Oh, but I ACTUALLY want change — real change—and to help the vulnerable we must eradicate the current system. Once we have the power…' We only need to look at recent history to see how fast power-happy Leftists turn on everyone else whenever it suits them, vulnerable or not. This group consists mostly of frustrated nerds who don't have the charisma required to participate in an electoral circus- why try and win people over when very soon you can force them to?
3. The capitalists who think most people suck
Let's continue wage labour. Let's leave the majority of the world's resources in the hands of the wealthy. Let's keep the profits from rents and debt rolling in. Let's continue to treat poor people's time as a plaything — we can make them do whatever we want as long as we pay for it. Freedom! In other words, as you were everyone. The facade of democracy gets stripped away, and the wealthy no longer need to throw money at establishment politicians to pretend to be running the show.
This group is sometimes labelled anarcho-capitalists (or ancaps), but there is a better name for them: Avoiders. As in, they have an extremely positive image of themselves, but an extremely negative image of nearly everybody else, so they think money is their salvation from having to rely on (or participate) in meaningful relationships with all us other ‘stupid folk'. These capitalists are shit scared — of other people especially — and their human-hating ways have created a human-hating system which we need to expose and undermine at every opportunity.
Aam Aadmi Party had pre-decided to have CAG audit of private discoms and its government later violated statutory and constitutional provisions to fulfill the poll promise, Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd (TPDDL) today told the Delhi High Court.
"One particular party decided in its election manifesto that it will decrease power tariff and will conduct CAG audit of all three private discoms... "When you are hell-bent to achieve a particular objective, then you do not follow the statutory and constitutional provisions," the counsel for Tata Power told a bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice R S Endlaw said.
The court is hearing a batch of petitions, including appeals filed by three private discoms, against the order of a single judge refusing to stay Delhi government's decision to have CAG audit of their accounts.Besides the plea of TPDDL and Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group firms, BSES Rajdhani Power Ltd and BSES Yamuna Power Ltd, the bench is also hearing a PIL filed by NGO United RWAs Joint Action, seeking CAG audit of the discoms' accounts.
Senior advocate A M Singhvi, appearing for TPDDL, started advancing arguments on the plea saying Delhi government's decision asking the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) to audit discoms's accounts is "patently" illegal on many counts.
Citing a constitutional provision, he said in this particular case, the Lt Governor was not bound to act on the "aid and advice" of the state government but should have applied his mind in exercise of the discretionary power. He also sought to distinguish between the telecom firms which have been subjected to CAG's scrutiny by decisions of the High Court and the Supreme Court and the discoms.
In the case of telecom firms, there is PPP (public private partnership) enterprise and the private firms have to share the revenue with the government, he said, adding that "but here the discoms is a private firm and moreover, there is no such arrangement of revenue-sharing."
People around the world have reported series of sightings of Creepy Clowns lurking around random neighborhoods across US, Canada, and even UK, frightening children and even adults.October 7, 11 PM. A prankster in the Philippines wants to start the very first creepy clown prank in the country, dressing up as a clown near Quezon City Circle. But he went in the wrong neighborhood to start.According to the reports, the 21 year old prankster was filming his intro to his creepy clown prank, then, trying to scare a group of 4 children, the 4 boys suddenly started throwing rocks at him, then started beating him up before taking his cellphones, wallet and his GoPro.Bystanders told the police that the 4 suspects were known for inhaling solvents on the street. Vincent (the man dressed up as a clown) is currently being treated in Quezon City General Hospital for his minor wounds and said to be released by monday.The Quezon City Police officials are warning the public on jumping into the bandwagon on dangerous areas.To read about the latest clown stories:
Image caption ITU secretary-general Dr Hamadoun Toure has said any changes must be agreed on by all countries
The UN should not be allowed to take over control of the internet, Euro MPs have warned.
International governments are set to agree new information and communications treaty next month.
Reports in the Russian press have suggested the Kremlin and others wanted control of key internet systems passed to a UN agency.
Internet control currently lies largely with US-based groups such as Icann, which regulates the web address system.
The European Parliament has said the UN's International Telecommunications Union (ITU) was "not the appropriate body" to have authority.
The ITU has said a new treaty was needed to ensure "the free flow of information around the world, promoting affordable and equitable access for all and laying the foundation for ongoing innovation and market growth".
The UN agency is hosting the conference to draw up the treaty between 3 and 14 December in Dubai.
Members of the European Parliament backed a resolution which urged member states to reject changes to the International Telecommunication Regulations (ITR) which would "negatively impact the internet, its architecture, operations, content and security, business relations, internet governance and the free flow of information online".
'Equal rights'
The ITRs are designed to ensure interoperability of telecoms equipment and services across the world. The last major revision was in 1988.
Whatever one single country does not accept will not pass Dr Hamadoun Toure, Secretary-general, ITU
The negotiation process surrounding a new treaty has been criticised for being conducted largely out of the public's eye.
However, a site called Wcitleaks, run by researchers at George Mason University, has published several documents relating to the new treaty.
Among them was a proposal from Russia suggesting that the US should have less control over the internet's operation.
"Member states shall have equal rights to manage the internet, including in regard to the allotment, assignment and reclamation of internet numbering, naming, addressing and identification resources and to support for the operation and development of basic internet infrastructure," it said in a document submitted on 17 November.
'Limited access'
The European Parliament's objection follows loud opposition from search giant Google, which has invited concerned internet users to sign a petition.
"The International Telecommunication Union is bringing together regulators from around the world to renegotiate a decades-old communications treaty," the company wrote.
Image caption The ITU conference will be held in Dubai next month
"Some proposals could permit governments to censor legitimate speech - or even allow them to cut off internet access.
"Other proposals would require services like YouTube, Facebook, and Skype to pay new tolls in order to reach people across borders. This could limit access to information - particularly in emerging markets."
ITU secretary-general Dr Hamadoun Toure has signalled that if there were any serious disagreements he would try to avoid putting an issue to a majority vote.
"We never vote because voting means winners and losers and you can't afford that," he told the BBC in July.
"Whatever one single country does not accept will not pass."
Is Canada prepared to let our nuclear industry wither away, along with the $6.6 billion and 30,000 jobs it generates directly for the economy? Duncan Hawthorne, the CEO of Bruce Power, has raised that troubling question. Canada risks losing “very, very marketable” scientists and engineers the longer the fate of federally-owned Atomic Energy of Canada Ltd. remains up in the air, Hawthorne warned last week. “Shame on us if we just let them drift away.”
Bruce Nuclear Plant near Kincardine on Lake Huron. ( Dick Loek*p66 x / TORONTO STAR )
That red flag ought to focus minds in Prime Minister Stephen Harper's office, as Ottawa buzzes with election speculation. And it should galvanize Premier Dalton McGuinty, who also faces voters this year. Neither will want to look negligent on this file. They ought to put their heads together to see whether they can come up with a credible, affordable plan to backstop AECL, rather than allow it to fail through an inability to work together. CANDU is a crown jewel of Canadian technology. There are 34 CANDU reactors here and in six other countries, plus 16 more based on the same design, that have been built or are under construction. The McGuinty government forecasts that Ontario will still rely on nuclear reactors for 46 per cent of our electricity in 2030, not much below the 52 per cent it provides now. So Queen's Park is mulling a $33-billion plan over 20 years to refurbish 10 reactors at Darlington and Bruce to extend their service lives, and to build two more at Darlington. That's the only way to keep the industrial heartland humming.
Article Continued Below
While Ontario would prefer to buy next-generation CANDU reactors (the ACR 1000) from AECL, the Conservative government has put the company up for sale, though there are no takers yet. It's unclear whether buyers would continue building and marketing reactors for use in Canada and abroad, or fall back on servicing existing ones. And there's no assurance that Ottawa will provide the guarantees that McGuinty understandably seeks against cost overruns if Queen's Park buys technology from AECL that is still on the drawing board. McGuinty can't be expected to bet the farm on this. Rightly, the premier has proposed that the two processes be merged, ensuring that AECL remains a going concern by selling Ontario the reactors it needs. That would preserve Canada's CANDU technology and save jobs. Certainly, that idea is worth a searching look. Acting together, Ottawa and Ontario have considerable clout. The only other option for Ontario is to opt for foreign technology. Given the cost of building reactors and the possibility of unforeseen cost overruns, Harper can't reasonably expect Ontario's deficit-burdened taxpayers alone to shoulder the entire risk for salvaging a national enterprise. Not when Canada's nuclear power industry has been a federal/provincial partnership from the get-go. And not given the contribution that Ontario makes to the nation's economic well-being. While the future of AECL and CANDU may be up in the air, nuclear power is undeniably a global growth industry. Other countries are planning to invest $1 trillion or more building hundreds of new reactors over the next two decades. Risk-averse though they may be, Canadian policy-makers should think twice before ruling us out of that burgeoning market.
Read more about:
A semi-trailer plowed into an Amtrak train from Chicago Friday at a crossing on a rural northern Nevada highway, killing the truck driver and an Amtrak train crew member and injuring about 20 others who escaped the fiery crash, authorities said.
Most of the injuries were not life threatening, according to Amtrak spokesman Marc Magliari. He said 204 passengers and 14 crew members were aboard the California Zephyr en route from Chicago to Emeryville, Calif., which is near Oakland in Northern California, about 300 miles west of the crash site.
An Amtrak train crew member and the truck driver were killed, according to an Amtrak media release. Numerous others were transported to area hospitals for treatment and the rest of the passengers were taken to local schools for shelter and food.
A semi drove into the side of the train at 11:20 a.m. (PDT) at a public railroad crossing, the release said.
The crash occurred on U.S. 95 about 70 miles east of Reno, said Nevada Highway Patrol Trooper Dan Lopez. About 20 people aboard the train were taken to hospitals in Reno and Fallon, but he didn't know the extent of their injuries.
Lopez said the crossing gates were working. He said he wasn't sure if the railroad lights were operating but he believes they were.
Marianne Tidwell, a Chicago resident, said her daughter is an attendant on the train and was standing near a co-worker who was one of the people killed in the crash.
"She called me and said that the train had been hit," said Tidwell, who has another daughter who is a Tribune reporter. "It was a very bad accident, and her coworker was dead. She was just talking to her.
"I told her bad things happen to good people."
Amtrak passenger Jim Bickley told Sacramento, Calif., television station KXTV that the semi hit the fourth car on the train and two of the cars caught fire.
Another witness also said the truck hit the side of the train before it burst into flames, causing heavy smoke. The entire train was evacuated, the witness said.
A video taken by a passenger and sent to a Reno television station shows a chaotic scene as a plume of dark smoke pours from the train, with passengers who have already escaped calling to someone to "hang and jump," presumably from the upper level from the train.
Amtrak said anyone with questions about the passengers could call 800-523-9101.
"We are saddened by any injury and appreciate the emergency response by local and state agencies," Amtrak said in a statement.
The National Transportation Safety Board said its investigators were on the way to the scene.
The tracks cross the highway about three miles south of I-80 in the heart of the Forty Mile Desert, which was considered one of the deadliest sections of the entire overland journey by California-bound, covered-wagon pioneers in the 19th century.
The Associated Press contributed.
chicagobreaking@tribune.com
Were you on the train? Do you know someone who was on the train? If so, send us a message at chicagobreaking@tribune.com or send us your photos here for use on chicagotribune.com.
One part English eccentric, one part electronic music whizz, Feed Me aka Jon Gooch aka Spor aka Seventh Stitch (his electronica side project) prefers to do things differently. Calamari Tuesday is Jons first full-length album. Youre just as likely to find Feed Me sharing a bill with the likes of Foals, The Prodigy, 2ManyDJs or Bjork, than with rank and file EDM DJ/producers, and he sells out the kind of live venues most of the latter can only dream of (often playing multiple shows in each city). He doesnt DJ. He collaborates with bands like Crystal Fighters (Love Is All I Got is included here). And hed rather do press interviews through his alter ego, a character named Feed Me from which this project takes its name. On the live front, Feed Me sold out a 20 date US tour earlier this year, and then returned for a sell out homecoming gig at Londons Forum (which followed 2012s sell out show at the Electric Ballroom), where he debuted material from the album. London witnessed the kind of immense light and laser show and production that has accompanied his festival shows for Fuji Rocks, Exit festival, Reading, and Leeds occupying the stages once reserved for the Chemical Brothers, Underworld and other live electronic music acts from the genres 20th century heyday. When most people envisage a futuristic interface between man and machine, they likely picture 7 foot gleaming cyborgs a la Hollywoods age-old vision. Not Gooch. His perfect symbiosis between man and machine is about 3 foot tall, green, and boasts the kind of teeth that would make Sigourney Weaver think twice. Feed Me was created by Jon and built with the help of animatronic genius, John Nolan, whos worked on projects including Harry Potter, Dr Who, Clash Of The Titans and many more. Musically, Calamari Tuesday shows that peaktime electronic music can be a thrill ride for the mind as well as the feet. It bristles and crackles with energy but shuns the default setting youll find amongst certain plug-in obsessed peers. This album represents Jon and Feed Mes journey so far, resembling something of an aural biopic of them both to date. He says many of the lead synth lines were created by the pair in his Hertfordshire garage and fashioned from common household goods. We suspect he might not be telling the truth, but thats Feed Me. Calamari Tuesday is released on Jons new label, Sotto Voce, which will be home to all his Feed Me exploits and releases from other artists. Jon said: This is my first full-length album. It represents a journey through various styles of music, 2 years of intensive touring around the world in a variety of incredible locations, and the construction of my live show and imaginary friend, from sketches into tangible reality. It's something I now see as a collaboration between me and Feed Me. It's very serious.
D(Pop1, Yoruba, Neandertal, Chimp)
D(Pop1, Yoruba, Denisova, Chimp)
San, Yoruba, Mbuti, French, Sardinian, Han, Cambodian, Mongolian, Karitiana, Papuan1, Papuan2, Melanesian
You can fit Europe, China, India, and the US into Africa, with room to spare.
If Vindija and Denisova, two caves less than 5,000km apart were home to people more divergent from each other than any two humans are today, it's strange to think that only "modern humans" inhabited Africa at the same time.
The maximum genetic distance between living Africans is much higher than the maximum distance between living Eurasians: Africa is much more diverse than Eurasia. It's simpler to assume that the same relative pattern was true during the Middle Stone Age. The palaeoanthropology seems to support this, showing archaic forms present even during the terminal Pleistocene in Africa.
If modern humans did interbreed with 2/2 archaic humans whose sequences we possess, it's strange to think that they somehow shunned the African Others.
The two camps in the Second Neandertal Wars (*) have assumed maximalist positions on opposing sides of the argument: African structure explains it! vs. Neandertal admixture explains it! . Armed with the Vindija genome, that marvel of technological ingenuity, and a suite of impressive statistical models, the two sides have reached completely opposing conclusions.In order to formulate my own position, I decided to do what I love best, i.e., to look at the data for myself. My main idea is that the signals of Neandertal and Denisova admixture as measured by these quantities ( D-statistics ) ...... will vary on different SNP ascertainment panels. SNPs ascertained in Africans may have a great number of Palaeoafrican alleles; SNPs in Neandertal-admixed populations will have a great number of Neandertal alleles; SNPs in Denisova-admixed populations will have a great number of Denisova alleles. If a population has admixture from hominin X, this admixture, as measured by the D-statistic, will tend to be inflated in panels possessing alleles that introgressed from X, and suppressed in panels that lack them.The issue of ascertainment and archaic admixture was addressed by Skoglund and Jakobsson (2011) ; my aim is different: I am not so much interested in how ascertainment affects admixture estimates, but rather in exploiting the observation of the preceding paragraph (that Palaeoafrican, Neandertal, or Denisovan SNPs will lurk at different rates when ascertained in different individuals) to see what it tells us about human differences.The signal of "archaic admixture" may be generated by genuine archaic admixture in one population (e.g., Eurasians), making it more similar to the archaic group (e.g., Neandertals), or by archaic admixture -of a different sort- in another population (e.g., Africans), making it less similar to that group. Both these processes may be at work, operating at different intensity in different populations and across different timelines.I used the Harvard HGDP set, which contains 12 SNP panels, each of which has been ascertained in two chromosomes of a single individual. These panels are:A D-statistic was calculated relative to either Neandertal or Denisova for all HGDP populations, as well as the two archaic hominins. Subsequently, I used MCLUST to infer the number of different clusters on the basis of these statistics. In the optimal solution, MCLUST inferred 7 clusters, with each archaic hominin getting its own cluster, while the modern human populations were assigned to 5 clusters corresponding to five major human races recognized by traditional physical anthropology (Mongoloid, Negroid, Australoid, Capoid, and Caucasoid).Note thatAll populations fell into their expected clusters. The populations from Pakistan who are believed to be predominantly Caucasoid with varying degrees of minor admixture of an Ancestral South Indian element were assigned to the Caucasoid cluster. So did the Mozabite Berbers, a Caucasoid population with minority Negroid admixture. Finally, of the Central Asian populations, the Hazara of Pakistan showed mixed affiliations in the Caucasoid and Mongoloid clusters, while the Uygur were assigned to the Mongoloid cluster.It is noteworthy that by exploiting patterns of relationship of modern to regional archaic humans, we have managed to recreate the major human groups. This is, perhaps, supportive of those who have argued that a degree of regional continuity across the Old World, and not only recent post-Out of Africa genetic divergence is responsible for present-day inter-population differences.MCLUST also gave us the D-statistic means for the 7 inferred clusters. Remember that these are differences between a population Pop1 and Yoruba, relative to an archaic hominin (Neandertal or Denisova), and for 12 different ascertainment panels:There are wonderful patterns to be discovered here; you can look at the data for yourselves ; that's the open science thing to do.All our ideas about human origins are conditioned on the availability of genomes from two archaic Eurasian hominins, and the lack of genomes of similar age from Africa.But, remember:In view of the above, I humbly raise my peace banner in the Neandertal Wars, and declare that it isn't either-or: it's both!(*) The First Neandertal Wars were fought decades ago by anthropologists working with calipers and magnifying lenses. Their outcome was to relegate Neandertals from the enviable position of our likely ancestors to that of an irrelevant sidekick, although a not-negligible minority continued an insurgency against the Out-of-Africa-only victors.
Among the perks of having a commercial photographer as your dad: the chance to model in photoshoots styled after your all-time favorite movie.
For 3-year-old Nellee, that meant donning a tiny golden gown to channel Belle of Beauty and the Beast for a photo series shot and edited entirely by her dad, Josh Rossi.
Over the course of one month, Rossi planned, shot and edited the homage to the Disney fairytale, blending scenic imagery he shot in Europe with shots of his daughter taken back home. He and his wife even commissioned luxury costume designer Ella Dynae to create dresses for the series.
And although Rossi photographed the series himself, planning the series was very much a family project. His wife Roxana booked all of the European shooting locations ahead of time and secured the costumes, among other shoot details.
"Usually we are just playing games our kids like. This time we play a game we both truly love, which is taking magical pictures together," he wrote via email.
"I honestly hope that dads will get inspired to spend more time with their daughters and find something they can do together to connect."
A stirring editorial in Time by Michael Grunwald calls out the US press for failing to report on contradictions in the GOP's platforms (for example, condemning Obama for not cutting Medicare enough while also telling people to vote against him because he wants to cut Medicare). Grunwald cites many examples of this, and says that the press is so anxious to appear nonpartisan that they're simply unwilling to state the obvious: the party's strategy is based on saying whatever is convenient at the moment.
I've written a lot about the GOP's defiance of reality–its denial of climate science, its simultaneous denunciations of Medicare cuts and government health care, its insistence that debt-exploding tax cuts will somehow reduce the debt—so I often get accused of partisanship. But it's simply a fact that Republicans controlled Washington during the fiscally irresponsible era when President Clinton's budget surpluses were transformed into the trillion-dollar deficit that President Bush bequeathed to President Obama. (The deficit is now shrinking.) It's simply a fact that the fiscal cliff was created in response to GOP threats to force the U.S. government to default on its obligations. The press can't figure out how to weave those facts into the current narrative without sounding like it's taking sides, so it simply pretends that yesterday never happened.
The next fight is likely to involve the $200 billion worth of stimulus that Obama included in his recycled fiscal cliff plan that somehow didn't exist before Election Day. I've taken a rather keen interest in the topic of stimulus, so I'll be interested to see how this is covered. Keynesian stimulus used to be uncontroversial in Washington; every 2008 presidential candidate had a stimulus plan, and Mitt Romney's was the largest. But in early 2009, when Obama began pushing his $787 billion stimulus plan, the GOP began describing stimulus as an assault on free enterprise—even though House Republicans (including Paul Ryan) voted for a $715 billion stimulus alternative that was virtually indistinguishable from Obama's socialist version. The current Republican position seems to be that the fiscal cliff's instant austerity would destroy the economy, which is odd after four years of Republican clamoring for austerity, and that the cliff's military spending cuts in particular would kill jobs, which is even odder after four years of Republican insistence that government spending can't create jobs...
Whatever. I realize that the GOP's up-is-downism puts news reporters in an awkward position. It would seem tendentious to point out Republican hypocrisy on deficits and Medicare and stimulus every time it comes up, because these days it comes up almost every time a Republican leader opens his mouth. But we're not supposed to be stenographers. As long as the media let an entire political party invent a new reality every day, it will keep on doing it. Every day.
Image Slideshow Arctic Institute of Denmark Danish National Survey and Cadastre Scott Polar Research Institute Natural History Museum of Denmark Natural History Museum of Denmark NASA Goddard Space Flight Center/US Geological Survey
Long-forgotten aerial photographs of Greenland from the 1930s, rediscovered in a castle outside Copenhagen, have allowed researchers to construct a history of glacier retreat and advance in the area. The work, by Anders Bjørk at the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues, aims to provide a deeper understanding of how climate change has affected ice loss and glacier movements over the past 80 years.
Most studies of Greenland's glaciers have been done only since imaging satellites became available in the 1970s, so the data are relatively short-term. But using photographs from 1930s aerial surveys of the southeast coast of Greenland, together with US military aerial shots from the Second World War and recent satellite images, Bjørk and his colleagues have been able to observe changes at high spatial resolution from a period in which few glacier measurements were previously available.
Analysis of the images reveals that over the past decade, glacier retreat was as vigorous as in a similar period of warming in the 1930s. However, whereas glaciers that spill into the ocean retreated rapidly in the 2000s, it was land-terminating glaciers that underwent the fastest regression 80 years ago.
Minutes after Mayor Rob Ford arrived at a contentious community council meeting in Etobicoke on Tuesday evening, he bolted out of his seat, sprinted up an aisle, and left the building — to wander around the parking lot and slap “Rob Ford Mayor” fridge magnets on the doors of cars. When a reporter told Ford that some people might find his behaviour strange, he retorted that some people find the reporter strange. Magnets in hand, he made no further comment.
With reporters beside him, Toronto Mayor Rob Ford shouts to David Price, his recently appointed director of operations and logistics, with a request for more magnets. He spent more than 15 minutes outside. ( DANIEL DALE / Toronto Star )
Ford was accompanied by a City Hall security guard. When reporters approached him, he conducted an impromptu scrum on the controversial Humbertown condo proposal that residents were simultaneously decrying inside the Church on the Queensway. The mayor slowed down only twice — once to calmly address the reporters who followed him, once to shout urgently to aide David Price for more magnets, his arms outstretched. Price, Ford's former high school football coach and his recently named director of operations and logistics, put magnets on cars before Ford arrived. He stood between Ford and the reporters after the mayor said he would take no more questions.
Article Continued Below
Price scoffed at the suggestion that Ford should be attending the meeting-in-progress rather than circling the parking lot. “He can do whatever he wants. Putting magnets on a community event — what do you expect him to be, up on stage?” Price said. When a reporter said the mayor might be expected to at least sit in the audience and listen, Price said, disparagingly, “Sitting and listening to those deputations?” Ford, who speaks often of his love of campaigning, spent more than 15 minutes in the church lot. He eventually spotted an acquaintance who uses a wheelchair, calmly wheeled the man in, and returned to his seat deep in the crowd. He later gave an impassioned speech in opposition to the Humbertown proposal, then stayed to cast a vote against it. It is rare for the mayor to attend a community council meeting, and several members of the council thanked him for his presence. Councillor Doug Ford said the “real story” of his brother's evening is that the mayor took the time to support the local community. As for the mayor's parking lot sojourn, Doug Ford said: “Isn't that great. He's actually putting his home phone number, with fridge magnets — which is the only politician in North America that does it.”
When Technology Predictions Go Wrong
Posted by Steve Spalding in Featured | View comments
If there is one unshakable truth about people (including us) who make sweeping predictions about the future, it is that more often than not we're dead wrong. The problem with prophecy is that any look down the rabbit hole that goes beyond the immediate future is fraught with the kind of uncertainties that would humble even the most hardened pundit.
To prove this point out, lets take a look at some of the more outrageous prognostications ever to have the misfortune of being written into the annals of public consciousness.
The Future Is Now
Theoretically, television may be feasible, but I consider it an impossibility–a development which we should waste little time dreaming about. – Lee de Forest, 1926, inventor of the cathode ray tube
With over 50 foreign cars already on sale here, the Japanese auto industry isn't likely to carve out a big slice of the U.S. market. – Business Week, 1958
it's good enough for our transatlantic friends … but unworthy of the attention of practical or scientific men. –in reference to Edison's light bulb, 1878.
Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equipped with 18,000 vacuum tubes and weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vacuum tubes and weigh only 1.5 tons. –Popular Mechanics, March 1949.
This ‘telephone' has too many shortcomings to be seriously considered as a means of communication. The device is inherently of no value to us. –An internal memo from Western Union, 1876
The Americans are good about making fancy cars and refrigerators, but that doesn't mean they are any good at making aircraft. They are bluffing. They are excellent at bluffing. –Hermann Goering, Commander of the Luftwaffe, 1942.
Do you have a favorite? If so, post it here.
(Image) (RSS)
In many parts of Canada, falling commodity prices means rising unemployment. To help, the federal government has begun selectively lengthening EI benefit periods — by a lot. Five more weeks in some cases; up to 25 weeks in others. But only in a few selected regions.
While supporting households in need may be a worthy goal, this plan falls short in many ways.
Most concerning of all is the lack of precise and open criteria to select qualifying regions. March's federal budget listed 12 regions that would see benefit periods lengthened, based on vague criteria, and left it at that. This caused confusion and a political backlash. Alberta Premier Rachel Notley and Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall were especially vocal about the exclusion of Edmonton and Southern Saskatchewan, which they said needed extra help, too.
It took Access to Information request by Canadian Press reporter Jordan Press to reveal the precise criteria the federal Liberals had used as requirements: a region's unemployment must rise two percentage points above a benchmark for three months straight and not later fall to within one per cent of that benchmark.
Based on this reporting, and on new data, it was clear three more regions qualified. Trapped by this reality and political pressure, the Liberals agreed to extend benefits in Edmonton, Southern Saskatchewan, and B.C.'s Southern Interior.
But that's it, they said. No more. Ever. And that's a problem. Because, while the list is evidently now fixed, economic conditions certainly are not.
Thunder Bay and Yellowknife may meet the government's criteria with new data released early next month. A month after that, it might be Regina's turn. They've all crossed the magic two percentage-point threshold. The only remaining question is: will they stay there? If they do, why shouldn't they also qualify?
It gets worse. The government's method is not only unresponsive to new data; it is also flawed.
Consider Thunder Bay. That city has experienced a 2.6 percentage-point increase in unemployment since March 2015. It has also been above that for the past three months.
So, Thunder Bay workers should qualify. But they don't, due to an unfortunate fluke.
The benchmark unemployment in the formula is the minimum rate between December 2014 and February 2015. At that time, Thunder Bay's unemployment was temporarily high. Had March been in the benchmark period, Thunder Bay would have qualified. It missed qualifying by one month, and all due to a random blip.
By contrast, the Northern Ontario region now qualifies for extended benefits, but it shouldn't.
From early 2014 to today, unemployment there typically varied within a tight, flat band around 12 per cent. But in December 2014 and January 2015, its rate temporarily dipped almost to 10 per cent. Thus, the benchmark snapshot was taken at an unusually low rate, and so Northern Ontario now qualifies for extended benefits.
The lesson from these examples is simple: to base a region's benchmark unemployment on a single data point during a narrow span of time is asking for trouble. After all, unemployment rates aren't measured perfectly. There are wide margins of error.
Beyond these implementation issues, there are more fundamental problems with a formula that assigns special EI status to certain regions. Treating regions differently inhibits labour mobility: you're less likely to relocate for work if it means giving up access to a more generous EI program. Also, a worker only qualifies for benefits in a region that is his or her “ordinary residence.” So, oilsands workers who commute from other provinces can get missed.
The government's method is not only unresponsive to new data; it is also flawed
Then there's the basic flaw in linking extended EI eligibility to regional unemployment rates. If tomorrow the Alberta government hires more public-sector workers, Edmonton's unemployment rate will drop. But that doesn't mean the labour-market prospects for the city' laid-off oilpatch workers is any better.
Of course, even recognizing these flaws, politicians might see some rationale in extending EI during times of economic stress. Fair enough. But the system already accommodates for that. Roughly speaking, for each point unemployment rises, EI benefits last for two more weeks (up to a maximum). This is based on data updated monthly, across the country. In a low-unemployment region (six per cent or lower), benefits are capped at 36 weeks. But if the rate goes up, benefits could last up to 45 weeks.
Calgary, for example, saw unemployment rise from five per cent in 2014 to over eight per cent recently. Even without special extensions, Calgary's EI benefits last up to six weeks longer today than in 2014. Is that not enough? If not, why not?
Politics often trumps economics, and this is particularly true with EI policy. But we should at least use explicit criteria, regularly updated data, and robust procedures to select the regions. Discretion, randomness, or the appearance of either, has no place in Canada's EI system.
Trevor Tombe is assistant professor of economics at the University of Calgary.
A couple of months back, the Washington Times ran an opinion piece from Dan Burton titled “Why Azerbaijan is important to America and the free world.” As initially published, the Washington Times disclosed that Burton was a former Republican congressman from Indiana.
But not his other, more relevant title: current chairman of the Azerbaijan America Alliance, which in its own words strives to be the “premier organization dedicated to promoting a lasting partnership between Azerbaijan and America.” Burton's piece appeared in the same edition of the Washington Times as a special section titled, ““Azerbaijan: A Quarter Century Since Restoring Independence, A Thriving U.S. Ally.” After the Erik Wemple Blog alerted the newspaper to Burton's nonexistent disclaimer, it added in his chairmanship of the Azerbaijan America Alliance.
Yet Burton appears to have found another organization willing to publish his thoughts without highlighting his position. Witness a Burton-penned March 12 piece in the Daily Caller titled, “Is Armenia America's Ally Or Iran's?” What follows the headline is an out-and-out hit piece on Armenia. This passage represents the tone pretty capably:
Further evidence of Armenian/Iranian friendship is plentiful. Both Tehran and Yerevan have pushed hard for progress on the construction of the Southern Armenia Railway, which will more closely link the two countries. Meanwhile, in May 2014, Iran and Armenia increased weekly flights between the two countries from three to 50. That's not tourism. That's business.
Elsewhere, Burton writes that Russian President Vladimir Putin is vested in promoting “the burgeoning Armenian/Iranian partnership. And we have everything to lose.” Those words sound like just the sort of thing you'd expect from the chairman of the Azerbaijan America Alliance. After all, Azerbaijan and Armenia have become “perilously close to open war,” as the New York Times put it in late January. There have been recent reports of clashes between the two.
So how does the Daily Caller present Burton to its readers? This way:
And this way, in a tagline at the bottom of the piece:
Dan Burton is a former Member of Congress representing Indiana's 5th Congressional District. He served in Congress from 1983 until 2013 notably serving on the House Committee on Foreign Affairs and Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
An inquiry to Tucker Carlson, the Daily Caller's top editor, went unanswered.
Not much luck, likewise, with the Azerbaijan America Alliance. The Erik Wemple Blog sent an interview request to the organization yesterday and didn't hear back by this morning, at which point we presented ourselves at the Pennsylvania Avenue address listed on the group's Web site. After a short wait, a woman appeared to hear our request. She said that the questions I had were properly directed to Burton. When we asked for assistance in contacting Burton, she declined to provide any.
In a short phone chat with Burton, the advocacy group chairman asked, “Are you the one who's been calling everyone about my op-eds?” Yes, responded the Erik Wemple Blog. “I don't really want to talk to you,” said Burton. Why not? “Because you're a scandal monger and I don't want to talk to you. I have no desire to talk to you,” he said. A plea to hear out the Erik Wemple Blog fetched no response.
(Charlie Archambault for USN&WR)
The broadcasts of the presidential debates this year will reach 60 million or more Americans. The array of candidates running includes two former members of Congress—Libertarian Bob Barr and Green Cynthia McKinney—as well as me, but viewers will see only two choices: a Democrat and a Republican. The rest of us are not invited.
Few voters likely know that the debate sponsor, the Commission on Presidential Debates, was created in 1987 by the two parties. Don't be fooled by its claim that its goal is to provide "the best possible information to viewers and listeners." Its purpose is to give the parties cover when they bar other legitimate candidates from debating.
Ross Perot got in the debates in 1992 even though he was polling below 10 percent. Afterwards, the two parties retaliated, hiking up the threshold for entry to 15 percent, a Catch-22 level of support that is almost impossible for any third-party candidate to reach without first getting in the debates.
Walter Cronkite called the commission's debates an "unconscionable fraud." New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg calls them a "mockery." The League of Women Voters called them "campaign-trail charades devoid of substance, spontaneity, and honest answers to tough questions." A genuinely nonpartisan, civic organization, the league used to sponsor the debates but quit in disgust in 1988, saying: "The league has no intention of becoming an accessory to the hoodwinking of the American public."
In a 2004 Zogby poll, 57 percent of Americans said that third parties should be included in the debates. My campaign is on the ballot in 45 states and is polling at 6 percent nationally. I have earned a podium in the debates and have something to contribute to the political discussion.
The two parties want to marginalize our campaigns, but our views are not marginal. Most Americans want to end the Iraq war, want true single-payer healthcare, their pension rights upheld, their privacy protected, a living wage, strong enforcement against corporate crimes and frauds, and the Bush/Cheney administration held accountable for its serial violations of law. Obama and McCain refuse to support these positions. I support them all, and my inclusion would ensure the debates are more than an antidote for insomnia.
Others argue that including third-party candidates in debates would crowd the field, making it confusing for voters. They must have missed the first primary debates where eight to 10 people shared the stage.
A proposal. Given the huge barriers to getting on state ballots, a fair and manageable standard would be that anyone on enough ballots to have a theoretical chance to win should be allowed in the debates—six candidates this year. I challenge the two parties to take a baby step: In the coming weeks, a third-party debate is set to take place. Will McCain and Obama allow the winner, as voted by viewers, into their last debate?
The abolition of slavery, women's suffrage, Social Security, fair labor stand-ards, and protection of farmers were all first championed by third parties. The mainstream ultimately adopted these "marginal" issues, and we are better for it. The legacy of third-party candidates in American history is not that of "spoilers" but of visionaries.
Those who say that third parties cannot win are wrong. Reform Party candidate Jesse Ventura won the 1998 Minnesota governor's race after appearing in the debates. "If you are allowed in the debates, the candidate that no one gives a chance to, lo and behold, can win," Ventura said. My running mate, Matt Gonzalez, polled at 6 percent before being included in the 2003 San Francisco mayoral debates. He ended up with 47 percent of the vote.
In 2002, an AP poll found that 1 in 3 people would consider voting for me if they thought I could win. The main obstacle to people voting for me, then, is a self-fulfilling prophecy. Putting me on the same stage with the other candidates would turn this prophecy on its head.
Ralph Nader, a consumer advocate, lawyer, author, and founder of public-interest groups, is running for president.
Veteran Jason Bright is exploring a potential move to Triple Eight Holden equipment for next season as he looks at options to revitalise his Supercars career.
As recently announced, the 43-year-old is set to be replaced at Brad Jones Racing by Nick Percat for 2017, ending a seven-year stint with the Albury-based squad.
Defying expectations that he would retire from full-time driving, Bright has been busily piecing together new plans over recent months.
The 1998 Bathurst 1000 winner is expecting to race under his own #21 Racing Entitlements Contract, which has been domiciled at BJR since Bright joined the team in 2010.
Bright has confirmed to Speedcafe.com that he has made enquiries about securing a Triple Eight Holden as he focusses on ensuring that he is in race winning equipment.
Whether Bright can secure a car directly from Triple Eight for the start of next year, however, remains to be seen, as all three chassis available at season's end are understood to have been earmarked for existing customers in the Dunlop Series.
“There are only a few cars in the championship at the moment that are really doing the job week to week,” Bright told Speedcafe.com.
“Making sure I'm in one of those and that it's the latest spec is my first priority.
“I had to make that (Triple Eight) enquiry to know that if I took my REC somewhere to set up a new entity within a team, whether there is availability or what can be done to update existing equipment.
“I need to make sure that whatever I do the equipment is capable of being competitive.
“I don't want to be running around at the back like we have been at the last couple of events.
“Whatever I do I'll try and make sure there are things built into it so it can take a step forward, or that it's with a top team.”
Although, by his own admission, Bright has spoken to almost every team during his planning process, one of his options is thought likely to be with Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport.
LDM currently runs two ageing Triple Eight-built chassis but may elect to lease out its second REC next year if plans from sponsor John Fuller to start a new team in Newcastle come to fruition.
Bright is also known to have investigated a possible tie-up with another Triple Eight customers, Team 18, although that is thought unlikely on the grounds of cost.
Other uncertainties in the REC market include the future of Super Black Racing, which is yet to be confirmed despite Rusty French recently declaring his intention to buy the license following the death of founder Tony Lentino.
The team is currently searching for local backing in order to continue in its Kiwi guise and is known to be assessing options beyond Prodrive for its preparation services.
That too could open up a slot for Bright and his REC in what, despite a patchy 2016, is still expected to be one of the front-running teams next year.
“There's a lot going on and there's a hell of a lot yet to unfold,” said Bright of the overall picture.
“I'm pretty confident I'll end up with a home and it'll be a nice home.
“But there's still a lot of movement in REC world that'll determine where drivers and teams end up.
‘There are a few deals to be done but I'm pretty sure I'll be out there in good equipment.
“For me there's stuff that should happen in the next couple of weeks,” he added of a timeline.
“In an ideal world it'll all be done, signed and announced before Homebush.”
How the REC gap will be filled at BJR, which has stated its intention to continue as a three-car squad with Percat, Tim Slade and Tim Blanchard is also unclear.
Plans are also yet to be locked in for Erebus Motorsport's second entry which has been driven by Shae Davies in the back half of the season following the team's split with the Plus Fitness-backed Aaren Russell.
A new rule that effectively bans direct to consumer car sales was the result of a back room deal between the auto dealers' lobby and Gov. Chris Christie in order to preserve the dealers' monopoly on automobile sales, Tesla Motors' chairman said in a post to the company website today.
What's more, Tesla chairman Elon Musk said in the post, if you believe that the laws on the books protecting dealers are there for the good of the consumer, "Gov. Christie has a bridge closure he wants to sell you."
In his post, Musk said Christie had promised that allowing for direct sales to customers, which is Tesla's sales model, would be put to a vote by the legislature. However, the dealers were afraid of the outcome and so took their concerns to the administration.
"Governor Christie had promised that this would be put to a vote of the elected state legislature, which is the appropriate way to change the law," Musk said. "When it became apparent to the auto dealer lobby that this approach would not succeed, they cut a backroom deal with the Governor to circumvent the legislative process and pass a regulation that is fundamentally contrary to the intent of the law."
On Tuesday, the state Motor Vehicle Commission passed new rules essentially outlawing the direct sales model, effectively banning Tesla, at least under its current sales model, from the state. Earlier in the week, company officials said the new rules were added to the MVC agenda at the last minute and were to be "stealthily" passed.
Earlier in the week Tesla accused the new rules of being "anti-Tesla" designed solely to squeeze the company out of state sales.
An administration spokesman responded that the point had always been made clear to Tesla that the rules needed to be changed by the legislature. What's more, the rule in question was first proposed in October and Tesla representatives provided public comment for it back then. It was not a sneak attack as the company claims.
"Since Tesla first began operating in New Jersey one year ago, it was made clear that the company would need to engage the Legislature on a bill to establish their new direct-sales operations under New Jersey law," said spokesman Kevin Roberts. "This administration does not find it appropriate to unilaterally change the way cars are sold in New Jersey without legislation and Tesla has been aware of this position since the beginning."
Jim Appleton, president of the New Jersey Coalition of Automobile Retailers denied the allgeation of a back room deal and said the point of the regulations passed Tuesday was simply to bring the Motor Vehicle Commission's rules in line with existing law.
"Mr. Musk better take a breath because he is making accusations and destroying any credibility he might have had in this debate," Appleton said.
Appleton said in the initial criticism of MVC and Christie posted to the company's site, Tesla admitted to having struck a deal with the administration that the rule change would be held off until the legislature could vote on a new law.
"It's shocking to me that they would accuse us of back room dealings when they themselves hadve admitted to back room dealings," he said. "This rule is not about Elon Musk or NJCAR. It's the MVC's constitutional obligation to adopt regulations that give full faith and credit to the statutes that are on the books."
In his post, Musk said the intent of laws supporting the dealer system was never to squeeze out smaller, direct to customer manufacturers. The intent, he said, was to protect dealers, who had entered into franchise agreements with manufacturers, from pressure later applied by those manufacturers to convince the dealers to sell back at a deflated cost.
"The intent was simply to prevent a fair and longstanding deal between an existing auto company and its dealers from being broken, not to prevent a new company that has no franchisees from selling directly to consumers," he said.
Musk said the reason Tesla has not entered into dealer agreements is because virually all delaers will have a conflict of interest between selling Tesla's small volume of electric cars, versus selling gas powered cars, which make up the bulk of all car sales.
"Moreover, it is much harder to sell a new technology car from a new company when people are so used to the old. Inevitably, they revert to selling what's easy and it is game over for the new company," he said.
Musk also took aim at the claim that dealers ensure consumer protection by creating competition for cars and by ensuring warranty service is performed at no cost to the consumer.
"If you believe this, Gov. Christie has a bridge closure he wants to sell you! Unless they are referring to the mafia version of "protection", this is obviously untrue," Musk said. "As anyone who has been through the conventional auto dealer purchase process knows, consumer protection is pretty much the furthest thing from the typical car dealer's mind."
Going forward, Musk said, his company's two showrooms - in Short Hills and Paramus - will convert to galleries, where a consumer can look at a car, but not discuss price or complete a sale.
Customers may still buy a car through the company's Manhattan location as well as two in Pennsylvania. Musk said the company is evaluating its "judicial remedies" as well.
This week, two Democratic lawmakers said they plan to introduce legislation that would allow for direct sales for electric carmakers such as Tesla.
“We are facing some pretty significant monsters,” — Cal Fire incident commander Bret Couvea to a room of about 200 firefighters and law enforcement officials at the Sonoma County Fairgrounds on Wednesday morning.
“Think of the climate change issue as a closet, and behind the door are lurking all kinds of monsters — and there's a long list of them,” — Steve Pacala.
*****
As of Wednesday, the massive fires blazing across California and concentrated in the north had consumed over 141,000 acres, resulted in the loss of 17 lives, and destroyed more than 2,000 structures. Approximately 50,000 people are now evacuated from the fire zones. And about 500 individuals are reported missing. A grim tally that is unfortunately likely to worsen as the hours and days progress.
#UPDATE: Raw video from the scene of a fire near Calistoga, one of multiple North Bay fires prompting evacuations. https://t.co/dElQgYtMB3 pic.twitter.com/JMeKg2aXO9 — NBC Bay Area (@nbcbayarea) October 9, 2017
This outbreak is now one of the worst fire disasters ever to strike California. One which may break all previous records for tragic loss of life and property when this terrible event finally winds down many days from now and all losses are counted.
Significant Monsters…
In total, eight major fires are still burning across the state. As all but one fire remains uncontained, the area consumed continues to expand. The seven large out of control fires presently range in size from 7,500 to 37,000 acres each and have burned approximately 40,000 additional acres in just the past 24 hours alone. Lighter winds and cooler weather have aided firefighting efforts. But the sudden large scale of the fires erupting Sunday through Tuesday and very dry and occasionally gusty conditions with no rain in sight have produced serious challenges for firefighters.
(The skies of northern California blanketed by smoke from massive blazes streaming like ‘liquid fire' across Northern California on Tuesday, October 10. Image source: NASA Worldview.)
As of yet, no direct initial cause for the fires has been identified. But the co-location of some fires with downed power lines due to wind gusts up to hurricane force late Sunday night have provided one potential ignition source. Human error or malicious activity have not yet been ruled out.
… Fed by Climate Change …
Regardless of direct cause of ignition, the fires lit in vegetative growth that sprang up after an abnormally wet winter and spring. This growth has flash-dried over summer in a region that received 10-20 percent of its typical moisture allotment over that period. Northern California over recent years has experienced severe drought, extreme rains, and during summer of 2017 flash drying of new vegetative growth. This is a cycle of extremes consistent with human caused climate change. So as with the major hurricanes blowing up over the ocean this year we can definitely say that climate change has played a role in setting conditions that enabled this event to hit a much more fierce than usual intensity.
… Caused by Bad Energy and Environmental Policy Choices
Bad choices — primarily involved with continued policies promoting fossil fuel burning (#1), harmful agricultural practices (#2), and deforestation (#3) have brought us to this pass. Failure to rapidly enable a renewable energy transition and to produce policies that promote less harmful consumption and more sustainable land use will result in an ever-increasing tempo of extreme events.
We see this high tempo now in events that bear the names Harvey, Irma, Maria, California fires and so, so many more over the past few years. Let us hope and pray that it relents enough to give us the space to make the right choices for ourselves, the life supports of our planet, and our children.
RELATED STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION:
A recent climate study found that warming oceans have weakened the southwestern monsoon generating a prevalence for droughts and wildfires in the region. This is a direct result of human-caused climate change:
California should expect more deadly fires and drought. Here's why: https://t.co/mnYjsDYbYT pic.twitter.com/3ArxqmwwyY — Forbes (@Forbes) October 10, 2017
Links:
The National Interagency Fire Center
NASA Worldview
Some Pretty Significant Monsters
Pure Devastation
California Fires: Before and After Photos
How Did the California Fires Become so Devastating?
Hat tip to Eleggua
Hat tip to Genomik
Advertisements
SARASOTA, Fla. — With mounting losses and his chances that voters deliver him the Republican nomination near-nonexistent, Marco Rubio is flirting with the same political “death spiral” that swallowed Jeb Bush only three weeks ago.
He's fending off rumors of quitting, defending undersized crowds and promoting polls that show him losing (even in his home state), while also whining about Donald Trump's media coverage.
Story Continued Below
All just like Jeb.
And that was before Tuesday's devastating results, where Rubio sunk to single digits in Mississippi and Michigan, finishing last and losing so badly that he won no delegates in those two states. He was a distant third in Idaho at risk of getting no delegates there. After he came in third in Hawaii with 12 percent, he was a mere 2 for 24 in the campaign, and his wins came in the Republican hinterlands of Minnesota and Puerto Rico.
Hours before the polls closed, Rubio had tried to rally his supporters at Dolphin Aviation in Sarasota on Tuesday afternoon. But the airplane hangar was only half-full, with the campaign generously estimating as many as 1,000 had come. Four years earlier, that same venue had hosted 3,000 for Newt Gingrich, and Florida wasn't his home state. And three months earlier, Trump drew upwards of 10,000 in the same city, filling an arena as thousands more overflowed into the streets.
“We have a lot of work to do in the next seven days,” Rubio told the crowd, ticking down the time to Florida's March 15 primary.
It's all too familiar a situation for the Republican elite, and for past Bush supporters who have swung to Rubio, who have long waited for Rubio to translate his many fleeting moments of success into tangible momentum.
“I'm obviously a Jonah,” veteran Tallahassee lobbyist John “Mac” Stipanovich laughed lamentingly, even before the breadth of Tuesday's defeats in Mississippi and Michigan were apparent. “I'm a Marco supporter,” the former Bush backer said. “I'm not face down in the Kool-Aid.”
A new national NBC/Wall Street Journal poll Tuesday placed Rubio in dead last in the four-man race, trailing Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich. Rubio has fallen to the bottom of the political prediction markets, as well, barely ahead of Mitt Romney, who is not even a candidate.
Indeed, as he has faltered, Rubio is generating an emotion among supporters that no politician ever wants but that Bush endured for months: sympathy. The “poor Jeb” refrain that haunted Bush, from reporters and supporters alike, in his final weeks is suddenly sticking to “little Marco,” as Trump has mercilessly mocked the Florida senator.
“My hope is that he'll make it,” said Dennis Cathcart, who brought his grandson to see Rubio in Sarasota on Tuesday. “But I fear he's fallen too far behind to catch up.”
Cathcart backs Rubio but is worried others might abandon him for a winner. “We sort of feel like he's not gonna make it and worry that people would rather vote for someone who could,” he said.
Howard Coshak, another Sarasota rally attendee, arrived clutching a Rubio bumper sticker to go along with the Rubio sticker and pin fastened to his shirt. He had considered not coming at all until his wife told him it might give a sagging Rubio a morale boost. “You've got to give him the psychological motivation that people are behind him,” she told him.
“It's literally impossible for him to get the delegates,” Coshak said of Rubio. “I'm trying to be realistic.”
Rubio is making his final stand in Florida, a state whose 99 winner-take-all delegates he hopes can thrust him back into the 2016 political conversation. His advisers say Rubio will campaign in Florida every day through March 15, and he has promised to win here.
But Rubio has trailed in every public poll for months and on Sunday night, in an email alert to supporters, the campaign breathlessly broke the news of a new poll “shaking up the race.”
It showed Rubio losing.
“By just a few points,” the campaign wrote hopefully, “and closing fast!”
Rubio is getting an incredible assist on the Florida airwaves, with $10 million in negative attacks hitting Trump from various groups and Rubio's own super PAC adding $5 million to its already substantial buy on late Tuesday — an incredible sum to spend in one week.
But Rubio's rivals are also gunning for him. Trump held a press conference in Jupiter, Florida, on Tuesday and called Florida “my second home.” Trump has broken from his frugal tradition and invested more than $1 million in Florida ads. Ted Cruz, meanwhile, is coming to Rubio's backyard on Wednesday, holding a rally in Miami as his super PAC prepares an anti-Rubio Florida ad assault. He will be in Orlando on Friday, doing a Fox News town hall, host Sean Hannity revealed Wednesday.
Rubio has still one major opportunity left to flip the momentum, at Thursday's debate at the University of Miami.
“It has to happen here,” Rubio said Tuesday. “It has to happen now.”
Earlier in the week, the Rubio campaign moved swiftly to squash a report from CNN that there had been some discussion within the campaign of dropping out before Florida. Spokesman Alex Conant declared it “fiction” on air as he condemned the network.
But Stipanovich said the fact that the story caught fire was, in itself, telling. “Those kinds of rumors feed off the perceptions of weakness and the only way to fix that sort of thing is to demonstrate strength,” he said.
“If someone started a rumor that Trump or Cruz was dropping out before Wednesday, no one would believe it,” Stipanovich added.
Al Cardenas, an early Bush backer and former head of the Florida Republican Party, said there are certainly “good parallels” between the Bush and Rubio campaigns as they've struggled.
“The higher up you go in the expectations ladder, the more intensity of coverage it is when you're not meeting those expectations,” Cardenas said. “That was the way it was with Jeb. it's the way it is with Marco.”
The candidates have responded remarkably similar as they've struggled.
Bush spoke often about “grinding it out.” On Monday in Tampa, Rubio told reporters of his recent spate of poor performances, “We've just got to continue to fight through it.”
Bush said in New Hampshire that voters were “tired of the profanity, tired of the vulgarity” from Trump. Rubio said Monday of Trump, “You never know what he's going to say except it's probably going to be vulgar or profane.”
And, just as Bush did before him, Rubio has been complaining that Trump's act is lavished with extra press coverage.
Rubio was visibly slumping Monday, as he batted away question after question from reporters about when he would withdraw from the race and if he would quit if he lost in Florida. He returned to Sarasota with more vigor for a rally Tuesday, where he was joined by his older brother, Mario.
“His spirit hasn't changed,” Mario Rubio said in a brief interview. “Very positive.”
Also in the crowd was Joe Gruters, Trump's Florida co-chairman, who mocked Rubio's turnout in the same city where Trump drew thousands more last November. “Obviously an indication of where his campaign's at,” Gruters said. “He's in big trouble.” He noted Trump filled an arena in Orlando over the weekend, a showing that may rival many of Rubio's events during his final week before the primary — combined.
Rubio had dismissed Trump's crowd sizes the day before. “If crowd size was indicative of his support, he'd be blowing everyone away everywhere,” Rubio said. “I wouldn't judge campaigns simply on crowd size, I just wouldn't.”
In this interview, Rich Sommer (Harry Crane on AMC's Mad Men) discusses partnership at SC&P and his ever-evolving relationship with Don Draper.
Q: Harry's in talks to become a partner. Congrats! What was your reaction when you found out?
A: Excited. It's probably not going to change much for me as an actor, but I've been rooting for Harry every step of the way and certainly since day one.
Q: You've said before you see Harry as a supporting character. Did you hope that aspect of being on the show would change?
A: Not really, no… I know who the show is about and I know Harry's position in it and I'm very happy with Harry's position in it. If Harry Crane suddenly kicked everyone out and it suddenly became the Harry Crane Agency, it still would be a show about Don Draper. [Laughs]
Q: What do you think the Harry Crane Agency would look like?
A: It would be full of computers and ascots. It'd be a pretty weird business.
Q: Harry's been the technology leader for the company since early on. How are you with today's technology?
A: I've always been at least on the curve, if not slightly ahead. I'm a little bit of an early adopter [of technology]… I definitely like to try the new thing, whatever will make things more efficient is where I like to lean. I got started on computers when I was really young. My dad got us a Texas Instruments TI-99/4A and you used an old TV as a monitor and you recorded all programming onto a cassette tape and it was pretty intense. And I think I was probably five when I got that computer, and he and I sort of learned it together.
Q: Do you think you could have operated the IBM 360 if you lived then?
A: Yeah, or at least hired someone that knew how to do it. I think Harry is an idea man, and he's always been pretty good at delegating when he needed to… I looked [the IBM 360] up when I read the script to see what it would look like, but I didn't have any first-hand knowledge of a room-sized computer.
Q: The show rents the majority of its props, but if you could take anything from the set, what would you take?
A: The first thought I had was Harry has this little cannon that he plays with all that time… There's that cigarette dispenser that Don Draper's had in his office forever that looks like a roulette wheel. And it's been a focal point of many shots. Like, his secretary in the beginning of Season 4, she threw it at him… I think that would be a cool thing to have.
Q: You're a big social media guy… What's the funniest or weirdest thing you've ever seen tweeted about your character? About the show?
A: People have lots of theories about where the story is going to go. I spend a lot of time on Reddit too, and I love people's theories, and it's very fun to see how wildly, wildly off they are… I always like the theories that start with, “Now hear me out,” because it's going to be a weird one, so buckle up. As far as Tweeting, someone a few weeks ago put up a picture of Harry Crane next to a picture of Homer Simpson from a flashback from The Simpsons where they look remarkably alike. That one just basically made me happy. He had the sideburns, the big swoopy hair, the plaid sport coat.
Q: It was pretty great when Harry shows up to Megan's party for her actor friends in L.A. Tell us about shooting that scene.
A: It was a long day, a big group scene with choreography and musicians… And it was my first time being on the set of Megan's apartment, and it is such a cool set. They just made it look absolutely beautiful and so L.A. It's always fun getting Harry and Megan in a room together, because we all know that Megan is not Harry's biggest fan since the “Zou Bisou Bisou” thing where she heard him saying stupid things. And also historically Don has not been Harry's biggest fan. So I'm sure he had a little pill to swallow when he walked in the room; it was very fun to play.
Q: Harry gave Don the heads-up about the Commander account. How would you describe Harry and Don's evolution through the seasons?
A: It doesn't surprise me that Harry Crane would tell Don Draper something that would help him. Harry probably knows somewhere that Don does not like him; he's sensed that. But there's no question that Harry looks up to Don incredibly… Don's the coolest guy in office…and he's the guy all the young guys have wanted to be since Season 1. So I think Harry realizes he has a chance to sort of help him. And it pays off because at the end of Episode 706, Don says, “Say whatever you want about Harry Crane, at least he's loyal.” And it's true. Harry has been very loyal to Don.
Click here to read an interview with Jon Hamm, who plays Don Draper on AMC's Mad Men.
A few weeks ago, Bill Blackwell turned off a stretch of road in South Texas and onto a property where five oil wells are being drilled. Nobody stopped him. Blackwell wasn't a threat. He owns the property, on which he has a second home. The drilling company, though, was supposed to maintain a guard at the entrance.
“Somebody could have driven right up to the house,” he said. “If you have just an open area, people don't feel particularly constrained – there are no signs, nobody to keep them out.”
In South Texas, in the rejuvenated Permian Basin of West Texas, and in other drilling hot spots around the country, landowners are confronting a litany of safety and security concerns – many of which they didn't anticipate – as they allow hydraulic fracturing on their land.
The oil boom is bringing jobs and wealth to areas such as South Texas that for decades had little of either, but it also is eroding residents' sense of familiarity, and with it, a sense of security. Towns in which everyone knew everyone else are now seeing a boom in new hotels and restaurants, which are overrun with strangers chasing high-paying jobs in the rejuvenated Oil Patch.
Like Blackwell, many landowners worry that contractors hired by the drilling companies aren't taking proper care of the land. The number of rig workers – strangers – on their properties overwhelms others.
Property owners aren't the only ones with concerns. Thanks to the oil boom, drilling companies are facing safety and security issues of their own.
In places like South Texas' Eagle Ford shale, any drilling in the past 50 years probably involved low-production “stripper” wells that required little monitoring. Because of hydraulic fracturing, oil companies have more at stake in each drilling project. A typical well in the Eagle Ford can cost as much as $7 million to $10 million, and because of the volume of oil produced, companies must do more to protect the value their production than they did in the old days.
“You have a lot of expensive equipment out there and you don't want the potential for sabotage or destruction,” said Charles Goslin, a senior operations advisor with Houston-based Butchko Security Solutions, which provides risk assessment and security for energy companies and other businesses. “The corporate oil and gas companies want to do the right thing but when it gets out to the operations, these things run on the contractors. You've got a lot of the subcontractors, and you can't check it all out. They've got fairly low-paid security guards on the gates that sit out there by themselves on a trailer.”
If access to well sites is poorly monitored, record keeping often is worse. What security logs or other well-site data are maintained are often stored in files or notebooks, but these paper records are difficult to review or in some cases even find. Workers at the site often don't update them, and policies may not be followed closely in drilling areas with little supervision.
As the industry balances a drilling boom with a more skeptical public – and one that demands more safeguards – the need for better safety and security measures is growing.
Some of this is to be expected. Wildcatters and small independents led much of the initial charge to tap new reserves through hydraulic fracturing, and they tend to take more risks and adhere to fewer safety standards. Rising drilling activity attracted the attention of the larger companies, many of which are implementing stricter safety policies.
The boom, though, also is triggering a labor shortage, forcing oil companies to hire less experienced workers.
“When labor is scarce, you're getting more inexperienced people into potentially hazardous environment,” said Stenning Schueppert, senior vice president of strategy and corporate development for Total Safety, a firm that consults on safety and training issues for oil companies.
In South Texas, the proximity to Mexico adds a new dimension to the concerns. The remote, scrubby plains provide cover for Mexican cartels smuggling drugs, humans and other contraband, Goslin said. Roads built to give drilling crews access to well sites also make it easier for smugglers to bring their wares into the country.
While the Eagle Ford's location near the border presents unique security challenges, the broader issues involving well-site security, contractor background checks and better monitoring of operations are cropping up as frequently as new wells in shale formations nationwide.
All of these issues are critical, yet safety and security protocols at many well sites remain lax compared with other parts of the energy business such as refineries or offshore rigs. As the domestic oil renaissance continues to grow, the industry must be more diligent in developing and implementing safety and security standards that are as stringent in places like the Eagle Ford as they are in other parts of the business.
Truth In Satire
Sean Spicer's Ruthless Resignation Letter
Revenge is a dish best served on your way out the door
Allan Ishac Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 10, 2017
For months he has seemed like nothing but a skittish yes-man who'd left his spine back in his hometown of North Hempstead, LI.
But, yesterday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer put on his flak jacket, wielded his ninja swords, and left a bloody path of sycophants in his wake as he dashed out the White House door.
Nice going Spicey, we knew you could do it…ill-fitting suit and all.
Here's the resignation letter that dropped a thermal detonator on 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Dear President Fuckwad,
If you've read this far, you know that I believe you're a truly historic moron whose mistep-a-minute, goofball presidency would be phenomenally funny if it wasn't so spectacularly dangerous.
Surrounding yourself with a gaggle of ass-kissing flunkies (yes, I admit I was one) doesn't make you seem more authoritative or powerful, it just proves you're a sniveling weakling, an insecure man-child, and an unstable ignoramus with zero ability to lead.
Before telling you what I really think, allow me to elaborate individually on the incompetence and utter uselessness of that cackling cadre of kooks you've put into positions of significant power:
Steve “Breitbart Barbarian” Bannon: If there is a more sinister motherfucker on the planet, I hope I never meet that demon. Bannon's festering face should have been your first clue that the rattlesnake venom coursing through his veins feeds the racist, anti-Semitic, misogynistic views of a demented anarchist. You believe you found a political genius in this conniving sociopath, but what you really found is a guy who'll drive a sword through your brainstem just when you least expect it. Of course, you're so self-absorbed, you'll think he's coming to knight you.
Kellyanne “Alternative Facts” Conway: And I thought you were the world's most prolific bullshitter (you are, but KC is better at it). She was looking sharp and talking slick, until she arrived in the “don't give us that claptrap” pressure cooker that is Washington, D.C.. Now she babbles nonsense like Palin and looks like she's been pulling all-nighters with a gastric parasite. That Bowling Green Massacre? Even I couldn't step in a cow pie that deep. Curling up on the president's couch, smelly feet first? Same kind of statesman-like conduct Kissinger was famous for back when he was counseling presidents. She's a loose-lipped lightweight, Donnie, but she's good at getting women to vote against their best interests, so be sure to keep her around.
Reince “Not Ready For Prime Time” Preibus: Oh my god, what a numb nut, goodie two shoes this guy is. You wanted a scrapper to keep people in line at the White House? Well, Day One I caught him crying behind the curtains in the Vermeil Room. Day Two he asked me where the nurse's office was because he had a stomach ache. Day Three he was lying down in the Roosevelt Room with a really bad case of the hiccups. Yeah, that's quite a bulldog enforcer you have there.
Stephen “Westworld” Miller: I don't know where you found this glitchy android, but he needs a software update. His voice pattern is pure Lost In Space robot, circa 1967, he lacks the blinking feature typical with eyelids, and his audio chip keeps repeating hackneyed, authoritarian cliches from the 1930's. But his worst feature is that painted on hair — it's so obviously camouflaging the flip-top door to his control panel. If you must have a cyborg bodyguard, invest in a newer version. Miller isn't fooling anyone.
Jared “Cliptip” Kushner: So you think we don't know what's going on with the nice Jewish boy? The only reason you want Jared by your side, 24-hours-a-day, is because when he's with you, he isn't fucking your daughter. What other reason could there be for keeping this grinning imbecile around?
Ivanka The Vacuous: If there wasn't actual DNA evidence that she was your daughter, the smart money would be on Ivanka having arrived from the same mechanized mannequin assembly plant as Miller. Ruling that out, all anyone can figure is that she's your beard — as incestuously creepy as that thought and image are to people with scruples.
So, there they are, The Weird And Wicked Six.
And, at the head of this pathetic pack of lackeys is, of course, you: The Commander-In-Tweet, Das Gropenfuhrer, The Cheeto Benito, Donnie Bratso, Grabba The Hutt, Adolf Twitler, The Angry Creamsicle, Hairman Mao.
Shall I go on? Okay.
King Leer, Schmuck L'Orange, Bela Lugrossi, SCROTUS, Creep Throat, The Great White Dope, Prima Donald, The Combover Con Artist, Sir Sissypants, Mango Mussolini, Pudgy McTrumpcake, Boss Tweet, and my personal favorite, The Lyin' King.
Listen, President Fuckwad, your Hoover-era “wiretapping” accusation was the crowning moment in a long history of destructive delusions, and it marked the last time I'm stepping in front of the cameras with my pants down to my ankles trying to defend another one of your paranoid, predawn Twitter barrages.
This, then, shall stand as my formal letter of resignation. No need to wish me good luck — I'm already golden. MSNBC is paying me $2 million a year to air your dirty laundry.
It's a wonderful opportunity, in my capacity as a former employee of the Fuckwad White House, to reveal how inarticulate, incompetent, narcissistic, thin-skinned, reckless, and obsessed with your hair you really are.
Oh, one last thing before I go. I found your Iridium satellite phone on the seat of Marine One. Judging by the phone numbers in its call log, this must be the satphone you used to call Putin twice a day.
I don't really know what to do with a phone like this, but I'll bet my new colleague Rachel Maddow does.
Sincerely,
Sean Spicer, White House Press Secretary (Emeritus)
P.S. Remember, nuclear weapons are for adults!
****
Thanks to all the many readers, fans, followers, and even my frenemies, for reading and commenting on my posts throughout the year as I continue my commitment to post every day, 7-days-a-week until the Orange Accident is no more.
I read every comment. And I try to answer.
Thank you.
–AI
Isis Mobile Wallet, the mobile payment joint venture between Verizon, T-Mobile, and AT&T, has finally gone nationwide as of this morning. After what seemed like an eternity of testing, those who live in Salt Lake City, UT and Austin, TX are no longer exclusive members of this mobile payment community. Apps for each carrier's version of Isis are available on Google Play, along with showcases of the service in individual carrier stores.
For those not family, Isis Mobile Wallet allows you to use your phone as your wallet. Thanks to tap-to-pay terminals at retailers and checkout stands nationwide, your phone can be used to pay for goods with credit cards stored securely on your device. Isis currently only supports Chase and American Express though, so even after a couple of years of testing, it's not exactly the powerhouse mobile payment system we were hoping it would be. It does support loyalty and merchant cards in case you were looking for a place to digitally store those.
But assuming you have a Chase or American Express card that you'd like to attach to Isis, you'll first need to pick up an “enhanced” SIM card from your carrier that will allow Isis to work. You'll also have to own one of the 40 smartphones that have been deemed Isis-ready.
If you make the cut, the newly revamped Isis app that hit Google Play today should include a tutorial on how to get you up to speed and cards added. The previous version of Isis was, to put it bluntly, terrible. Hopefully this new version is much easier and smoother to use.
So, this is the moment we have all been waiting for. Isis is typically thought of as the reason we were blocked from Google Wallet for so long, however, it feels like it has completely under-delivered with its lack of universal credit card support. Or maybe I'm just still irked by the Google Wallet fiasco. Either way, feel free to give it a shot and let us know how it goes, assuming your device is supported.
Play Links
Video
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tH5RWt6HdKk
Press Release
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Kids whose moms smoked while pregnant were more likely to end up on medications such as antidepressants, stimulants and drugs for addiction in a new study from Finland that hints at maternal smoking's effect on a baby's developing brain.
While the findings don't prove that cigarette smoking during pregnancy causes changes in kids' brains or behavior, they offer one more piece of evidence that should encourage women not to light up while pregnant, the researchers wrote in the American Journal of Epidemiology.
The new study is “entirely consistent with a large and still-growing research literature on the effects of prenatal and secondhand smoke exposure on the mental health of children,” said Dr. Michael Weitzman, who studies that topic at New York University Medical Center and was not involved in the new study.
“I found it very interesting and very important,” Weitzman said.
The research, he added, is the first he knows of that looks specifically at use of psychiatric medications in kids whose moms had smoked.
That's important, the authors noted, because tracking medication prescriptions may pick up on more mild conditions than studies that only include kids who are hospitalized for mental illness, for example.
Mikael Ekblad of Turku University Hospital and colleagues used Finnish data for 175,000 kids born in the country between 1987 and 1989.
At that time, midwives had asked all new mothers if they smoked during pregnancy.
The researchers then matched those birth records to a nationwide database of prescription drugs covered by insurance between 1994 and 2007 — when the kids were between five and 20 years old.
One in 11 kids was prescribed a psychiatric medication at some point during that period, including anti-anxiety drugs, antipsychotics, antidepressants, stimulants and drugs for addiction.
Of kids and teens whose moms didn't smoke during pregnancy, 8 percent were on at least one of those drugs during the study period.
That compared to 11 percent of those whose moms smoked less than 10 cigarettes a day, and close to 14 percent whose moms had lit up more than 10 times per day.
The link remained when researchers left out babies who were born early or very small — other factors that could affect future mental health.
It also stuck when they looked at each class of drugs on its own, and was strongest for stimulant drugs that target attention problems and hyperactivity and drugs for addiction.
Weitzman said the finding that depression medications were also linked to smoking was a “new and intriguing” one that would have to be examined in future research.
The study did have its limitations. For example, Ekblad and colleagues couldn't take into account whether moms had been on psychotropic medications themselves, or if they used alcohol or illicit drugs during pregnancy.
They also didn't know which dads smoked while kids were in the womb — or if either moms or dads smoked after the babies were born, when their brains would have been still developing.
Weitzman said that it's “so hard to disentangle” the effects of parents' smoking during pregnancy from smoking when kids are growing up.
After all, he said, kids who are exposed to one kind of secondhand smoke are often exposed to both.
“Very few women smoke just during pregnancy,” he told Reuters Health.
Exactly how smoking could change a growing baby or child's brain is unclear.
The researchers said it's possible that nicotine could affect brain development, or that access to oxygen during pregnancy might be reduced when moms smoke.
Either way, “At the very least, parents need to be educated that they might be doing brain damage to their children” if they smoke during key times in development, Weitzman said.
He added that doctors should keep this in mind and look out for mental health problems in their young patients.
SOURCE: bit.ly/odEWLe American Journal of Epidemiology, online August 4, 2011.
A little known pro-gun lobby that's well to the right of the National Rifle Association has complicated efforts to reach a solution on gun control legislation, top Democrats have said in recent days.
The Gun Owners of America has been around for decades, operating mostly in obscurity, dwarfed by the lobbying and fundraising prowess of the NRA. The group's big gripe is that the NRA is too squishy and willing to compromise, and its recent efforts to scuttle gun control legislation appear to be scaring away Republicans amenable to background checks.The results have frustrated Democrats trying to strike a bipartisan deal.
“The NRA — their lobbying efforts are being pushed even further to the extreme by virtue of the fact that there's another organization called Gun Owners of America,” Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) told Nevada Public Radio on Friday. “Whenever the NRA tries to be reasonable, the Gun Owners of America becomes more unreasonable, and it pushes the NRA [to the right].”
GOA is proud of its obstinacy against gun control. In a New York Times profile of the group last week, its executive director Larry Pratt took credit for scaring away Sen. Tom Coburn (R-OK) from discussions with Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY) about a bipartisan compromise on expanding background checks for gun purchases.
“His staff admitted that it kind of irritated the senator,” Pratt told the paper. “We were told, ‘He's getting tired of this.' But when we hear complaints like that, we know we are close to success. We are happy he changed his mind.” He said GOA mobilized its proclaimed 300,000 pro-gun members to inundate GOP lawmakers with phone calls.
Schumer's spokesman Brian Fallon took note of Gun Owners of America's role in the debate, tweeting a link to the Times profile and saying the group “is making deal on even background checks extremely hard.”
Less clear is the extent to which Gun Owners of America is the true foe of expanded background checks, rather than a scapegoat for Senate Democrats who are facing potentially tough reelection battles in red states and are skittish about supporting any significant new gun restrictions. For now, negotiations over background checks continue, as Democrats are now seeking to win over Sen. Pat Toomey's (R-PA) support for a compromise deal.
Meanwhile, the Gun Owners of America is flexing its muscle in first major gun control effort in nearly two decades. Prominently featured on the front page of GOA's website is a quote from Ron Paul calling the group “the only no-compromise gun lobby in Washington.”
Welcome to the weekly Economy Corner where I suggest the Best Bang for the Buck options at each position (Price Paid/Points Earned). Most of us probably won't crack the top 100 in the Global Overall league. In fact, I'd be happy to just hit the top 1,000. However, we all have the capability to achieve #1 in our private leagues against our friends, coworkers, and fellow club supporters. I am here to help you achieve that. Dallas on DGW, Impact not playing. Rosters due Thursday. Toronto, Vancouver and Montreal play tonight in the Canada Cup.
Value Play Examples from Week 12 (Week 12 prices)
Goalkeeper: Paying only $4.4 for Lampson CHI DGW who scored 19 compared to paying $5.5 for Melia SKC DGW who scored 16. Lampson earned you a return of 4.3 pts/$, while Melia earned you 2.9 pts/$.
Defender: Paying $4.8 for Vincent CHI DGW who scored 17 pts compared to paying $6.3 for Chanot NYC DGW who scored 9 pts.
Midfielder: Paying $8.1 for Fernandes SKC DGW scored 21 pts compared to paying $11.5 for Lodeiro SEA DGW scored 10 pts. (Almiron also scored 19 pts in a game this week, but Fernandes is cheaper)
Forward: Paying only $6.1 for Solignac CHI DGW who scored 10 pts compared to paying $9.5 for Larin ORL DGW who scored 2 pts.
Recap of Week 12 Suggestions
Big Win: Both Forward and Defender suggestions did fantastic, let us begin with Chicago! Meira and Nikolic were suggested in the Defenders and Forwards sections. With 4 goals and 2 CS for the week you couldn't go wrong picking players from the Fire. Union also a team you couldn't pick wrong with, Fabinho was suggested in the Defender section. Philadelphia produced with 4 goals, 1 CS and only 1 goal allowed. Forwards Torres and Ramirez also produced. For Houston, Torres earned 10 pts. Ramirez earned 7 pts in the Loons single game.
Swing and a Miss: Gonzalez DAL and Zavaleta TOR. They both only scored 2 pts.
The Push: Midfield and Goalkeeper. For a week with 10 teams on DGW, Midfield was average for the week. Granted Medunjanin scored 13, enough to be the 10th highest midfielder for the week. Lodeiro scored 10 tied for 15, but Harrison & Wallace scored 7/8pts placing them both outside the top 20.
Johnson NYC had a good score of 11 pts, enough to place as 7th goalkeeper overall for the week, but Gonzalez produced an unfortunate 2pts.
Biggest Regret: Not suggesting Atlanta at home against Houston.
*Weekly disclaimer: I'm not saying these choices will perform better than high priced Blake, Jungwirth, Lodeiro or Villa; these are simply value plays so that you can still squeeze Blake, Jungwirth, Lodeiro and Villa all into you starting XI.
Week 13 Value Suggestions
Montreal is NOT playing, Dallas has DGW, Rosters are due Thursday. Toronto, Vancouver and Montreal play tonight in the Canada Cup.
Goalkeepers: Both Melia and Cropper start the week selected by 25% of teams.
Ousted VAN $5.4 – Vancouver is hosting D.C. United, a team that has gone three straight games with out scoring. Even worst is that all three games were at home. Their scoreless streak is bound to end, I just don't think it'll be this week on the road.
Gonzalez DAL $4.8 – Dissapointed last week with only 2 pts, but it's a new week and Dallas has a double game week. Don't expect anything against hot streak Chicago Fire, it's Dallas' second game that's worth looking at: a home game against Houston. Houston has only scored 1 goal in their last 4 away games. Even after last week, of all goalkeepers, Gonzalez still has the 3rd highest points per game: 5.8.
Defenders: Currently Medranda is sitting at 30% selected. Opara and Jungwirth are both over 18%.
Fabinho PHI $5.1 – Even after 4 straight wins including 3 CS, Fabinho is the only Union defender who costs over $5. Rosenberry is the only defender selected by at least 10% of teams and he hasn't played a full 90 since week 7. Union is against RSL. Salt Lake did score 2 goals last week against NYC, but the Pigeons were sitting players in preparation to beat Orlando. Those are the only goals RSL have scored in their last 5 games.
Long/Lawrence NY $5.4/$5.5 – New York is at home again after a 1-1 draw against Toronto. This will be Red Bull's third game in a row at home and they could really use a win to turn around a 4 game winless streak. The Revs come in having scored 11 goals in their last five games. The kicker is that they've only scored 5 goals in their last five away games, a streak that includes 2 shut outs. And New England may be without Agudelo.
Parker VAN $5.1 – Unless you're willing to bet the barn that Vancouver gets the clean sheet, only consider Parker from their defense. He is both cheaper & has scored more points than Waston. The Whitecaps do have 2 CS in their last three games.
Midfield: Godoy is still above 30%. Lodeiro and Valeri are both above 18% selected… Don't you forget about Medunjanin, he's now the 5th highest scoring midfielder, more than Godoy and Valeri.
Svensson SEA $6.0 – Cascadia Clash Part 1: The Emrald City is hosting the boys from the City of Roses this weekend. This could be the game Seattle needs to correct their scoring problems. Portland has allowed opposing teams to score 13 goals in their last five away games, 9 goals in the last three away games. Svensson has scored 35 pts in the Sounders last 6 games.
Guzman POR $7.7 – Cascadia Clash Part 2: Or it could be Portlands opportunity to end their 4 game winless streak. In Seattle's last five games, three different opponents scored 3+ goals against them. Guzman has scored 29 pts in the last five games for the Timbers, back in week 3 he scored 14 points against Houston.
Acosta DAL $7.2 DGW – Also consider Urruti at the Forward position. Last week was Dallas's first shut out since week 2 against SKC. With two games this week, Acosta and Urruti are bound to score at least once.
Forwards: Villa is selected by 37% and Larin is at 21%.
Accam CHI $9.8 – Chicago have scored 13 goals in their last 5 home games, and they're home again this week. While Nikolic is the hot choice, selected by 17%, Accam finished their double game week only 1 point less. Accam is still under $10 and only selected by 2%. Only 14 points separate their total scores, and that's largely due to Nikolic's 20 point game in week 11.
Blessing SKC $7.6 – If Dwyer misses the game this week look to Blessing to fill the spot. Also consider midfielders Feilhaber and Fernandes against the Rapids. Colorado has a -4 goal differential from their last five games.
Wondolowski SJ $8.6 – After San Jose's first DGW in week 8, Wondo still played 77 mins in their week 9 game and scored 6 points. This week the Earthquakes host LA. While San Jose doesn't score more than a goal very often, Galaxy have only held one CS, a 0-0 draw against Philadelphia.
That's XI value plays for you to consider for Week 13.
Dallas on DGW, Impact not playing. Rosters due Thursdayy. Toronto, Vancouver and Montreal play tonight in the Canada Cup.
Constructive feedback is appreciated.
Advertisements
My secret santa was way way way too generous! They messaged me last week saying that my gifts were ordered from Amazon but were out of stock and would arrive after Christmas. I have to admit that I was a tiny bit skeptical because my first secret santa told me a similar story, but I never received a gift or further communication. Well, luckily this time I had the best santa! A surprise package appeared at my door today and yesterday. I was so busy and tired from working and making Christmas treats that I didn't get to open them until after work today.
I plopped down on my floor after I got home and sliced open the boxes. I had no idea what to expect because I tend to give too much info in my profile.
My Amazon wishlist is filled with things I would love to have but couldn't justify buying for myself. The first was a magic ice cream making plate thing that I saw online somewhere. I've wanted something like this since I saw this gif on Reddit a year or two ago. But that's not really something you just go out and buy for yourself. And that's the best kind of gift: something you really want but can't convince yourself to buy. Now I have the ability to make crazy ice cream rolls.
The second gift was an Amazon Echo Dot!! A friend of mine recently received an Echo for free (lucky!) at a conference he attended for work (where do I sign up for these conferences??). Before he showed it to me, I laughed at the idea of having an Echo in my house. I thought it was so silly and a little creepy. Once he showed me what his could do and how quickly it picked up his voice, I thought of a million ways I could use it. Just a couple weeks ago I was making cookies and didn't know how many teaspoons were in 1.5 tablespoons. I had to drop everything, wash my hands, pull out my phone, and google it. Ugh, if only I had an Echo, I could have just asked, “Alexa, how many teaspoons in 1.5 tablespoons? Alexa, play some music while I bake these cookies. It's too quiet in here.”
“Alexa, make me some ice cream rolls!”
Deputy Prime Minister Julia Gillard's broad Aussie accent has baffled US schoolchildren to the point at which they asked her whether English was spoken Down Under.
In Washington, DC, to discuss green jobs and education, Ms Gillard confessed she had puzzled American youngsters after talking to them for a few minutes.
What did you say? ... Julia Gillard. Credit:Rob Homer
"I have visited two schools in Washington where the kids asked me, after listening to me, whether or not we spoke English in Australia," she told Macquarie Radio on Friday.
"That Australian accent is foxing them a bit."
She was invited by Jeb Bush, former governor of Florida, to attend the Excellence in Action Summit to discuss education reform including national curriculum, teacher quality and transparency.
Ms Gillard is also meeting with senior Obama Administration officials during the trip.
AAP
The over/under on wins this season for the Rockies has been set at 76.5, according to Bovada.LV.
That seems like a very accurate figure, but one that can be surpassed if the Rockies stay healthy. However, given the improvement of most of the other teams in the division -- as well as factoring in some regression to the mean for the Giants -- Colorado could feasibly face an uphill climb just to improve by three wins over last year. That would put the Rox at 77 wins. If I were a betting man, I would cautiously take the over, knowing that they won't get there by much.
Here are the over/under numbers on wins for the entire NL West:
Dodgers: 92.5
Giants: 86.5
Diamondbacks: 80.5
Padres: 78.5
Rockies: 76.5
If you buy into Vegas' accuracy, the Dodgers, Cardinals, Nationals, Athletics, Tigers and Rays will be division winners in 2014.
BEIJING: China is getting ready to launch a lunar probe using an unmanned spaceship on Monday.The goal is to manage a soft landing on the moon's surface in mid-December making China the third country after the US and the former Soviet Union to achieve the feat.The spaceship, Chang'e-3 , comprises a lander and a moon rover called “Yutu” (Jade Rabbit). Yutu will be tasked with surveying the moon's geological structure and surface substances besides scouting for natural resources.Chang'e-3 will be launched into the orbit by the 56.4m Long March-3B carrier at the Xichang Satellite Launch Center at 1.30am. This will be the 25th launch of the Long March-3B. After entering lunar orbit, Chang'e-3 will go through six stages of deceleration to descend from 15 km above to the lunar surface.Government sources said facilities at the launching site are in good condition and preparations are going well.The moon rover has specially designed wheels that can grip the powdery surface of the moon climb inclines of up to 30 degrees and travel up to 200 m per hour, the Shanghai-based institute, a unit of China Aerospace Science and Technology Corp, said.High-precision guidance and control systems, multiple narrow window launches, transmission system for remote sensing and reduction of the rocket's deadweight have been incorporated, Cen Zheng, rocket system commander-in-chief of the mission, said.
On October 21st at the University of San Diego, Mr. Dwain Deets, former Director of NASA Aerospace Projects, gave a multimedia presentation on behalf of nearly one thousand architects and engineers who cite evidence of explosive demolition in all three World Trade Center skyscrapers on 9/11 and are calling for a new, independent investigation into their destruction. These architects and engineers are listed on their website at ae911Truth.org.
Mr. Deets was an engineering executive with NASA Dryden Flight Research Center for more than 37 years and formerly served as Director, Research Engineering Division at Dryden. He received the Presidential Meritorious Rank Award in the federal government's Senior Executive Service (1988). In 1986, Deets was awarded the Wright Brothers Lectureship in Aeronautics, a distinguished speaking engagement sponsored by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA). Resolutely empirical, non-political, and non-finger-pointing, ae911Truth only asks for a new investigation of the towers' collapse that does justice to the forensic evidence it presents. The concerns presented by Mr. Deets and the conclusions of Architects and Engineers for 911 Truth are shared by hundreds of scientists; senior-level military, intelligence, and government officials; firefighters; pilots and aviation professionals; scholars and university professors; 9/11 survivors and family members; and media professionals around the world.
Mr. Deets will continue giving presentations and is in the writers group for ae911Truth.org.
For more clarifying information see: ae911Truth.org, 911PressForTruth.com, 911Truth.org, 911Research.wtc7.net, stj911.org, and 911Review.com.
###
Reuters reports:
Protests flared into early Thursday in the St. Louis suburb where a white policeman fatally shot a black man who brandished a gun at a gas station on Tuesday night.
A group of protesters marched onto Interstate 170 in the city of Berkeley, Missouri, around 7 p.m. on Wednesday, blocking traffic for roughly 45 minutes. The demonstration followed a vigil at the Mobil On The Run gas station where the shooting occurred.
The site was just a few miles from the Ferguson street where a white police officer shot dead 18-year-old Michael Brown in August, fuelling weeks of protest in the region and across the country.
People obsessed with race keep pointing out white cop, black suspect, because fomenting racial hatred is all that matters to them. There is video of this incident, however, and police say it appears the suspects may have been attempting to stage an ambush: When the officer responded to a reported theft at the Mobil gas station/convenience store, he encountered two suspects, one of whom drew a 9mm pistol.
That 18-year-old suspect had an extensive criminal record, having been previously charged with “three assaults, armed robbery, armed criminal action and multiple uses of weapons since he was 17.” Police say the serial number had been filed off the suspect's pistol, indicating the weapon was probably stolen.
From what we know, then, it appears that this suspect was a one-man crime wave — a menace to society, a dangerous thug — and the police officer who shot him was entirely justified in doing so. We have already seen how hateful race-baiting rhetoric motivated Ismaaiyl Brinsley to murder NYPD officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos. As one retired NYPD officer said on CNN: “We have two dead police officers, and I guess Al Sharpton got what he wanted.”
The dangerous consequences of promoting irresponsible hate-mongers like Sharpton, however, won't stop the liberal media from recycling an anti-police narrative which implies that in any conflict between a white cop and a black criminal, the criminal is actually a victim.
"The Al Sharpton Christmas Race Riot Holiday Special." Season's Greetings form MSNBC! — Robert Stacy McCain (@rsmccain) December 24, 2014
On a parallel hate front, we have feminists whose desire to fight “rape culture” led to a hoax at the University of Virginia in which members of Phi Kappa Psi fraternity were falsely accused of gang rape by a girl who evidently invented her attacker, “Haven Monahan.” (The false accuser reportedly plagiarized an episode of the old teen drama Dawson's Creek in a fake e-mail.) Why did this apparent fabrication become a lurid 9,000-word article in Rolling Stone? Because it seems that the writer, Sabrina Rubin Erdely, was hunting for a dramatic rape story at an “elite” university, a heinous crime perpetrated by “privileged” rapists — in other words, she wanted a horror tale in which the demonized villains were rich white males. The tale told by Jackie at UVA fit that feminist narrative. Unfortunately for Erdely (and for the feminist narrative), it seems that Jackie is a pathological liar and, whatever the reality of “rape culture” on campus, the Phi Kappa Psi brothers were falsely accused.
“But like most colleges across America, genteel University of Virginia has no radical feminist culture seeking to upend the patriarchy.”
— Sabrina Rubin Erdely, Rolling Stone
Rape, attempted murder, but Guillermo Hector Diaz is not a UVA fraternity member, so feminists don't care. http://t.co/TdDsBnl5uo — Robert Stacy McCain (@rsmccain) December 25, 2014
Police suspect Apollo Hernandez raped a relative and killed his mother, but he's not a UVA frat member, either. http://t.co/8I7rV2573O — Robert Stacy McCain (@rsmccain) December 25, 2014
Rape suspect Alberto Suarez captured. He's not a UVA fraternity member, however, so feminists don't care. https://t.co/Kd5OcBKF3e — Robert Stacy McCain (@rsmccain) December 25, 2014
Feminists only care about rape when UVA fraternity members are accused. Otherwise, don't bother them. They don't care. — Robert Stacy McCain (@rsmccain) December 25, 2014
This kind of hate is all about progressive ideas of “social justice.” Yet as Friedrich Hayek showed, social justice is a mirage — the utopia toward which radical egalitarian ideologues claim to be leading us does not exist, and can never exist, simply because human society requires social order and all social orders involve hierarchy. Once you realize that “equality” is a false goal, you realize that what progressives are actually doing is destroying the existing social order — democracy, economic liberty, the rule of law — with the intention to replace it with a social order controlled by a political elite, with less real liberty for the “masses” and no rule of law to protect the rights of individuals.
It is amazing to me that any American would let these hateful demagogues appealing to prejudice persuade us to embrace their “social justice” swindle, a dishonest scam by which a power-hungry elite seek to defraud us all of our true inheritance, liberty.
Merry Christmas, and may God bless America.
Share this: Share
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Comments
PEMBERTON, N.J. (CBS) — Thursday was one school day, two children will never forget. The siblings got a surprise they never expected.
Their dad, stationed overseas in Afghanistan, returned home early.
Eyewitness News was at Busansky School in Pemberton, NJ for one of the surprises.
With the second graders in Mrs. Stacey Kelly's class wondering why Eyewitness News was in their classroom, Mrs. Kelly and staff at the school came up with a special activity to make sure our cover wasn't blown.
They told the students, they would draw a name out of a hat and the winner would get to play “newscaster” for the day.
The name drawn: Kylie McEntee.
Kylie had no idea her father, who had been serving in Afghanistan for the last year, was about to surprise her in school. Eyewitness News was there to capture the touching reunion.
“She is a very shy, quiet child and I could tell inside, she was bursting and I was bursting all day,” Mrs. Kelly said.
Kylie's father, MSgt. Damian McEntee, an 18-year veteran with the US Air Force, added, “This, I guess, my wife said, the school planned it. It's great. They support the military and I feel really good.”
Kylie has an older brother in middle school, where dad stopped by first.
Rylan McEntee said, “I thought, who is this man? And I looked at him and I saw that it was my dad. And I was happy he was finally home.”
Kylie added she was “Really happy!”
The siblings were happy the entire family was together again. Now with their dad re-assigned, the McEntees will remain together for three more years in Italy.
The family will spend Kylie's 8th birthday in Orlando then move to Italy in April.
Reported by Elizabeth Hur, CBS 3
Hillary Clinton holds a narrow lead over Donald Trump going into the final 48 hours, amid strong signs she has arrested the momentum Trump carried into the final week of the campaign.
Three national surveys released Sunday morning all show Clinton with a low- to mid-single-digit advantage over Trump, with Clinton either holding steady or reversing last week's movement in the polls toward the GOP nominee.
Story Continued Below
Trump continues to struggle to move past a ceiling that has impeded his progress for much of the campaign. At best, he is able to get only to the mid-40s in the polls, boxed in by a firm alignment of nonwhite voters and more-educated whites who have rejected his candidacy since he entered the race in the summer of 2015.
Still, significant numbers of voters are unwilling to get behind Clinton, and her own ceiling remains shy of a majority of the vote that would give her more security going into the final two days of campaigning.
The state polling data remains even more ambiguous. The most reliable poll in Iowa gives Trump a 7-point lead, and the Republican looks poised to return the state to the GOP column for the first time since 2004.
Polls are deadlocked in the vote-rich states of Florida and Ohio. But, on the whole, there are far fewer state polls than at this point even four years ago.
Here's where things stand as of Sunday morning:
National polls show Clinton consistently — though not overwhelmingly — ahead.
The three major national polls out Sunday morning include the final POLITICO/Morning Consult poll (conducted Friday and Saturday), which shows Clinton leading, 45 percent to 42 percent; the final NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll (conducted Thursday through Saturday), which shows Clinton ahead, 44 percent to 40 percent; and the latest ABC News/Washington Post tracking poll (conducted Tuesday through Friday), which has Clinton in front, 48 percent to 43 percent.
All three suggest a result closer than three weeks ago, when Clinton led handily. But they also indicate that the momentum that carried Trump back into contention nationally has stalled.
Clinton's 3-point lead in the POLITICO/Morning Consult poll is unchanged from a week prior, when a separate survey gave the Democrat a 3-point advantage in the days immediately after FBI Director James Comey's letter to Congress roiled the race.
The ABC News/Washington Post tracking poll even suggests Clinton is riding her own modest swell of momentum. Clinton led by just 2 points immediately prior to Comey's letter to Congress, in which he stated the bureau had uncovered additional evidence potentially relevant in the investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of state.
Following that letter, Trump pulled even with Clinton — and even led by a single point in one four-night rolling average of the tracking poll. But after the post-Comey poll showed a dead-even race, the following four-night average now shows the race swinging back to Clinton, 48 percent to 43 percent.
The third national poll is the respected, bipartisan NBC News/Wall Street Journal survey, conducted by gold-standard firms in each party: the Democratic firm Hart Research Associates, and the GOP group Public Opinion Strategies.
That poll has Clinton ahead by 4 points — but with a larger share of undecided and third-party voters. Even among likely voters, Libertarian Gary Johnson is at 6 percent, Green Party nominee Jill Stein is at 2 percent, 1 percent said “none,” 2 percent indicated they would vote for another candidate or write in someone else, 1 percent said they would skip the presidential race and vote in other contests, and 4 percent said they weren't sure for whom they would vote.
The large share of voters not lining up behind Clinton and Trump — underscored by the NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll — suggests volatility unseen in previous presidential elections, despite a consistent Clinton advantage across multiple surveys.
The picture is muddled in the states.
The final weekend of the campaign used to mean a rush of polls in the battleground states, with newspapers and television stations putting out their final numbers.
But not this year. With rising polling costs and shrinking news budgets, the number of polls out this weekend is strikingly low.
The gold-standard poll in Iowa — the Des Moines Register/Mediacom poll conducted by the respected Iowa pollster J. Ann Selzer — gives Trump a 7-point lead, 46 percent to 39 percent. That would flip 6 electoral votes President Barack Obama won in 2012.
The limited state polling is more equivocal in two larger battleground states: Ohio and Florida. Two less-conventional polls in Ohio show the candidates neck-and-neck: Clinton has a 1-point in the Columbus Dispatch's mail survey, and Trump is a point ahead in a CBS News/YouGov online-panel poll.
Another CBS News/YouGov poll, in Florida, shows the two tied at 45 percent.
But as far as live-interview telephone polls surveying voters on both landlines and cellphones, neither state has seen a high-quality poll conducted entirely after Comey's letter on Oct. 28. It's unclear whether any are forthcoming later Sunday or Monday, though early voting in both states offers some clues as to the eventual outcome.
Meanwhile, while the race is closer in some states in which Clinton had been well ahead earlier in the campaign, her blue-state firewall is still holding up. A Muhlenberg College poll conducted for the Allentown Morning Call shows Clinton 6 points ahead in the race for Pennsylvania's 20 electoral votes. And while Trump has suggested he is putting New Mexico's five electoral votes in play, an Albuquerque Journal poll there shows Clinton still 5 points in front.
AS the country struggles to address extreme income inequality and inadequate social mobility, the most venerated colleges are increasingly examining their piece of that puzzle: How can they better identify and enroll gifted, promising students from low-income families, lessening the degree to which campuses perpetuate privilege and making them better engines of advancement?
That discussion just took an interesting turn.
About three weeks ago, a group of more than 80 colleges — including all eight in the Ivy League and many other highly selective private and public ones — announced that they were developing a free website and set of online tools that would, among other things, inform ninth and 10th graders without savvy college advisers about the kind of secondary-school preparation that best positions them for admission.
What's more, these colleges plan to use the website for an application process, in place by next fall, that would be separate from, and competitive with, the “Common App,” a single form students can submit to any of more than 600 schools. If colleges in the new group — which calls itself the Coalition for Access, Affordability and Success — have been taking the Common App, they would continue to, but would clearly be encouraging students to explore this alternate route.
If you know anything about the frenzied, freaked-out world of college admissions these days, you can imagine how much commotion this development generated among obsessed parents, overburdened guidance counselors and others caught up in the whorl. It was something to behold.
Is Turmeric the Natural Remedy for Arthritis & Inflammation?
Added April 28, 2014, Under: Arthritis, Doctors, Health, Inflammation
Everywhere I look on the internet these days, there is someone singing the praises of turmeric – it has become the most important natural remedy to go to. So, it is time to have a good look at it myself. I am especially interested because of its reported effect on inflammation and those conditions that follow such as arthritis.
Research studies on turmeric
One of the most comprehensive summaries of turmeric studies to date was published by the respected ethnobotanist James A. Duke, Phd., in the October 2007 issue of Alternative & Complementary Therapies, and summarized in the July, 2008, issue of the American Botanical Council publication Herb Clip.
According to James Duke and with regard to arthritis and inflammation: “Turmeric contains more than two dozen anti-inflammatory compounds, including six different COX-2-inhibitors (the COX-2 enzyme promotes pain, swelling and inflammation; inhibitors selectively block that enzyme). Curcumin – the component in turmeric most often cited for its healthful effects – is a multifaceted anti-inflammatory agent, and studies of the efficacy of curcumin have demonstrated positive changes in arthritic symptoms“.
I have considerable respect for the GreenMedInfo – and their site reports on many research studies that confirm turmeric is as effective as 14 different pharmaceutical drugs (including combating inflammation) but of course with none of the side effects or high costs. You can see more of what they have to say here.
Why I am taking turmeric
I am not without a vested interest because, a few months ago, I managed to trip up and fall onto my knees when going through a house that was being renovated – it was a minefield of booby traps. One knee did swell up and although I tried arnica cream, keeping it elevated and more, it only improved marginally. I even mentioned it to the local doctor when I had to see her for a referral (for a check up with the eye specialist). She was dismissive, saying what more would I expect with a knee in a woman of my age! Needless to say, I won't be going back to her in a hurry – if at all…
So it must be turmeric to the rescue especially as now the joints in both knees are feeling decidedly cranky – with inflammation being the culprit and perhaps even a bit of arthritis. While inflammation is the normal response of the immune system to help in the healing progress and a sign that the system is undergoing repair, it has gone on a bit too long now. It is when inflammation goes from acute to chronic that it becomes problematic. Of course, I do follow all my own health advice and lifestyle choices but even so things can go wrong.
Recipe for turmeric paste
Although we use turmeric in cooking frequently, I have decided to go for this turmeric recipe to fight the inflammation. It is for a paste that can be kept in the refrigerator for 2 or 3 weeks in a glass air tight container and you take a teaspoon twice a day either on its own or mixed into a drink (more of which later). Just remember that turmeric is a strong yellow color and can stain your clothes and other items if not handled with care.
1/4 cup turmeric
1/2 pure filtered water
Pour most of the water into a pot on the stove top and gently heat, gradually stirring in the turmeric so that it mixes into a paste. Keep stirring and adding water for about 10 minutes. You might find you need extra water to keep it at a creamy paste consistency. When finished, leave to cool before storing in the glass jar.
The taste of turmeric
I find it easy to eat a teaspoon twice a day – it has an earthy not unpleasant taste – and I wash it down with a drink of water and some coconut oil or butter which is ideal for absorption. If you really cannot eat it straight as I do, then here is the video on how to make golden milk.
I have written posts before on arthritis but please may I suggest that, if inflammation and arthritis are a problem for you, you consider taking turmeric on the inside and apply H-Arthritis therapy on the outside along with helpful lifestyle changes. You can obtain turmeric in powder form from your local health store (just as I do) to make into paste or add to your cooking, or there are extracts in tablet and capsule form available in health food stores or online. Look for super critical extracts in dosages of 400 to 600 mg, and take three times daily or as directed.
However you do it, adding turmeric to your diet could be one of the best moves toward optimal health you can make.
Two branches of the Orthodox Church have ignited debate in Georgia and Russia about the possibility of restoring each country's royal family. In the middle of a recent sermon, the head of Georgia's Orthodox Church said that a constitutional monarchy would bring “peacefulness” to Georgia, an idea that was soon after echoed by a high-ranking church official in Moscow who said that the Russian Orthodox Church would play an “active role” in any discussion about restoring Russia's royal family.
It's not the first time that politicians in both countries have expressed nostaligia for the return of each country's monarchy. This spring the regional Russian head of Crimea Sergey Aksenov said on television that “Russia needs a monarchy.” In 2015, a parliament deputy from Russia's leading party even wrote a public letter inviting two Romanov heirs to return to Russia which they accepted, though no other action was taken.
In Georgia, parliament chair Irakli Kobakhidze said he plans to meet with Patriarch Ilia II, the spiritual leader of Georgia's Orthodox Church, to discuss the proposal.
In both countries, the government is closely allied to Orthodox hardliners and the church plays an active role in politics. Both branches of Orthodoxy and family members from the Georgian and Russian royal houses are closely intertwined. Maria Vladimirovna, a 63-year-old resident of Spain who calls herself the head of the Romanov house, is a close relative of David Bagration-Mukhransky, who claims to be the head of the Georgian royal family. Russian Orthodox priests often visit Georgia and organize annual religious “boot camps” with Georgian priests.
However, Vladimir Putin's press secretary Dmitry Peskov said that the Russian president views discussion of restoration “coldly” and “without optimism.”
WASHINGTON — If Republican Roy Moore defeats his Democratic opponent Doug Jones on Tuesday in Alabama, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell won't necessarily be celebrating.
A Moore victory means the majority leader from Kentucky will be able to hold onto his slim two-vote majority, but the former judge brings to the Senate a toxic mix that few Senate Republicans are keen to accept.
Moore, who's been accused by women of sexually touching one when she was 14 years old and of assaulting another when she was 16 years old — both when he was in his 30s — would likely enter the Senate under the cloud of an official ethics investigation into those allegations.
The Senate Ethics Committee could then recommend censure or even expulsion for Moore. But that would put Senate Republicans in the unhappy spot of voting to kick someone out for allegations the people of Alabama knew about before voting for him.
Expelling Moore would likely delight former Trump adviser Stephen Bannon, who's been stumping for Moore and criticizing McConnell as an “establishment” Washington figure who is out of touch with the GOP base. The move to boot out the Alabama people's choice would help Bannon paint a picture of Washington Republicans trampling over the grassroots.
Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., who runs the Senate GOP's campaign fundraising arm, has said he believes the body should vote to expel Moore if he wins Tuesday. But other senators are wrestling with the question, wondering if it would be seen as an overreach.
Republican candidate Roy Moore was seen as a shoo-in for a Senate seat, but allegations that he molested minors decades ago have dealt a blow to his campaign. (Photo: Joe Raedle/AFP) More
“I think that's the tough question,” Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said on “Face the Nation” Sunday. “If the allegations are known prior to the election, which they weren't in the case of Al Franken, for example, then we have a very tough decision to make about whether it's our role as senators to overturn the will of the people.”
But if Moore does remain in the body, he becomes a walking attack ad for any senator who associates with him.
“I'm not going to sugarcoat it, this is a terrible situation that Roy Moore has put Senate Republicans in,” said Alex Conant, a Republican political strategist who worked for Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla. “He won't find a lot of friends in the Senate if he wins. I don't think anyone who ever wants to win a future campaign will want to closely associate with him.”
“He'll be the gift that keeps on giving for Democrats,” Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., told Politico. “If you're running in 2018, Roy Moore's going to be your new best friend.”
Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., one of the more vulnerable Senate Democrats in the next cycle, called Moore's continued candidacy “a real head scratcher.”
The fact that the race looks close in one of the most Republican states in the country — and one that Trump won by 28 points — is a testament to Moore's relative unpopularity. Right now, he leads Jones by just 2.2 points in an average of polls.
A young supporter of Alabama Democrat Doug Jones, who faces an uphill battle in the Senate race against Republican Roy Moore. More
If Moore wins Tuesday, he'll receive an at-best chilly reception from his colleagues. Many of them have publicly called on him to step aside, including the senior senator from Alabama, Richard Shelby, who said he wrote in the name of another Republican in Alabama on his ballot rather than vote for him.
“I'm not going to help him, I'm not even going to vote for him,” Shelby said last week of Moore.
On October 30, Oleg Nikolaenko flew from his home in Moscow to JFK airport, and then on to Las Vegas. He checked in to the Bellagio Hotel, where he attended the Speciality Equipment Market Association car show, a show he had attended last year as well.
Bad move—because the feds nabbed him in Vegas just before the show ended, leaving his wife and young son back in Russia. At a November 4 hearing before a judge in Las Vegas, Nikolaenko needed a Russian interpreter and a public defender, but it didn't take much interpretation to see that he wasn't about to go free. That's because Nikolaenko was one of the biggest spammers in the world.
Nikolaenko doesn't come across in court documents as a man who learns his lessons well. He's allegedly one of the parties behind the Mega-D botnet, at one time "the largest botnet in the world, accounting for 32 percent of all spam," according to the FBI.
Yet he keeps coming to the US. When he was in Vegas for the 2009 car show, a security firm called FireEye actually managed to cripple Mega-D by shutting down its US-based command and control servers and redirecting much of the botnet traffic to "sinkhole" locations. Nikolaenko, poor guy, had to leave the US two days early to "repair the damage caused by FireEye."
So how did the FBI get its man this time around? By busting the US-based distributor of fake Rolex watches who used Mega-D to send a good chunk of his spam. That led them on a trail that culminated in ePassporte, a money transfer service, and they found Nikolaenka's name and e-mail addresses attached to his account.
Nikolaenko had made another mistake: the e-mail accounts were Gmail addresses, and it was no trouble at all for the US to get a subpoena, forcing Google to cough up the account information. FBI agents found copies of the botnet software and much else of interest among the e-mails.
With what they needed in hand, they waited—and it didn't take long for Nikolaenko to enter the US again at JFK. A few phone calls later and he was located at the Bellagio in Vegas. The FBI obtained and then executed an arrest warrant, and now Nikolaenko faces CAN-SPAM Act charges in, of all places, Milwaukee (where the FBI agent tracking him was located).
Regardless of how the Phil Jackson era will be interpreted once Jackson has left the Knicks franchise, he will forever have an enduring footprint. He was the one responsible for Kristaps Porzingis. Amidst the hollow days of the Knicks future with veterans barely hanging on to their prime, Porzingis represents hope for a team that is trying to retain normalcy. They have won four out of the last five games and have wins the last five home games after being manhandled by Utah. The Knicks issues are on the road where they are 1-5. They have given up 117 points, 115 points, 118 and 119 points away from MSG. Not suprisingly, on the year the Knicks defensive rating is 110.1, good for 27th in the league, and they are ranked 27th in defensive effiiciency.
Other numbers. The Knicks are 21st in scoring and 21st in points allowed which is a combination that will get you somewhere in the neighborhood of 40 wins and that may be enough for an 8th seed in the east. The Knicks are 18th in field goal percentage defense. Teams shoot 45.1% against them. They are 22nd in 3-point defense, unable to protect the perimeter in a league dominated by guards scoring on the perimeter. That is a recipe for disaster.
The Knicks aren't a disaster, despite the low numbers on defense. It's not as dismal as it was a few years ago because the Knicks have something they haven't had in a while now: a future.
Kristaps Porzingis, the pick everyone booed on draft night, is having a solid second year to build on his NBA resume. He is a 21 point scorer. Three lottery picks from the 2015 draft class can say the same. Karl-Anthony Towns. Devin Booker. And Porzingis. His 21.0 points are a result of 50.2% shot making. He has improved his 3-point shooting and is at 39.0%. His 7.3 rebounds are nearly the same number as his rookie season. However, he should be in the 7.5-8.4 rebounds territory. He is blocking over a shot a game when last year he blocked nearly two shots per game. His PER of 21.9 is the highest on the team and yet his defense needs work.
Can we all admit that with Porzingis in the top 5 of the lottery, Phil Jackson knew what he was doing?
Porzingis is frequently compared to Dirk Nowitzki and here are the numbers in Nowitzki's second year.
Year 2 Minutes Points 3-Point % Rebounds Offensive Rating Dirk Nowitzki 35.8 17.5 37.9% 6.5 112 Kristaps Porzingis 32.9 21.0 39.0% 7.3 121
In Hornacek's offense, Porzingis is playing four more minutes than he played his rookie year. He is taking 2.6 more shots. What is his skill level?
He's okay with his catch and shoot jumper, 40.9%. But everything else, he is elite level. 44.7% on pull ups. 64.6% when he is within ten feet of the rim. The most impressive thing about Porzingis and what puts him on the track of All-Star is he makes contested shots. It doesn't matter how tightly or how loosely he is guarded. He scores regardless. His seven foot frame works for him ala Dirk. He is a tough cover.
Are the Knicks depending on him in the offense though? Have they transitioned away from featuring Carmelo to featuring Porzingis?
This is what the numbers say. Carmelo Anthony touches the ball on average 58 times a game and dribbles 1.72 times he touches it. Kristaps Prozingist touches the ball 58 times a game and dribbles .40 times he touches it. (Derrick Rose's touches are 77 times a game with 3.42 dribbles).
It is great news for the Knicks going forward that they are easing back on the Carmelo dominance and making Porzingis an equal partner. It hasn't resulted in wins because the three players who touch the ball the most, Rose, Anthony and Porzingis aren't good defenders.
Derrick Rose has a defensive rating of 113; while he is on the floor, his team will give up 113 points. Carmelo Anthony's defensive ratings is 111. Kristaps Porzingis defensive rating is 110. That is the reason the Knicks can't compete on a night to night basis, particularly on the road. The players with the ball in their hands the most are not grinding it out on the defensive end.
That has to improve. As for Porzingis, he is just getting better. It will be of note how he manages his fatigue. Last year after the All-Star break, he looked gassed. But as of right now he is looking sensational. He had 35 and 7 in a game against the Pistons. He played 40 minutes and shot 59% and drilled 42% of his threes. The game before that, against a horrible Mavericks team, and with Nowitzki in street clothes, he had a double-double, 24 and 11. He had 27 points on 66% shooting in Chicago and 57% from three. Two nights later, his 28 points was a result of 42.9% from three against a tough defensive minded Utah team. Against the Hawks, in 30 minutes, he had a double-double. He played 39 minutes against the Blazers and recorded 31 points and 9 rebounds.
It's one thing to call someone the steal of the draft their rookie year. It's altogether different to call them better a year later.
How does Porzingis stack up to Karl-Anthony Towns in year two?
Who is Going to Be An All-Star First? Points FG% Rebounds Blocks Win % Karl-Anthony Towns 21.3 50.6% 9.4 1.4 28.6% Kristaps Porzingis 21.0 50.2% 7.3 1.1 50.0%
If and when Jackson leaves the Knicks, he will leave his legacy behind. That legacy won't be the title he hoped for. And it won't be a Warriors-like offensively dominant club. Phil Jackson will leave behind, perhaps, the greatest draft pick of his NBA career. Kristaps Porzingis.
photo via llananba
Okay, how did Black Blood of the Earth happen?
Or skip my blather and go look at the goods!
THE COLLEGE YEARS
At some point, all of us start wondering how much coffee we can drink before our hearts explode. This typically happens when we are up, very late, in college with either the panic of a final the next day or have nothing particularly better to do than try to achieve acute caffiene poisoning. What do you mean you haven't done this? Liar. You're letting yourself down and making Baby Jesus (ten time running All American Most Valuable Jesus) cry.
My first foray into this arena involved a winter quarter introductory physics final exam. I had been gifted with a friend's surplus espresso machine that I'd barely used, not being much of a coffee fan at that time. Also, all of us freshmen had received a gift box (sub-category: male) full of useful “male” things. One of these useful things was a packet with two No-Doze in it. I had six apartment mates and none of them had used anything other than condoms from their kits yet (as a physics major, which is tantamount to a degree in abstinence, my condoms had gone decidely unused).
Figuring that this was going to be long night of cramming before the test, I collected everyone's No-Doze and broke out the espresso maker. At 8pm I prepared a bowl of macaroni, popped two No-Doze, and washed it all down with the first quadruple mocha of the evening. Around 1am, I figured I'd better repeat the 8pm dosage. At 4am, I had two more No-Doze. At 6am, worried that I wasn't feeling any caffeine kicking in, I popped four more and had another pot of espresso. The fact that I was still awake at 6am should have been a hint to me but I'd sailed far beyond the horizons of sanity by that time. The final began at 8am.
I sat in the front row of Thimann Lecture Hall 3, right leg bouncing. I was politely asked to take a quick lap around the building as I was vibrating the entire row of firmly bolted chairs. I then sat down for my test and completed the three hour exam in a mere twenty five minutes, scoring a 93%. I then had lunch with same friend mentioned in the “Origins of Funranium” car ride, introduced her to Sempervirens Falls in Big Basin State Park, drove back to my apartment and then promptly collapsed into bed, sleeping for 23 hours. I woke up with a more fiendish hangover than I'd ever experienced before or since. The body does not appreciate overexposure to caffeine any more than it does to alcohol. I didn't touch a cup of coffee again for over a decade.
MISAPPLICATION OF SCIENTIFIC APPARATUS
Fast forward 14 years. An acquaintance working and living in Japan went on holiday and discovered a bar with this exceptionally beautiful rig for the preparation of Viennese Triple Cold Extraction Coffee. Upon sampling this, he felt that, and I quote, “I could see colors that weren't in the visible spectrum, and could vibrate through walls.” I looked at this I said to myself, “Hey, you've got enough virgin laboratory glassware lying around the house that you could probably build something like that.” Probably several somethings, actually, but that's beside the point.
The first important question was “How do I get a coffee filter into my separatory funnels?” This sticking point and the more important one of dealing with pressure cementing of coffee in the tip made preparation with the admittedly beautiful separatory funnels difficult. See Figure 2.
After several failed attempts, true glory was met by the third iteration of the experiment where I started by putting the grind in a 4L Erlenmeyer flask, covered it with a watch glass, and let it stand for a day. By my calculations, I produced the equivalent of 145 cups of conventional coffee's worth of caffeine in 5.7 cups of volume. I was terrified by the idea of passing Batch 3 through this entire process two more times to achieve the coffee that my acquaintance had in Japan. Later, I realized that this was actually a very lossy process that could stand a great deal of improvement. I quickly moved beyond my failed apparatus and the original cold brew rig; there were improvements to be made…
INITIAL HUMAN TRIALS
The results of one pass, undiluted, of Batch 3 were remarkable:
Subject 1 (Not A Whale Biologist) showed wakefulness but no other untoward effects. He declared the coffee to be “tasty”.
Subject 2 (Astrophysicist II, Electric Boogaloo) who consumed Batch 3, was similarly unphased.
Subject 3 (The World) had several sips of Batch 3 prior to breakfast with two cups of Baker's Square coffee and followed it with the remainder of the Batch 3 mug upon return. She entered a state of hyperactivity requiring “walkies” outside, rapid speech, and much bouncing from one foot to another prior to complete burnout and crash for a period of an hour. Full recovery was made within three hours.
Subject 4 (Personal Hawaiian), had 1/4 of a cup of Batch 3 upon arrival at my house, though anectodal evidence suggests she had consumed 3 cups of “Big Island Style” coffee in the morning beforehand. She exhibited hypervigilance, emitting high pitched yelps and squeaks at the slightest noise or startling movement. She too showed the same nervous energy of Subject 3 with similar crash, though not as severe.
Subject 5 (My father) added his 100mL of Batch 3 to his half empty cup of coffee as a top off. No noticable effects. He described the coffee as “good”.
Strangley, both Subjects 3 & 4 reported a sensation of time contraction where four hours of elapsed time seemed to be no more than one hour of subjective time, tops.
NAMING THE CREATION
When Subject 1's cup of unadulterated was half empty, he grabbed his water bottle and poured the remainder into his clear glass coffee cup. He looks at it and then puts his hand up because He Needs An Adult. He said with concern, “I added water but it didn't change color.” We all wandered over to peek into the dark heart of his mug. Even diluted to 50% of the original strength, it is still as black, oily, and potentially lethal as a tar pit.
While accurate, this can't merely be called Scientific Coffee or even Weapons Grade Coffee. My brain went searching for terms that accurately described this creation. While the tar entity that killed Tasha Yar in ST:TNG came to mind, John Carpenter's “Big Trouble In Little China” is what stuck. This coffee is the Black Blood Of The Earth (or BBotE for the sake of brevity).
REFINING THE TECHNIQUE
Experimentation with fineness of grind led me to attempt Turkish with the reasonable scientific approach that more surface area should improve extraction. Unfortunately, the sediment and thoroughly extracted oils are quite sufficient to completely plug filter paper such that even air has a hard time passing. In the Iteration 2 process, I was squeezing the filter to get every last bit of liquid out, the paper would form these glossy black boils. I like to imagine that if Chlthuloid horrors had acne, it would look like that. With just a bit extra pressure, a fine jet of sludge sprang forth from the eldritch zit, flying several feet across the kitchen, staining all it touched…including skin.
While I initially vowed to never make the black blood with a Turkish grind again, it appears that this was primarily a matter of operator error. Subsequent BBotE batches with the remainder of my Turkish grind, since I wasn't going to waste it, showed that I just hadn't found the finesse to handle the extraction of a grind that fine. Live and learn, practice makes perfect, and all that. I have also become accustomed to hands perpetually stained by coffee, much like a henna tattoo or the grease ingrained in a car mechanic's fingers.
I also did an experiment with a batch of French Vanilla flavored coffee. As one might expect, an extraction process extracts things, such as flavoring oils. All the vanilla oil that had been added to the coffee was quite thoroughly extracted and completely saturated the initial filters. Of course, as I decanted the BBotE some of those oils volatilzed and left my kitchen/lab reeking as if it were a cathouse where all the ladies of negotiable affection rubbed themselves vigorously with International Cafe. I let the first filter dry out for a couple days and then, in the interest of science, lit it on fire. It didn't quite go up as fast as flash paper, but it did leave the most remarkable vanilla *WOOOF* aroma in its wake. No, I shant be making BBotE with flavored coffees ever again.
TERROIR MATTERS
While I am normally loathe to agree with the elitism that causes champagne made outside of Champagne to be called sparkling wine, I do admit that source materials matter tremendously when making a concentrate like BBotE. Part of my abstaining from coffee for over a decade was due to the horrible bitterness and acidity of conventional coffee. It wasn't until 2006 when I visitied the Captain Cook, HI co-op coffee roastery and HI Department of Agriculture demonstration station that I consumed coffee that I liked, rather than having to mask it beneath cream and sugar. The following year, I spent two weeks in Italy eating pizza Margarita every lunch, drinking fine cappuccino every morning and fine gelato in the evening. Unfortunately, back at home I was having a hard time finding coffee that didn't need to be turned into treacle to make it drinkable.
Then I received my diagnosis as a Type II diabetic. I could no longer add sugar in the quantity necessary to make coffee from the cafe next door drinkable, but if I didn't drink coffee I was in danger of not being able to actually stay awake through a morning of wrangling x-ray machines and radioactive materials. Experimentation began in earnest with BBotE as it promised to eliminate what I couldn't stand the most about normal percolation coffee, bitterness and acidity.
So far I have done single source origin BBotE with Bolivian, Brazilian, Jamaican Blue Mountain, Panama, Puerto Rico, Ecuador, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ethiopian Yirgacheffe, Mt. Kenya AA, Kona, Papua New Guinea, Sumatra, and Yemeni Sanaa (EDIT: hooboy, since this was first written in 2010 I've experimented with much, much more than this short list).
PRODUCTION OUTPUT
Considering that I lack my own roaster and like to leave that variable of production to people with more expertise in this matter than myself, I produce the Black Blood of the Earth on fairly small scale. At this time, output is limited to approximately 9 liters per day. Luckily, BBotE keeps remarkably well, roughly three months by longevity tests. Some happy Test Subjects have kept their BBotE in a miserly manner and claim it is still tasty after five. Me…I'm hard pressed to keep a liter longer than three weeks.
Enough blather! Go look at the goods!
Winnipeg teacher Brad Badiuk was suspended from teaching at Kelvin High School for a time after making controversial remarks about indigenous people on Facebook in December 2014. (Facebook) A Manitoba indigenous leader has dropped a lawsuit against a high school teacher over Facebook comments that called aboriginal people lazy.
Grand Chief Derek Nepinak of the Assembly of Manitoba Chiefs said Tuesday he received an apology from Brad Badiuk during a mediation ceremony the two attended, helped by an elder.
"We employed some traditional ceremonial methodology in terms of sitting down and resolving the issue," Nepinak said.
"It was basically a circle where we sat down with our medicines, we did prayer and we had an exchange of ideas. Brad had the opportunity to share some of the issues that I think perhaps contributed to the way he conveyed himself on social media."
Badiuk, a technology teacher at Kelvin High School in Winnipeg, was placed on leave more than a year ago, after comments were posted on his Facebook page that accused First Nations people of being lazy and seeking free money from non-aboriginals.
Some of the comments were directed specifically at Nepinak and suggested he wanted to "get his hands"' on other people's money.
The comments made national headlines and were denounced by people including Murray Sinclair, head of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission.
Nepinak filed a statement of claim that alleged the comments defamed all indigenous persons.
The Winnipeg School Division investigated the matter and has consistently refused to release any details on how it dealt with Badiuk. His name does not appear on the current staff list at Kelvin.
"We are committed to providing a safe and inclusive working and learning environment for all of our students and our staff," division spokesperson Radean Carter wrote in an email Tuesday.
"As such, we believe all (division) staff have the right to confidentiality. Therefore, we have no further information to share on this issue at this time."
Attempts to reach Badiuk were unsuccessful. His Facebook page was taken down soon after the comments came to light.
Nepinak said Badiuk agreed to learn more about aboriginal history.
"I was satisfied that there was sincerity in how Mr. Badiuk approached the issue and we walked away from the courtroom without actually having to go there," he said.
"I believe that, as part of reconciliation, we have to recognize oftentimes that going straight to the courtroom — or into a litigation environment where we lawyer up — is not always going to lead to resolutions that are going to satisfy all parties involved."
Stephen K. Bannon, left, chief strategist to President-elect Donald Trump, is shown during a roundtable at Trump Tower in Manhattan on Aug. 25. (Carlo Allegri/Reuters)
The Hollywood Reporter is out with a new profile of President-elect Donald Trump's chief White House strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, and it features plenty of colorful quotes.
One quote, in particular, sticks out. And it's liable to make House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) choke on his cheese curds:
“Like [Andrew] Jackson's populism, we're going to build an entirely new political movement,” [Bannon] says. “It's everything related to jobs. The conservatives are going to go crazy. I'm the guy pushing a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan. With negative interest rates throughout the world, it's the greatest opportunity to rebuild everything. shipyards, iron works, get them all jacked up. We're just going to throw it up against the wall and see if it sticks. It will be as exciting as the 1930s, greater than the Reagan revolution — conservatives, plus populists, in an economic nationalist movement.”
That $1 trillion price tag on Bannon's infrastructure plan isn't exactly news; when CNBC hosts threw out the number $500 billion during an August interview, Trump said, “You need a lot more than that to do it right.” And he said in his most recent book that infrastructure problems require “a trillion-dollar rebuilding program.”
Trump has also echoed Bannon's rhetoric about borrowing extensively to make it happen. He said in that CNBC interview: “The interest rates are so low, I mean, the numbers are so low, that yes this is a time to borrow and borrow long-term. So that we have the money and rebuild our infrastructure.” And top Trump economic adviser Tom Barrack has suggested this borrowing could add $10 trillion to the current $19 trillion national debt.
The Post's Robert Costa and Paul Farhi discuss the appointments by President-elect Donald Trump of Stephen K. Bannon as chief strategist and senior counselor and Reince Priebus as chief of staff. (Bastien Inzaurralde/The Washington Post)
As I've noted before, Trump is not a small-government Republican. He's shown a real willingness to spend heavily to Make America Great Again — deficits and national debt be damned.
But Bannon's quote really drives that home. While Trump's policy proposals have been known to oscillate depending on the day and his audience, this appears to be part of Bannon's grand vision for a Trump presidency. Bannon will be driving the bus.
And not only does he talk about spending $1 trillion on infrastructure and borrowing extensively, he's also comparing what they're planning to do to the New Deal, which expanded the role of government in American life greatly. And he says “conservatives are going to go crazy.”
[Trump's embrace of Bannon sparks divisions, angst among Jewish groups]
One of the more undersold questions of the new Trump presidency is precisely how much Ryan and other fiscal conservatives are going to go along with Trump's agenda if he does push for massive spending packages that aren't paid for — because the scope of what Trump's talking about, despite his protesting to the controversy, can't merely be offset by cutting “waste, fraud and abuse.” It will mean trillions in new debt.
We pretty much know that Democrats are going to stand in the way of whatever Trump puts forward. But when it comes to things like massive infrastructure spending (that is nearly four times what Hillary Clinton was proposing, by the way), it's much easier to see Trump forging an alliance with them than getting fiscally conservative deficit hawks to come on board.
Many of the congressional Republicans have been resolute when it comes to making sure President Obama's legislative priorities are paid for. If they take the same approach to Trump's presidency, there could be plenty of clashes ahead.
Canada should immediately release a man who has been imprisoned for eight years over immigration violations, says a United Nations human rights monitoring body. “The inability of a state party to carry out the expulsion of an individual does not justify detention beyond the shortest period of time or where there are alternatives to detention, and under no circumstances indefinite detention,” said the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights' Working Group on Arbitrary Detentions.
Michael Mvogo, shown in an image taken from a photocopy, has been held without charge in a Canadian detention centre for eight years. He hasn't been deported because officials were unable for a long time to confirm his identity, and Cameroon, the country he revealed he is from, won't issue him documents.
The opinion, released this week, is in response to a complaint by advocates on behalf of the immigration detainee, Michael Mvogo, who has been held since his arrest in 2006 at a Toronto homeless shelter. It is the first such opinion issued in a case involving Canada since 1994, when records started. Although the Canadian government is not bound by the UN opinion to release Mvogo, the End Immigration Detention Network hopes it can pressure Ottawa to change its current immigration detention policy and align with other countries by limiting the detention to 90 days. “Immigrants are regularly held in prison pending deportation while authorities attempt to verify their identity or gather travel documents from countries of origin,” said Macdonald Scott, Mvogo's legal counsel, who plans to release the UN opinion at a Toronto news conference Thursday.
Article Continued Below
“This UN ruling adds to a growing chorus of voices that insists that those are not sufficient grounds for detentions. They should simply not take place.” Arriving Canada in 2005 on a fraudulent American passport under the name of Andrea Jerome Walker, Mvogo's story represents the dilemma faced by both border officials and many immigration detainees who do not see their release coming any time soon. Canadian officials have made numerous attempts to deport him to the United States, Haiti and Guinea, where he was allegedly linked. His fingerprints were later matched with individuals with records in Haiti and Spain. In January 2011, the 46-year-old revealed his “true identity” to immigration officials as Michael Mvogo from the Republic of Cameroon, which has refused to issue him a travel document to return there. While advocates have criticized Mvogo's indefinite detention as arbitrary and unjustified, Canadian authorities said due process is followed under the immigration legislation to review an individual's detention every 30 days. Decisions of the reviews are also subject to federal court scrutiny.
“The UN is basically saying that the detention review and judicial review processes that Canada uses to justify all immigration detention do not pass muster,” said Syed Hussan of the End Immigration Detention Network. “This UN opinion is another nail in the coffin on any claim to integrity in the immigration detention system. Immigration detention is unjust jail without trial or charge. It must end.”
Article Continued Below
According to immigration enforcement officials, there are about 600 individuals in immigration detention on any given day; about one-tenth of them have been held for more than a year awaiting deportation. In 2012, a total of 9,571 people were held for breaking the immigration laws. Mvogo is one of the two men held the longest; Victor Vinnetou has been held for 10 years because officials are still unsure of his identity.
Read more about:
While no, otherkin are not oppressed, currently, otherkin are most certainly discriminated against.
“But-”
No buts. We are being actively discriminated against by a community that believes us to be delusional, deceptive, attention seeking, and worthless. We are being attacked by a community that sometimes, quite literally believes we should be
-killed
-harmed
-neglected and abused as children
-forcibly sterilized
-forcibly admitted to mental institutions
-forced away from our spiritual beliefs and coping mechanisms
-forcibly selected as organ donors
-and much, much, more
Now, while I'm not going to compare our own battles to the struggles of those of other minorities (especially as someone has yet to be killed for being otherkin, though it will undoubtably happen someday), I am going to say that if we were a race, gender, or sexual orientation, this wouldn't be something people would stand for.
This is, however, a huge problem. A completely huge problem. This is largely due to the amount of misinformation going around about us. You know, things like your common “otherkin are delusional,” “otherkin don't know they're human,” and “otherkin are just looking for attention.” We've all heard them. We've all dealt with them. It comes with this identity. I have no doubt that someone will latch onto this post and lob similar insults.
What I don't understand is how after everything they've done to us, we're still the bad guys. It isn't like this is some small minority of antikin, either. This is quite a large chunk of them. We've done nothing to harm them. NOTHING. This unprovoked hatred is completely unacceptable, and we have no reason to just sit back and take it anymore.
This needs to change. This really needs to change.
Image copyright Wales News Service Image caption Ched Evans was accompanied to court by his fiancee Natasha Massey during his retrial
The law protecting alleged rape victims from disclosing details of their sex lives will be reviewed in the wake of Wales footballer Ched Evans's case.
The Chesterfield striker, 27, was cleared of rape at retrial last month.
Accusers do not normally have to disclose sexual history details to defence barristers, but the Court of Appeal said this case was exceptional.
Home Office minister Baroness Williams said concerns "should be looked at and we intend to deal with it".
In 2012, Mr Evans was found guilty of raping a 19-year-old woman in a hotel room in Rhuddlan, Denbighshire, the previous year. He served half of a five-year prison term.
That conviction was quashed on appeal in April and he was found not guilty of the same charge at the subsequent retrial after details of the complainant's sexual history were heard in court.
Baroness Williams told peers on Tuesday this was only permitted when "a strict set of criteria are met".
She added: "We are aware of the recent concern about the admissibility of a complainant's sexual history and wider perceptions about the law."
Lady Justice Hallett ruled Mr Evans's was a "rare" case in which it would be appropriate to allow "forensic examination" of the woman's sexual behaviour.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Ched Evans was signed by Chesterfield after his rape conviction was quashed but before his retrial and subsequent acquittal
Mr Evans, a former Wales international who was capped 13 times, always denied having sex with the woman while she was too drunk to consent.
He insisted she had agreed to let him "join in" while she was having consensual sex with fellow footballer Clayton McDonald, 27 - who was cleared of rape at the original trial - after a night out in Rhyl.
At Mr Evans's retrial, two other men said the complainant used similar phrases during sex to those the defence said were used when she had sex with Mr Evans and Mr McDonald.
Section 41 of the Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act 1999 imposes tight restrictions on details of an alleged victims' sexual past being presented in court, other than in exceptional circumstances.
Calls for a report into the operation of the legislation were made during the committee stage of the Policing and Crime Bill in the House of Lords.
Lord Marks, a Liberal Democrat peer and QC, said: "The point here and the point that we seek to have reviewed is whether, as a result of the Ched Evans case, there might be cases where the restrictive nature of Section 41 has or may be watered down and we need to look at how its operating.
"It is very important that rape gets reported and it is very important that the legislation in place is certainly as restrictive as we always thought Section 41 was and as the textbooks say it is.
"And the public concern is that this case seems to have weakened that protection."
PHILADELPHIA - To cap off the 2016 Alumni Weekend, which already featured Jim Thome being inducted to the Phillies Wall of Fame and Randy Wolf retiring Saturday, Placido Polanco officially retired as a Phillie Sunday.
Polanco, who had two stints with the Phillies from 2002-05 and then again from 2010-2012, threw out a ceremonial first pitch prior to Sunday's series finale against the Coloardo Rockies.
“It's very special,” Polanco said of returning to Philadelphia to retire as a Phillie. “It's a very special place where I have a lot of good memories, a lot of good friends, too. It's a great organization. It's a first-class organization that has treated me very well both times around.”
In parts of seven total seasons with the Phillies Polanco, who spent more time with Philadelphia than any other team, he hit .289 with 365 runs scored and 281 RBIs.
The 16-year MLB veteran talked about some of his most memorable moments as a Phillies, which included Roy Halladay's no-hitter in the playoffs and perfect game and Jim Thome's 400th career home run. Immediately following the game in which Thome reached the milestone, Thome signed his cleats and put them in Polanco's locker.
Now that Polanco's retired as a player he's going to focus on what he's been doing, spending time with his kids. He said he'd eventually work in baseball again and one day maybe manage.
smgross@mcall.com
Twitter @SteveGrossMCall
by
In the middle of the 70s, Ariel Sharon asked me to arrange something for him – a meeting with Yasser Arafat.
A few days before, the Israeli media had discovered that I was in regular contact with the leadership of the PLO, which was listed at the time as a terrorist organization.
I told Sharon that my PLO contacts would probably ask what he intended to propose to the Palestinians. He told me that his plan was to help the Palestinians to overthrow the Jordanian monarchy, and turn Jordan into a Palestinian state, with Arafat as its president.
“What about the West Bank?” I asked.
“Once Jordan becomes Palestine, there will no longer be a conflict between two peoples, but between two states. That will be much easier to resolve. We shall find some form of partition, territorial or functional, or we shall rule the territory together.”
My friends submitted the request to Arafat, who laughed it off. But he did not miss the opportunity to tell King Hussein about it. Hussein disclosed the story to a Kuwaiti newspaper, Alrai, and that's how it came back to me.
Sharon's plan was revolutionary at the time. Almost the entire Israeli establishment – including Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and Defense Minister Shimon Peres – believed in the so-called “Jordanian option”: the idea that we must make peace with King Hussein. The Palestinians were either ignored or considered arch-enemies, or both.
Five years earlier, when the Palestinians in Jordan were battling the Hashemite regime there, Israel came to the aid of the king at the request of Henry Kissinger. I proposed the opposite in my magazine: to aid the Palestinians. Sharon later told me that he, a general at the time, had asked the General Staff to do the same, though for a different end. My idea was to create a Palestinian state in the West Bank, his was to create it in the East Bank.
(The idea of turning Jordan into Palestine has a generally unknown linguistic background. In Hebrew usage, “Eretz Israel” is the land on both sides of the Jordan River, where the ancient Hebrew tribes settled according to the Biblical myth. In Palestinian usage, “Filastin” is only the land on the West side of the river. Therefore is quite natural for ignorant Israelis to ask the Palestinians to set up their state beyond the Jordan. For Palestinians, that means setting up their state abroad.)
At the time, Sharon was in political exile.
In 1973 he left the army, after realizing that he had no chance of becoming Chief of Staff. This may seem odd, since he was already recognized as an outstanding battlefield commander. The trouble was that he was also known as an insubordinate officer, who despised his superiors and his peers (as well as everybody else.) Also, his relationship with the truth was problematical. David Ben-Gurion wrote in his diary that Sharon could be an exemplary military officer, if only he could abstain from lying.
When he left the army, Sharon almost single-handedly created the Likud by unifying all the right-wing parties. That's when I chose him the first time as Haolam Hazeh's Man of the Year and wrote a large biographical article about him. A few days later, the Yom Kippur War broke out, and Sharon was drafted back into the army. His part in it is considered by many as pure genius, by others as a story of insubordination and luck. A photo of him with his head bandaged became his trademark, though it was only a slight wound caused by hitting his head on his command vehicle. (To be fair, he was really wounded in battle, like me, in 1948.)
After the Yom Kippur war, the argument about his part in that war became the center of “the battle of the generals”. He started to visit me at my home to explain his moves, and we became quite friendly.
He left the Likud when he realized that he could not become its leader as long as Menachem Begin was around. He started to chart his own course. That's when he asked for the meeting with Arafat.
He was thinking about creating a new party, neither right nor left, but led by him and “outstanding personalities” from all over the political landscape. He invited me to join, and we had long conversations at his home.
I must explain here that for a long time I had been looking for a person with military credentials to lead a large united peace camp. A leader with such a background would make it much easier for us to gain public support for our aims. Sharon fitted the recipe. (As Yitzhak Rabin did later.) Yet during our conversations it became clear to me that he had basically remained a right-winger.
In the end Sharon set up a new party called Shlomtzion (“Peace of Zion”), which was a dismal failure on election day. The next day, he rejoined the Likud.
The Likud had won the elections and Begin became Prime Minister. If Sharon had hoped to be appointed Minister of Defense, he was soon disabused. Begin did not trust him. Sharon looked like a general who might organize a coup. The powerful new Finance Minister said that if Sharon became commander-in-chief, he would “send his tanks to surround the Knesset.”
(There was a joke making the rounds at the time: Defense Minister Sharon would call for a meeting of the General Staff and announce: “Comrades, tomorrow morning at 06.00 we take over the government!” For a moment the audience was dumfounded, and then it broke out into riotous laughter.)
However, when Begin's preferred Defense Minister, the former Air Force chief Ezer Weizman, resigned, Begin was compelled to appoint Sharon as his successor. For the second time I chose Sharon as Haolam Hazeh's Man of the Year. He took this very seriously and sat with me for many hours, in several meetings at his home and office, in order to explain his ideas.
One of them, which he expounded at the same time to the US strategic planners, was to conquer Iran. When Ayatollah Khomeini dies, he said, there will begin a race between the Soviet Union and the US to determine who will arrive first on the scene and take over. The US is far away, but Israel can do the job. With the help of heavy arms that the US will store in Israel well before, our army will be in full possession before the Soviets move. He showed me the detailed maps of the advance, hour by hour and day by day.
This was typical Sharon, His vision was wide and all-embracing. His listener was left breathless, comparing him to the ordinary little politicians, devoid of vision and breadth. But his ideas were generally based on abysmal ignorance of the other side, and therefore came to naught.
***
At the same time, nine months before the Lebanon War, he disclosed to me his Grand Plan for a new Middle East of his making. He allowed me to publish it, provided I did not mention him as the source. He trusted me.
Basically it was the same as the one he wanted to propose to Arafat.
The army would invade Lebanon and drive the Palestinians from there to Syria, from whence the Syrians would drive them into Jordan. There the Palestinians would overthrow the king and establish the State of Palestine.
The army would also drive the Syrians out of Lebanon. In Lebanon Sharon would choose a Christian officer and install him as dictator. Lebanon would make official peace with Israel and in effect become a vassal state.
I duly published all this, and nine months later Sharon invaded Lebanon, after lying to Begin and the cabinet about his aims. But the war was a catastrophe, both militarily and politically.
Militarily it was a demonstration of “the Peter principle” – the brilliant battle commander was a miserable strategist. No unit of the Israeli army reached its objective on time, if at all. The Israeli-installed dictator, Bachir Gemayel, was assassinated. His brother and successor signed a peace treaty with Israel, which has been completely forgotten by now. The Syrians remained in Lebanon for many years to come. The Israeli army extricated itself after a guerrilla war that lasted 18 full years, during which the despised and downtrodden Shiites in Israeli-occupied South Lebanon became the dominant political force in the country.
And, worst of all, in order to induce the Palestinians to flee, Sharon let the barbarous Christian Phalangists into the Palestinian refugee camps Sabra and Shatila, where they committed a terrible massacre. Hundreds of thousands of outraged Israelis protested in Tel Aviv, and Sharon was dismissed from the defense ministry.
At the height of the Battle of Beirut I crossed the lines and met with Yasser Arafat, who had become Sharon's Nemesis. Since then, Sharon and I did not exchange a single word, not even greeting each other.
* * *
It looked like the end of Sharon's career. But for Sharon, every end was a new beginning.
One of his media vassals, Uri Dan (who had started his career in Haolam Hazeh) once coined a prophetic phrase: “Those who don't want him as Chief of Staff, will get him as Minister of Defense. Those who don't want him as Minister of Defense, will get him as Prime Minister.” Today one could add: “Those who did not want him as Prime Minister, are getting him as a national icon.”
An ex-general, Yitzhak Ben-Israel, told me yesterday: “He was an Imperator!” I find this a very apt description.
Like a Roman imperator, Sharon was a supreme being, admired and feared,
generous and cruel, genial and treacherous, hedonistic and corrupt, a victorious general and a war criminal, quick to make decisions and unwavering once he had made them, overcoming all obstacles by sheer force of personality.
One could not meet him without being struck by the sense of power he emanated. Power was his element.
He believed that destiny had chosen him to lead Israel. He did not think so – he knew. For him, his personal career and the fate of Israel were one and the same. Therefore, anyone who tried to block him was a traitor to Israel. He despised everyone around him – from Begin down to the last politician and general.
His character was formed in his early childhood in Kfar Malal, a communal village which belonged to the Labor party. His mother, Vera, managed the family farm with an iron will, quarreling with all the neighbors, the village institutions and the party. When little Arik was injured in a fall on a pitchfork, she did not take him to the village clinic, which she hated, but put him on a donkey and led him for several kilometers to a doctor in Kfar Saba.
When rumor had it that the Arabs in neighboring villages were planning an attack, little Arik was hidden in a haystack.
Later in life, when his mother (who still managed the farm) visited his new ranch and saw a low wall with holes for irrigation, she exclaimed: “Ah, you have embrasures! Very good, you can shoot through them at the Arabs!”
How could a poor army officer acquire the largest ranch in the country? Simple: he got it as a gift from an Israeli-American billionaire, with the help of the finance minister. Several dubious large deals with other billionaires followed.
* * *
Sharon was the most typical Israeli one could imagine, embodying the saying (to which I modestly claim authorship): “If force does not work, try more force.”
I was therefore very surprised when he came out in favor of the law dispensing with the military service of tens of thousands of orthodox youngsters. “How can you?” I asked him. His answer: “I am first of all a Jew, and only after that an Israeli!” I told him that for me it was the other way round.
Ideologically, he was the pupil and successor of David Ben-Gurion and Moshe Dayan, leaders who believed in military force and in expanding the territory of Israel without limit. His military career started for real in the 1950s when Moshe Dayan put him in charge of an unofficial outfit called Unit 101, which was sent across the border to kill and destroy, in retaliation for similar actions committed by Arabs. His most famous exploit was the massacre of Qibya village in 1953, when 49 innocent villagers were buried under the houses which he blew up.
Later, when requested to put an end to “terrorism” in Gaza, he killed every Arab who was caught with arms. When I later asked him about killing prisoners, he answered: “I did not kill prisoners. I did not take prisoners!”
At the beginning of his career as commander he was a bad general. But from war to war he improved. Unusual for a general, he learned from his mistakes. In the 1973 war he was already considered the equal of Erwin Rommel and George Patton. It also became known that between the battles he gorged himself on seafood, which is not kosher.
The main endeavor of his life was the settlement enterprise. As army officer, politician and successively chief of half a dozen different ministries, his central effort was always to plan and set up settlements in the occupied territories.
He did not care whether they were legal or illegal under Israeli law (all of them, of course, are illegal under international law, for which he did not give a damn).
He planned their location, with the aim of cutting the West Bank into ribbons which would make a Palestinian state impossible. Then he rammed it through the cabinet and the ministries. Not for nothing was he nicknamed “the Bulldozer”.
The “Israel Defense Army” (its official Hebrew name) turned into the “Settlers Defense Army”, sinking slowly in the morass of the occupation.
However, when settlements obstructed his plans, he had no compunction about destroying them. When he was in favor of peace with Egypt, in order to concentrate on the war with the Palestinians, he destroyed the entire town of Yamit in North Sinai and the adjacent settlements. Later he did the same to the settlements in the Gaza Strip, attracting the enduring hatred of the settlers, his erstwhile proteges. He acted like a general who is ready to sacrifice a brigade to improve his overall strategic position.
* * *
When he died last week, after lying in a coma for eight years, he was eulogized by the very people he despised, and turned into a shallow folk hero. The Ministry of Education compared him to Moses.
In real life he was a very complex person, as complex as Israel. His personal history is interwoven with the history of Israel.
His main legacy was catastrophic: the scores of settlements which he implanted all over the West Bank – each of them a landmine which will have to be removed at great risk when the time comes.
URI AVNERY is an Israeli writer and peace activist with Gush Shalom. He is a contributor to CounterPunch's book The Politics of Anti-Semitism.
The lives, loves and letdowns of women in an office in John Van Druten's 1931 play “London Wall” were presented a little differently at the Mint Theater earlier this year than on television last night, when the production was the first Off-Broadway play to be broadcast in the new WNET series, Theater Close-Up.
There was no playbill for “London Wall,” but they did flash the credits on the screen, and Sigourney Weaver, the series host, introduced the playwright, now best-known as the author of “I Remember Mama” and “I Am a Camera” (which inspired the musical Cabaret); Weaver even talked about the themes of the play (“Van Druten's characters often use sex as currency.”) There was no intermission between the three acts of the play, only a pause of a few seconds, but (full disclosure) I did visit my refrigerator during the performance itself for a snack that was better and cheaper than those available in the lobby of the Mint Theater on 43rd Street. The play did not fit your standard TV time slot, running past two hours, but WNET rounded it out nicely by adding an interview by Theater Close-Up executive-in-charge Neal Shapiro with the Mint's artistic director Jonathan Bank about the process of this 22-year-old theater company whose aim is to resurrect long-forgotten plays.
Taped in front of a live audience, the show had an unusually lit look that took some getting used to; the camera told us where to look, and did it in close up (which counts as both a plus and a minus); the laughter was for real, but it sounded distant and felt canned, because I was no longer a part of it, as I had been in my original viewing of this comedy.
And, oddly enough, the performances of some actors fared better than others when transferred to the small screen.
Click on any photograph to see it enlarged
Christopher Sears as awkward suitor Hec to Elise Kibler as new office worker Pat Mulligan in London Wall Stephen Plunkett, right, as the cad Mr. Brewer puts the moves on Elise Kibler and Julia Coffey, new office worker and her protector Jonathan Hogan as the boss Mr. Walker, Stephen Plunkett as the cad Elise Kibler, Alex Trow, Katie Gibson, and Matthew Gumley as office workers in London Wall Plunkett with Laurie Kennedy as bothersome client Miss Willesden Julia Coffey as Miss Janus and Stephen Plunkett as Mr. Brewer Hogan with Kibler Kibler and Sears
I'm not sure what it says that Stephen Plunkett as the office cad Mr. Brewer registered nicely, with his little smirks of self-satisfaction, while Christopher Sears' performance as the awkward young suitor Mr. Hec Hammond, Brewer's rival for the attentions of new office worker Pat Mulligan (Elise Kibler)– which had seemed so delightfully comic on stage – struck me as too obvious on screen.
The standouts remained what they were in the theater. Jonathan Hogan is the wise and baffled boss Mr. Walker, who seems to be Van Druten's answer to the sexist Mr. Brewer — a model of the way a man should behave in a world where women have suddenly become an integral part of the workforce. Julia Coffey is splendid as Miss Janus, who spars with Mr. Brewer. A reliable long-time employee, protective of the other workers in the law office on London Wall (an address in London), Miss Janus has been waiting a long time for her unreliable (and unseen) boyfriend to pop the question. “He hasn't had so much reason to be keen these last three years,” she says bitterly. “He'd had all he wanted without marriage.”
The play itself started out slowly for me; it struck me as too old-fashioned, stationary, and sedate for TV; I had a sudden hankering for a car crash or two. But the concerns of the women in the office became more and more engaging. Ultimately, “London Wall” seemed to improve on re-viewing, a rare mix of romantic comedy and socially conscious drama.
Here are the remaining plays in the series, all of them on Thursdays at 10 p.m. on Channel 13 in New York. I'm not sure whether I will be offering reviews of them all. Maybe, since they're now on TV, “recaps”?
October 9, 2014
Hellman v. McCarthy (Abingdon Theatre Company)
The greatest literary feud in modern American history began on January 25, 1980 when author Mary McCarthy appeared as a guest on “The Dick Cavett Show” and declared that “every word [playwright Lillian Hellman] writes is a lie, including ‘and' and ‘the.'” In Brian Richard Mori's play, Dick Cavett recreates his role in the actual events.
The Apple Family Plays: Scenes from Life in the Country (The Public Theater)
Each year since 2010, Richard Nelson premiered a new play about the fictional, liberal Apple family of Rhinebeck, New York, each one premiering on a date of national political significance.
October 16, 2014
That Hopey Changey Thing
Midterm election night 2010
October 23, 2014
Sweet and Sad
A family brunch stirs up discussions of loss, remembrance and a decade of change on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of 9/11.
October 30, 2014
Sorry
The Apples sort through family anxieties and confusion on the day of the re-election of President Barack Obama in 2012.
November 6, 2014
Regular Singing
The final play in the cycle takes place on the 50th Anniversary of John F. Kennedy's assassination.
November 13
The Vandal (The Flea Theater)
The playwriting debut of actor Hamish Linklater, the play is set on a freezing night in Kingston, New York, a woman meets a boy at a bus stop.
November 20
An Iliad (New York Theatre Workshop)
Co-adapted by Denis O'Hare and Lisa Peterson, based on Homer's Iliad translated by Robert Fagles.
November 27
Looking at Christmas (The Flea Theater)
From Steven Banks (head writer of “SpongeBob Squarepants”), the play takes place on Christmas Eve in New York City. A failed writer and a struggling actress meet while looking at the famous holiday windows and the windows come to life and look back at them.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
On June 14, 2005, Texas mother Linda Bruntmyer went before the Congressional Prison Rape Elimination Commission in Washington, D.C., and told the story of her son, Rodney Hulin, and his untimely death. Rodney was only 16, a waif of a boy at 5'2" and 125 pounds, when he was convicted of setting a trash can on fire in Brazoria County, Texas, that caused $500 worth of damage. The judge decided to make an example of him, and he was sentenced to eight years in an adult prison. His small stature made him an easy target for the hardened convicts, and almost immediately after entering the system, Rodney was raped by another prisoner.
After the assault, while her son healed in the prison hospital, Bruntmyer was in constant contact with the prison warden, begging him to protect her son, to segregate him from the general population. Her cries went unheeded.
“The warden said Rodney needed to grow up,” Bruntmyer testified. “He said, ‘This happens every day; learn to deal with it. It's no big deal.' ”
Rodney was put back in with grown men and was subsequently beaten and raped, again and again. After less than a year of this torture, he committed suicide, hanging himself in his cell.
Bruntmyer's testimony was persuasive, as were her years of lobbying for reform. In 2012, the U.S. Department of Justice finally issued a series of steadfast guidelines for preventing sexual abuse in correctional facilities, under the provisions of the 2003 Prison Rape Elimination Act. Among other protections, the provisions required that prisons house teenage boys separately from older convicts.
Linda Bruntmyer died shortly after the PREA reforms were announced in December 2012. She went to her grave believing that her son's suffering had helped protect other teenagers from abuse in the prison system—and in 49 states, she was right.
Related This Group Reports Being Victim to Rape More Frequently Than Straight Women
In Texas, however, where her son was brutalized, those protections are now in jeopardy.
Last month, Gov. Rick Perry penned a letter to the U.S. Department of Justice, informing them that Texas refuses to comply with the 2012 guidelines Bruntmyer fought so hard to secure.
“The rules appear to have been created in a vacuum with little regard for input from those who daily operate state prisons and local jails,” Perry wrote.
Forget that PREA was signed into law by Perry's gubernatorial predecessor, George W. Bush. Or that the U.S. Department of Justice consulted with states for nine years before issuing guidelines in May 2012 for how correctional facilities should come into compliance with the law. And yes, those consultations included multiple discussions with Texas officials.
Perry's own head of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice, Brad Livingston, wrote to the Department of Justice in 2010 applauding the then-proposed regulations: “[I]t is apparent the Department of Justice gave careful consideration to the comments submitted by many interested parties during 2010. The TDCJ has few issues relating to the proposed national standards.”
Yet two years after the guidelines were released, and four years after his own head of corrections praised them, Perry is complaining.
“PREA…separation standards would require Texas to separate l7-year-old adult inmates from 18-year-old adult inmates at substantial cost with no discernible benefit to the state or its inmates,” Perry has said.
Yes, in some cases the age difference between adult and minor inmates could be as little as a year, but that's an unrealistic best-case scenario, considering why the laws were needed in the first place. More realistically, the age difference could be vast, and there's good reason to protect children from hardened criminals.
Perry objects to the very protections that may have kept Bruntmyer's son alive. Activists who knew her and fought alongside her are appalled.
“Rodney suffered in a state system that did not protect him—from procedures that did not protect him,” said Gabriel London, an activist and filmmaker who documented Bruntmyer's efforts at reform.
According to Chris Daley, deputy executive director of Just Detention International, nearly a quarter of the most sexually abusive male prisons in the country are in Texas. “If any state needs the PREA standards, it's Texas,” he said.
Advocates are fighting to get Perry to reverse his stance—so far to no avail. Their efforts will be hampered by their no longer having Linda Bruntmyer at their side.
“Linda was a resolute and steely woman with beautiful blue eyes,” said London. “She was committed to honoring her son's memory—and she had the force of truth on her side.”
London hopes that memory will be enough to overcome Perry's obstinacy. “She went to her grave with a sense of pride. It is incredibly sad, after all she fought for, that this issue has been repoliticized.”
SteamOS brewmaster update 2.64 released
bluez - autotrust DualShock 3 controllers (thanks SoulEst [github.com] )
) cpio - CVE-2016-2037 [cve.mitre.org]
efivar - the latest version from Debian sid to fix boot problem on NVMe devices
libssh - CVE-2016-0739 [cve.mitre.org]
libssh2 - CVE-2016-0787 [cve.mitre.org]
nvidia-graphics-drivers - update to 355.00.28
linux
xpad: add third party PowerA XboxOne Mini wired controller (thanks illwieckz [github.com] )
Merge changes upstream for new HW and features in Alienware-WMI (thanks superm1 [github.com] )
apache2 - Debian 8.3 update
apt - Debian 8.3 update
bind9 - CVE-2015-8704 [cve.mitre.org]
ca-certificates - Debian 8.3 update
file - Debian 8.3 update
fuse - CVE-2016-1233 [cve.mitre.org]
isc-dhcp - CVE-2015-8605 [cve.mitre.org]
libpng - CVE-2015-8472 [cve.mitre.org] CVE-2015-8540 [cve.mitre.org]
CVE-2015-8540 libssh - CVE-2015-3146 [cve.mitre.org]
multipath-tools - Debian 8.3 update
netcfg - Debian 8.3 update
openldap - Debian 8.3 update
openssh - CVE-2016-0777 [cve.mitre.org] CVE-2016-0778 [cve.mitre.org]
CVE-2016-0778 pam - CVE-2015-3238 [cve.mitre.org]
pcre3 - Debian 8.3 update
perl - Debian 8.3 update
rsyslog - Debian 8.3 update
shadow - Debian 8.3 update
steamos-base-files - Updated udev joystick blacklist from upstream.
webkitgtk - Debian 8.3 update
This is the same content that was released in last week's beta. Updated NVIDIA driver (with Vulkan support), a few kernel changes, improved DualShock 3 support, Debian 8.3 updates, and the usual security fixes. Updated installers are also released.MD5 hashes2b5341fb2843e83471838ba6bf05da17 SteamOSDVD.isoc3fa3ae1189a7cee8136001c5c8aeec4 SteamOSInstaller.zip==== SteamOS build 64 2016-02-24 ======== SteamOS build 63 2016-02-18 ======== SteamOS build 61 2016-01-27 ====
Flipkart Ltd is in talks to buy a large minority stake in ticketing platform BookMyShow, as India's most valuable internet firm seeks to improve customer stickiness and gain a higher share of spending by urban Indians, according to three people familiar with the matter.
The online retailer wants to invest fresh capital into BookMyShow (Bigtree Entertainment Pvt. Ltd) as well as buy shares from some of its investors, the people cited above said on condition of anonymity.
BookMyShow may be valued at $500-700 million if the proposed deal goes through, the people said. Mint couldn't ascertain the amount that Flipkart plans to invest in BookMyShow, which last raised Rs550 crore in July 2016 from Stripes Group, Accel Partners, SAIF Partners and Network18 at a valuation of more than Rs3,000 crore. Accel is also an investor in Flipkart.
Flipkart had initially expressed an intent to buy BookMyShow, one of the three people said. But the two other people said a stake sale is more likely than an outright sale. Reliance Industries-owned Network18, which is the single largest shareholder in BookMyShow with a 39% stake, is bullish on the firm, these two people said.
Flipkart and BookMyShow didn't respond to emails seeking comment.
BookMyShow, which caters to well-off people in urban India, is one of India's very few capital-efficient and profitable internet companies. For the year ended March 2016, the firm posted a profit of Rs3.1 crore on revenue of Rs248 crore. The last fiscal year, however, sales growth took a hit because of a push by Paytm into movie tickets. But over the past few months, BookMyShow has fought back and it still controls a majority of movie ticket bookings. The company, which also sells tickets for sporting events and plays, bought Burrp, a restaurant-search platform, in July.
Flipkart is seeking a deal and business partnership with BookMyShow partly to get a higher share of the spending by upper-middle-class and rich Indians. Compared with rival Amazon India's Prime subscription service, Flipkart lacks an equivalent differentiator. By striking partnerships with the likes of BookMyShow, Flipkart wants to offer a range of services to keep customers coming back to its platform, said the people cited earlier. It also plans to launch groceries this year in order to push repeat purchases by customers.
Having raised nearly $3 billion in two tranches this year from SoftBank Group Corp., Tencent Holdings and others, Flipkart plans to pursue more M&A deals. Last month, Flipkart bought F1 Info Solutions, which offers repair services for mobiles and electronics, for an undisclosed amount.
Flipkart is India's most acquisitive internet firm. Since starting out in 2007, it has bought or invested in over 20 companies. Its largest acquisition was that of online fashion retailer Myntra for more than $330 million in May 2014. Earlier this year, Flipkart also tried to buy struggling smaller rival Snapdeal (Jasper Infotech Pvt. Ltd) for nearly $1 billion in stock but the deal collapsed in August because of differences over valuation and deal structure, among other things.
Despite continuing efforts to politicize the revelations about the NSA's domestic spying programs, the leaks from whistleblower Edward Snowden transcend America's trivial two-party politics. This isn't Republicans versus Democrats. It's the government versus the people.
In early 2002, President George W. Bush secretly authorized the National Security Agency to spy on the electronic communications of Americans without first getting court approval. This was a direct violation of the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), which required the government to obtain a warrant showing probable cause that their target was an agent of a foreign power or terrorist organization.
The FISA Amendments Act of 2008, renewed in 2012 with enthusiastic support from the Obama administration, retroactively legalized much of the Bush administration's illegal domestic spying program by authorizing broad, warrantless surveillance of Americans' international communications, largely in secret.
But even the loose standards set by the FISA Amendments Act, writes Julian Sanchez, a research fellow at the Cato Institute, were "almost immediately misused, resulting in 'significant and systemic' overcollection of Americans' purely domestic communications."
Snowden's leaks have substantiated that the NSA not only fails to get individualized warrants, but that it collects, in bulk, the call data of virtually all Americans and stores the content of our Internet activities, including emails, file transfers, instant messages and browsing histories.
Back when revelations about NSA spying under Bush came to light, Republicans largely stood behind their president. Some Democrats are now doing the same for Obama. But there is a growing bipartisan opposition to the sweeping surveillance powers of the intelligence agencies in the aftermath of Snowden's leaks.
In Congress, you have Democrats like Sen. Ron Wyden and Sen. Mark Udall fiercely opposed, and Republicans like Sen. Rand Paul and Rep. Justin Amash join them.
Conservative Fox News pundit Bill O'Reilly called the NSA's dragnet snooping on Americans "a massive intrusion" that is "flat out unconstitutional." The equally hawkish talk radio host Laura Ingraham lamented, "All our records are in the hands of the government," and expressed regret for not paying closer attention to civil libertarian objections to the Patriot Act.
This bipartisan opposition to NSA overreach represents a groping towards acknowledging an historic precept, that governments have always considered their own populations their greatest enemy.
One revealing aspect of all this is that the government has charged Edward Snowden with espionage. And as former Texas Congressman Ron Paul noted this week, "espionage means giving secret or classified information to the enemy."
"Since Snowden shared information with the American people, his indictment for espionage could reveal (or confirm) that the U.S. Government views you and me as the enemy," Paul added.
Indeed, the NSA's bulk collection of virtually all Americans call data and Internet activity is "best suited for gathering information on law-abiding citizens," not members of al-Qaeda, writes Leonid Bershidsky at Bloomberg News.
This goes back in history. In the 1970s, an enormous domestic surveillance apparatus was revealed that brazenly violated the law and Americans' constitutional rights.
"The Central Intelligence Agency, directly violating its charter, conducted a massive, illegal domestic intelligence operation during the Nixon Administration against the antiwar movement and other dissident groups in the United States," New York Times journalist Seymour Hersh reported in 1974.
Hersh also uncovered "dozens of other illegal activities by members of the CIA inside the United States, beginning in the nineteen-fifties, including break-ins, wiretapping and the surreptitious inspection of mail."
The 1975 Church Committee discovered that the NSA, in a program begun in 1947, had been monitoring Americans' telegram messages at a rate of 150,000 per month.
Compare that with NSA whistleblower William Binney's recent estimate that the intelligence community has assembled "20 trillion transactions about U.S. citizens with other U.S. citizens."
The Church Committee ultimately led to reforms meant to restrict the government's ability to so systematically violate the rights and privacy of Americans, but those reforms have essentially been gutted since 9/11.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS), for example, was established following the 9/11 attacks and it is nothing more than a massive and intrusive bureaucracy.
In 2012, a Senate investigation found that DHS's intelligence sharing hubs, called fusion centers, gobbled up billions of dollars but disrupted no actual terrorist plots and mostly targeted Americans with no connection to terrorism.
Instead, the fusion centers were "circulating information about Ron Paul supporters, the ACLU, activists on both sides of the abortion debate, war protesters and advocates of gun rights," the AP reported.
Do you fit into any of those categories? Well, that's whom the government is really targeting, almost exclusively in the shadows.
"I believe there are more instances of the abridgement of the freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments of those in power than by violent and sudden usurpations," James Madison once warned.
This story can be republished for free ( details ). This story also ran on Stat
Five years ago, Companion DX Reference Lab hoped to cash in on cutting-edge genetic tests paid for by Medicare.
The Houston lab marketed a test to assess how a person's genes affect tolerance for drugs such as opiates used to treat chronic pain. It also ran DNA tests to help treat cancer and urine screens to monitor drug abuse.
But the lab went bust last year after Medicare ordered it to repay more than $16 million for genetic tests health officials said were not needed.
Companion Dx is one of at least six clinical labs mired in bankruptcy court after Medicare alleged they improperly billed the government for unnecessary urine, genetic or heart disease tests expected to cause hundreds of millions dollars in losses to taxpayers, an investigation by Kaiser Health News found.
As the nation's bill for drug and genetic tests has climbed to an estimated $8.5 billion a year, there's mounting suspicion among health insurers that some testing may do more to boost profit margins than help treat patients.
Medicare has slashed fees for urine tests and tightened coverage of some genetic screens, which can cost Medicare $1,000 or more per person. Private insurers, who mostly have paid these bills without question, also are taking a more penetrating look at spending on the controversial lab work.
Yet, getting these firms to repay Medicare and private insurers remains a formidable challenge. While some doctor-owned labs have dodged collection efforts for years, several testing firms deeply in debt to Medicare appear to have few assets to repay overcharges dating back years, court records show.
“Medicare shouldn't be paying for dubious tests, but the time to catch that is in the very beginning when [labs] are asking for payment,” said Steve Ellis, vice-president of Taxpayers for Common Sense, a budget watchdog group. “They need to increase oversight so the dollars don't go out the door in the first place.”
(Garth Superville for KHN)
A spokesman for the federal Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) had no comment. Neither did the Department of Justice, which represents the government's interests in court.
Labs can run a range of genetic and drug tests using a saliva sample, blood or urine specimen. The price tag to Medicare can mount quickly, especially when doctors order highly specialized tests for large numbers of patients. Two bankrupt labs that federal officials say routinely overused tests to detect rare heart ailments in the elderly, for instance, could end up owing the government a total of more than $200 million, court records show.
Some labs have kept operating in bankruptcy while others liquidated equipment and sold off assets. Several bankruptcy trustees, whose duty is to ferret out assets, are suing suppliers, insurers and some doctors to recover funds.
Whether they can raise the pile of cash needed to repay Medicare is doubtful.
Companion Dx, according to bankruptcy records, had $117,497 cash on hand at the end of September. Medicare is seeking the return of $16.2 million paid to the company for services “not considered medically necessary,” according to a January court filing.
The Texas lab had no comment, but in court filings has blamed its collapse on disagreements with Medicare over the merits of its tests and government audits that retroactively disallowed claims. Medicare pays only for services it deems “medically necessary,” and audits typically take many years to complete.
Companion Dx opened in January 2012 expecting to “capture favorable profit margins that existed in connection with this cutting edge technology,” the company wrote in its bankruptcy filing.
Email Sign-Up Subscribe to KHN's free Morning Briefing.
However, starting in 2013, Medicare began having second thoughts about the validity of some tests and ultimately decided to cover them on just 1 percent of patients, according to the company. The lab declared bankruptcy in July 2016. The case is pending.
Iverson Genetic Diagnostics Inc. is another lab that turned to bankruptcy court as Medicare tried to reclaim $19.7 million, court records show. The case is pending.
Medicare took aim at the Seattle firm in November 2013 after reviewing “numerous” complaints of billings for genetic tests that patients “had not actually received,” federal officials wrote in a court filing.
A later federal audit concluded that Iverson had charged Medicare for tests that were “not reasonable and necessary.” In September 2015, about two months after Medicare called for the refund, the lab filed for bankruptcy.
Iverson denied overbilling Medicare and is appealing the Medicare decision, which it said in a court filing “was not based upon sufficient or proper evidence.” And Iverson denied wrongdoing in court filings.
Neither the lab, now located in Charleston, S.C., nor its lawyers would comment.
In another case, Pharmacogenetics Diagnostic Laboratory LLC in Louisville exited bankruptcy in late October without repaying Medicare $26.3 million for disallowed genetic tests. The lab, set up in 2004 by two University of Louisville professors, strongly disputed Medicare's findings but said they were the “primary reason” for the bankruptcy, court records show.
Charity Neukomm, a lawyer for the lab, said another medical group agreed to purchase all its assets “free and clear of liens.” That left nothing for the government.
There's also little chance that Natural Molecular Testing Corp., a defunct genetic testing lab, will repay the $71 million it owes Medicare, according to John Kaplan, an attorney for the bankruptcy trustee.
Kaplan said the lab near Seattle, which opened in 2010, was “printing money from billing Medicare” until the government suspended payments in April 2013. The company filed for bankruptcy in 2013 in the face of a Medicare audit of its billing and concern over its business practices, such as paying some doctors who ordered its tests as much as $10,000 a month in consulting fees, according to court records.
Five years in, the bankruptcy case is expected to settle next year, but there's likely to be “no cash left” to repay Medicare, Kaplan said.
Critics argue that Medicare has been slow to assess the benefits of new and controversial tests and technologies — even when soaring costs signaled a warning of possible overuse.
Spending on genetic testing, for example, shot up from about $167 million in 2013 to more than $466 million a year later, according to Medicare billing data. In 2015, the program spent about $317 million on the tests and some $165 million last year. Government auditors credit tighter oversight for the sharp decline in billing.
Ellis, the budget watchdog, said the “huge jump” in these bills should have “sent out a red flag.”
Medicare officials don't routinely verify that the sales claims labs make to doctors are rooted in scientific evidence. Some labs have hawked genetic tests as a tool for making pain management safer. The labs contend the tests can pinpoint the proper drugs and dosage for each patient based on their genetic makeup, thus reducing the threat of overdose or other injury.
However, many experts argue that the science hasn't caught up to the sales pitch — and that some high-priced tests may do little to diagnose or treat illness.
Genetic tests “are not ready for prime time,” said Charles Argoff, professor of neurology at Albany Medical College in New York. He said their impact on medical care “hasn't been measured.”
Court records show that the legal battles to recover assets from failed labs often plod on for years, especially when trustees believe labs paid illegal fees or other kickbacks to persuade doctors to order dubious tests.
“Some of these cases never go away,” said David Schumacher, a Boston health care lawyer who has defended doctors against these claims. Still, he said that even after years of legal wrangling Medicare often is unlikely to “be made whole and fully repaid.”
The trustee for Heart Diagnostic Laboratory, which marketed a panel of blood tests to detect heart disease and other illnesses before its June 2015 bankruptcy, has filed more than three dozen lawsuits to recover money paid to doctors and medical offices, including suspect consulting fees.
“Our analysis is that all of these payments were tainted and therefore we're entitled to go after them,” said Richard Kanowitz. He added: “It's an uphill battle.”
This story can be republished for free ( details ). This story also ran on Stat
KHN's coverage related to aging and improving care of older adults is supported in part by The John A. Hartford Foundation.
As we mentioned in the article about this week's cold open, Donald Trump's cabinet of curiosities is providing plenty of Saturday Night Live cast members opportunities to debut some cutting, memorable impressions. But after Mikey Day sunk his skeletal fingers into Steve Bannon at the top of the episode, S.N.L. essentially doubled down with a second cold-open-esque sketch. This time it was Melissa McCarthy's turn to rip into Press Secretary Sean Spicer and the famously physical comedienne (and frequent S.N.L. host) did it with gusto.
Having fun with Spicer's instantly caustic dynamic with the White House press corps, McCarthy channeled some of her more bombastic comedic characters in order to rip journalists to shreds from her bully pulpit. (She also literally bullies them with her pulpit.)
McCarthy's version of Spicer cancels the National Parks Service as an aside, ignores concerned questions about Bannon's role on the N.S.C., uses props to get her point across, and locks a disobedient CNN reporter in a cage. McCarthy closed out the sketch with a shouted “Live from New York!” reminding the audience that the episode was double-dipping on classic cold open material. It's almost as if Saturday Night Live has figured out that much of its audience is tuning in just to see how the show will trash the president. McCarthy's glorious, kinetic impression is just one more weapon in S.N.L.'s arsenal against the Trump administration—and with Alec Baldwin hosting next week, the next episode could consist entirely of sketches like this one.
In 2012, the United Nations declared access to contraception a “basic human right.” Last Friday, the Trump administration made moves to decimate women's access to birth control — thereby continuing his administration's war against women.
Last week, the Trump administration announced the rollback of an Obama-era requirement that employers to provide women with insurance that covers birth control. Under the new rule, employers can exempt themselves from this requirement for “religious or moral” reasons. Any employer, regardless of the business, can now opt out of covering contraception. If you are a woman, whether you have to pay for birth control out of your own pocket will soon be dictated by the religious and moral opinions of your employer.
As a pediatrician, I see how access to contraception improves patients' lives. I have many patients who rely on it to prevent pregnancy so that they can finish their education. Parents of my younger patients also rely on contraception to ensure their pregnancies are planned. Some patients need birth control to regulate heavy or irregular periods. Access to birth control has been proven over and over again to be good not only for women's health but also for the health of their families. Planned pregnancies result in healthier pregnancies and higher educational and economic attainment for both parents. But I am now worried that some of them won't be able to afford birth control without health insurance coverage.
I remember taking care of a patient who wanted to try to use the contraceptive patch because she was worried she couldn't remember to take the Pill every day. When she went to the pharmacy, she learned it was not covered by her insurance without prior authorization proving she had failed another method. Even with coverage under the ACA, the requirement was only to provide coverage for a method in each category, often leaving it up to physicians to determine which was covered for which insurance company. There was no way my patient would be able to pay for it out of pocket — the patch costs up to $55 a month without insurance coverage.
It took my office weeks of back and forth with the insurance company to provide sufficient documentation for her — and this all happened in the post-ACA world of health care, an overall improvement in birth control coverage. These bureaucratic and financial barriers will multiply and, for some women, become insurmountable under the new rules.
Of the 61 million women ages 15 to 44, 62 percent of them are using a contraceptive method. The importance of the ACA contraceptive coverage mandate is highlighted in data showing how many women benefit from this coverage. In just two years between 2012 and 2014, the percentage of women accessing the birth control pill — the most common form of contraception — without any cost rose from 15 percent to 67 percent.
Similar gains were found in other forms of contraception as well. And the results of this contraceptive coverage have spoken for themselves. There have been declines in both unplanned pregnancy rates and teen pregnancy rates nationally. The unplanned pregnancy rate declined 18 percent between 2008 and 2011. Research shows that these declines can be completely attributed to use of contraception, not people having less sex.
The Trump administration has asserted that Obamacare's birth control mandate encouraged “risky sexual behavior” in young women. But no study has shown that access to contraception causes significant change in sexual behaviors. In fact, the largest study examining same-day access to all forms of contraception showed that while there were no changes in sexual behavior, rates of unplanned pregnancy and abortion dropped substantially. These are outcomes that our government should be seeking. Instead, the Trump administration has signaled that the religious and moral views of employers are more important than women's human rights.
This change has the potential to affect all women of childbearing ages. Nine out of 10 women use contraception at some point. In fact, more married women use contraception than unmarried women. And plenty of religious women use birth control: 89 percent of women who identify as Catholic and 90 percent of Protestants report using some form of contraception.
Although four states have taken action to safeguard against continued efforts at the federal level, this leaves a patchwork of access throughout the rest of the country. Your contraceptive method will be covered while you live in one state, but take a job or go to another state that doesn't have these protections and you may have to change contraceptive methods or start paying out of pocket for the method you're using. Women require access regardless of where they live or work.
As a doctor, the health of my patients matters most to me — and this is a perfect case where the interests of my patients, especially women, are getting sidelined by political forces. And people will suffer as a result.
This isn't just about women's health. We have a right to have sex.
The average age of onset of sexual activity for both men and women is 17 years old in the United States, and that age has not changed substantially since the 1940s. What has changed is the average age that women have their first child and marriage — meaning there are more years to protect against an unplanned pregnancy. It seems clear that regulations around contraception do not affect whether people choose to have sex. It only makes it more unsafe and, in particular, forces women to navigate unnecessary obstacles to engage in normal human activity.
Women use birth control primarily to plan their pregnancies, but birth control is also used as a medical treatment for irregular or heavy periods, and as a preventive therapy for women with medical conditions that make pregnancy unsafe. In fact, 14 percent of women report using contraceptives for reasons unrelated to pregnancy planning.
The administration reasons that the Obamacare mandate places undue religious and moral burden on employers. But the religious objections of a boss do not supersede the importance of basic rights for women. The new religious exemptions allow employers to treat their workers differently simply based on their gender. It's worth noting that during the Hobby Lobby controversy, the same Catholic groups that supported pulling coverage for birth control often covered the costs of drugs for men suffering from erectile dysfunction. (The ACA, however, does not require coverage of drugs for ED.)
In our health care system, financial access is everything
Studies show that fewer women will use contraception — and rely on less effective options — when it costs more out of pocket. A national survey done before Obamacare found that a third of women using a less effective contraceptive method, such as the Pill, would switch to another more effective method if they didn't have to worry about the cost. Women who don't use contraception or don't use it reliably account for 95 percent of the unplanned pregnancies in the US. And the costs of unplanned pregnancy add up — studies have also shown that spending money on contraception is ultimately more cost-effective. In fact, for every dollar spent on family planning through Medicaid, $6 is saved in ultimate taxpayer costs.
But without coverage, birth control quickly becomes expensive. The most effective forms of birth control, long-acting forms of reversible contraception such as intrauterine devices, can easily cost over $1,000 out of pocket and are used for between three to 12 years. Even the birth control pill's monthly cost of $20 to $50 per month will be a burden for most women. With the rollback in coverage, many women will rely on methods that are cheaper or less effective, or choose to use nothing at all.
Under Obamacare's rules, many young adults are covered under their parents' insurance plans long into their 20s. But after the rollback, it's possible that their access will be determined by choices made by their parents' employers. This is out of my patients' control. When a patient's parent was employed as a janitor at a small religious institution, her access to contraception was jeopardized. Although neither my patient nor her family had a religious objection to using birth control, the employer insurance plan did not cover it. Employers' religious beliefs have no place in these private decisions.
The administration asserts that the government “already engages in dozens of programs that subsidize contraception for the low-income women” who are most at risk for unintended pregnancy. But the problem of unplanned pregnancies is not limited to the poor.
Currently 45 percent of all pregnancies in the US are unplanned, and that number is closer to 85 percent when you look at teen pregnancies. All women need access to contraception regardless of their socioeconomic status or place of employment. Moreover, in a remarkable act of cynicism, many of the programs for low-income women that the administration cites are facing funding cuts under Trump, including Planned Parenthood, Medicaid, and the teen pregnancy prevention program.
This new rule reflects a disturbing trend in both the Trump administration and the current Congress to dismantle women's rights. The contraception coverage rollback does nothing to advance health, and the claims put forward to defend it are not supported by evidence. It's a cruel, purely ideological gesture that will hurt real women — and the men and children in their lives.
Tracey Wilkinson is an Assistant Professor of Pediatrics at Indiana University School of Medicine and a member of Physicians for Reproductive Health.
First Person is Vox's home for compelling, provocative narrative essays. Do you have a story to share? Read our submission guidelines, and pitch us at firstperson@vox.com.
Miss the livestream? Check out our recap of the performance along with some sick photos! Also, tune in on Saturday, March 29, at 10/9C to catch Lady Gaga's electric set from SXSW on Fuse. Find Fuse in your area using our Channel Finder.
The Doritos #BoldStage–and its towering 50-foot vending machine–will return to SXSW this year. But it's going to be bigger than ever before.
Doritos has tapped Lady Gaga to headline its music events in SXSW in Austin, TX. Gaga, who released ARTPOP in November 2013, will play an intimate, exclusive show for 2,000 fans at Stubb's BBQ on Thursday, March 13. Dubbed Lady Gaga Live at the Doritos #BoldStage, this is the only night that the Doritos #BoldStage will be at the intimate Stubb's venue, and the only way for fans to gain access into the concert is to complete a Doritos "Bold Mission."
The performance will take place at 11/10C, and will be live-streaming right here on Fuse.tv. The performance will be broadcast on air on Saturday, March 29, at 10/9C on Fuse.
Gaga herself announced the first Bold Mission, dubbed #BoldBravery. Fans who want to attend must share a picture or video on Twitter, Instagram or Vine that expresses individuality through a bold action. More details about the first mission and further missions can be seen here.
“I believe that being an individual is the boldest thing you can do,” Gaga said in a press release. “I can't wait to see all creative, generous, brave and individual acts my fans take to gain access to the show.”
If you miss the livestream or want to experience the show again, check out the broadcast premiere on March 29 at 10/9C on Fuse. And be sure to keep up with all of our coverage from SXSW 2014.
Refusing a blood transfusion to the point of death is, by any definition, an extreme response. In Russia they are using this to outlaw the Jehovah's Witnesses as an extremist organisation.
I had a piece of paper in my pocket, cut out from a booklet, saying I would rather die than have a blood transfusion administered because under any circumstance God's command came first. Death did not terrify me. Being alive when the apocalypse came did. Seeing those I loved dying because, unlike me, they did not call on the name of Jehovah to be saved.
Dying via obedience to God would be like picking up a monopoly card that read: go directly to Paradise Earth, collect eternal life. Persecution would be in a perverse sense a welcoming sign of the end of days and vindication your faith was true. The cost of which would be beyond anyone to endure, save for faith in Jehovah.
This all made sense to me as a ten year old, with what would become an increasingly dog eared piece of paper in his pocket. It would make sense to any student of the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society publications, given the tales of those in the bible who put their obedience to God before their own lives, let alone any court or leader of the land.
For me the proposed ban is more than the Russian legal system fed up with Jehovah's Witnesses rejecting a doctor's treatment. This is about proscribing an American organisation, whose theology is contrary to Russian Christian orthodoxy. Their evangelising is seen as propaganda undermining traditional Russian culture and values.
This ban is a small part in helping Putin to create a nationalistic united Russia. The 175,000 Jehovah's Witnesses in 2,000 congregation cannot be tolerated. They are against his vision of what Paradise on earth looks like. The JWs are in the way of unity under one man.
Whilst on this blog I do warn of the blighted lives caused by the fundamentalism of the Jehovah's Witnesses, a ban would make it even worse. It would make leaving the organisation that much harder – you were a criminal and you may have family and friends who still are in the eyes of the state. It would make ensuring people had the medical care they needed that much harder if they may need a blood transfusion.
Human rights are universal or they are nothing. Do not ever think you can use the past experience of those of us that grew up in the Jehovah's Witnesses to justify denying basic human rights. It is bad enough being shunned by family, without thinking we would want them locked up for it.
I would rather be woken up from a lie in at the weekend by them proselytising on my welcome mat, then a Jehovah's Witness arrested in the dead of night as they slept for what they thought. Because they may have strange dreams, ones I still remember, but there are worse nightmares that we must never wake up to.
Thank you Putin for reminding me that I had the freedom to believe and then not to believe, without the state passing any judgment. It is one all Russians should enjoy too.
Update: follow-up blog post to Supreme Court decision to ban Jehovah's Witnesses in Russia.
GUADALAJARA, Mexico – Santos Laguna youngsters and United States Under-20 national team stars Benji Joya and Daniel Cuevas have been the subject of interest from MLS clubs – including the San Jose Earthquakes, the team closest to their hometowns, according to Guerreros coach Pedro Caixinha.
But despite the interest, Santos are biding their time on whether they will let the Northern Californian duo go. Caixinha told MLSsoccer.com that San Jose assistant coach Nick Dasovic came calling on the two 20-year-olds, as did several other MLS clubs.
“Let's finish the [Apertura] tournament and we'll see what their needs are and what our squad needs,” Caixinha said on Tuesday. “After that we'll make a decision.”
San Jose Earthquakes officials declined to comment on what they termed a "rumor."
Joya (a midfielder from San Jose) and Cuevas (a Sacramento-born forward) garnered considerable interest after their performances at the CONCACAF U-20 Championship in Puebla earlier this year, but since then haven't got the minutes with Santos Laguna that many in US soccer circles had hoped.
Caixinha said loaning out the duo next season is a “possibility.” He added that they likely would have received more playing time this Apertura season if they returned fully fit from the U-20 World Cup in Turkey.
“I can tell you that after they arrived after the World Cup, they both arrived with injuries,” the Portuguese coach said. “We tried to get them to play in the Copa MX, but they were injured, so they couldn't get the expected minutes in that competition.”
Joya has made two substitute appearances in this season's Copa MX, but Cuevas is yet to make his full professional debut.
On a more positive note, both have started the last two games for Santos' U-20s.
Tom Marshall covers Americans playing in Latin America for MLSsoccer.com. E-mail him at tom.marshall.mex@gmail.com.
New Delhi: Two Indian Sufi clerics, who were on a pilgrimage to Pakistan, have gone missing, prompting India to take up the matter with the Pakistani government.
In a series of tweets early on Friday, foreign minister Sushma Swaraj confirmed the two Sufi clerics had gone missing.
“Indian nationals Syed Asif Ali Nizami aged 80 years and his nephew Nazim Ali Nizami had gone to Pakistan on 8 March 2017," said Swaraj in a tweet, and followed it by another, “Syed Asif Ali Nizami is Head Priest (Sajjadanashin) of Hazrat Nizammuddin Aulia dargah."
“Both are missing after they landed at Karachi airport," said another tweet.
One of Swaraj's tweets also said that India has taken up the issue with the Pakistan government. “We have taken up this matter with Government of Pakistan and requested them for an update on both the Indian nationals in Pakistan," she tweeted.
We have taken up this matter with Government of Pakistan and requested them for an update on both the Indian nationals in Pakistan./4 — Sushma Swaraj (@SushmaSwaraj) March 17, 2017
One person familiar with the matter in New Delhi confirmed that the two clerics—from the Hazrat Nizammuddin Dargah in New Delhi—had been missing and that India had raised the matter with the Pakistani foreign ministry in Islamabad as well as the Pakistan high commission in New Delhi.
According to news reports, while one of the clerics was allowed to go to Karachi to visit relatives, the second was stopped at the Lahore airport on grounds of incomplete travel papers. While one of the clerics went missing from Lahore airport, the second went missing after arriving at the Karachi airport, one of the news report cited above said.
According to government officials in India, exchange visits between clerics of New Delhi's Nizammuddin Dargah and the Sufi Daata Darbar shrine in Lahore take place regularly.
One of my guilty pleasures is wandering through the “literature” section of bookstores, opening and closing books, in search of fantasy and science fiction. There's more of it to be found than you'd expect. Some, like T. H. White's The Once and Future King, are there because they predate the existence of commercial fantasy. Others, like Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's Tale, are shelved where she made her reputation in the first place. Most, however, are present simply because even the most earthbound writers occasionally like to expand their imaginations to the utmost, to the places on the map marked Here Be Dragons, and that's where fantasy dwells.
The fantasy section of bookstores exists for our convenience, but it pays to wander outside of it every now and then.
Here are five fantasy books you won't find in the fantasy section.
Orlando by Virginia Woolf
Virginia Woolf was the most magisterial of the Modernists and the least afraid to write about domestic life. So it astonished her contemporaries when she wrote a lighthearted account of a moody young Elizabethan poet-manque who lives, unaging, into the Twentieth Century, turning into a woman along the way. As historical fantasy it rocks—the description of the ice fair on the frozen Thames (an actual event, incidentally) is enchanting—but ultimately, it's a prescient study of gender and identity.
But whoever said fantasy can't be serious?
Big Fish: A Novel of Mythic Proportions by Daniel Wallace
Edward Bloom, traveling salesman and absentee father, is dying and his son desperately wants to connect with and understand him. But the old man is a compulsive storyteller, and the entire book is told in the voice of the American tall tale. Wonderfully unreliable incidents involving a giant, a two-headed geisha, a magical glass eye, an underwater town, and of course a tremendous catfish overwhelm the inherent sadness of an old man's death, and ultimately the facts must bow before the superiority of a good lie well told.
Big Fish was made into a movie which I could watch with pleasure every day of the week but the novel is much, much better.
The Maze Maker by Michael Ayrton
The Maze Maker sets out to be one of those novels where a mythic figure—here, Daedalus, creator of both the labyrinth and the wings that doomed his son Icarus—is rationalized as a historic figure, and it does include a great deal of fascinating Bronze Age smithery. But while the plot satisfies our expectations, its inherent weirdness keeps bursting out. The Goddess appears to Daedalus in the form of a double-ax. Icarus flies up to the Sun, his body undergoing Lorenz-Fitzgerald contractions. Daedalus is smashed to the earth and when an ant crawls into his ear and begins to traverse the labyrinthine folds of his brain, he names the ant “Daedalus.”
Ayrton was a sculptor who once created a golden honeycomb for the estate of Sir Edmund Hillary, the first to reach the summit of Everest. Bees filled the sculpture with honey and larvae. The Maze Maker is the novel such a man would write.
Ragnarok by A. S. Byatt
Commissioned to rework a myth in novella form, Byatt chose to concentrate on a “thin child” in WWII Britain who knows her RAF pilot father will not return from the war. The girl (Byatt herself) discovers a book on the Norse gods, whose vivid, terrifying stories have much greater application to what feels like the end of the world than do those of the kindly god she hears in church. Ragnarok is full of invention, Rándrasill, the undersea mega-kelp equivalent of Yggdrasil, the World-Tree, being a particularly brilliant example. Byatt also provides unexpected insights into the original myths. She points out, for example, that Loki can change shape when none of the other gods can, and then draws a moving portrait of his strange yet loving relationship with his daughter, the world-serpent.
In addition to everything else, Ragnarok serves as a lovely introduction to Byatt's longer works.
Chimera by John Barth
This book contains three novellas, all fabulous in both senses of the word. The best of them is Dunyazadiad, a postmodern “maximalist” look at the Arabian Nights through the lens of Sheherezade's little sister Dunyazade. Who, remember, waited by the wedding-bed to request the latest life-saving story. The two young women are making an anachronistic study of the soft sciences for a way to stop King Shahryar's daily murder of his wives when a Genie with a head “bald as a roc's egg” appears with the answer we all know. The Genie is Barth, Sheherezade is his hero, and the two writers set out on an orgy of talk about literary theory.
Have I mentioned the sex yet? Dunyazadiad is a parody of Arabian exoticism, a witty romp through a childhood favorite, and a hoot and a half to boot. Highly (as are all the other books mentioned here) recommended.
Top image: Orlando (1992)
Michael Swanwick is one of the most acclaimed science fiction and fantasy short-story writers of his generation. His newest collection, Not So Much Said the Cat, is out in mid-August; his short fiction has appeared in multiple venues such as OMNI, Penthouse, Amazing, Asimov's Science Fiction, New Dimensions, and Full Spectrum. Swanwick's novels include the New York Times Notable Book The Iron Dragon's Daughter and the Nebula Award-winner Stations of the Tide. He is the recipient of the World Fantasy and Sturgeon awards, and the only to author to ever garner five Hugo Awards in six years. Swanwick lives in Pennsylvania.
Homepage photo by Eliot Hazel
Glasgow electro-pop trio Chvrches have announced details of their debut LP, The Bones of What You Believe. This follows the band's Recover EP, and will be released on September 23 in the U.K. via Virgin/Goodbye Records, and September 24 in North America via Glassnote. That's the artwork above.
Today they've also shared a video for the upcoming single "Gun", out July 15 in the U.K. via Virgin/Goodbye digitally and on 12" pink vinyl. Watch below. (Update: there may be issues viewing the video from the U.S., which are being worked on.) The band's debut British single, "The Mother We Share", will receive a U.S. single release on June 18, the day before the band make their U.S. television debut on "Fallon".
Revisit Ian Cohen's interview with Chvrches and watch the band perform "Recover" at a roller rink for Pitchfork.tv, also below.
Chvrches are currently on tour:
6-15 Montreal, QC -- Le National
6-16 Boston, MA -- Paradise
6-17 New York, NY -- Webster Hall
6-21 Washington, DC -- Black Cat
6-22 Dover, DE -- Firefly Music Festival
6-23 Philadelphia, PA -- Union Transfer
07-06 Arendal, Norway - Hove Festival
07-06 Amsterdam, Netherlands - Pitch Festival
07-14 Balado, Scotland - T in the Park festival
07-16 Nimes, France - Antic Arena*
07-18 Milan, Italy - San Siro*
07-19 Suffolk, England - Latitude Festival
07-20 Berlin, Germany - Melt! Festival
07-21 Castellon, Spain - Benicassim Festival
07-23 Prague, Czech Republic - Synot Tip Arena*
07-25 Warsaw, Poland - National Stadium*
08-02 Sydney, Australia - Oxford Art Factory
08-03 Sydney, Australia - Oxford Art Factory
08-05 Melbourne, Australia - The Corner Hotel
08-10 Tokyo, Japan - Summer Sonic Festival
08-11 Osaka, Japan - Summer Sonic Festival
08-16 Hasselt, Belgium - Pukkelpop Festival
08-17 Biddinghuizen, Netherlands - Lowlands Festival
08-18 Hamburg, Germany - MS Dockville Festival
08-23 Berkshire, England - Reading Festival
08-24 Wetherby, England - Leeds Festival
08-25 Paris, France - Rock en Seine Festival
09-01 County Laois, Ireland - Electric Picnic
09-14 Detroit, MI - Laneway Festival
10-20 Brussels, Belgium - AB Box
10-23 Cologne, Germany - Gebaude 9
10-25 Munich, Germany - Strom
10-26 Berlin, Germany - Postbahnhof
10-29 Copenhagen, Denmark - Vega
10-30 Stockholm, Sweden - Debaser
= supporting Depeche Mode
Embedded content is unavailable.
This dentist had a pretty interesting day when Morimoto Katsu came by for a visit after not having his teeth checked for about a decade. What the dentist found was a huge buildup of calcite and plaque that was caused by: "authentic Japanese cuisine, smoking, and having never flossed." The YouTube video had some information about how bad this situation is: "plaque that is not removed can harden into tartar, a hard mineral deposit that forms on teeth and can only be removed through professional cleaning by a dental professional. When this happens, brushing and cleaning between teeth become more difficult, and gum tissue can become swollen or may bleed. This condition is called gingivitis, the early stage of gum disease."
Advertisement
It is a little hard to tell at first, but if you look closely you can see the color difference where the plaque buildup is on the tooth. The most important thing to take away from watching this video is that it was preventable. Daily brushing and flossing can help prevent this plaque from building up, but once it is there only a professional can remove it. So, if you are having trouble getting your children to brush their teeth, show them this video. (But before doing so, keep in mind that it is a little disturbing to watch).
After the horrific shootings in Parkland, Florida, last week, President Donald Trump said very little about gun policy — but quite a bit about mental health. This has become a common move for many in the GOP, who hope to deflect a growing wave of pressure for stronger gun control laws.
The president spoke of mental health in his prepared remarks on the shooting and in a tweet:
Trump's emphasis on mental health was reiterated by House Speaker Paul Ryan, Florida Gov. Rick Scott, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who announced that he had instructed the “office of Legal Policy to … study the intersection of mental health and criminality.”
As Vox's Matthew Yglesias pointed out, there's considerable irony in President Trump pointing to people with mental illness as his main subject of concern after mass shootings. That's because one of the only actions his administration has taken on gun policy was signing a congressional repeal of an Obama-era rule restricting gun ownership for Social Security beneficiaries who have a psychiatric disability and use a “representative payee” to help manage their finances (typically a friend, family member, or third-party financial manager).
The Obama administration framed that regulation as a rare step forward on gun control that did not require action from a recalcitrant Republican Congress.
Many progressive commentators have been quick to point out Trump's hypocrisy and have condemned the administration for signing the repeal of that rule. As a liberal disability rights activist who continues to fight Trump, these people are normally my allies. But I can't join them in attacking Trump on this issue because Congress was right to repeal this particular regulation. It would have done nothing to prevent the Parkland shooting and would have set a dangerous precedent restricting the rights of people with disabilities without due process.
Who makes use of a “representative payee,” and why?
In December 2016, the Social Security Administration issued a new regulation that had the dubious distinction of bringing together pro-gun groups and advocates for civil rights and people with disabilities, including the ACLU and the Autistic Self Advocacy Network.
The rule required the agency to send names from its database of certain people receiving disability benefits who had a “representative payee” to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). That's a federal database of people prohibited from purchasing a gun. Representative payees can be designated either by the beneficiary, or the agency.
More specifically, the new rule singled out people who use a representative payee and possess a mental impairment. People affected by the rule could have a range of mental disabilities, from dementia to autism to agoraphobia.
Predictably, in the run-up to the debate, gun-control groups and gun-rights groups lined up on opposite sides of the issue. But disability rights groups and civil rights organizations were also concerned that the rule lacked a solid connection to public safety and might serve to restrict the rights of people with mental disabilities in other areas. While there is broad consensus in favor of preventing those deemed as dangerous from owning firearms, not all people with mental illness fall into that category. Needing a representative payee was never intended as a marker that a person might be violent.
The issue had been brewing for a while. As far as back as 2013, the National Council on Disability, on which I served as an Obama appointee, had written to the Vice President's Task Force to Curb Gun Violence pushing back against any measure linking up the SSA representative payee database with the criminal-background-check system. Around the same time, a coalition of 11 major disability rights groups issued a similar warning.
Accessing a representative payee is a common procedure for people with a wide variety of cognitive, developmental, and psychiatric disabilities. Far from implying an individual is permanently incapacitated, a representative payee is often used as a less-restrictive alternative to a court declaration that an individual is incompetent to manage their own affairs.
Representative payees are used in a variety of situations: An aging grandmother might delegate finances to her children, or parents of an autistic young adult might serve as his representative. A middle-aged man with an anxiety disorder might select a representative payee to ensure his rent gets paid on time.
Rhetoric around the rule has described those it would apply to in frightening terms, with references to the “severely mentally ill” or those with “serious debilitating mental illness,” but in fact, people using a representative payee experience many different levels of impairment.
All it means is that an individual may require some assistance in managing their money; particularly for younger people with disabilities, it's a common type of support.
The determination that someone should have a representative payee is very different from the determination that someone should be involuntarily hospitalized, a process that does include an evaluation of someone's risk to themselves and others. I and many other advocates who worked against the representative payee rule have no issue with reasonable restrictions on gun ownership for people in the latter category.
From what we know, the Obama-era rule would not have applied to the Parkland shooter
In Florida, where the Parkland shooting took place, the state's involuntary commitment law, the Baker Act, took 195,000 people into custody for mental health evaluations the 2015-2016 fiscal year, less than 2 percent of whom were ultimately deemed a danger to self or others, and committed. (Many advocates fear that the Baker Act is overused, particularly for children.)
Most news reports have failed to note that, based on the best information available to us, the Parkland shooter would not have been identified by either definition of mental illness: He did not seem to have a representative payee or have a prior history of court-ordered involuntary commitment.
Much of the media discussion on this topic has been too broad — conflating many very different possible policies under the nebulous goal of “preventing the mentally ill from buying guns.”
But “people with a mental illness” is a vast category. In the most expansive definition, it covers about one in six Americans: nearly 45 million people. No one intends to restrict gun ownership for all those people. Instead, restrictions focus on specific definitions of mental illness. But whatever definition is used should have some reasonable link to protecting the public.
We worried this could set a precedent for other restrictions on autonomy
During my time at the Autistic Self Advocacy Network, I heard from a number of autistic adults who were concerned that their use of a representative payee would prevent them from taking part in hunting and other aspects of rural culture involving firearms.
“The rule didn't care that I'm not a danger to myself or others,” wrote Savannah Logsdon-Breakstone, an autistic woman who would have been impacted by the regulation, “[or] that having a ‘rep payee' manage my finances has been a boon for my mental health, one that has allowed me to decrease the impact that my anxiety has on my ability to live in my community. It just made an assumption, not based in evidence, that if I need help with my finances that I must be a danger.”
Still, the primary reason I and other disability advocates opposed the rep payee rule is less about guns than it is about the precedent the rule might set for other kinds of rights.
These concerns are rooted in discrimination that people with mental disabilities face in other areas of life, such as parenting and voting rights. People with mental disabilities often face an assumption of incapacity. Their advocates and lawyers often have to fight to overturn assumptions that a certain diagnosis, or a determination of need for support in one area, should lead to a loss of rights in an unrelated area. These advocates feared that using the representative payee database for prohibiting gun purchases might constitute a “thin end of the wedge” for loss of more important rights down the road.
Others have pointed out that many jobs require clearance through the NICS database, even for roles in security, construction, transportation or other businesses that don't directly require the handling of a firearm. For those roles, even a temporary use of a representative payee could have barred future employment in those fields.
While some of these harms may seem minor or speculative to some, they are very real to a mental disability community that is heavily and inappropriately stigmatized by unfounded perceptions of violence.
It's not just that no research supports the premise that those who use representative payees are more likely to be perpetrators of gun violence than members of the general population. It's also that the statute authorizing representative payees explicitly allows people to make use of the program “regardless of the legal competency or incompetency of the qualified individual.” For many of these people, the system is a voluntary support they have chosen to access — and shouldn't be penalized for using.
In the gun violence debate, both parties have failed people with mental disabilities
It was ironic to see the GOP adopt the role of champion for the rights of people with psychiatric disabilities in the gun control debate (at least surrounding this rule). For the past several years, many in the Republican Party have deliberately demonized this group to shift the conversation away from sensible firearms restrictions.
Shortly after the Newtown massacre, the same NRA that collaborated with the disability community in opposing the Social Security rule issued a bizarre and terrifying proposal for “an active national database of the mentally ill,” a far more expansive proposal than anything to come out of the Obama administration.
Subsequently, Republicans began consistently pointing to those with mental health diagnoses as the real cause of the nation's gun violence problem. Led by Rep. Tim Murphy (R-PA), who has since resigned, they introduced legislation to strip people with psychiatric disabilities of HIPAA privacy protections, limit legal aid to the community, and dramatically expand coercive treatment.
Back then, congressional Democrats bravely stood up to Rep. Murphy's proposals, and the Republican leadership withdrew the worst of them. In 2016, a dramatically weakened version of the original Murphy bill passed Congress, with the most counterproductive provisions, like the HIPAA rollback, stripped back to mostly symbolic measures.
This advocacy was rooted in an understanding that people with mental disabilities should not lose their civil rights because of their diagnoses. In standing up to Rep. Murphy's proposals, Democrats showed they understood that mental illness was being used as a distraction, as a way for Republicans to avoid discussing opposition to politically popular proposals, such as a ban on assault rifles or high-capacity magazines.
Now, in the aftermath of Parkland, President Trump and other Republicans seem to once again be seeking to stigmatize people with disabilities rather than pursue common sense solutions around gun control for the general public.
People with disabilities deserve better than to be used as props in the country's ongoing — and so far stalemated — arguments over gun control.
Ari Ne'eman is the CEO of MySupport.com, an online platform helping people with disabilities, seniors, and families to manage their in-home services. From 2006 to 2016 he served as president of the Autistic Self Advocacy Network, and from 2010 to 2015 he was one of President Obama's appointees to the National Council on Disability. @aneeman
The Big Idea is Vox's home for smart, often scholarly excursions into the most important issues and ideas in politics, science, and culture — typically written by outside contributors. If you have an idea for a piece, pitch us at thebigidea@vox.com.
What a magnificently prolific and dissolute year we've had at Theatre Bizarre. An unprecedented series of events emerged, and with them, the emergence of the many secrets and many lies of The Great Deception. We trust you all enjoyed the ride.
After a long week of aiding in the ethereal escape of Theatre Bizarre back into the shadows, we have finally marked an end to another great year (Well… almost. Some crews are still in the building; cleaning, storing and inventorying, along with our Controller, who will be sorting this mess until the end of the year.). The lights have all dimmed, the walls have all fallen, and Zombo slumbers once more. Now, with another chapter closed for Theatre Bizarre, we would like to take a moment to acknowledge each and every person, beast, creature, and otherwise who have aided in creating the inconceivable. From the performers on the stages, in the halls, and throughout the many rooms of the Temple, to those behind the curtain to ensure all the gears are turning, and also to all those who have joined us to see another year of our unholy masquerade - this show would not exist without you.
The incomprehensible amount of folks to thank is difficult to sum up quickly, and the scale of our performers and crew is as large as their dedication, a mere thanks never quite seems like enough. There were so many changes behind the scenes this year - with new spaces, new managers, new crew, and in some cases, a new approach. A lot of department changes happened and were handled so beautifully: the costume department, the volunteer leads, credentials, the hair stylists and make-up team, the audio crews, the lighting department, the fabric team, the pumpkin masters, gatherers, and carvers, everyone that kept the office running smooth and the coffee flowing, the cabinetmakers and painters, the candy jar fillers, candy corn wranglers, the candle lighters, the soundscape designers, the smoke machine operators, the projectionists, the Zombo prize sewers, the parking attendants, stagers, flip crew, fire & safety, the merch crew, our security leads, the fixer, and those who put their heart and soul into changing thousands of light bulbs, and solving thousands of problems…
Our installation crews working tirelessly, and poring themselves into every detail in every corner of the building. Our on-site managers and logistic princess toiling away to make sure everything runs smoothly. The stage managers and stagehands, the tech crews, the pa's, the ones hanging floor signs and concealing coke machines, the first-aid crew and EMTs, the photographers and videographers, all of the people that fed us when we had no time to feed ourselves - craft services, the caterers, and the folks that dropped off food for our workers, just to name a few. The Masonic Temple, for trusting us to honor such a historic and unparalleled building that is as much of the atmosphere of the new Theatre Bizarre as any set dressing. The clowns and devils, the trick-or-treaters, the acrobats and cats, and all of the performers and their impeccable safeties, the MC's, the suspension crews, the infernal guard, the go-go dancers, the facility ghouls cleaning up after drunks, elevator operators as our lifeline in the building, ticket takers, game carnies, fortune tellers, wandering musicians and stationary musical ensembles made for their stages in the halls, the doormen, ushers and popcorn girls, the ice cream servers and soda jerks, the train conductors, the tortured souls and the green fairies - all attending countless hours of orientations, fittings, training, rehearsals, not to mention the time in the makeup chair leading up to the physical and mental exhaustion of performing for such a long stretch and covering so much ground, running several marathons through brutal terrain. And also all the performers throughout the world who may not attend months and months of prep for our event alone, but who lend us the skills they've spent a lifetime developing to create special moments in every room throughout the temple. The burlesque performers, the bands, the freaks and geeks and everyone in between. The lists could go on forever, and we're sorry if we missed anyone in trying to highlight the incredible scope of this event and the gratitude we have for every single person involved.
This also wouldn't be complete without acknowledging all those who spread the unholy word of Theatre Bizarre to their friends and families, year after year. The people who spend months and months handcrafting some of the most exquisite costumes we've ever seen to add to the elegance and curiosity of our event. The people who return every passing year to see the new talent coming to our show, or to see the new acts of imagination and insanity from our returning performers. The people who enter inside, eager to have an indescribable adventure, engaging and adding to the grand revelry.
All of this would only be possible through the blood, sweat and tears of every person, giving everything they have to pull off the extraordinary. We can't thank you enough. We extend our sincerest gratitude to everyone who has allowed us to continue our procession into the curious and unknown. From all of us to all of you.... cheers to another year, and for more to come... Thank you all.
I hate national tragedies.
Of course, yes, in the large sense, I hate them just like everyone does. I was obsessed and devastated by the Boston Marathon bombing and subsequent manhunt.
And just starting to write this paragraph, the mental image of that Sandy Hook classroom flickered across my imagination, and made me physically cringe. As a dad, I can't even stand the thought for more than the split second before I banish it from my mind.
But I'm speaking professionally. I'm a cartoonist whose weekly comic strip ("Tom the Dancing Bug") often deals with topical issues. So while I join the nation in mourning, and feeling real, knee-buckling grief, I have the infuriating chore of thinking about how I'm going to deal with the issue in my humorous comic strip. I'm not in a comedy mood, and neither are you.
The week after the Newtown tragedy, I punted. My readers may have found it strange to see a Christmas Carol satire of the Supreme Court; I just couldn't stomach trying to grapple with the tragedy at that moment.
And in particular, I couldn't stomach trying to come up with yet another take on how our nation's insane gun laws have taken yet another monstrous toll on young lives. I'd done that after Columbine. And after Virginia Tech. And many, many other times.
And however clever, cute or scathing my little scribblings were, the realization that I'd have to keep coming up with fresh, new ones each time our nation's political system failed dozens of newly murdered innocents was too depressing to contemplate.
So this time, I decided to deal with the issue head on: For the first time in my career, not as a satirist, but as an advocate.
This issue feels different and more urgent to me, both in terms of the stakes, and the precarious policy balance that can be shifted with enough voices.
I joined a team at Mayors Against Illegal Guns's "Demand Action" campaign, to organize a video showcasing cartoonists standing up to fight gun violence.
When I contacted other cartoonists to try to enlist them to contribute illustrations for the video, I was shocked at how many were as eager as I was to shed, for this singular issue, our humorist/satirist/storyteller badges, and get involved in this politically charged issue.
The great children's book author Mo Willems responded to my invitation to participate simply with, "I'm in. Tell me what you want and when." He pointed me to a blog post he had just written:
"I realize I am in no way an expert on the debate over weapons in our society. I make simple books for children. As such, I try very hard not to discuss my political or social opinions.
"I hope you will excuse this singular exception, which I have granted myself because the people I write for, my audience, are being slaughtered with remarkably little effort because of the easy access that people have to very powerful weapons."
Roz Chast, one of the preeminent New Yorker cartoonists, wrote back to me that she lived not far from Newtown, and was deeply affected by the tragedy. She also simply wanted to know what she could do to help.
I was astounded as I asked for this favor from an stellar array of cartoonists -- Art Spiegelman, Garry Trudeau, etc. (a list of the participating cartoonists follows the article) -- and their response was to thank me for taking on the task, and for including them.
We were able to enlist the enthusiastic participation of Academy Award-winning producer/director Peggy Stern, animators from Buffalo Pictures, and the composer Ron Sadoff.
And talent was no less supportive when it came time to find the video's narrators. For what other issue could you hope to team up Philip Seymour Hoffman with "The Family Circus"? Or Julianne Moore with "Zits"?
I stood in amazement as Pulitzer Prize winners, best-selling authors, award-winning actors and filmmakers, all simply and gratefully said, "Yes!" when approached to help fight gun violence. Not humorously commenting, satirizing, or telling metaphorical stories -- actually advocating and demanding political action.
I think this is representative of a real change in the national mood. We're all tired of allowing one special interest group shove our country into an insane and unimaginatively destructive legislative position. We all see that so much good could be done by banding together to fight our way out of this.
It's this singular issue that has spurred this group of cartoonists and artists to stop merely hating these national tragedies, but to stand up from our drawing boards and say, "Enough."
The cartoonists who contributed to the Cartoonists Demand Action To End Gun Violence video are:
Idiots are everywhere. But how often can you use the word idiot without falling into the idiocy of word repetition? Sure, there are other common words such as moron, dolt and dumbass, but those terms are also easily worn out. Fortunately, there are many old, mostly forgotten terms ready for a revival. When idiots arise, please sprinkle these 11 words for lunkheads into your Facebook posts, think pieces, and doomsday prophecies.
1. JOBBERNOWL
This colorful word, which sounds distinctly Lewis Carroll-y, has two idiot-related uses: it can be a dum-dum or a dum-dum's head. Its meaning is very close to numbskull, and it has a rarer variation meaning “general stupidity”: jobbernowlism.
2. NIDDY-NODDY
There's something childishly awesome (or awesomely childish?) about words like jibber-jabber, higgledy-piggledy, and choo-choo. Here's one for someone whose mental choo-choo train is stalled. As a bonus, it has a clear origin: In the 1600s, niddy-noddy referred to an involuntary dropping (nodding) of the head, kind of like when you fall asleep on an airplane, then jolt yourself awake. The association with drowsiness led the word to the lexicon of idiocy.
3. STOOKIE
A stookie was originally a type of wax statue or other dummy. That made for a smooth transition to real people who aren't much brighter. You can see that statuesque influence in this 1948 use from The Aberdeen Press and Journal: “The civic representatives all standing like ‘stookies' as they had not got the words of the Psalm they were singing.” Stookies are dummies—literally and figuratively.
4. PUZZLEHEAD
This term isn't totally out of use, and it does have a positive sense as a crossword or jigsaw puzzle enthusiast. But since the early 1800s, a puzzlehead has also been a person who is confused, as if his mind were a Jenga game that went on a little too long. That's how brains work, right? Damn it, I'm a lexicographer, not a brainologist.
5. MERRY-ANDREW
The original meaning for this term was a clown—and it's a slippery slope from buffoonery-that-entertains to buffoonery-that-annoys. This 1910 use from H.H. Richardson's Getting of Wisdom means something close to dunce: “She grew cautious, and hesitated discreetly before returning one of those ingenuous answers, which, in the beginning, had made her the merry-andrew of the class.”
6. DIZZARD
A dizzard was originally a jester in the 1500s. Since jesters were also called fools, it's no wonder the word migrated to Idiocy Land. The similarity to dizzy is no accident, as lightness of head is often linked to stupidity of brain.
7. DODDYPOLL
The origins of this term—which go back to at least the early 1400s—suggest it comes from a definition of dod: to make a head rounder. So a doddypoll has an excessively round head, the kind the owner might let roll away at any moment.
8. DUNDERWHELP
You're probably familiar with dunderhead, which is one of many noggin-related words for idiots, such as meathead and stupidhead. But the dunderhead has a forgotten sibling: the dunderwhelp, who is presumably a chip off the old blockhead. A similar term is dunderpate, which turns up in an 1809 use from Washington Irving's A Knickerbocker's History of New York: “A dunderpate, like the owl, the stupidest of birds.” In your face, owls with graduation caps.
9. CLODPATE
Speaking of pate, that old word for the head opened a lot of doors when it comes to naming idiots. In addition to clodpate—a word for someone with a thick head—other insults include doddy-pate, jolter-pate, muddle-pate, puzzle-pate, rattle-pate, and shallow-pate. I love shallow-pate, which was used in a sexism-skewering sentence from 1930 in Time & Tide magazine: “To confound the shallow-pates who complained that a suffragist must be a dowd, the leader of the W.S.P.U. appeared on platforms clothed in Paris frocks.” I reckon we could easily bring pate back. Lord knows we're surrounded by douchepates and jerkpates.
10. SUMPH
Dating from the 1700s, the origin of this mostly Scottish word is uncertain, but I can confirm that it has a unique, guttural sound that pairs well with idiocy. If I said my cousin is a sumph, you could probably guess he hasn't authored many peer-reviewed journal articles.
11. NINNYHAMMER
I hate to play favorites and I never exaggerate, but this is the best word ever. It's such a glorious mash-up: the namby-pambiness of a ninny and the power of a hammer don't seem to go together, but they combine to make an insult that combines a ninny's lack of conviction with a hammer's lack of brainpower. This word dates from the late 1500s, and this 1622 poem by Samuel Rowlands voices a self-deprecating regret: “I might haue beene a scholler, learn'd my Grammar, But I haue lost all like a Ninnie-hammer.” Some heroic writers still use this term, like Colby Cosh in McLean's who recently dismissed some economists like so: “Goggle-eyed ninnyhammers, the lot of 'em!”
ASHLAND, Ore. (AP) — After scraping together a mound of zucchini, broccoli, beef, pineapple and noodles on a big round Mongolian grill, Kevin Wallace measured out a shot of grapeseed oil infused with hashish and poured it over the steaming food, setting off a sizzle.
Thirteen years after Oregon became one of the first states to make medical marijuana legal, Wallace and business partner Michael Shea think they've found a way to fit in the big gray area between making a living from medical marijuana and going to jail.
Marijuana is indelibly associated with food, whether it is chemotherapy patients using the drug to try to develop an appetite, or, farcically, a couple of stoners with an overpowering case of the munchies in “Harold & Kumar Go To White Castle.” Secret “herb dinners” with appetizers, entrees and desserts are reported in newspaper food sections. One restaurant chain, CHeBA HUT, is based on a marijuana theme. And patrons of the World Famous Cannabis Cafe in Portland can get a burger or lasagna packing a pot punch in between choruses of karaoke.
But restaurants where marijuana is the focus have had trouble gaining traction. The customer base is, after all, limited to medical marijuana cardholders. And any enterprise associated with medical marijuana will quickly come under scrutiny.
At the Earth Dragon Edibles Restaurant & Lounge in Ashland, Wallace and Shea are trying to bring Mongolian barbecue dosed with medical marijuana to a higher level, though they are still feeling their way through the fuzzy legalities of it all.
An Oregon medical marijuana card is required to get in the door. Inside, the place looks and operates pretty much like any other little Asian-style restaurant, with the smells of teriyaki and sounds of the grill filling the air. A wall hanging at the back depicts ganja guru Bob Marley. Diners go through a check list of vegetables, sauces, meats and tofu, and whether their bowl will be regular, large, or unlimited. One difference is the boxes to check for medicated or unmedicated. If medicated, there are three strengths. Cheesecake, candies and cookies, medicated or not, are also available.
While they wait, diners can use the hash bar, choosing from an assortment of glass pipes, a vaporizer, or a bong, hashish or bud. Marijuana donations are encouraged.
Operating under the theory that it is no crime for one patient to share medicine with another, all the marijuana — whether in the food or at the hash bar — is free. And unlike the marijuana cafes in Portland, there is no membership fee.
“I know it's a little weird,” said Shea.
Ashland itself could be considered a little weird. Close to the California border and home to the Oregon Shakespeare Festival, it is an outpost of liberalism in conservative southwestern Oregon. Think of it as a little Berkeley in the middle of Orange County. It is also within the Green Triangle, one of the nation's best marijuana-growing climates. This corner of Oregon has the highest per capita rate of medical marijuana use in the state.
Wallace and Shea render their medical marijuana into hashish, infuse that into oil or glycerin, and eat it, believing that is healthier than smoking. With few patients able to do that, they felt they should share their skills to help others.
“That's how Mommy raised me,” said Wallace.
Wallace, 45, was a carpenter until a 4-by-4 fell on his head, compressing his spine. He remains on disability, but marijuana got him off conventional painkillers. Shea, 52, taught at his wife's preschool. He uses marijuana to treat pain from an old neck injury. Wallace already had a business license in nearby Medford making candies and chili dosed with hashish.
At the grand opening a week ago, staff had to ask one patient to put out his blunt — marijuana rolled in a tobacco wrapper — because it violated Oregon's law against smoking in restaurants.
Otherwise, there was no heat until the city sent back their business license request, saying a local ordinance barred licenses for anyone violating state or federal law.
Police chief Terry Holderness said busting Earth Dragon Edibles is not a top priority.
“Nobody's life is at risk here,” said Holderness. “We will prioritize this appropriately. But ultimately, if they are in violation of the law, they will be shut down.”
The owner of Denver's Ganja Gourmet knows the feeling. Steve Horwitz said when he opened in 2009, people passed around a bong while dining on eggplant parmigiana and pizza made with cannabis. But Colorado changed its medical marijuana law, and he had to scale back to takeout and groceries.
“It was the future about five years before its time,” he said.
Wallace and Shea remain open while appealing. They hope that if they keep separate bottles of hashish-infused oil on hand for each member/patient, rather than sharing their own stash, the city will no longer object.
Christine Totten, 24, came in with two fellow volunteers from The Greenery, a local medical marijuana resource center.
“I like to support the cannabis community we have going on,” said Totten. “It's kind of cool to have a place to hang out.”
After a couple hits off the bong at the hash bar, she sat down to a medicated bowl of beef and broccoli, pronouncing it delicious.
“You can't really taste it that much,” she said of the hashish oil.
Something in the article Why not a war on global warming? in The Globe and Mail has attracted my attention. It was not the idiotic title (which received an excellent retort in the comments: “How about a war on Plate Tectonics?”). It was the article author's retelling of the words of Carter Roberts, head of the World Wildlife Fund:
“The situation, he suggested, comes down to four basic possibilities. If the scientists are wrong, and we do nothing, little changes. If they are wrong and we act, the worst that will happen will be an economic stimulus that will result in a cleaner environment, a more technologically integrated world and a healthier planet. If they are right …”
“Economic stimulus” nonsense aside, he seriously addressed the possibility that climate alarmism is wrong, and marked retreat paths for himself. He also hinted that the blame will be laid on “the scientists.” We should stay tuned.
The Minnesota House took a first step Thursday toward repealing sick-leave ordinances in Minneapolis and St. Paul, and blocking all Minnesota cities from raising wages or mandating workplace benefits for their residents.
The 76-53 vote followed more than four hours of floor speeches, most of them from DFLers decrying the bill as an attempt to strip local control from cities and place the concerns of businesses over those of workers. Those arguments failed to sway Republicans, who said a patchwork of labor regulations around the state will make it harder and costlier to do business in Minnesota. All GOP lawmakers present for the debate voted in support of the bill, along with two DFLers.
The bill, proposed by Rep. Pat Garofalo, R-Farmington, garnered support from some of the state's most powerful business organizations and some business owners. Workers, labor and faith groups, many of whom advocated for the sick leave ordinances in Minneapolis and St. Paul, organized against the bill. Many of those opponents turned out at committee hearings and at Thursday's session.
Lawmakers from both sides argued Thursday that the bill's passage — or failure — would harm the state's economy and its residents. Garofalo said his bill codifies a practice that's gone on for decades: the state, rather than cities, setting labor rules in order to make them consistent. “If businesses don't know the rules they're going to be operating under, they're not going to grow in Minnesota, they're not going to add jobs in Minnesota,” he said.
DFLers, meanwhile, said they are listening to a growing chorus from workers who earn low wages, don't have sick leave, and have turned to their cities for help. Rep. Rena Moran, DFL-St. Paul, said GOP supporters of the bill were making an abrupt turn from their typical stance on local control, and valuing the needs of businesses above those of workers.
“I can't believe the Republicans are doing this,” she said. “You strive [for] and live on local governance … why are we silencing the voices of local control now?”
Much of the floor debate Thursday evening echoed testimony offered in lengthy and well-attended committee hearings on the bill last month. Before the House went into session Thursday, opponents of the bill held a news conference and demonstrated outside of the House chamber. About 200 people carried signs and chanted, though the crowd dwindled when House members recessed for more than two hours.
In a news conference, workers, advocates and a few DFLers called the bill an attempt to stifle local democracy. Several said sick leave and minimum-wage changes in Minneapolis and St. Paul are aimed at helping people of color, and that the pre-emption bill would exacerbate existing racial disparities.
Meanwhile, the Minnesota Chamber of Commerce on Thursday sent a letter to each member of the House, offering support for the bill. Chamber President Douglas Loon urged lawmakers to act on the “troubling new trend” of workplace mandates passed by Minnesota cities. He said requirements about wages and benefits could drive businesses' costs up and force them to lay off workers or cut benefits.
Rep. Matt Dean, R-Dellwood said he agreed with DFLers that workers often face an uphill battle to get ahead, but not with the idea that cities should step in.
“People are working harder and harder, they're getting less and less, and that is a problem,” he said. “But when we look to cities and city councils and their political aspirations, they're not going to solve that problem.”
During the debate, DFL lawmakers offered — then withdrew — a few amendments proposing statewide sick leave, family leave and other workplace benefits and protections.
Rep. Paul Thissen, DFL-Minneapolis, said his colleagues were trying to draw attention to economic and racial disparities in the state that could be reduced with broader workplace mandates.
“The reason that we're offering these amendments tonight is because our workplace in Minnesota is not working for many, many Minnesotans,” he said.
So far, Minneapolis and St. Paul are the only cities in the state to pass sick-leave mandates for businesses.
Both cities' ordinances are set to go into effect July 1. In Duluth, the city has formed a task force to look into a potential sick-leave ordinance.
Minneapolis, meanwhile, is holding community meetings on a proposal to raise the minimum wage. Mayor Betsy Hodges says passing a higher wage — perhaps up to $15 per hour — is a priority this year.
Senate committees have approved a companion to the House bill, but it has not yet had a full vote. If the GOP-majority Senate also approves the measure, it will still face a formidable hurdle in DFL Gov. Mark Dayton, who has said the bill is driven by businesses to keep wages down in the state's two largest cities.
Photo
For years, gynecologists have had a bird's-eye view on a phenomenon that is now so popular as to be almost commonplace: female genitalia, bereft of hair.
Sometimes called “grooming,” the practice of shearing off pubic hair — parodied on “Saturday Night Live,” celebrated as a girl-bonding ritual by various “Real Housewives” — has prompted sexual health experts to ask what motivates women to do it.
A new study published in the journal JAMA Dermatology on Wednesday confirmed just how widespread the practice is. Sixty-two percent of a nationally representative sample of 3,316 women said they opted for complete removal of their pubic hair at least once; 84 percent reported some grooming.
But while previous research showed that women groom to facilitate sexual activity, this survey found the overwhelming majority said they did so for hygiene.
That perception troubled researchers. “Many women think they are dirty and unclean if they haven't groomed,” said Dr. Tami S. Rowen, an obstetrician-gynecologist and the lead author of the study.
The study found that the practice crossed all ages and races. But the women most inclined to groom are younger, between the ages of 18 and 34. They were more likely to be white, with at least some college education. The researchers did not find associations between grooming and income or marital status.
Anecdotally, gynecologists say they are seeing girls as young as 13 take up grooming, when they have only recently come into puberty. The teenagers, doctors said, are influenced by locker room jeers, social media chatter, and even internet pornography, where female genitalia is often displayed as hairless and almost prepubescent.
“At least once a week I hear from a young woman that she thinks it's wrong to have pubic hair, that it's meant to be removed,” said Dr. Jennifer Gunter, who specializes in pelvic pain and vulvovaginal disorders for Kaiser Permanente Northern California. “Grooming has become so common that people think that's the norm.”
Pubic hair functions as a protective cushion for sensitive skin, and has its own hygienic purpose, trapping bacteria and preventing it from entering the vaginal opening. “Prepubertal girls have a higher incidence of irritation because they don't have that protection,” Dr. Gunter said.
Dr. Rowen, an assistant professor at the University of California San Francisco School of Medicine, is concerned about grooming's prevalence both because of a spate of health problems linked to it, and because of what it may suggest about women's self-image.
She and other doctors have seen grooming-related cases of folliculitis, abscesses, lacerations, allergic reactions to waxing burns, as well as vulvar and vaginal infections. One study has noted that 3 percent of emergency room visits for genitourinary trauma are a result of grooming.
Although some researchers speculate that micro-abrasions and nicks from grooming may facilitate the spread of sexually transmitted infections, no large studies have definitively made that connection. A paper from one clinic did note, however, the rise in the number of so-called Brazilian waxes among patients (men as well as women) and a concurrent decline in pubic hair lice.
But it was this study's finding that women associate grooming with health and hygiene — many said they groomed before a visit to a health care provider — that disturbs many gynecologists. Women were self-conscious even in private, medical settings.
“I've had women say, ‘I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to clean up down there,'” said Dr. Cheryl B. Iglesia, a professor of obstetrics-gynecology and urology at Georgetown University School of Medicine.
Emphasizing that pubic hair patterns vary widely, according to women's stages of development, ethnicity and individuality, Dr. Iglesia lamented the popularity of the narrow standard of what she calls “the Barbie doll look.”
The results of this study are part of a larger project looking at grooming by men as well as women, exploring demographics, motivation, perceptions, sexual behavior and health habits.
Women were more likely to groom if their partner expressed a preference for it, the study found. But while earlier smaller studies had shown a link between grooming and sexual activity, particularly oral sex, this study found that while some women groomed for that purpose, it was not the primary reason: For example, 22 percent of the women reported grooming around the area of the anus, but only 10 percent had partaken in anally related sexual activity in the prior year.
Instead, the researchers said, providers of health care and aesthetic treatments should become attuned to the diversity of reasons that women groom. The women also said they did so for vacation and because they see their own genitalia as more attractive when groomed.
“If it is something you do for you and makes you feel better, awesome,” Dr. Gunter said.
But noting that 59 percent of the survey's responders said they groomed for hygienic reasons, she added, “But don't tell yourself it's healthy or better from a medical standpoint.”
TOKYO -- Kansai Electric Power Co. and KDDI, one of Japan's three leading mobile service providers, plan to team up and offer package discounts, sources said Saturday.
Kansai Electric and KDDI, which also offers optical line services, will initially provide the discount packages in the Tokyo metropolitan area, Tokyo Electric Power Co.'s traditional service area. The partners will later consider expanding into other areas, such as the Tokai region in central Japan.
Kansai Electric, based in Osaka, western Japan, is the nation's second-largest electric utility by sales after Tepco. Kansai Electric and KDDI plan to launch the discount packages during fiscal 2016, which begins next April.
Kansai Electric's move coincides with the planned full liberalization of Japan's retail electricity market that same month, when households and other small-lot electricity users will be able to freely choose their suppliers.
At present, households and other small-lot electricity users can purchase electricity only from their region's major electric power company. The retail electricity market for factories and other large-lot users has already been liberalized.
Kansai Electric hopes to use the alliance to grab customers from Tepco. To secure enough electricity, the utility is planning to build large-scale thermal power plants in the Tokyo metropolitan area and elsewhere.
Kansai Electric has incurred net losses for four consecutive years, through fiscal 2014, due to its reliance on thermal power generation. Japan shut down its nuclear power plants after the 2011 earthquake and tsunami led to three meltdowns at Tepco's Fukushima Daiicihi plant.
KDDI also expects to gain subscribers through the alliance. It currently has some 43 million subscribers to its mobile phone services across Japan, including about 18 million in the Kanto region, around Tokyo.
Tepco, meanwhile, is poised to form a similar alliance with SoftBank, another of Japan's leading mobile carriers, and expand into the Kansai region and elsewhere.
(Nikkei)
CNN counterterrorism analyst and former CIA agent Philip Mudd said on air “the government's gonna kill” Donald Trump because he disrespected the deep state.
Mudd subsequently clarified that he meant the phrase metaphorically, but the comments have caused alarm amongst Trump supporters.
“Let me give you one bottom line – as a former government official, the government's gonna kill this guy,” said Mudd.
“He defends Vladimir Putin, there are State Department and CIA officers coming home and at Langley and in Foggy Bottom CIA are saying, this is how you defend us?'” Mudd added.
CNN analyst on Trump: "The government's gonna kill this guy." https://t.co/ymqwNErhWv pic.twitter.com/4WAA1WENgp — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) August 11, 2017
CNN host Jake Tapper subsequently gave Mudd a chance to clarify his comments, remarking, “Obviously when you're talking about killing you're using that as a metaphor.”
“Well obviously yeah,” responded Mudd, before going on to say, “People talk about the deep state, when you disrespect government officials who've done 20 or 30 years, they're gonna say ‘really – Vladimir Putin sends officers home and you support him before you support us?'”
Mudd's clarification was odd because of his reference to the “deep state” immediately after he talked about the government killing Trump.
As we have exhaustively documented, talk of a deep state coup against Trump has been doing the rounds for months.
Pastor Rodney Howard-Browne recently claimed that he was told by a senior Republican Congressman that there was a plot to “remove Trump suddenly from office”. Browne said the plan was to “take the president out,” by a method other than impeachment or indictment.
In comments made during the Aspen Security Forum, former CIA Director John Brennan said that if the White House tries to fire special counsel Robert Mueller, executive branch officials should “refuse to carry out” that order, which is effectively a call for a coup.
Last month, Rush Limbaugh also told his audience, “There is a coup underway, being led by the media with accomplices in the Democrat Party and a number of international players, to reject the outcome of the election, to undermine the presidency of Donald Trump, and, if the wish list were realized, to get rid of him.”
Meanwhile, CNN has dispensed with pro-Trump commentator Jeffrey Lord because he offended a leftist on Twitter by making reference to fascism and Nazis, something that leftists do every single day.
Firing managers is commonplace in soccer. The quickest fix to a sinking ship or ship floating adrift at sea is relieving the head coach of his command. Maybe its my usual nature to be one of the last to join any coach firing fan contingent, but I feel Hackworth earned at least one more offseason in charge. For as much as I find disagreeable about Hack's managing decisions, I don't believe a Mike Petke or Caleb Porter (two managers who were hired last offseason) takes this team much further teetering on either side of the playoff line.
The most common motivation for firing a manager is if he loses the locker room. That's not the case in Chester. Except when playing for the U.S. Open Cup, the Union's young and old were an irrepressible bunch, fighting tooth and nail to find extra goals at the end of matches or prevent them from occurring. If the Union failed to score or let in a backbreaking goal like Saturday afternoon against Sporting KC, it was usually because of their own talent deficiencies. In the media the players have expressed nothing but one hundred percent backing of Hackworth, even when the team suffered through win-less streaks or when enigmatic midfielder Freddy Adu was exiled from the team. It stands to reason that a large part of Hack's locker room popularity lies in the fact that his Polish predecessor was such an erratic and arrogant gentleman, and Hackworth backs his players in press conferences even to the detriment of his public image.
Working with a limited budget thanks to dead money from buyouts and transfer fees occupying nearly a third of the team's salary cap, Hackworth kept his 2012 offseason transactions stateside and made a few moves (Casey, Le Toux, Parke) that all generated positive results. The Union were left without a first round pick thanks to the failed Bakary Soumare deal, so the Union spent a couple round picks on left backs Don Anding and Stephen Okai. Okai was a bust, but missing out on second round picks (especially in the age of MLS academies) isn't much to fuss over when nearly most of the players don't contribute at all or play in the reserve leagues during their rookie year. Don Anding spent most of the season on loan in Harrisburg, and figures to be part of the Union's 2014 roster.
As soon as the season started, Hackworth's biggest priority was draining the roster of its poisonous contracts created by his Polish predecessor. After reportedly refusing to play Adu and asking him to take a 75% pay cut to stay on the team, Hackworth managed to successfully move Adu's bloated contract to Bahia, but on the condition that the team take Jose Kleberson on loan. While Kleberson is arguably the most decorated veteran on the roster, he's a defensive midfielder, not a box-to-box one (at least at his salary). Going forward I don't think he's the answer for this ailing midfield. In the final month when he played in the central midfield in place of the oft-criticized Keon Daniel, the Union offense still failed to generate good chances in open play. However, there's no question that when he arrived here and after he recovered from a June injury suffered in Toronto that he should've played more.
Next, Hackworth took advantage of the chaos to trade Gabriel Farfan for what-is-now the second pick of the 2014 MLS Superdraft, and then moved Bakary Soumare to Chicago to effectively unload part of his 2013 salary and his entire 2014 salary. Farfan and Soumare both desired more playing time than they were even going to earn this season, and both moves allowed the Union to sign Oka Nikolov, Fabinho, and Gilberto Souza during the summer. While Souza's impact is yet to be known (Hack stated immediately that he wasn't going to feature prominently this season), Nikolov's arrival brought about an immediate step up in Zac MacMath's goalkeeping, and Fabinho brought about mixed results as a speedy winger/wingback on the left side.
Hack's moves have been a moderate success considering his limited budget. However, this winter the Union cap situation will finally clear up, and it'll be time for Hackworth and the front office to prove to fans that they don't have a barrel of money stashed in a dark warehouse next to the Ark of the Covenant. Ricardo Ansaldi has to prove he hasn't spent this year just sipping mates and help this club a potential starting box-to-box central midfielder, left winger, and left back.
The box-to-box midfielder is the most crucial purchase because that'll help this team play a more attractive brand of soccer, another critique many fans have also laid at the feet of Hackworth. The lack of pure, reliable creative midfielders on the roster this season was probably limited to Michael Farfan and Roger Torres.
Farfan had some good moments here and there when he wasn't being played out of position on the wing, though I'd much rather see him come off the bench in the future if he's going to be on the team. Earlier in the season I wrote a fanpost about why I didn't rate Torres nearly as high as most of the fanbase. While most fans see him as the club's most exciting player (and admittedly, the source of my favorite Union goal ever), I see a 140-pound midfielder who's not very quick, gets knocked off the ball too often, and has never played well during a match for more than 30 minutes at a time. In addition, Torres has a tendency to hold the ball in place before delivering a long ball; that element goes against Hack's desire to keep the ball moving. Unless the team needs to a central midfielder to help the team push hard for a goal, I don't see any reason to bring Torres on the field.
It's true the Union has played ugly, unwatchable soccer during much of this season. Part of that has to do with Hack's conservative brand of soccer that relied on goals from counterattacks and set pieces. However, I believe the dearth of talent is the biggest reason the team can look so bad at times. Everyone wishes their team could play like Arsenal or Borussia Dortmund, but a team needs the appropriate players like Mesut Ozil and Marco Reus to execute that playing style. Besides, Jose Mourinho's Chelsea and Real Madrid teams were and have been ultra-conservative at times, but dynamic players like Ronaldo and Juan Mata are able to dazzle and leave fans wanting more. There are creative talents like Dillon Powers stateside and Diego Valeri abroad that can play hard-nosed, physical soccer and exploit holes in opposing defenses regularly. It's up to the front office and scouting unit to find and convince these players to play in Chester.
We knew coming into this season that it would be a rebuilding year. The team had a preseason goal of making the playoffs, but that's merely a bar hanging in the door frame to jump and touch because this team isn't ready for the big time. Perhaps it's this club already entering its 2nd rebuilding phase that has fans frustrated, but that's the price this club pays for letting Polish di Canio run amok on this roster at the beginning of 2012. Perhaps it's the fact that the sports gods have put HARD TIMES on the fans of every team in the Philly metropolis. Perhaps it's the dark doubt of what this ownership is willing to do in order to create a winner. Like it or not, the Union are a small market club. They can't spend dollar for dollar with the Red Bulls, Galaxy, or Seattle Sounders, so they must use methods to acquire quality talent at a sustainable price. Building their own academy high school is a good step in that direction, just as long as the purpose of said high school is to develop them for the senior Union squad or sell them to bigger clubs a la Ajax Amsterdam (and not to build an all-local Union team. Good grief, Nick Sakiewicz.). Such a high priced commitment shows some desire to want to build a future contender.
John Hackworth is a player development coach, and his impact on this roster has been felt on young talents like McInerney, Okugo, MacMath, Hoppenot, and Raymon Gaddis. The problem with development-oriented managers is that there comes a time when the development is less needed and the tactical mind is required to take the team further. That time may come as early as next summer, next November, or maybe not even anytime soon.. Free from the shackles of cap inflexibility, Hackworth has earned a right to find and buy the players that will turn this team into a contender. Next season both local and national eyes will see Hack truly being in a hot seat situation for the first time, and it'll be up to him to prove he can take this club to the next level.
The Pope and his bishops in the United States are very disappointed in the refugee limit President Trump has set. The Pope is pushing Catholics to accept the concept of endless immigration no matter who the immigrants are and what they believe.
Pope Francis is disappointed as well and will launch a public relations immigration week for Catholics from October 7 – 13. It's propaganda and he is prompting Catholics to push for more refugees, most of whom are Muslims. The Islamists are the ones who cause concern. Even if they are not terrorists, how many follow the political doctrine of sharia law?
I am a lifelong Catholic, went through Catholic education, and I don't like this Pope's political policies. We don't have to listen to him and only have to abide by doctrines of faith and morals, not his political ravings.
The US Conference of Catholic Bishops insists that Trump admit 75,000 refugees to the US beginning October 1.
This is very expensive for taxpayers, but it provides millions of tax dollars for the Christian charities who work with refugees. The Catholic charities are the largest of nine federal refugee contractors.
This past week, Pope Francis said he will kick off a two-year “Share the Journey” campaign to prompt Catholics to “encounter” migrants [including illegal aliens] and refugees. As part of the response to the Bishops' disappointment, October 7 – 13 will be a National Week of Prayer and Action.
The new campaign is said to be focused on providing practical ways for Catholics to break down barriers of fear and build bridges with migrants and refugees.
Does it fear or realistic concerns?
Why is the Pope involved in US politics? He's made quite a mess in Italy and should stop there.
How many Muslims are living in the Vatican? Let him put them up there.
The family of Gajendra Singh Kalyanwat, who committed suicide at the AAP rally on Wednesday, owns some 10 acres of land, including a gooseberry orchard and a teak plantation — but the man's heart was not in farming.
Family members and friends remembered the 43-year-old, father-of-three as politically ambitious, having unsuccessfully tried twice – in 2008 and 2013 -- to fight the assembly elections as a Samajwadi Party candidate. After that, he wanted to join the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP).
“He left the village 3-4 days back saying he was going to try to meet Kejriwal,” said Amit Singh Kalyanwat, Gajendra's nephew. “He said he would stay in Delhi with his brother who is a constable of RAC there.”
An HT correspondent visiting Gajendra's village, about 120 km east of Jaipur, was stopped from reaching his house. Neighbours said his ageing father and wife had not been told about the death as there was a wedding in the extended family. An uncle had left for Delhi to receive Gajendra's body which was expected back in the village on Thursday morning.
A purported suicide note left by Gajendra said he had lost his crop in last month's untimely rain and hailstorm. But local officials said crop loss in the Baswa tehsil, under which falls Gajendra's village, had been between 20-25%, far less than the damage in many other parts of Rajasthan.
“We have sent the tehsildar to assess the condition of the crop of Gajendra's family,” said Krishna Chandra Sharma, the officiating district collector of Dausa.
Situated on the edge of this Rajput-dominated village, Gajendra's single-storey, pucca house is fairly large. In front of it sprawled the family farmstead.
On one side of the farm, is a gooseberry orchard, on the other a plantation of teak. In between, is a patch of wheat field that completed a picture of a well-to-do farming household.
The eldest of three brothers, Gajendra studied up to class 12. He married early. His eldest child is a daughter studying in class 12; his two other boys are aged 7 and 10 – none of them know that their father is dead.
After his failed forays into politics, Gajendra tried his hand at making a living out of tying colourful, Rajasthani turbans on tourists at hotels.
“He was very fast with tying the turban. He used to make some money from it,” said Ramesh Bairwa, his childhood friend, who showed photographs of Gajendra tying turbans at hotels. One picture showed him tying a turban on home minister Rajnath Singh.
In 2010, Gajendra – a well-built man with a flourishing beard and an ornate turban -- won the Mr. Desert title, a Rajasthani cultural pageant.
Read:
Politics being played even in this suicide
Here's who said what about the farmer's suicide at AAP rally
In pics: A farmer suicide in the heart of Delhi
‘Reality TV-like suicide' unlikely to sway Modi on land bill
First Published: Apr 22, 2015 22:02 IST
All staff at a hospital serving the besieged Syrian city of Aleppo have been given a month's notice after a British medical charity blamed red tape for its closure.
Half a million people in the war-torn country will lose access to desperately needed healthcare when Atareb hospital, operated by the British-based aid agency Hand in Hand for Syria (HIHS), closes within the next few days.
It would be a disaster for local people as well as for the medical staff, who included some of the last remaining doctors in Syria, and their families, said the charity's head of logistics, Fadi al-Dairi, speaking from the Syrian-Turkish border.
He said the charity has enough money from donors to keep the hospital running, but cannot get it into the country, because it needs a partner to channel the funding, and established charities are pulling out of Syria.
"It's because of bureaucracy, red tape," he added. "We have the expertise, but not the experience."
Al-Dairi said the charity was unable to apply for help from the UK's Department for International Development or a UN agency because it had not been running for three years. "We only set up to respond to the humanitarian crisis in Syria, so of course we are not yet three years old. We have been begging for help, but have had no firm commitment from any of the bigger aid agencies, whom we need to get the money we have to where it needs to be.
"Already all the aid agencies are only meeting 20% of the need within Syria. The loss of this hospital is a tragedy, especially when hospitals inside Syria are being bombed every day."
The EU reported in May that since the crisis began, 200,000 people have died in Syria because of the lack of healthcare, far more than the 164,000 thought to have been killed in fighting.
The hospital is just 20 miles from Aleppo, one of the hardest-hit areas of Syria. It provides free care to anyone, regardless of political or faith affiliation. The hospital became well-known to British audiences after a BBC Panorama programme, Saving Syria's Children, was screened last September, and showed the hospital treating casualties from an incendiary bomb attack on a school.
Omar Gabbar, an NHS consultant from Leicester who leads the British medical team for HIHS and has worked at Atareb, said the consequences of the hospital's closure would be dire: "About half of all Syrian hospitals have already been damaged or destroyed, and Aleppo only has 143 doctors remaining out of a pre-conflict 2,500. Around half a million people, over a huge area, will have no access to treatment for conflict injuries or ongoing normal medical conditions. Approximately 200,000 of these are internally displaced persons already facing a wide range of difficulties.
"One of the very few remaining kidney dialysis units left in northern Syria will shut. Essential reproductive health services will no longer be available. Three excellent operating theatres will remain empty, instantly ending the 265 lifesaving operations carried out there each month. 34,500 injured people a year will have no access to emergency care, and 26,000 outpatient clinic appointments will be lost. The laboratory will close, as will all the specialist departments including orthopaedics, ophthalmology, gynaecology, neurology, and many more. This leaves the hospital's 98 staff with no income, no longer able to support their family members. This is a massive blow."
Faddy Sahloul, co-founder and chairman of HIHS, said: "We set up Atareb hospital early in 2013 in an area we identified in great need. "The hospital's funding comes from a European donor fund which supports global emergency response, and reaches us via an NGO partner. This arrangement has been incredibly successful as it has enabled us to provide treatment to more than 92,000 Syrian people at Atareb over the last year. However although that funding is still in place, our one-year agreement with our NGO partner has come to an end.
"Despite our very best efforts, we have not yet been able to secure a replacement partner for Atareb hospital because of the complexities faced by NGOs trying to operate inside Syria, so we have now launched an appeal to secure emergency funds to keep the hospital open while we continue our search for a new partner. We welcome all enquiries from any individual or NGO interested in beginning discussions with us."
HIHS operates five other hospitals and supports more than 140 makeshift field hospitals, taking in a fleet of 32 ambulances and has opened a blood bank. It trains large numbers of medical staff in the treatment of conflict-related injuries.
Dr Rola Hallam, a British-Syrian NHS doctor and member of the HIHS medical team in the UK, said it was heartbreaking: "It took blood, sweat and tears, for a year, to get it up and running, and it was amazing to see it do such great work in such hard conditions. At a time when Syrian healthcare is in tatters, it feels like a crime not to keep its doors open."
A dedicated appeal page has been set up at www.justgiving.com/HIHS-Atareb-Hospital with the campaign hashtag #SaveAtarebHospital.
by Roopinder Tara, Tenlinks.com
What if making architectural models was easy, fun, cheap -- and clean? What if it came in kits with pieces you can snap together, pieces that may actually resemble architectural elements like walls, floor and roof panels, roof trusses, columns, and windows? What if models would come together without explanation, training, or weeks and months of waiting? What if your kid could make them, as easy as building blocks?
Snap together your next architectural model with a kit from Arckit. Adhesive backed patterns are applied to plain building panels to get color and patterns. I know: why hasn't some one thought of this?
Damien Murtagh did. An architect himself, Damien founded Arckit so that others would be free to explore a design in its physical form without even so much as computer -- or Lego bricks. Arckit may not provide the detail of a professionally-crafted laser-cut model, but you have to admit it is way more accessible, intuitive, and cheaper than doing it yourself. There's really nothing in this level of modeling in terms of cost and detail.
Waiting for 3D Printing?
Besotted with technology as I am, I have no doubt imagining 3D computer models turning into 3D prints, though the reality will be a rude awakening. 3D printing can be time consuming. One 3D print vendor says it takes 35-40 hours to process a luxury home CAD model for 3D printing. It's messy with chemicals to clean up. And raw materials are expensive.
In contrast, Arckit is available in three sizes:
A60 (60 sq meters, or 650 sq ft of floor area) for $165
A120 (120 sq meters, or 1292 sq ft) for $315
A240 (240 sq meters, or 5283 sq ft) for $499
Based in Ireland, Damien is quite excited about introducing Arckit in the US and so is giving 10% off the prices listed for a few more days and including shipping.
If you simply must use a computer, Arckit makes its pieces available in SketchUp's 3D Warehouse. You can see what each of the pieces look like and even make whole model onscreen for free. See https://3dwarehouse.sketchup.com/search.html?backendClass=entity&q=ARCKIT.
Adding Details
To avoid the bland look of monochrome 3D printed models, Arckit provides several downloadable surface textures and material patterns you can print on self-adhesive sheets, supplied with each kit that you can stick on your model.
Now, an enterprising architect can probably make use of any of the texture maps libraries available, scale the pattern to the 1:48 scale Arckit uses, and then print out their own sheets.
For more information, go to http://arckit.com
[Reprinted with permision of CAD Insider.]
THE biggest puzzle in British politics is why the Liberal Democrats are so feeble. Forty-eight per cent of Britons voted to remain in the European Union. Millions of people think that Theresa May is a discredited mediocrity and that Jeremy Corbyn, Labour's leader, is a dangerous fantasist. And yet the only party that campaigned to keep Britain in the EU and that proudly stands for the “open and tolerant” centre against extremists on left and right can't even muster 8% of the vote. What should be the vital centre has become a no-man's-land, if not a killing field.
This newspaper endorsed the Lib Dems in the election in June, partly because the other two parties were so unappetising and partly in the hope that a Lib Dem revival would spark a more general realignment. But voters have not forgiven the party for joining the Conservatives in forming the coalition government of 2010-15. A former president of the Lib Dems once described his party as the “cockroach” of British politics, for its ability to survive. Yet the coalition was an industrial-strength cockroach killer. The Lib Dems went into the coalition with 23% of the vote and 57 seats. They came out with 7.9% of the vote and eight seats. They lost all but one of their MEPs and thousands of local councillors. The coalition forced them to sign up to a programme of austerity and higher university fees that was anathema to the party's members, who are disproportionately employed in the public sector. Worse, raising fees meant breaking a manifesto pledge.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The party's implosion after the coalition coincided with the opening up of its biggest opportunity in decades: the Brexit vote. Had the party entered the post-referendum world with 60 seats and a charismatic leader it would have had a chance of engineering the political realignment that it has always dreamed of. Instead it entered that world as a political husk. A party with eight MPs was not well positioned to attract voters who wanted to reverse the referendum. The Lib Dems are now in a classic cycle of decline, with a weak bench ensuring that they have weak leaders who fail to break through to voters.
Tim Farron, the party's leader in 2015-17, was arguably the weakest head of any major political party since the second world war. A poll taken two weeks before the election found that half the electorate could not name him. The one thing he was known for was that he was an evangelical Christian who was uncomfortable about homosexuality and abortion. This reduced his appeal to the secular liberals who formed the core of the Remain vote. When it came to attracting the young, the Lib Dems might as well have chosen someone who went around proclaiming that beards and tattoos were outward displays of moral depravity.
Vince Cable, the party's current leader, is in a different class from Mr Farron. He is by far the most intelligent of the three party leaders (which is not meant to be damning with faint praise). He is a technocrat with a wealth of experience in both the private sector (he was a chief economist for Shell in 1995-97) and in government (he was a business secretary in the coalition) and lots of ideas for fixing problems like intergenerational inequality. He is also a publicity hog: he appeared on “Strictly Come Dancing”, a popular TV show, and has just published a novel, “Open Arms”.
So Mr Cable will save his party from being ignored. But the other points on his CV may not work in his favour. Voters want moral purity rather than experience, particularly if that experience involves working for a giant oil company. They want magicians who can shake the money tree rather than economists who point out that money trees don't exist. Mr Cable also has two big drawbacks. He is 74 years old. Admittedly this makes him only six years older than Labour's leader, but Mr Corbyn is essentially a young idealist trapped in an ageing body. Mr Cable is also the man who, as business secretary, introduced the bill raising tuition fees. Videos of him making that speech in Parliament will kill any chances of the Lib Dems breaking through to the young.
Mr Cable is also confronted with two problems that his talents are unlikely to equal. The first is Labour's resurgence. The party has all but locked up the youth vote with a combination of anti-austerity politics and vague idealism. It has built a fearsome campaign machine that threatens to destroy the Lib Dems' established advantage as a campaigning force. Above all, it has succeeded brilliantly, if disgracefully, in preserving “strategic ambiguity” on the question of Brexit by sending reassuring signals to both Remainers (who might otherwise be attracted to the Lib Dems) and Leavers (who once abandoned Labour for the UK Independence Party). Labour is doing its best to complete the work of destruction that the Conservatives began when they seduced the Lib Dems into jumping into bed with them in 2010.
Stuck in the middle
The second is the party's ancestral problem with its identity. The Lib Dems are as much a hotch-potch as a party. They have always been divided between classical liberals, who believe in free-market economics, and communitarians, who are motivated by local issues. (Mr Cable is at the liberal end of the spectrum.) They are split between anti-establishment types, who are voting for “none of the above”, and establishment types who think the Lib Dems represent good sense. The party of electoral reform has 100 members in the House of Lords compared with just 12 in the Commons. The party of the open economy has its strongest roots in the most isolated bits of the Celtic fringe, such as Cornwall.
The first rule of modern politics is that almost anything can happen. The two major parties are dicing with disaster, the Tories by tying their fate to Brexit and the Labour Party by embracing Corbynism. France's Emmanuel Macron has proved that anti-establishment sentiment can be harnessed by the centre as well as the right and the left. But so far the Liberal Democrats show few signs that they possess either the ideas or the momentum to fill the void at the heart of British politics.
With the turn of the 20th century came efforts to capitalize on the majestic scenery of the areas that would soon come under the stewardship of the National Park Service. The first guardians of these the parks were the Army or, in some cases, a few conservators charged with protecting thousands of square miles, but as railroad companies reached their doorsteps and people traveled to explore the parks, better lodging was needed to house visitors and better infrastructure was needed for the park staff to handle the boom in visitation and use. From this need was born the architectural style that best represents the parks themselves and still shapes our impressions of them: National Park Service rustic, or "Parkitecture." Curbed Ski has put together a list of some of the finest examples of National Park Service rustic built in ski country's own parks.
While this list focuses on the largest and grandest of the rustic style, there are a great number of cabins, guard shacks, dormitories and administrative buildings constructed during this time period that are excellent examples of the diverse ways architects were able to blend structures into the landscape with natural materials and forms. Historical facts, dates and construction information for this list were drawn from Harvey H. Kaiser's "The National Park Architecture Sourcebook" and "Architecture in the Parks: National Historic Landmark Theme Study," by Laura Soullière Harrison.
Ahwahnee hotel, Yosemite National Park, California
Yosemite has more than its fair share of significant architecture: the Badger Pass Ski Lodge, a rustic lodge with Swiss influences and, being built in 1935, the first alpine ski resort in California; the Wawona Hotel, the oldest resort complex in the park system with its 1876 opening; and Ansel Adams' own gallery, where he taught photography workshops. But the jewel of Yosemite and one of the premier rustic lodging properties in the nation is Gilbert Stanley Underwood's Ahwahnee hotel, opening in 1927. It has a scale, setting and grandeur that's near impossible to match. Three, three-story wings radiate from a six-story central tower, with stone chimneys and pillars encircling and pushing through the structure. The hotel's famed dining rooms bathes in light from 25-foot-tall, south-facing windows, illuminating iron chandeliers and intricate wood truss work. Love affairs with National Parks and Parkitecture alike have been starting at the Ahwahnee for nearly 90 years now.
Old Faithful Inn, Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming
One of the earliest examples of the rustic architecture philosophy of harmony with surroundings, the Old Faithful Inn, designed and built in 1902 and 1903, respectively, is one of the few log hotels still standing. Lodgepole pines were used peeled, unpeeled, varnished, unvarnished — anyway they could be used to create the scaffolding for the 92-foot, seven-story lobby. In the middle of the lobby sits a hulking stone chimney, the unequivocal focal point of the yawning space.
Many Glacier Hotels, Glacier National Park, Montana
Situated on the edge of Swiftcurrent Lake, Many Glacier Hotels, opened in 1915, was the largest and most picturesque of the lodging properties built by Great Northern Railway to host the influx of passengers they were bringing. Carefully designed to make an impression from a distance, the four-story buildings read as a chain of chalets, with roofline details adding to the perception. Inside the building, a four-story atrium is ringed by dark, peeled timber and balconies with their decorative fretwork. The copper fire hood links to a suspended chimney that extends upwards like another timber column up into the skylight.
Paradise Inn, Mt. Rainier National Park, Washington
Mt. Rainier National Park has a number of prime examples of rustic architecture across four historic districts. In the district that bears its name sits the Paradise Inn, the park's first lodging property completed in 1917 by the Rainier National Park Company. From afar, the Inn's most distinctive feature is the long pitched roof that looks like it stops just short of the ground. The lobby interior reveals the intricate log work that allows the dramatic roofline and opens space up for 50-foot stone chimneys at either end. In 2006, the Inn was closed for a two-year renovation.
Moraine Park Museum and Amphitheater, Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado
Unlike some of the other sites on this list, the best example of rustic design in Rocky Mountain National park is not the iconic hotel at its doorstep, which, in this case, is the Georgian Revival style Stanley Hotel completed in 1909 by Stanley Steamer inventor F.O. Stanley. Instead, it's a lone (much more modest) example of lodges that used to inhabit the park: the Moraine Park Museum. In 1936, the building was renovated into the museum that stands today, and the nearby amphitheater was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps. that same year. The amphitheater is notable in its own right, for being an example of the landscape architecture counterpart to rustic design.
Crater Lake Superintendent Residence, Crater Lake National Park, Oregon
Crater Lake National Park has two districts full of rustic architecture: Rim Village and the Munson Valley. While the Village Historic District holds Crater Lake Lodge, which unfortunately was plagued with construction issues from 1915 till its latest renovation was completed in 1995, the Munson Valley Historic District is home to the impeccably built and preserved Crater Lake Superintendent Residence. There are plenty of attractive rustic style dormitories and other residential structures in the parks system, but few can match the scale of the stone and wood work of this National Historic Landmark. The boulders that make up the lower half of this one-and-a-half story building are massive, some reaching 5 feet across. The timber beams form a dramatically pitched roof covered with cedar shakes. Native materials and the careful use of the site illustrate the height of the rustic style's power to draw visitors (or in this case, residents) into the setting.
· The Ten Ski Towns You Can't Miss This Winter [Curbed Ski]
· 10 Ski Country Hikes for Fall Foliage in the West [Curbed Ski]
Short version: Gunpoint is half-price for two days, you can now upgrade between editions, and we've added trading cards. Here's a video explaining all that:
Sale: starts 10am Tuesday 17th, ends 4pm Thursday, Pacific Time. In the UK that's 6pm Tuesday to midnight Thursday.
Link:
Get Gunpoint half-price, or upgrade to a different edition, on its Steam page
Edition upgrades:
We did something a bit different with Gunpoint's pricing: we offered $10, $20 and $30 editions to keep the game cheap while letting people support it more if they wanted.
What we found was that lots of people bought the game as cheaply as possible, then discovered they liked it a lot: they'd e-mail or tweet to ask if there's a way to support the game and get all the behind-the-scenes extras that came with the other editions.
So we're now letting players upgrade to another edition for the difference in price: the extras are now technically DLC. They include the game's soundtrack, developer commentary that adds us as killable characters in-game, a making-of feature, and 9 playable prototypes from different stages of the game's development.
Trading cards:
I still have basically no idea how these really work, but I was surprised by how much I ended up wanting all the little reward things our artist John Roberts created. The ability to emote Conway face-palming just seems really important somehow. Steam forced me to write descriptions for each one, so I'll post them here:
:conwayshrug: Richard Conway, an icon of not really knowing or caring what's going on, now available as an icon for not really knowing or caring what's going on.
:conwayheadscratch: Intended to express that sense that you can sort of tell this is possible but you're not sure you can be bothered to figure it out.
:conwayfacepalm: To be used after you've seen someone do something stupid, but before you remember that you're wearing adhesive climbing gloves.
:conwaypunch: Ends any internet argument, provided you also leave the argument and never look at it again.
:hammerheadsnark: Used to indicate that yes, you know you're being snarky, and yes, you know this will derail the discussion, and yes, you know this isn't even in your own interests at this point, but you've typed it now and here we are.
What if we told you there's U.S. companies allowing and even encouraging employees' marijuana use during office hours? No, there's no catch. It's perfectly legal. As you may have already guessed the companies are in a state that's legalized recreational marijuana use. With studies proving marijuana use doesn't dumb down users and that marijuana isn't detrimental to users' health, could other companies also begin to allow employees to get high while on the clock?
CNN reports Denver's Flowhub, a software company founded last year, allows employees to use marijuana at work. Co-founders Kyle Sherman and Chase Wiseman told CNN the "philosophy" at Flowhub, which works with the weed industry, is to get things done. "If it [marijuana use] helps our employees get work done, then we don't care if they consume at work," said Sherman. Leading by example, Sherman and Chase also use marijuana at the office. Because the building where Flowhub is located doesn't allow smoking, its 18 employees use "cannabis-infused edibles, sodas, and juices" according to CNN.
The co-founders say they use marijuana at meetings to jog their creativity. "It definitely surfaces new ideas and a fresh take on things," said Sherman.
Sherman and Chase said they haven't run into a problem with their marijuana policy yet.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Other companies letting employees use marijuana are High There! and MassRoots are social media sites for stoners, the latter described as a "Facebook for pot users." MassRoots cofounder Isaac Dietrich is especially privy to the work policy considering he said he was smoking weed when he came up with MassRoots which has $4.4 million in funding.
“100% recommend this guiding tour with Javier- a super nice and genuine guy. It's easy to see he is passionate about Street Art”. Kathrine, Norway (Tripadvisor)
“Great ´alternative´ tour of Madrid. We even got a handmade souvenir to take home! Javier is very knowledgeable about the street art in Madrid and its artists from all over the world.” Elizabeth, UK (Airbnb)
"Javier is a terrific guide. Very friendly and full of knowledge. What made this really special was that Javier really showed us the ´underground´ art scene, let us interact with locals and even try our hand in a workshop.” Daniel, UK (Facebook)
“I really enjoyed this tour! This wasn´t my first time taking part on this kind of tours, but I must say it´s been the best. Javier is a great guide and he transmitted us all his passion for street art! I definitely recommend It!” Chiara, Italy (Facebook)
“Our tour with Javier was very inspiring; we got to see some of the best street art in Madrid. He is super nice and knowledgeable, I highly recommend it. It is definitely worth to spend this time on street art in Madrid since it is very special.” Biana, Israel (Airbnb)
The first time I saw Death in June live was in 2002 at the Walker Stage in New York City. The duo of Douglas Pearce and John Murphy commanded an intimate acoustic performance to a small but dedicated audience. Almost twelve years later, as this latest performance wrapped up, I thought back to my first DIJ experience and recounted how many things have both changed and stayed the same. The audience is larger, but just as dedicated. The band itself remains Douglas P. and John Murphy, but the momentary addition of Miro Snejdr (Herr Lounge Corps) added a fresh element to their classic line-up. The venue itself was an evolutionary step up from old punk bars, with a top-of-the-line audio system that delivered every note, beat, and sample without fail. Complex, situated right outside of the city of Los Angeles in Glendale, has grown to be the premiere venue for Industrial/Noise events in the area. Which should not be all that surprising when considering the long history that their staff, headed by the Rev. John, has had promoting the underground music scene in Los Angeles. Partnered with the event collective Church of the 8th Day, the team comfortably packed the venue with passionate fans and proved that they can deliver a more traditional act. The merchandise table was extensive, ranging from reissues of classic albums to brand-new shirt designs and tour keepsakes, and as any event promoter should know, the lifeblood of any gig you book is the bar — which was staffed by courteous professionals who kept my whiskey flowing throughout the night.
This evening's event was scheduled as a double feature, with an early and late show. Due to the long drive to and fro, my wife and I opted only for the early performance. Each show had a DJ opening to set the mood, with Blk Rainbow on early duties and Frank H-Bomb for the later crowd. Blk Rainbow focused on minimal and darkwave sounds to get the night started, and Herr H-Bomb delivered an impressive neofolk and ambient mix for those sticking around or joining in the revelries. The stage was set with a striking American Totenkopf 6 backdrop, with more flags draped over the instruments and flanked on one side by an imposing Schwarze Sonne banner. Kudos to the promoters for not compromising on the powerful aesthetic that is so crucial to the aura of Death in June.
Not far beyond the announced start time, an appropriately camouflaged Miro Snejdr appears and takes to the piano to begin the Herr Lounge Corps performance. Miro Snejdr started his affiliation with Death in June in 2009 as a fan posting piano covers of DIJ on YouTube. It would be through the close-knit Yahoo! DIJ Group that Snejdr caught the attention of Douglas P., sparking what would lead to their collaboration on the Peaceful Snow album. To see Snejdr evolve from enthusiast to performer was remarkable, and his Totenkopf Torch Songs were a hit with the crowd. Outstanding renditions include “Come Before Christ and Murder Love”, “Fall Apart”, and “Drowning Alone”. Snejdr then applied a striking mask, marking a transformational phase. Adding to the piano were various samples, including a series of martial drums that welled me up with adrenaline. Shortly after, Snejdr gets up, takes up an accordion, and Douglas P. comes on stage ringing a bell to clear the air and begins with Death in June's “Life Under Siege”. Snejdr's live contributions to such tracks as “Wolf Rose”, “Leopard Flowers”, and “Peaceful Snow” added an element that would make this an especially unique experience. Douglas P. then excuses Snejdr with a respectful bow and welcomes on stage the iconic John Murphy on drums.
The classic duo start off with the track “We Drive East”, and I'm immediately awestruck by the quality of Complex's sound system. The dual drums on “Death of a Man” sent shivers down my spine as they filled the venue with haunting echoes. For about 2 hours we would be treated to one of the best Death in June performances of my life. This early set leaned on older tracks such as “Till the Living Flesh is Burned”, “She Said Destroy” (including the Prisoner samples), “Ku Ku Ku”, “Death is the Martyr of Beauty”, “But, what Ends when the Symbols Shatter?”, “He's Disabled”, “Because of Him”, and “Little Black Angel”. In one light-hearted misstep, Douglas had some timing issues on “Flies have their House”, but with a hearty laugh he promptly brushed it off and took the crowd request for “Hollows of Devotion”. Ever forward, Death in June marched on with about a dozen more songs and ended their main set with the more recent “Takeyya”. After a brief break, Pearce and Murphy returned to the stage for their encore set of “Heaven Street”, “Rose Clouds of Holocaust”, and finally the ominous “C'est un Rêve”.
So here I am, with twelve years between two milestone experiences. I have to admit, in the early days of this tour, I was feeling a bit jaded. Death in June remains one of the most iconic bands in my personal history, but I prefer few discriminating high-quality experiences over compulsive repetition. However, my worries were needless. Douglas P.'s decision to include Herr Lounge Corps on this tour revitalized my expectations, and Complex matched that with professionalism deserving many returns, Neofolk or not. All those involved in LA and across the USA deserve high praise for making this tour happen. Also, thanks to Jeffrey Jinx and his partners for the back-end wheeling and dealing to secure the tour and making everything fall into place. As of this writing, there remains Chicago, Austin, Houston, Pittsburgh, and New York City on the tour. Miss this and suffocate in regret.
Migrant workers paid around £3.50 to be volleyball fansVolleyball's governing body FIVB seeking clarificationQatari public unhappy with continued use of ‘paid fans'
Qatar has again been accused of employing migrant workers as sports fans in an effort to make largely empty arenas appear full.
Around 150 workers were paid to be fans at the Qatar Open of international beach volleyball last month – an event that the FIVB, volleyball's governing body, said on its website had “brought out the crowds”.
But migrants from Ghana, Kenya, Nepal and elsewhere, who work in Qatar as bus and taxi drivers for the state-owned transport company and for other employers, said they were there for the money, not the volleyball.
The French players Edouard Rowlandson and Youssef Krou were winning their bronze-medal match as the workers arrived to fill seats, making the arena appear almost full. Rowlandson called the scene “bizarre … but we prefer that to playing in front of nobody”.
The FIVB's media director, Richard Baker, said the federation was unaware of the fake fans, and would seek clarification from Qatari organisers.
Beach Volleyball (@FIVBWorldTour) Underway at the #DohaOpen and centre court filling up nicely for the qualifiers - nine matches in total for today pic.twitter.com/TNvil8A2u5
The issue is not a new one. A survey of 1,079 Qatar residents published in January by the Ministry of Development Planning and Statistics suggested that paid fans may be turning Qataris off sport.
The ministry said two-thirds of Qataris surveyed did not attend any football matches during the previous season and two-thirds of respondents cited “the spread of paid fans” as a significant factor in keeping audiences away.
At the volleyball, some for-hire spectators were offered less than others. Security guards and office boys from Kenya said a promise of 20 riyals (£3.50) each drew 40 people on to their bus. A Nigerian said he, too, was getting just 20.
Numerous workers said they regularly make up numbers at sports events. Qatar league football games pay 20 or 25 riyals, they said. A Kenyan said he made 50 riyals at handball.
At the volleyball arena, which had free Wi-Fi, workers were seen checking messages and emails on their phones, ignoring a crowd organiser waving a plastic hand who urged them to clap to Daft Punk's Get Lucky.
Pitching successfully in November to track and field's governing body to host its world athletics championships in 2019, the Qatar bid presenter, Aphrodite Moschoudi, said: “Qatar has a true passion for sports. Everything in our country revolves around sport.”
Meanwhile, Fifa has been urged to stage the Qatar 2022 World Cup in May and June, with the European Club Association arguing that games can be played at night without putting the health of players, supporters and officials at risk.
The system was very simple conceptually. A bathtub-like "caisson" was dragged up railroad tracks to the canal, the boat sailed in, and the rig went back down. Karen Gray of the Washington Canal Association describes the procedure in greater detail:
"The incline worked by bringing the caisson up against a gated headwall in the towpath berm of the canal, to which the caisson would be held fast. The headwall and caisson gates were then opened, admitting water into the caisson and, once it was filled, a boat. When ready to descend, the gates would be closed and the caisson would descend down the incline to a river basin where the caisson's lower gate was opened, allowing the boat to pass into the basin where it would be connected to a tug for its journey downriver. The entire process took only 12 to 18 minutes."
The caisson's descent was controlled by two heavy counterweights, just like a modern elevator. When it came time to bring the counterweights back to the top, they were pulled by turbines that generated power from the canal water (later upgraded with steam power).
Why Build It?
The boat elevator was an expensive bid to increase efficiency on the C&O Canal system. Canal Company President James C. Clark described how “a string of loaded boats from half mile to a mile in length is seen lying above the Collector's Office in Georgetown, waiting their turn to get in to the wharves to discharge their cargoes.” Located a few miles up from Georgetown, the boat elevator gave captains an option to bypass the gridlock if they were headed for a different destination.
NPS notes that when it was built in 1875, the Canal Company was "riding a wave of prosperity, [as] more than 500 boats had plied the canal [that year]. This prosperity was just a blip. Even with the Boat Elevator, canals in in the United States saw huge losses against the growing railroad companies in the late 19th Century.
The Boat Elevator ended up getting destroyed by a flood in 1889 that also damaged miles of the C&O towpath. Collectively, these losses forced the Canal Company into bankruptcy.
Today all that is left is a stone platform on the towpath and a plaque. You can visit, it's 2 miles up the towpath from Georgetown.
Seen from above, the jagged rocks strewn about the Chincha Valley desert in Peru seem inconspicuous. But stand in the desert itself and these rocks form lines that stretch toward the horizon. Researchers have found that these lines were probably ancient signposts for the Paracas culture more than 2000 years ago, guiding people across the desert to gathering places for the winter solstice.
The Paracas people lived in what is now southern Peru from 800 to 100 B.C.E. They immediately preceded another culture called the Nazca, which is famous for making massive line drawings out of earth and stone, including enormous works of art depicting everything from birds to monkeys. Archaeologists call such lines “geoglyphs,” whether they are meant to be artistic or serve a practical purpose.
The Paracas also made geoglyphs, and the Chincha Valley contains two kinds, explains Charles Stanish, an archaeologist at the University of California, Los Angeles. By sweeping the darker desert soil off the bright limestone underneath, ancient peoples created white lines that are easily visible at great distances. “They would be unmistakable” to people traveling down to the desert from the surrounding hills, Stanish explains. Then, as these travelers arrived at certain spots on the desert floor, the second type of geoglyph would become obvious. What previously looked like nothing more than scattered rocks would suddenly take on a definite shape and appear to form new lines stretching off into the horizon.
To understand the purpose of the geoglyphs, Stanish and his team first had to confirm that the lines were made by the Paracas people. Scientists have a horribly difficult time pinning down when any geoglyphs were made because they include no remains from dead plants for carbon dating. However, the Chincha Valley also contains ruins of five settlements with small pyramids built by the Paracas that contain artifacts from daily life, such as pots and baskets. There are also three large mounds in the desert that contain the remains of maize and sugarcane that definitely came from 400 to 100 B.C.E., when the Paracas people dominated the region.
So the researchers played a 30-square-kilometer game of connect the dots. They used GPS technology to plot the desert's settlements, mounds, and 71 geoglyphs for the first time. What they saw was unmistakable. Certain groups of geoglyphs clearly led directly to particular mounds or settlements, suggesting that they served as paths for Paracas people seeking to trade goods or gather for other activities, the researchers report online today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Because each group of geoglyphs pointed the way to a different settlement, Stanish believes the settlements were likely controlled by distinct political or ethnic groups. Each group probably built its own set of geoglyphs in order to draw followers throughout the desert to its own trade fairs and other social events, he says. This discovery not only provides a glimpse of what life was like before the Nazca, he adds, but it also shows the roots of how society developed when the dominant culture had no real government. “They're converting this landscape into a big theater, and the ultimate goal is to bring people together to market, exchange goods, manufacture goods, exchange marriage partners, gossip, do all the things people like doing. And then they're competing with each other to bring in the most supporters,” Stanish says.
But that wasn't all the researchers found. It appears that the three large mounds had a ceremonial purpose, because each was connected to separate pairs of geoglyphs that point directly to the spot where the sun sets on the winter solstice in June. There's no evidence that people lived around the mounds, so Stanish suspects the Paracas used them as gathering places for yearly festivities tied specifically to the solstice. “When you stand behind the mounds and you're facing the sunset—and we were there for the solstice—the sun sets right on the mound. And if you're a human being standing there, the sun melts right on your head. It's pretty impressive.”
The new research is “very sound,” says archaeoastronomer Anthony Aveni of Colgate University in Hamilton, New York, who was not involved in the study. He added that the findings hint at how astronomical awareness grew over the centuries in the region, beginning with recognition that the sun slowly travels back and forth, north and south, over the course of the year. “Here we have the more basic earlier observations being used, just simply following one of the extremes of the pendulumlike movement of the sun.”
Hendrik Van Gijseghem, a Nazca archaeologist at the University of Montreal in Canada, who was also not involved in the study, called the new work “tremendously interesting.” He says Stanish and his team's effort to date the glyphs by connecting them with the Paracas mounds and settlements is convincing. “They can actually make a good case that there is a consistent association between well-dated settlements, these geoglyphs that are notoriously hard to date, and astronomical phenomenon.”
Now that the mounds' ceremonial purpose is clear, the next step for Stanish's team is to figure out the exact nature of the social events at the Paracas settlements. He plans to further excavate the settlements to look for objects such as beads, copper, shells, and the bones of llamas and alpacas. “There are all sorts of things we can look for to see what kinds of activities were going on.”
Bridget Jones's Baby is due (in theaters) Sept. 16, but her diary is about to exit Netflix: The 2001 romantic comedy is leaving the streaming service in June along with Ghost and Groundhog Day, a number of Disney animated movies (bye, Mulan), and a couple of Meryl Streep movies too (Sophie's Choice and Music of My Heart).
See the full list of what's leaving below, and check out what Netflix is adding here.
Leaving June 1
A Wrinkle in Time (2003)
About a Boy (2002)
Bounce (2000)
Bridget Jones's Diary (2001)
The Chronicles of Riddick: Dark Fury (2004)
Clear and Present Danger (1994)
Click (2006)
Darkman (1990)
Disney Animation Collection: Vol. 5: Wind in the Willows
Dude, Where's My Car? (2000)
Duplex (2003)
Elias: Rescue Team Adventures: Season 1
The Faculty (1998)
Far from Home: The Adventures of Yellow Dog (1995)
Ghost (1990)
Groundhog Day (1993)
Hamlet (2000)
Hercules (1997)
In the Bedroom (2001)
Jersey Girl (2004)
Kinky Boots (2005)
Lassie (2005)
Losing Isaiah (1995)
Madonna: Truth or Dare (1991)
Marvin's Room (1996)
Music of the Heart (1999)
My Boss's Daughter (2003)
Nine Months (1995)
The Others (2001)
Paris Is Burning (1990)
Private Parts (1997)
Proof (2005)
Schoolhouse Rock!: Earth (2009)
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants (2005)
The Station Agent (2003)
The Stepford Wives (2004)
Stir of Echoes (1999)
Stir of Echoes 2: The Homecoming (2007)
The Super Hero Squad Show: Seasons 1-2
Velvet Goldmine (1998)
View from the Top (2003)
Wayne's World (1992)
The Yards (2000)
Leaving June 2
Eureka Seven: Seasons 1-2
Leaving June 14
HawthoRNe: Seasons 1-3
Leaving June 15
The Bank Job (2008)
Leaving June 18
A Late Quartet (2012)
The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss: Season 1
Leaving June 21
Mixology: Season 1
Leaving June 24
Elaine Stritch: Shoot Me (2013)
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996)
The Hunchback of Notre Dame II (2002)
Marvel's Avengers Assemble: Season 1
Mulan (1998)
Who Framed Roger Rabbit (1988)
Leaving June 30
Sophie's Choice (1982)
JONESBORO, Ark. – The couple accused of recording themselves engaging in sexual behavior at public spots in Craighead County are charged with nine felonies each.
Leslie Lanae Sessions, 30, of Trumann, is better known to pornographic internet audiences as “MayvenDoll.” Her and her boyfriend, Derek Calloway, 37, of Trumann, were both charged Monday with nine felonies each. The two face identical charges, including:
Public display of hardcore sexual conduct (felony, three counts)
Obscene films (felony, three counts)
Promoting obscene performance (felony, three counts)
All nine charges each come with potential penalties of up to $10,000 in fines and/or up to six years in the Arkansas Department of Correction. This means both Sessions and Calloway could, in theory, be sentenced to up to 54 years in prison and ordered to pay as much as $90,000 each in fines – if the two are found guilty of all charges.
Thanks to these local businesses...
Both are due in court at 8:30 a.m. Tuesday morning, August 29.
The charge of public display of hard-core sexual conduct is self-explanatory but the other two counts are more ambiguous. For possession or distribution of obscene film, the law accuses the defendant of, between June 30 and July 10, knowingly exhibiting, selling, offering to sell, give away, circulate, produce, distribute, attempt to distribute or have in his possession an obscene film, thereby committing the offense of sale, possession or distribution of an obscene film. The charge of promoting obscene performance states, on the same dates, the defendants promoted the videos as owners, producers, directors, managers, or performers.
Sources close to the investigation indicate to NEA Report that a tip reached the Street Crimes Unit of JPD that the two had performed sexual activities in public across Jonesboro. The acts were filmed and uploaded to porn websites online, with tens of thousands viewing the two's sexual behavior in public settings. Since NEA Report's initial story, the videos have reached hundreds of thousands of views.
Thanks to our sponsor!
Using tips from a number of sources, NEA Report found the videos.
Sessions and Calloway are seen in one video going into Home Depot in Jonesboro. However, before they walk in, Sessions engages in sexual behavior with several toys in the parking lot. At one point, an unaware area man is focused on by the camera as the two giggle. With Sessions showing her underwear, the two walk into the store as they film.
Read more details about the allegations from the initial story here.
The video the photos above were taken from has since been removed from pornographic websites. Other videos remain.
Story by Stan Morris | NEA Report
Follow NEA Report on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news developments from across Northeast Arkansas. Support us on Patreon to help us grow.
Advertisements
Please share to keep NEA informed:
Tweet
Related
Thank these businesses for bringing you local news...
Much ado has been made about how America appears to be stuck in a new era of politics marked by a shockingly ugly racial climate. It's generally thought to have begun in the Obama years, reflected by the Tea Party surge into Congress in 2010 and represented now by Donald Trump's wild popularity.
Racism, the story goes, has gone from something kept in the dark margins of society and generally frowned upon to something regularly shouted from rooftops with pride. But racial disparities have existed in healthcare, education, poverty rates and on almost every other structural level for as long as this country has existed. Since when is saying something racist more of a problem than maintaining racist structures? Is a climate only “shockingly ugly” if it puts words to shockingly ugly realities that are already here?
A recent CNN article explores the newly “erupted” white frustration with nonwhite ethnic groups, particularly black and immigrant communities, through a series of interviews. Regarding Barack Obama, for instance, the article states: “Many Trump supporters say he can't be trusted, he cares more about the welfare of black people than whites and he's inflamed racial divisions in the country. Others say they're convinced that he's Muslim.”
It's not hard to read between the lines to see how this frustration is based not in response to how Obama threatens to privilege black people or Muslims, but on the idea that the supremacy of this almost entirely white group of supporters is being challenged. It is not a lack of racial divisions they want, just a lack of divisions that do not benefit them. And that sentiment was already present.
Yes, it's true that more attention has been drawn to blatant displays of racism, but attention is necessarily skewed by whatever is popular in the moment.
According to the Bureau of Justice Statistics, hate crimes stayed fairly stagnant from 2004 to 2012, and the number of hate groups have actually fallen in recent years, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center. Though relatively higher now, black unemployment rates have almost always been twice that of white rates.
All this stayed constant through this “new era”, which also saw interracial relationships and their supporters continually increase and a black president reelected with substantial white support. The question, then, is not whether there has been an exacerbation of racial tensions, but rather: why are so many only paying attention now, and are they really paying attention to the things that matter?
Neither Trump nor his supporters' nasty rhetoric exemplify the most obvious way racism is currently expressed in America. This era's dominant form of racism is still best epitomized in the disregard – or (feigned) surprise – that it remains. It is in only 16% of white Americans agreeing with the statement that a lot of racism still exists. It is in 63% of white football fans believing that a black player is not a victim of racism when called a thug for celebrating similarly to how his white peers do without being defamed.
It is in how, right now, we frame the conversation about racism in American politics as represented by Trump as “shocking”, “new” or somehow vastly different than any previous iteration, when it is merely a different color lipstick for the same ugly pig.
The truth is white America's silence around racism is no longer working. Organizations like Black Lives Matter and the Movement for Black Lives refuse to let it, shining light on all of the issues it would prefer to ignore. In its place, a resistance to that challenge to pay attention gains traction. It is reminiscent of the blatantly racist political response to Reconstruction after the civil war, but it is only more of the same.
Nonwhite communities have felt and challenged racism throughout, while many well-meaning white peoples' only concern has been to cover it as much as possible, because the only other alternative would be the much more difficult task of destroying it.
Trump and his supporters disturb well-meaning white people not because they are racist, but because they do not bother to hide it. Otherwise, Trump's white opponents would be just as disturbed with how racism has wreaked havoc on this country as with its ascendance into undisguised political rhetoric.
Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) is calling on state governments to work to lower the price of a drug used to treat heroin overdoes.
The liberal presidential candidate challenging Hillary Clinton has joined Rep. Elijah Cummings Elijah Eugene CummingsDems press Barr to make Mueller report public Trump bans abortion providers, referrals from family planning program Cohen to testify before Senate Intel on Tuesday MORE (D-Md.), the top Democrat on the House Oversight Committee, in pressing for action in what they say is a public health emergency.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The opioid abuse epidemic is a public health emergency that must be addressed, and no company should jeopardize the progress many states have made in tackling this emergency by overcharging for a critically important drug like naloxone,” the lawmakers wrote in a letter to the National Governors Association and National Association of Attorneys General.
The lawmakers specifically are pressing for state governments to reach deals with Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, the maker of naloxone, a drug that reverses the depression of the central nervous system caused by heroin and other opioids.
The cost of naloxone has been rising, by as much as 50 percent according to an article in the New York Times.
In February, the New York attorney general announced an agreement with Amphastar to reduce by almost 20 percent the cost of the drug to law enforcement and public health officials in the state.
“We encourage all of your members to consider negotiating agreements with Amphastar to make naloxone more widely available in every state," Sanders and Cummings wrote.
Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have been concerned with the growing number of deaths from heroin and prescription drugs.
Sanders and Cummings have put attention on drug prices in other areas as well. The pair introduced a bill in May to require generic drug manufacturers to pay a rebate to Medicaid when their drug prices rise faster than inflation.
Sanders has long made curbing drug prices part of his push to reform what he calls an overly costly healthcare system. He has also pushed for government-run, “single-payer” health insurance.
“It is unacceptable that Americans pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs,” Sanders said in a statement at the time of introducing the bill. “For years, generic drugs have made it possible for people to buy the medicine they need at lower prices. We need to make certain that generics remain affordable.”
Generic drugs have long been viewed as cheaper alternatives to brand-name drugs, but prices even for generics have been rising recently.
Systematic torture has surfaced once again as an integral part of the state of Israel's colonial violence. A recent report by Israeli human rights organisations B'Tselem and HaMoked — “Backed by the System: Abuse and Torture at the Shikma Interrogation Facility” — has exposed the dynamics of collective punishment and complicity within the Israeli legal framework which is replete with loopholes safeguarding the perpetrators' ability to act with impunity.
The exclusive focus on Shikma should be read as a detailed analysis of the official Israeli intention to violate Palestinian rights widely. Testimony provided by 116 Palestinian prisoners who were held at the prison between August 2013 and March 2014 detailed the rampant abuse, as well as interrogation under torture. The practices were deemed “prohibited” by an Israeli High Court of Justice ruling in 1999. However, as befits the colonial system, the institution made allowances for discrepancies which provided impunity for interrogators, thus ensuring some equilibrium between the state's intentions and its complicit institutions.
The ruling specifically avoided classification of the Israeli Security Agency's interrogation practices as torture. Interrogators were also sheltered from accountability “if it is subsequently found that they acted in the proper circumstances.” To all intents and purposes, the High Court ruling is devoid of any value for Palestinian prisoners and serves as yet another spurious endeavour characterising Israel's belligerence.
Palestinian prisoners who participated in the research testified to having been beaten savagely; exposed to extreme temperatures; threatened by interrogators; subjected to humiliation through threats of home demolitions and the rape of female family members; shackled in stress positions; subjected to blackmail in return for economic benefits; and encouraged to consider treason as collaborators. In addition, 14 of the interviewed detainees reported having been tortured by the Palestinian Authority's intelligence agents prior to being transferred to the Israeli authorities. While the dynamics of the PA's collaboration with the Israelis are known, the report reveals these details as facts about it as part of the security coordination agreement; “security” in this instance is shorthand for Israel's security, not that of the Palestinian people. In certain instances, Palestinian detainees said that they were told of the PA's dissemination of information regarding their detention, thus rendering Israeli officials complicit in obtaining testimony under torture.
Israel's ministry of justice exonerated both itself and Israeli interrogators with a statement published at the end of the report. Dismissing the research as “a description of only several isolated incidents” the ministry accused B'Tselem and HaMoked of denying relevant authorities “the possibility of a pertinent examination of the claims raised in the draft report.”
It is rather ironic that funding for the report was provided by the European Union, the same entity which prides itself upon symbolic gestures with regard to Palestine while exceeding expectations in ensuring that Israel remains unrivalled in its impunity and thus protected within the international community. Clearly, the content of the report does not reflect EU views, which maintain an abhorrent veneer of false sympathy for the victims of Israeli violence.
However, the cycle of dependency is evident. Forcefully stripped of dignity, it is reliant upon external aid that has rendered such dissemination of information regarding Palestinian rights more accessible.
As long as the international community remains committed to Israel's existence at the expense of the indigenous Palestinians, the report will most likely suffer the fate of other well-researched documents; it will elicit a short-lived frenzy of activity before it sinks back into obscurity to become yet another specimen of awareness-raising. For Palestinians in Israeli jails, the cycle of torture applauded by both the PA and the international community will remain part of their inevitable daily reality in a grotesque and ongoing exploitation of their right to life and protection under international law.
The views expressed in this article belong to the author and do not necessarily reflect the editorial policy of Middle East Monitor.
With his presidency nearing an end, you're likely wondering whether President Obama has a bucket list. As he made very clear during his speech at Saturday's annual White House Correspondents' Dinner that he has something that rhymes with bucket list. Boom!
Yes, folks, we have a very witty president and no one was safe during his address to the crowd.
He delivered a laser-sharp barb at the expense of Michele Bachmann and her recent claim that rapture was upon us. “Michele Bachmann actually predicted that I would bring about the biblical end of days. Now, that's a legacy. That's big. I mean, Lincoln, Washington, they didn't do that.”
Related Post: Obama Asks Man If He's Gay Then Bumps Fists With Him
Good stuff. However, it's his two jokes made about marriage equality that really impressed.
On former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum's announcement that he would not attend a same-sex wedding if invited, Obama stated what we all said when we heard the blessed news: “Gays and lesbians across the country responded, ‘That's not going to be a problem.'”
Wrapping his close relationship with Vice President Joe Biden and homophobic Indiana Governor Mike Pence into one delicious bon mot, the president offered: “I tease Joe sometimes, but he has been at my side for seven years, I love that man. He's not just a great vice president, he is a great friend. We've gotten so close in some places in Indiana, they won't serve us pizza anymore.”
Cue loud applause and raucous laughter.
Bravo, Mr. President. We're happy to see you have a fallback career when you're presidency ends. Watch some of the zinger-filled speech below.
ABC Breaking US News | US News Videos
Cleveland Indians vs. Toronto Blue Jays
A lot of people have told me they no longer have interest in the ALCS because of the two teams in it. Sure, it wasn't everyone's prediction a week ago, but the two hottest teams in baseball are going to go best-of-7 to win the AL Pennant. Both teams swept their opponents in 3 games during the ALDS and both teams will have rested rotations with the extra time off.
Toronto hasn't won a Pennant since 1993, and they went on to win the World Series that year. That was the year of the famous Joe Carter, Game 6 walk-off home run to win the World Series for the Blue Jays.
Everyone had high expectations for the Rangers and Blue Jays series with the history these teams have developed in the last year. The Jays swept Texas in 3 games. I thought the Jays would give them a series, but I didn't see this coming. I don't think many people saw Toronto advancing. They're fired up now.
The Indians won their last Pennant in 1997 where they went on to lose in the World Series to the Florida Marlins thanks to a Game 7, 11th inning walk-off hit by Edgar Renteria. The Tribe hasn't won a World Series since 1948, and you know they really want this one after winning the NBA title a couple months ago.
The Indians are coming into this series after sweeping the Red Sox in the ALDS and putting an end to Big Papi's career just how Red Sox fans probably envisioned it. As AL Central Champions, they'll get the home field advantage in this series.
Game 1: Friday, October 14th. Progressive Field
Corey Kluber vs. Marco Estrada
Game 2: Saturday, October 15th. Progressive Field
Trevor Bauer vs. J.A. Happ
Game 3: Monday, October 17th. Rogers Centre
Marcus Stroman vs. Josh Tomlin
Game 4: Tuesday, October 18th. Rogers Centre
Aaron Sanchez vs. Mike Clevinger
Game 5: Wednesday, October 19th. Rogers Centre (If necessary)
TBD
Game 6: Friday, October 21st. Progressive Field (If necessary)
TBD
Game 7: Saturday, October 22nd. Progressive Field (If necessary)
TBD
Cleveland Indians
The Indians showed everyone that they don't need two of their best pitchers to be successful in the Postseason. No Danny Salazar, no Carlos Carrasco, no problem. Trevor Bauer wasn't too sharp in his Game 1 start, but he did enough to get it to the bullpen, which was BEAUTIFULLY managed by Terry Francona. I'll get to that in a minute.
Kluber out dueled David Price who always seems to struggle in Postseason starts and Josh Tomlin got through 5 solid innings to once again, pass the ball onto the beautifully managed Cleveland bullpen.
Had the series gone to a Game 4, I am not sure who the Indians would've put on the hill. This could be the only thing that concerns me with them going forward. Mike Clevinger is named as the 4th man in the Indians rotation for the ALCS, but he is penciled in for that start. If they need him out of the bullpen, they won't hesitate to use him, causing the Tribe to run with 3 starters instead of 4.
If they run a 3-man rotation of Bauer, Kluber and Tomlin, then it makes me wonder about the consistency of Bauer and Tomlin. Factor in them going on short rest and it's an even different game.
The Indians sured up their bullpen at the deadline. You're all set with Cody Allen and Andrew Miller there to shut down any game. It's so important come October. Ask the Giants about having a lock down guy in the late innings. They'll preach that.
Terry Francona deserves all the credit in the world for his managing in the Boston series. Bauer was pulled after 4.2 innings in Game 1 and replaced by closer Andrew Miller. A closer in the 5th inning? Yes. And it is/was genius.
I've said that you should want to use your best relief pitcher in high leverage situations instead of saving them to get the final 3 outs of a game in a save situation only. Which is more impressive? A guy coming in when your team is up 1 in the 5th inning with the bases loaded and 1 out and getting out of that jam? Or coming in during the bottom of the 9th while you're up 3 against the bottom half of the order?
Sure, these scenarios can change and you can't predict the end of the game, but in the Postseason I want to get outs as easily as possible, and Andrew Miller is the way to do that. The best part is, he gets you out of a jam, and then still goes and other 1.2 innings on 40 total pitches. You can't save the game if you don't have the lead in the 9th.
Keep doing this Terry. The Tribe can very easily find themselves in a middle inning jam with guys like Edwin, Tulo and Bautista coming up while guys are on base. So go with the best guy to keep your lead. Don't go to an innings eater who might give up the lead because the other team will then go to their best relief arms.
It goes back to the wild card with the Orioles keeping Britton in the bullpen and not throwing him at any point of the game. You can't save your best arm just to hope he can close out a win. Use your best guy to put you in the best situation for winning.
If there was an ALDS MVP my vote (aside from Andrew Miller) would go to Jose Ramirez. I thought he had a fantastic series offensively and defensively. He hit .500 in the 3 games and was on-base at a .583 clip.
The offense is there. The defense has been sharp. The bullpen on lock-down. The question for me is the rotation. If the Blue Jays jump on any of the Indians starters in the first 3 games and the Indians are forced to use Clevinger, they could run away with it.
They'll be facing one of the best rotations in the American League this year. It's definitely a step up from Boston's rotation, but as I said, Cleveland wants this one.
Toronto Blue Jays
The Blue Jays will show you that if you don't bring A+ pitching every game in the Postseason it can really hurt you. 10 runs in Game 1 off Cole Hamels in Texas. They went on the road and came out with a bang. Everyone in their lineup contributed. The big headline of that game aside from all the hitting was starter Marco Estrada.
Estrada wasn't the ideal Game 1 starter when you have Aaron Sanchez and J.A. Happ, but he took the ball and went 8.1 innings giving up 4 hits and 1 run. That instantly set the tone for the rest of the series. Estrada has been named the Game 1 starter for the ALCS.
J.A. Happ gets Game 2, wild card starter Marcus Stroman Game 3 and Aaron Sanchez Game 4. I think the Jays match up nicely and have the advantage over Cleveland in this series especially come Game 4.
If it's Clevinger and Sanchez then Sanchez has the upper hand. If it's Kluber on short rest and Sanchez then I'm still taking Sanchez.
The bats won't be a concern in this series. Donaldson hit .538 in the ALDS, Encarnacion hit .417, and Tulo hit .462. You don't get a rest with this line-up, and when guys like Melvin Upton Jr. start hitting home runs, you're in some trouble.
My biggest concern for the Jays going into October was the bullpen. They erased any doubts I had against the Rangers. Joe Biagini, Brett Cecil, Jason Grilli and Roberto Osuna were fantastic. Francisco Liriano was brilliant out of the pen in the wild card game. He saw action in Game 2, but took a line drive off the head and was taken to the hospital. Thankfully he only has a minor concussion and should be able to go by Game 2 of the ALCS.
John Gibbons has been using Osuna in tough situations as well. He won't bring him in during a mid-game jam, but he didn't hesitate to use the closer to record a 5-out save in Game 2. Osuna has gone more than 1.0 inning in each of his Postseason appearances in 2016. And once again, why not? Use your best guy as needed. Don't keep him waiting and be left with him waiting.
There was some concern he was overused late in the season in the final Postseason stretch. He struggled with fatigue which got him lifted from the wild card game sooner than Gibbons would've preferred, but he waived it off and came back ready.
I never worry about Toronto's offense. Their starting rotation was one of the AL's best this year. Solid defensive play. Great bullpen as of late. They're where they need to be heading into this series.
Prediction
The two teams played 7 times this year with the Indians taking the season series from the Jays 4-3. This series could easily go 7 games again, but I am taking the Blue Jays in 5.
There is something you can feel right now with the Blue Jays and I don't think it can be slowed down. I like the way their starters stack against the Indians pitchers. Plus they'll be looking for redemption after losing in the ALCS last year to the Royals.
In honor of Eugen Sandow's upcoming birthday on April 2nd I offer you 144 of the top high protein shakes for muscle gain and weight loss! For more on whey protein checkout our comprehensive guide to the best affordable protein powders on the market.
For those who haven't heard of Eugen Sandow, he's basically THE man generally regarded as the “Father of Modern Bodybuilding. He may also have been the first European man to rock the leopard print shorts, but who knows.
Eugen Sandow was born in Konigsberg, Prussia on April 2, 1867. He ultimately left Prussia in 1885 to avoid military service, and in 1889 he made his first appearance on the London stage. In the beginning of his career he was a typical strongman, lifting large amounts of weight, and performing fantastic feats of strength in front of awe struck audiences.
That all changed when Sandow's employer, Florenz Ziegfeld, promptly realized that audiences were far more fascinated by Sandow's bulging muscles than by the amount of weight he was lifting. It wasn't long before Eugen Sandow became Ziegfeld's first star with his “muscle display performances”. Well, the name could use some work, but the concept was born, and has since blossomed into the giant world of bodybuilding.
It's important to note that Sandow's likeness to the physiques found in classical Greek and Roman sculpture was no accident. He actually took the time to measure the Greek and Roman statues in various museums, which in turn allowed him to develop his body to precise proportions that have since become known as “The Grecian Ideal”. Keep in mind this is long before supplements, and the convenience of whey protein shakes. Amazing!
The Skinny
The following table can be organized by type (flavor) at your command by simply clicking on the arrow. You can also search it via the search box below. Looking for a new blender? Checkout our video that takes a look at one of the best gifts I've ever gotten, and the best personal blender ever. It's less than $20.00! 🙂
Another great way to get a convenient boost of protein to whip up a batch of our tasty peanut butter POWER protein balls.
Sounds off!
Is your favorite shake recipe missing and you're just dying for us all to try it?
Enter it into the comments section below and I may feature it in an upcoming video, or just say whatever sizzles your bacon.
Care to walk on the wild side? Checkout this banana cream protein shake recipe from Tidymom.net
Pray that the illness leaves me soon!
Rock it!
-Matt On Google +
144 Of The Top Protein Shake Recipes
I've made just about every single one at this point, and they're all delicious!
For additional information about soy and whey proteins.
For smoothies checkout Superskinnyme.com's CRAZY cool smoothie infographic, featuring full image breakdowns of 18 awesome recipes!
How much protein do you need?
Find out with the Fit Desk Jockey Protein Calculator!
Vortaro Esperanto-Ido v ortaro de lexiko da Heinz Jakob, novredaktia da Gert Heintze
Internacia lernolibro por Esperantistoj da Heinz Jakob, novredaktia da Gert Heintze
KANSONI KRISTNASKALA kolekturo di kansoni Kristnaskala en Ido tradukita da Tiberio Madonna (2017)
LA SAPONBULO verko skribita da Tiberio Madonna (2017)
STUDYO PRI LA DERIVADO verko skribita en anciena Ido da L. Couturat (editita en 1910), transskribita elektronikale da Tiberio Madonna (2017)
Espritaji da Partaka, qua kompilis e tradukis (Barcelona 2017)
Doktoro JIVAGO (Unesma parto) segun la Germana tradukuro Thomas Reschke Aufbau-Verlag, Berlin, Weimar 1991 tradukita aden Ido da Juergen Viol
Olimpiala Ludi en Rio de Janeiro, 2016 kreita da João Xavier Santos (Brazilia) che Wikipedio
ANTOLOGIO DI LETRO INTERNACIONA E KURIERO INTERNACIONA da Jean-Claude Martignon (Francia)
La Apostoliana Letri segun la Biblo en nuna Germana tradukita aden Ido da Juergen Viol (Germania)
La Evangelio segun Markus segun la prima texto tradukita aden la Germana da Franz Eugen Schlachter (versiono dil yaro 2000), tradukita aden Ido da Juergen Viol (Germania)
La dementulo" da Kahlil Gibran tradukita da Brian Drake
"Evangelio segun Partakael" , original Ido-verko da Partaka (Barcelona, 2014) ( i mprimebla versiono)
Tradukuro - du dramati da Lord Dunsany tradukita da Brian Drake
, da Henry Jacob (Riproduktado ek l'Orientala Kafeerio - Editerio Progreso 1987)
DICAJI nova Ido-proverbaro kompilita, adaptita e tradukita da Partaka (Barcelona, 2013)
La sonjo dil Elefanteto tradukita da A. Martinez
Tri rankonti da Anatole France, pseudonimo di Francois Anatole Thibault (1844-1924)
"Habemus LIA" originala Ido-verko cienco-fiktiva da PARTAKA kom pdf-dokumento por descharjar
"Josh, ocidero di alieni" da Jörg Wischnewski tradukita da Hermann Philipps kom pdf-dokumento por descharjar (L'originalo di ica rakonto en la Germana linguo trovesas hike )
"Josh, ocidero di alieni" da Jörg Wischnewski tradukita da Hermann Philipps kom html-dokumento por regardar per vua interretilo (L'originalo di ica rakonto en la Germana linguo trovesas hike )
"Polyeuktos" da Pierre Corneille tradukita da J. Houillon
Kurso di la linguo internaciona Ido Ecelanta Ido-kurso en la Hispana, dil ISH. Autoro: Jose M Lopez
Gramatica del idioma mundial Ido Ido-gramatiko en la Hispana da J. L. Nadal
Parolacho! Lexiko pri amo, amoro, sexualeso e kozi relatanta; da Hans Stuifbergen
IDO proverbaro da Heinrich Peus ( Dessau 1918)
Louis Couturat, 1868 - 1914 da L. de Beaufront
La Suno di Tiahuanako da G. T. Romanin
Selektita texti ek "Lektolibro por laboristi" plura autori
La Nimfo da Elin-Pelin (Dimitr Ivanoff)
La nova vesti dil imperiestro da Hans Christian Andersen
La furtita sigaretuyo da Bret Harte
La libro pri Esther da A. Kofman
Rakonteti e fabli, unesma tomo da Fernando Tejon
Polona Ido-Lernolibro da Leonard Weber ( Lwow 1937)
Norda Muziko dum julia sudornokta sendormado poemo da Glebo Malzev (kompozita dum l'Ido-konfero 2004, Kyiv, 21esma di julio 2004)
Koro-kanti e kansoni en Ido Versi tradukita ed originala da T.Sweetlove (1927)
Νέα μέθοδος διδασκαλίας διεθνούς βοηθητικής γλώσσης "IDO" "Esperanto reformita Συγγραφέας : Αθανασόπουλος , Ευάγγελος Αθήναι [χ.ε.] (1973) (Nova docado-metodo di la auxiliara linguo "Ido" "Esperanto reformita" Autoro: Athanasopoulos, Evangelos (1973))
Nonni e Manni Vera historio pri du pueri Islandana da Jon Svensson, S.J., tradukita da Kanoniko J. Houillon
Kelka maestroverki dil moderna liriko Araba tradukita da Rafael Nakhla
Internaciona Matematikal Lexiko da Couturat
Kolekturo de rakonti da Le Grimm tradukita J. Houillon
Evangelio da Santa Lukas tradukita da L. Kauling
Quaradek Fabli tradukita J. Houillon
Mediko kontrevole, triakta komedio da Molière tradukita da Jules Gross
Ido-guide for doctors, nurses, stretcher-bearers, the wounded, the sick, soldiers da Beaufront, tradukita ed adaptita da H. Brisbane Eldon
Ambicio di oro di la jezuitida Han Ryner tradukita a la Hispana da J. Elizalde ed ad Ido da Pedro Marcilla
Ido-marcho da J. Versalles
Nova Horizonti da Jean Barral
Katekizala exempli da J. Houillon
Vivo di nia Sinioro Iesu-Kristo explikata per lumimaji
Agi dil Apostoli tradukita da L. Kauling
Sundiala Evangelii tradukita da L. Beaufront
Alpi-Rozi da Jules Gross
Starptautiska Valoda Ido (Internaciona linguo Ido) da V. Sprogis
Vivo di Santa Franciskus de Sales da Markezo de Segur tradukita da Lucie Poitresse
Vivo di Santa Ioanna Franciska de Chantal da Lucie Poitresse
Международный вспомогательный язык ИДО (Internaciona helplinguo Ido)
Международный вспомогательный язык ИД О - vortaro (Internaciona helplinguo Ido - vortaro)
Autoro: B. K. Aaronov
Kelka poemi Franca verse tradukita od imitita per Ido da J. Houillon
Ukraina-Ido,Ido-Ukraina, mikra dicionario kun gramatiko
Autoro: M.Gaponenko
Quar rakonti da Guy de Maupassant tradukita da J. Houillon
Probo-Flugi sur Pegazo, Poemi en Ido da Tom SweetLove
Rahwuswahelise keele " Ido " wõti
Mil vorti Ido segun la listo "1000 word English" adaptita ad Ido da Heinz Jacob (1939 )
Can we have a rational discussion about hits to the head?
Bob McKenzie TSN Hockey Insider Follow|Archive
Can we have a discussion about hits to the head?
A rationale one devoid of emotion and hyperbole?
I'm not sure, but let's give it a shot (pun duly noted).
First things first: Jacob Trouba's hit on Mark Stone on Sunday is a clear Rule 48 violation.
Here's how the rule reads:
“Illegal Check to the Head – A hit resulting in contact with an opponent's head where the head was the main point of contact and such contact to the head was avoidable is not permitted.
In determining whether contact with an opponent's head was avoidable, the circumstances of the hit including the following shall be considered: (i) Whether the player attempted to hit squarely through the opponent's body and the head was not "picked" as a result of poor timing, poor angle of approach, or unnecessary extension of the body upward or outward. (ii) Whether the opponent put himself in a vulnerable position by assuming a posture that made head contact on an otherwise full bodycheck unavoidable. (iii) Whether the opponent materially changed the position of his body or head immediately prior to or simultaneously with the hit in a way that significantly contributed to the head contact.”
Now here's video of the Trouba hit on Stone:
Was Stone's head the “main point of contact” on Trouba's hit?
Yes. It's not up for debate.
Trouba did not “hit squarely through the body.” Stone's head was “picked as a result of poor timing, poor angle of approach...”
Stone did not put himself in a “vulnerable position.” He did not “materially change the position of his body or head immediately prior to or simultaneously with the hit in a way that significantly contributed to the head contact.”
If you're ticking off all the boxes for a Rule 48 violation, Trouba's hit on Stone clearly qualifies.
As an aside, for those Senators' fans who were miffed a major penalty was not assessed to Trouba on the play, the rule book is pretty clear on this.
Trouba was correctly assessed an illegal check to the head minor penalty (Rule 48). There is no provision for a major penalty on Rule 48 – it simply doesn't exist – unless the referee deems it to be a match penalty for “intent to injure.”
Was Trouba's hit an “intent to injure” type of play?
No.
Stone was eligible to be hit. Trouba's hit wasn't as malicious or vicious as it was poorly timed and/or misaligned. There's always some degree of subjectivity on these, but I would like to think we can all agree that didn't look like an intent to injure match penalty.
Based on all of the above, there was no surprise whatsoever when NHL Player Safety tweeted late last night that Trouba would have a disciplinary hearing today.
And he will be suspended.
Isn't this a lovely, civil discussion we're having so far?
Let's try to keep it that way, but we're going to severely test those limits as we talk about Evgeni Malkin's hit on Blake Wheeler last Thursday.
At 11:04 of the third period, Malkin was assessed a two-minute minor for interference when he hit Wheeler, who was trying to clear a loose puck from the slot area but never actually got his stick on the puck. To the letter of the law, it was interference. Malkin likely couldn't have known Mark Stuart would, by a split second, get his stick on the puck instead of Wheeler, so Malkin hit Wheeler.
But the referee did know Wheeler wasn't eligible to be hit; hence the call for interference.
One might suggest Malkin could have been whistled for charging instead of interference. His feet appeared to leave the ice just prior to contact being made. It easily could have, probably should have, been a charging minor.
Why, though, was this not a Rule 48 violation, an illegal check to the head minor?
Clearly, contact was made with Wheeler's head. But there was also significant body-on-body contact as well.
This angle of the Malkin hit clearly demonstrates that while the head was contacted, Malkin also hit “squarely through the body.”
Angry Jet fans – no shortage of them right now – would rather you look at these views on Malkin making contact with Wheeler's head:
In any case, in the eyes of the referee(s), interference or charging or Rule 48, the outcome would be the same: A minor penalty. The ref did his job.
Next question: Why didn't NHL Player Safety call a disciplinary hearing to suspend Malkin?
The argument would be that not every interference, or charging, penalty “rises to the level” of supplementary discipline. Sometimes a penalty is just a penalty and, in this instance, that is precisely how Player Safety opted to look at it. That's never going to be a strictly black-and-white argument, so the subjectivity engenders debate.
Understood.
Displeased Jets fans would argue that there's no difference between Trouba hitting Stone in the head and Malkin hitting Wheeler in the head.
But, according to NHL rules, there most clearly is a difference.
The NHL is very forgiving on hits to the head IF said hit to the head is also accompanied with a full body-on-body check.
And in spite of the contact Malkin made with Wheeler's head, Malkin did make a body-on-body check, whichever angle you choose to look at it.
That, in a nutshell, is why Trouba is looking down the barrel of a Rule 48 suspension and Malkin isn't.
The minute I saw the Malkin on Wheeler replays, I knew Malkin would not be getting supplementary discipline on the basis of Rule 48 and that it was doubtful the interference or charging would rise to that level either.
Now, though, let's wade into even stormier waters: Should this Malkin-Wheeler type of head hit be excused because it's viewed more as a bodycheck?
Now, there's the real rub.
It's a debate that's been going on for some time now, almost since the inception of Rule 48. A growing number of NHL general managers – most notably New Jersey's Ray Shero, Florida's Dale Tallon, Chicago's Stan Bowman, Columbus's Jarmo Kekalainen, Minnesota's Chuck Fletcher and Pittsburgh's Jim Rutherford, amongst others – believe there should be stricter enforcement of Rule 48 for significant head contact even if it includes a body-on-body check.
But while those numbers have grown over the last few years, the majority of NHL GMs – led by Anaheim's Bob Murray, Edmonton's Peter Chiarelli, Los Angeles's Dean Lombardi, Philadelphia's Ron Hextall, Tampa's Steve Yzerman and Toronto's Lou Lamoriello, amongst others – still fiercely oppose any broadening of Rule 48 and, in fact, already think the NHL legislation cuts it too fine, that the game is on the slippery slope to becoming a non-contact league.
For what it's worth, and it's not much, I didn't like the Malkin hit on Wheeler. I like to think I like hitting in hockey as much as anyone, but Malkin's hit struck me as unnecessary. The puck was gone. Outside of fulfilling the time-worn “finish your check” mantra or protecting the sky-is-falling chorus of “there's going to be no hitting in the game,” I'm not sure what purpose Malkin's hit served, especially weighed against the contact to Wheeler's head.
But I have also come to realize everyone's threshold for this type of hit is different, and if the GMs on opposite sides of the debate haven't figured it out yet, I don't like our chances for resolving it here today.
I get that Jets fans are angry, and I wouldn't want to be dismissive of them, though let's be honest: How many of them would be outraged if it had been Wheeler who hit Malkin in that fashion?
What I would really be curious about is how the players who play this game – the guys with the greatest vested interest – feel about the Malkin hit on Wheeler. I'd love to sit down with an NHL team, show them multiple angles of Malkin hitting Wheeler, and get all 23 players' true feelings on it.
Are they good with that type of hit? Should it be suspendable?
There are bound to be opinions at both ends of the spectrum, but I'd be really curious to see how big, or little, the swing is either way. I wouldn't even want to guess which way popular opinion would go.
I know the players, by virtue of NHL Players' Association representation on the Competition Committee, have input and power on rule changes, but I'm not sure I'd necessarily equate that to really knowing what the rank-and-file players are actually thinking.
I mean, it's their heads being hit on now legal checks. Maybe I'd feel better about the Malkin hit on Wheeler if I knew the players, the majority of them anyway, didn't have an issue with it.
In the pantheon of NHL hits to the head, neither the actionable Trouba on Stone, nor the summarily dismissed Malkin on Wheeler, are the most egregious or incendiary we've ever seen. Not even close.
That's why I thought maybe they would be good ones to have a rational discussion about.
Canadian Law Enforcement Can Intercept, Decrypt Blackberry Messages
from the so-much-for-the-one-thing-Blackberry-used-to-have-going-for-it... dept
Blackberry's CEO, John Chen, didn't care for the fact that Apple was "locking" law enforcement out of its devices by providing customers with default encryption. As he saw it, Apple was placing profits ahead of Mom, Apple pie and American-made motorcars.
For years, government officials have pleaded to the technology industry for help yet have been met with disdain. In fact, one of the world's most powerful tech companies recently refused a lawful access request in an investigation of a known drug dealer because doing so would "substantially tarnish the brand" of the company. We are indeed in a dark place when companies put their reputations above the greater good.
[T]here are no backdoors in any BlackBerry devices, and BlackBerry does not store and therefore cannot share BlackBerry device passwords with law enforcement or anyone else.
Imagine for a moment that everybody's front door has the same key. Now imagine that the police have a copy of that key, and can saunter into your living room to poke around your belongings while you're out, and without your knowledge.
By way of metaphor, this is exactly how the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, Canada's federal police force, intercepted and decrypted "over one million" BlackBerry messages during an investigation into a mafia slaying, called “Project Clemenza," that ran between 2010 and 2012.
In addition to routing and compressing data traffic, RIM's service offerings also include a measure of security in excess of the practices adopted by their competitors. BBM, as an example, is encrypted. However, it is encrypted using a global key. RIM has written that,
"The BlackBerry device scrambles PIN messages using the PIN encryption key. By default, each BlackBerry device uses a global PIN encryption key, which allows the BlackBerry device to decrypt every PIN message that the BlackBerry device receives."
This means that RIM can decrypt consumers' messages that are encrypted with the global key. Consumer devices include all RIM offerings that are not integrated with a BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES). The BES lets administrators change the encryption key, which prevents RIM from using the global decryption key to get at the plaintext of BES-secured communication.
[The RCMP maintains a server in Ottawa that "simulates a mobile device that receives a message intended for [the rightful recipient]." In an affidavit, RCMP sergeant Patrick Boismenu states that the server "performs the decryption of the message using the appropriate decryption key." The RCMP calls this the "BlackBerry interception and processing system."
The defence in the case surmised that the RCMP must have used the "correct global encryption key," since any attempt to apply a key other than BlackBerry's own global encryption key would have resulted in a garbled mess. According to the judge, "all parties"—including the Crown—agree that "the RCMP would have had the correct global key when it decrypted messages during its investigation."
RCMP inspector Mark Flynn testified in a heavily redacted transcript that BlackBerry "facilitated the interception process," however, Flynn also stated that facilitation could mean mere information sharing or a physical action to aid interception.
Flynn further testified that revealing the key would jeopardize the RCMP's working relationship with BlackBerry, and harm BlackBerry itself, since "it is not a good marketing thing to say we work with the police."
Chen refused to "extend privacy to criminals." How he had any way of knowing who was or wasn't a criminal at the point of sale was not detailed in his rant.Then news surfaced that Dutch law enforcement could bypass Blackberry encryption with seeming impunity. At that point, Blackberry became defensive about its new stature as the least secure smartphone option. It claimed in a blog post that its stock phones were not open books for the world's law enforcement agencies. Despite promising earlier that the company would not aid criminals in keeping their secrets from law enforcement, Blackberry heatedly claimed its devices were secure as ever -- even in the hands of criminals.Ah, but therea backdoor. A big one. And it's on the opposite side of the "house." Motherboard is reporting that the Royal Canadian Mounted Police are able to access unencrypted communications thanks to the Blackberry's built-in "feature." Citizen Lab privacy expert Christopher Parsons backs up Motherboard's analogy . [emphasis in the original]Blackberry may becorrect when it asserts it has no access to user passwords. But that hardly matters when it holds the key that can decrypt any BBM communications that pass through its service (with the exception of administrator-level business accounts). This single key's access to unencrypted communications is likely what allowed (and possiblyallows) the RCMP to obtain plaintext messages.According to the documents obtained by Motherboard, the RCMP appears to be using some sort of Stingray-but-for-BBM technology to intercept and decrypt messages.By inserting itself into the middle of communications, the RCMP can intercept the messages. Access to the Golden Key ensures they can be read. The conclusion reached by both the defense team and the judge presiding over the case? The RCMP has Blackberry's global encryption key.Unfortunately, there aren't many more details. Many of the documents related to this case remain under seal and the RCMP certainly isn't going to discuss its interception/decryption secrets if it doesn't have to. It could very well be that it demanded (and obtained) the key from Blackberry, much in the way the FBI demanded Lavabit's SSL key. If so, Blackberry was far more cooperative than Lavabit, which chose to shut down the service rather than allow the government to have total access. (And it has been hinted by the DOJ that this sort of request may be headed Apple's way if it continues to fight its All Writs orders.)Somewhat ironically, the RCMP acknowledged in court that outing a cellphone provider as Junior G-Men would probably tarnish Blackberry's reputation -- basically the same thing Blackberry CEO John Chen claimed was the height of Apple impudenceThe question now is whether the RCMP still has this level of access. To cut off the RCMP, Blackberry would have needed to alter the global decryption key -- something that would have required "a massive update... on [a] per-handset basis," according to Citizen Lab's Christopher Parsons. And if Canada's law enforcement has it (orit), odds are law enforcement agencies in other countries had similar access. Investigators may not be keen to expose techniques in court or in released documents, but they're usually pretty good about sharing this info with like-minded law enforcement agencies.
Filed Under: blackberry, canada, encryption, interception, law enforcement, master key, rcmp
Companies: blackberry
Out of toilet paper, razors, or body wash? Uber can help you out. The app-based car service on Tuesday launched a new service that you can think of as your local corner store — on wheels.
"Now you can request allergy medicine, diapers, toothpaste and over 100 other items through the Uber app," the company announced. "This limited-time-only experiment will run for a few weeks – but the more you love it, the more likely it will last."
At this point, the service, dubbed Uber Corner Store, is only available to a limited number of Uber riders in the Washington, D.C. area.
Ordering is super simple. Just toggle the Corner Store option, set your delivery location within the coverage area, and confirm your address. If a driver is available, you'll get a text message with a link to the items available for purchase.
As with Uber rides, you won't need to whip out your credit card when ordering with Corner Store — all purchases will be charged right to your Uber account.
The service will up against similar services from Web giants like Google and Amazon; check out the slideshow above for some of the same-day, Web-based delivery services available around the country.
Meanwhile, Uber also on Tuesday announced it has hired former Obama adviser David Plouffe as its new Senior Vice President of Policy and Strategy. Plouffe, best known for running Obama's 2008 presidential campaign, will be managing all global policy and political activities for the company.
"I've watched as the taxi industry cartel has tried to stand in the way of technology and big change," Plouffe said in a statement. "Ultimately, that approach is unwinnable. But I look forward to doing what I can right now to ensure drivers and riders are not denied their opportunity for choice in transportation due to those who want to maintain a monopoly and play the inside game to deny opportunity to those on the outside."
Also on the ride-sharing front, Lyft is reportedly in search of a new COO. According to Re/code, citing sources close to the situation, COO Travis VanderZanden has left the company following a spat with its founders. VanderZanden came to Lyft last February after it bought his company Cherry, an on-demand car-wash service.
Image caption The Ming vase belongs to a collection of Chinese porcelain gathered together by Swiss tycoons.
A Chinese vase from the early Ming period has been sold for $21.6m (£14m) - a world record at auction for any item of Ming porcelain.
The vase, owned by Swiss tycoons, was bought at Sotheby's Hong Kong by an anonymous telephone bidder.
The blue and white Meiping vase of fruit sprays is estimated to be at least 500 years old.
The Sotheby's Hong Kong sales are seen as key indicators of the strength of the Asian art market.
The vase achieved a record price despite continuing global economic uncertainty, but some other major lots failed to sell.
The vase is part of the Meinyintang collection, Chinese porcelain which has been brought together over nearly half a century by the Swiss Zuellig brothers.
Porcelain from China's Ming dynasty (1368-1644) is older but often less decorative and ornate than Qing (1644-1911) ware.
In recent years Ming porcelain has been less in demand from mainland Chinese buyers, meaning that its prices have not reached anywhere near those of late Qing pieces.
"I think many people were worried what would happen before the sales," said Asian art dealer Nader Rasti.
"But I think they did well considering what's going on...15th Century porcelain has been so cheap for so long, there's a lot of good Ming porcelain that's still undervalued."
The Utah Jazz are going to be a scary good team in a few years. The young talent on the team is impressive, and they will likely acquire another strong piece this June, as Utah is slated to have a lottery pick in the draft. The Jazz have the youngest team in the NBA, with an average age of 23.5.
Despite being in the midst of a rebuild, Utah has already showed its ability to win this season. While the team's record of 33-41 isn't crazy impressive, if they were in the East they would be tied with Boston for the eighth seed. Also, they have beaten numerous contending teams such as the Rockets, the Grizzlies, the Trail Blazers, the Spurs, the Warriors, the Bulls, and the Cavaliers. This team is going to be really good, and they're going to get there sooner rather than later.
The Jazz have already begun to find the team's identity. They're a big, athletic, tough, defense-first team. This season, the Jazz have allowed fewer points to be scored on them than any other team. Furthermore, their defensive rating of 93.2 since the All-Star Break ranks first in the league.
Another part of the Jazz's identity is their rebounding. They grab boards left and right, and rank first in the NBA in both offensive rebounding percentage and total rebounding percentage.
Utah is a team loaded with potential, and their starting 5 of Dante Exum, Alec Burks, Gordon Hayward, Derrick Favors, and Rudy Gobert could be one of the best lineups in the league in a few years.
The Starters
Rookie Dante Exum, whom the Jazz selected no. 5 overall in the draft last summer, is their point guard of the future. Exum has had a pretty mediocre season thus far, although his defense hasn't looked half bad. Exum was not drafted for his ability to produce right now. He was drafted for his potential. Standing at 6'6″ with a 6'9.25″ wingspan and a 34.5 maximum vertical, Exum has the physical tools to make NBA scouts salivate. Beyond his physical gifts, he has shown some solid passing and finishing skills, although the jumper isn't there. Utah shouldn't be concerned about the holes in Exum's game. At just 19 years-old, Exum has a ton of time to develop his game and get adjusted to the NBA.
Exum showed off his insane speed in a game against the Pistons:
Alec Burks has good size for a shooting guard, at 6'6″ with a 6'10” wingspan. Combine that with his 36-inch vertical, and you can see that Burks, like Exum, has great physical tools. While Burks' ceiling is lower than Exum's, Burks is definitely more of an NBA-ready player right now. His jumper has looked good this season, and he's shot 38.2% from deep. Although his season ended prematurely, he is locked up with the Jazz for the next few years.
Gordon Hayward is the team's best player right now. He's averaging 19.6 points to go with 4.9 rebounds, 4.2 assists, and 1.5 steals. Hayward can really do it all. He can pass, defend, shoot, drive, and finish. Hayward hasn't been an all-star yet, but he probably will be very soon. He's also proven that he can take the big shots, as you can see in the video below.
Derrick Favors has been one of the league's best-kept secrets this year. He isn't talked about very often but he has put up very strong numbers, averaging 16.4 points, 8.3 rebounds, 1.5 assists, 1.7 blocks, and 0.8 steals on the season. He has also shot 53.2% from the field. Favors is a long, athletic power forward, standing at 6″10.25 in shoes with an impressive 7″4 wingspan and a 35.5″ maximum vertical.
Rudy Gobert is going to be a defensive force for years to come. The big man from France has been lighting it up this season, and has thrived since the departure of Enes Kanter. In the month of March, Gobert averaged a ridiculous 14.9 rebounds per game, to go along with 10.9 points and an impressive 2.3 blocks. Gobert is a freak of nature. According to Draftexpress.com, he's 7'2″ in shoes, and has the longest wingspan in the league, at an absurd 7'8.5″. Gobert has already put himself in the running for Defensive Player of the Year, due to his excellent rim protection.
The Bench
The Jazz have a long way to go in terms of bench depth. They rank in the bottom half of the league in bench scoring, but have a few good pieces on the bench.
Trey Burke hasn't shot efficiently at all in his short NBA career, but is capable of lighting it up at times. Assuming he can improve his efficiency, he should make a great spark plug off the bench for the Jazz. Other solid bench players include Trevor Booker and rookie Rodney Hood. Hood has a smooth stroke, and has shot 36.8% from 3 this season. Booker is a good rebounder and an excellent finisher around the rim. Plus, Booker made the most ridiculous shot of the year:
The Jazz are going to need to bolster their bench and continue to develop their young players before the rebuild is finished. One way that the Jazz can bolster their bench is through this year's draft. They will most likely have a late lottery pick. This year's draft is packed with talent, and the Jazz might be able to get a nice backup big like Texas' Myles Turner or Wisconsin's Frank Kaminsky.
Utah is a smash mouth basketball team that plays good defense, and rebounds like crazy. They need to keep improving while still maintaining that identity. Once this rebuild is complete, the rest of the league will need to watch out, because the Jazz got next.
The West is obviously a very strong conference, but if Utah picks well in the draft and their young players continue to improve, they could sneak into the playoffs next year and be a scary underdog matchup. If all goes well for Utah, they should be a title contender within the next 5 years.
As a business VoIP provider, staying on top of the latest technologies is important to us. It's also important to businesses who want to use them. So when I decided to research the question, Can Skype for Business replace my PBX? (in other words, are they a competitor of ours?), I figured I'd publish my findings.
Finding concrete information about the service and its role in the business VoIP landscape has been unexpectedly difficult. In this post, I've tried to summarize what was proposed, what is currently available, and whether or not I think Skype can be a viable option for a business' PBX needs.
What is Skype for Business?
You may be familiar with Skype, the freemium instant message and video chat service for consumers that was bought by eBay in 2009 and later sold to Microsoft in 2011. You may also be familiar with Lync, Microsoft's business-focused communication software made available in 2011. Microsoft announced in 2014 that Lync would be rebranded/replaced with Skype for Business the following year.
Skype for Business was officially released in September 2015, though the Mac OSX client remains as "Lync for Mac 2011" for now. It is included in Microsoft's "Office 365" - an online subscription service which also includes Office applications and file storage.
Skype for Business [Source]
The service has a number of collaboration features, allowing co-workers to make and record audio & video calls amongst themselves, instant message with presence and file transfers, and has lofty goals for meeting the needs of "all your conversations".
Skype for Business Phone Integration & Other Promises That Were Made
These lofty goals were largely laid out in an announcement back in March, including a video titled "Vision for the Future" featuring actors making futuristic calls, where the information they needed was always a hand gesture away. After the video and a bit about "reinventing productivity", the team addressed the details - one of which was the announcement of phone service:
We will offer enterprise voice and audio conferencing in Office 365, starting with a technical preview in the U.S. this summer, as well as enterprise-grade PSTN connectivity, beginning in the U.S. later this year, followed by a global roll out.
They also addressed hardware:
I'm pleased to announce Skype Room Systems, which will deliver the Skype for Business experience to the more than 50 million meeting spaces of all shapes and sizes in use by organizations worldwide. Polycom will deliver a new series of solutions called Polycom RoundTable, purpose-built for Skype for Business. The first new device in this new offering is the Polycom RoundTable 100. Designed for small-to-midsized businesses (SMB) and teams, and expected to be offered at a price point of around $1,000.
Current Status of Skype for Business and PBX Integration
Microsoft did indeed include PSTN connectivity in the technical preview earlier this year, which was available to a subset of Office 365 users. Paul Robichaux received an invitation and wrote a piece outlining PSTN calling for WindowsITPro in July/August. In it, he goes through the signup, setup and calling processes and stated that he was "overall, pretty impressed" with the preview. He also reiterated that there is no mention of how much the service will cost when it is released (it's free in the preview) or when that is expected to happen.
Fast forward to today and "Skype for Business" is available for purchase. However, I haven't been able to find any details regarding an official release of any PSTN features or their pricing - only mentions of "Integration with on-premises communications systems, such as PBX and video teleconferencing systems". It's actually been difficult finding any information at all, other than the announcement and a couple reviews of the preview from when it first began.
Galen Gruman of InfoWorld recently wrote a review of the Office 365 release, but it only addresses the online meetings and chat functionalities of Skype for Business (neither of which were received well).
As for the Polycom RoundTable 100, a colleague of mine touched base with Polycom to ask when this phone model will be available. She was told that Polycom and Microsoft mutually agreed not to bring it to market. Polycom instead lists its RealPresence line of hardware under their Skype for Business products.
So, Can I Replace My Phone System with Skype for Business?
My answer: Probably not right now, but maybe in the near future.
Unfortunately, that's about as accurate of an answer I can give at the moment. Considering the announcement and the preview, it's expected that PSTN capabilities will be added to the service at some point, but they don't seem to be there at all in its current form and what has been written is not especially encouraging.
When this functionality does become available, it will be a separate issue of whether or not their pricing, features, desk/conference phone options, required commitments, etc. are the best choice for your business.
You could probably still use an on-premise PBX and run a Lync server, as it was previously possible, but that requires extensive planning and setup, will be less integrated than advertised, and is best completed by a Microsoft VAR. Here is a thread on IT community Spiceworks discussing the intricacies and various approaches to integrating an on-premise PBX solution with Skype for Business (Lync).
Alternatives for Your Phone System
Reading some of the reviews and other comments for the technical preview, the possibility arose that "the cloud" itself is what people are mainly excited about when it comes to Microsoft's proposed offering. Take these two quotes for example:
Deploying PSTN calling for Skype for Business on-premises can be complicated, with a long list of requirements and prerequisites. On the other hand, PSTN calling in the cloud is much simpler.
... when Avaya and Polycom get phones shipping that can connect right up to the cloud service, this becomes a really compelling alternative to continuing to maintain an expensive on premises PBX system.
The hosted PBX, or cloud phone system, has existed for quite some time, though, and has been successfully implemented and used by millions of people in businesses worldwide. There are quite a few providers that can get you up and running with business phone service in less than a day, without the need for a physical on-premise PBX.
OnSIP, for example, also provides an instant messaging service with presence, a feature similar to Microsoft's "Call via Work" called Click-to-Call, and a free browser-based phone that can be used for testing or making/receiving remote calls. Because OnSIP is standards-based, any SIP phone will work with the service, so no phones need to be specially made and ordered.
Non-PSTN Needs
Office 365 positions itself as an all-in-one collaboration suite, but it's also worth noting that there are many applications with smaller scopes of focus that try to master their trade, rather than covering them all. In Gruman's review from earlier, he mentions GoToMeeting and Join.me as more reliable options for video conferencing.
In our work space, we often use our own service OnSIP for voice in the browser and on deskphones, Slack for group messaging, Basecamp for project management, and Google Drive for document sharing. If we grow dissatisfied with any one piece, we can switch to another provider, rather than being locked into one provider for everything.
Liberals can say some pretty kooky things when given the platform to do it. The Media Research Center has 27 years worth of archives full of evidence to that effect. Need more proof? Wait until you hear what these two personalities on MSNBC had to say.
Michelle Goldberg, a writer for “The Nation,” appeared on MSNBC with Chris Hayes and delivered a statement that will simply melt the brain from inside your skull.
Goldberg said that, based on her conversations with "younger people," they find it "amazing" that "anybody" would question the need for gender-neutral language in reference to abortion.
“So there's been this kind of move to remove the word ‘women' from a lot of language around abortion, abortion funds," she said. "And there are a lot of second-wave feminists – and not only second-wave feminists – who say, you know, if you take women out of this, and you kind of take an understanding of patriarchy out of this, which I don't necessarily think you have to do, but I think, yeah, there's still a lot of sorts of conceptual murk to clear away."
"But among younger people that I've talked to, it almost seems amazing to them that anybody would question the need to have gender-neutral language,” said Goldberg.
Apparently the "young people" she's been talking to haven't received enough state-funded “sexual education” to know that the male species is simply not equipped with wombs. No amount of hormones or self-mutilation could ever give a man the ability to become pregnant. And, if you can't become pregnant, then according to liberal feminist logic, you don't have a voice in the issue.
Check out the clip below for their ridiculous remarks.
In honor of Stranger Things' upcoming second season, which premieres this Friday on Netflix, Spotify has hidden a spooky little gem in its web player: a re-skin that turns the black-and-green media player into The Upside Down. It won't affect the music you're playing, but it will add some floating spores and a flashlight beam to make your listening experience a little creepier.
Triggering the Easter egg is pretty simple: pull up your Spotify account on either the browser or app, start the Stranger Things soundtrack for either season, and let it play. Wait a few seconds, and you'll enter the home of the Demogorgon. If you move your mouse or browse around Spotify, however, it'll disappear.
Neither me nor my colleagues were able to activate it on the desktop app, though several readers have had better luck. It also only applies to the Stranger Things soundtracks — sadly, I could not get Drake to take the plunge — and Spotify only supports specific browsers, like Chrome. Nevertheless, it is Halloween season, and who doesn't appreciate a little visual panache with their moody playlists?
Thanks, Ben Krogh!
Update: Added additional information about desktop app functionality.
Family fun crafting with Fall leaves – follow along as we create a simple fall leaf bunting in a few easy steps and have some fun together as a family along the way!
This past week, Fall seems to have come into full bloom in our part of the world! The landscapes are gorgeous filled with deep reds, yellows and oranges as the trees change colour. We couldn't help but want to bring some of the beauty of Fall indoors with a simple family fall craft project!
Follow along as we create a simple fall leaf bunting in five easy steps + have some of your own family fun along the way!
1. Go for a family walk to collect leaves of similar size and in a variety of different colours and shapes. Explore your neighbourhood or a local park to find as many unique leaves as you can.
2. Bring your leaves home and then press them { instructions here } in a book. Leave for a few days until completely dried.
3. Using pages from an old book, cut out pennant shapes. Be sure to leave extra length at the top to be able to fold over and staple to create a space to string your banner.
4. Once leaves are ready your favourite adhesive to attach your pressed leaves to each pennant.
5. Fold down the top portion of each pennant, secure with staples leaving enough space to string your banner.
6. String your pennants and hang your lovely fall banner somewhere in your home to add a handmade touch of Fall to your decor.
"Why be given a body," Katherine Mansfield asked, "if you have to keep it shut up in a case like a rare, rare fiddle?" My rare fiddle was first exhibited to a mixed audience in Marin County, Calif., circa 1991, on a nude beach north of the Golden Gate Bridge where leering men failed miserably to impersonate sunbathers. If you didn't mind being addressed while your breasts were scrutinized, it was a fantastic place to go. I also discovered, on the city side of the bridge, the Osento Bath House for Women, which, with its multiculti sister vibe, offered a serene, almost utilitarian clothing-optional experience. But I, the budding naturist, craved something in between the total pervfest and the total perv refuge, a place where a sensual yet risk-free frisson stirred the waters, as when naked men and women, strangers all, share a single, often slimy-bottomed wooden hot tub.
So, my college boyfriend suggested we spend a weekend at Wilbur Hot Springs, a two-and-a-half-hour drive northeast of San Francisco. Wilbur straddles a dirt road in the middle of an 1,800-acre nature preserve. On one side of the road leans Wilbur's turn-of-the-century hotel, cockeyed and rambling, with bunk rooms, a communal kitchen and some private bedrooms; on the opposite side is the "bathhouse," a roof on stilts with fancifully curling eaves that shade a series of long, resistance-pool-shaped tubs. It was there that I learned my first lesson in nude coexistence: your naked body is not the most potentially embarrassing thing about you. If I felt any self-consciousness or anxiety, it was on behalf of my boyfriend's naked body, which exposed more about me than mine did.
Which was not that much of a problem among the earthy yet aloof Wilbur clientele. At Wilbur, nudity is permitted in certain places but not in others, the result being that you feel utterly comfortable while sitting elbow to elbow in water that smells like rotten eggs (in fact, a pleasant smell), but weird and tense when forced to chop vegetables at the kitchen island with strangers whose genitals, now hidden beneath drawstring pants, are vividly familiar to you. After dinner, prepared stiffly and judgmentally by each couple or group of friends, we sat in the common area, flipping through magazines or playing cards. One twosome, a man and a woman of practiced peacenik pretension, dramatized a telling scene from their relationship. The man played a bamboo flute while his wire-thin partner perched at his feet, nibbling a rice cake and gazing up at him with desperate adoration as he ethereally ignored her.
I was smitten. Not with being naked with strangers per se, nor with being naked in nature -- because California, unlike New York City, where I now live, is teeming with quasi-secret hot springs. I was interested in the places where a domestic routine is imposed upon a hippie-leaning community that I, without my clothing, could invisibly infiltrate. Far more revelatory than people's sexual organs are their kitchen habits, their reading habits, their romantic relationships in action. After many awkward dinner preps in communal kitchens with strangers whom I'd seen naked, I've realized that the awkwardness has nothing to do with the genital factor. Cooking next to a stranger requires far more intimacy than exposing your body; it's an extension of the shame you occasionally feel while scrutinizing strangers' groceries, their habits and predilections bobbling along the conveyor belt.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The most enjoyable, and friendly, place for human observation that I've found is Orr Hot Springs, 13 miles west of Ukiah, Calif., in the shaded crotch of the oak-and-eucalyptus-sided hills -- so enjoyable that I try to go back at least once a year. The Orr décor is funky 1970's Whole Earth Catalog: dark, dank wood and homemade stained-glass windows, along with the lingering odors of wet wool and menthol. There's a communal kitchen featuring kindly suggestive notes on water conservation; a library that has everything from decade-old Vanity Fairs to "The Natural Healing and Nutrition Manual, 1991"; and an English garden tended by an actual Englishwoman. The main hot tub is capable of holding up to six strangers comfortably, more if the foreign flab boundary isn't a concern. About flab and other bodily unruliness: the obsessively hair- and flab-free do not frequent the likes of Orr. Coed hairiness is O.K., as is sag, as is flab, even the kind that bobs gently on the waves created by the languid, in-utero movements of your tub mates. Everyone's comfort with their bodies, however flawed, means that you don't stare as much. Casual eye contact (and eye-body contact) is encouraged, if only because you quickly realize that refusing to register a person achieves the same alienating, even rude, effect as ogling; there is, thus, certain enjoyable freedom at Orr, to be accepted for who you are: an unexceptionally naked stranger.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Until, of course, you start chatting with your tub mates. Then it becomes clear that, like an American traveling through Cuba, you are engaged in a less-than-ordinary pursuit inspiring both a sense of camaraderie and a vague tingle of competitiveness. I've often been asked, "Is this your first time at Orr?" No, I reply, not without relief (my shaved armpits are enough of an outsider stigma). Then the talk turns to other hot springs. (Orr devotees complain that Harbin Hot Springs, near Calistoga, Calif., is too big, and the New Age vibe is oppressive; Wilbur is more low-key but too small.) Soon you begin exchanging harmless personal details: where you live, what you do. Because the world is an inevitably teensy place, connections with your clothed life begin to accrue. During my last visit, I found myself talking to a couple in their late 20's who were visiting from Portland, Me., which is my hometown and where I was scheduled to give a reading from my novel in two weeks. "You should come!" I urged. As I departed the tub, unselfconsciously flashing my lobster-red bum, I realized that this could create a distressing social situation.
For the most part, however, I've managed to keep a low profile; eavesdropping is more enlightening and requires less pretending. (Of course I know about the homeopathic remedy for acid reflux!) I've listened as a woman asked whether another woman had her Bragg Liquid Aminos on hand or, barring that, tamari sauce. I've watched an irretrievably lonely woman -- her loneliness on hold because of Orr's sense of community, as well as the sense that happiness is just a soak away -- pad around the garden in her robe, herbal tea in one hand, a book about spiritual self-discovery in the other. I've overheard impassioned people seated around the low Japanese tables -- these lifestyle-only inheritors of the 60's radical left -- engage in wide-eyed conversations about the threat of genetically engineered food, about fluoride in the water, about vaccines. Where clothes and even gravity are an occasional superfluity, these microscopic menaces take on a dire importance, whereas war, politics and global warming do not weigh as heavily. Here, you fool yourself into believing that you can control an enclosed universe: your own insides.
It's a super difficult question, but answering it and then taking consistent action is the difference between succeeding and failing.
[For a deep dive on this topic, go back and listen to episode two]
3. Find a money path that aligns with your definition of success.
Yes, money is an absolute necessity in this world, but that doesn't mean you have to sell your soul to get it. In fact, there are quite a few good ways to make a living, both in the world of film and outside of it.
If you want to make a living as a filmmaker, you can choose one of three broad categories: the film industry, freelancing and client work, and truly independent film. There are multiple paths you can take within each of those categories, and you can even mix and match them to suit your needs. The possibilities are endless.
You can also make your living outside of the world of film (because let's be honest, filmmaking is far from the easiest or most profitable way to make a living). If you choose this option, you give up a lot of time and energy that you could be devoting to film, but you also gain an incredible amount of freedom to choose what films you work on and who you work with. Maybe that's a worthwhile tradeoff for you. Maybe not.
What's most important here is choosing a path that's in line with your definition of success. If what you really want is to make a living with your own original films, but you never do anything other than shoot corporate videos, are you really working your way towards success? I think not.
[For a deep dive on the three major ways to make a living as a filmmaker, go back and listen to episodes 4, 5, and 6]
4. Find one way (or several) to diversify your income.
Whatever you do, don't skip this step. It's really goddamn important. Whether you realize it or not, income instability comes with the territory of being a filmmaker, no matter which of the money paths you choose.
And when your income isn't stable, it becomes very difficult to live a good life. I'm speaking from experience on this one. It really sucks when your main source of income dries up and you don't have anything to fall back on.
Luckily, in 2017 and beyond, pretty much any filmmaker can start up a profitable side hustle, whether it's shooting stock footage or doing something completely unrelated to film.
[For a deep dive on this topic, go back and listen to episode seven]
5. Hone your craft and find your unique artistic voice.
This is pretty self-explanatory. You need to be good at the craft of making films in order to succeed, and you need to make films that are unique and noteworthy if you want to stand out from the crowd.
And the absolute best tool I know of for accomplishing both of these things at once is making a lot of micro films, or small projects in the range of 1-5 minutes.
Since they require very little money or time to produce, and since you're not counting on them to generate income, you can use them to hone your technical and storytelling skills, take bold creative risks, and work with lots of new people, which helps you grow your network.
[For a deep dive on how to develop your unique voice, go back and listen to episode eight]
6. Start building up a unique and purposeful body of work.
Your body of work tells a story about who you are and what you've done. And once you realize that, you can start controlling the story you send out into the world.
This is super important, because in the world of film, a high quality body of work is your calling card. It's what opens doors to the best opportunities. Frankly, nobody gives a damn about your resume or if you have a fancy degree. They care what you've done in the past, as it's the best indicator of what you'll be able to do in the future. (sidenote: they also care if you come highly recommended from other trusted filmmakers, so start building your network, too!)
So be intentional about your body of work. Start thinking of everything you include as a small part of your larger story.
For instance, you can work on reality shows and corporate videos to pay the bills, but if that content doesn't fit into the larger picture of your ideal body of work, don't include it. Use your body of work as a means to tell the world what you're all about.
Again, one of the best ways to grow your ideal body of work quickly is by making micro films. These little films are such a powerful tool, and it's crazy to me that more filmmakers aren't using them to further their careers.
7. Apply "success boosters" liberally.
Success boosters are things that aren't directly tied to filmmaking, but that will nonetheless skyrocket your chances of being successful. This includes practices like...
building and nurturing your personal and professional networks.
building a diverse range of non-filmmaking skills, including hard skills like persuasion and pitching, and soft skills like communication, leadership, and collaboration.
managing your time and energy better.
taking care of your physical and mental health.
As an added bonus, when you focus on success boosters, their effects carry over to every other part of your life.
8. Keep showing up, even when it feels like you're not making progress.
Woody Allen once said, “80 percent of success is just showing up.”
He was right, and that's why this is the most important of the steps. Filmmaking success always takes time. Just doing a little bit of this stuff and then giving up won't get you the results you're after.
This is why it's so essential to be deeply connected with your definition of success. You have to know why you want it, because that “why” will fuel you and keep you motivated and engaged over the long haul, even when things get tough, which they inevitably will.
But when you keep showing up, putting in the work, and following the rest of these steps, your definition of success can be achieved. I promise.
9. Don't be afraid to reassess.
No matter what, your definition of success is never set in stone, nor is the path to achieving it.
We're all constantly growing and changing, so it makes sense to slow down every once in awhile, figure out if we're still on a track that we want to be on, and then make any necessary course corrections.
The short answer is “no.”
The long answer is a (to most people) really boring history lesson about Senate rules, and the creation of “cloture.”
So here's the medium length answer. A long time ago, a change to the Senate rules created a loophole, which allowed Senators to drone on and on endlessly and run out the clock on legislation. They could read from the phone book, or from the bible, or rant in paranoid fashion about how some day there would be a black president, and he would try to raise taxes on rich people. Whatever.
It looked a lot like what Bernie Sanders is doing today.
But when Senators began to abuse the rule, the Senate created another rule to allow a supermajority of members to vote to cut off debate. That's what happens in the current era when the Senate invokes “cloture,” and what will almost certainly happen with the tax cut debate.
The consequence of that change was pernicious, though. It meant that a minority of senators could very passively block legislation, simply by saying they'd vote against cloture. That's what happened with health care reform. The “filibuster” of health care reform was, in essence, the several weeks between when Harry Reid introduced the bill, and when he finally secured his 60th vote.
But in the meantime, you didn't see Republicans boldly and tirelessly hold the floor to prevent passage. They just made it clear that they'd never vote “yes”.
So even though what Sanders is doing now looks like a filibuster, and is in the spirit of the filibuster in its early days, and is what most laypeople think of when they hear the word “filibuster,” it is not a filibuster. And it won't be unless he can keep Reid from rounding up 60 votes next week — in which case he wouldn't need to be on the floor in the first place.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper (Photo from the governor's press office)
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper (Photo from the governor's press office)
RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) - Gov. Roy Cooper announced Monday his plan to raise North Carolina teacher pay to first in Southeast in three years.
Cooper's plan would bring teacher pay to the national average in five years.
Teachers would receive a 5-percent raise this year and then another 5-percent next year.
"These aren't just investments in our teachers, they are lasting investments in our economy and in our own children's future," said Cooper. "Education is part of North Carolina's legacy, but recently we've fallen behind. My proposal is a serious, multi-year increase in teacher salaries that will get us to the national average so we can show our teachers the respect they deserve."
Cooper's plan would have the average teacher salary at more than $52,000 in 2017-2018. That average is proposed to be at $55,000 in 2018-2019.
Teachers would also see an annual stipend of $150.
Any raise is welcome news to North Carolina's teachers.
But some of the more veteran teachers said they want to make sure that their salaries are going up as well.
Kathy Kauffman, a middle school guidance counselor, has worked in North Carolina for 19 years and is concerned, as an employee at the higher end of the pay scale, she may not see much of a raise.
"We're hardly able to keep up with mortgage payments, with the cost of living in the area," Kauffman said.
Cooper's proposal is included in his upcoming budget that will be presented to the legislature.
"We'll look forward to working with the legislature in the coming weeks because we know we've got to attract and retain these good teachers in order to have good public schools," Cooper said.
In response to Cooper's proposal, Senate Leader Phil Berger (R-Rockingham) issued a statement:
"After he opposed recent Republican budgets that increased average teacher pay by 15.5 percent, we are pleased Roy Cooper has finally joined legislative efforts to undo the damage of years of Democratic teacher furloughs and teacher pay freezes. We look forward to reviewing his complete budget proposal."
House Speaker Tim Moore responded by saying Republicans have made historic commitments to raising teacher pay since 2014 and they're excited to hear the governor wants to join them in those efforts.
Whatever is decided, Kauffmann hopes it has a positive impact on all teachers.
"Those of us who have a lot of expertise, we find it difficult to stay in this state even," Kauffman said.
Cooper will visit Lynn Road Elementary Tuesday at 1:30 p.m. to discuss teacher pay.
Part 2 of our series descending into the madness of free agency. A position-by-position breakdown of the talent on the defensive side of the ball. Want to know about the free agents on offense? Then listen to last week's show, ya goober.
Subscribe to The MMQB: 10 Things Podcast and it will be waiting in your feed first thing Monday morning. (For non-subscribers, there is sometimes a lag.) The defense free agency show...
Andy and I are desperate for human contact, so come be social with us on media. Say hi, offer up some criticism, or send a question that we'll try to answer on the show. The mailbag will be on Mondays throughout the offseason, and as always we'll answer as many questions as humanly possible:
Andy Benoit on Twitter and Facebook
Gary Gramling on Twitter and Facebook
Thanks for listening, you are the best, and please leave a review on iTunes if you like the show!
This week's show:
• Safeties: Why Eric Berry means more to the Chiefs than anyone else, why Tony Jefferson is gonna get paid, and why the Packers can't really afford to lose Micah Hyde — 1:58
• Edge Players: Jason Pierre-Paul is back, Melvin Ingram is really good, what do the Packers do about Nick Perry, a whole lot of old men (James Harrison, DeMarcus Ware, Lorenzo Alexander) — 15:26
• Defensive linemen: Calais Campbell deserves to get paid a lot, Kawann Short too, the underrated William Gholston, the overrated Dontari Poe and the value of an elite run stuffer: Brandon Williams — 23:51
• Cornerbacks: The rise of A.J. Bouye, the Rams and Trumaine Johnson, the risk/reward that is Stephon Gilmore, Logan Ryan and the tendency to overpay Super Bowl champs, and why Dre Kirkpatrick could be the man — 36:02
• Linebackers: Dont'a Hightower, Lawrence Timmons' future, does Oakland keep Perry Riley and/or Malcolm Smith, Manti Te'o's stock coming off an achilles, don't go nuts with Zach Brown — 47:32
• Andy counters with some country music knowledge — 51:26
• The Branden Albert-Julius Thomas swap: Why Miami let Albert go, and why the coveted a Thomas/Adam Gase reunion — 55:46
• Mailbag: No buzz for Nick Foles? A question about John Jerry that may or may not have come from John Jerry — 1:00:40
Downtown Buffalo's pedestrian mall earned its reputation as a design and planning blunder shortly after its debut in the 1980s. Locals still blame the renewal project for Main Street's shocking lack of busy storefronts and street life. In earshot of the jackhammers ripping it out today, a visual elegy of sorts is taking place.
While construction workers transform blocks of Main Street into a more holistic corridor that accommodates cars, bicycles, and the light rail system the pedestrian mall was built for, artist Max Collins is exploring the city's old and new visions for itself in an exhibit called "Deconstructing Main Street," just a block away at the Western New York Book Arts Center.
Collins's project started as a relatively simple photographic chronicle of the changes he was witnessing on daily walks by the construction site. After consulting with a planner at City Hall, he added a new layer: the unrealized ambitions for what turned into a forgettable urban renewal project.
What's new in 2018?
/pstdremora
Dremora Plunder Skulls
/pstdremora
/pstdremora tri
/pstdremora
Old Information (pre-2018)
What is the Plunder Skull Timer and what does it do?
How do I use this addon?
/pstautohide
How long is the cooldown on Plunder Skulls?
It appears that the 3-minute cooldown on regular Plunder Skulls has been removed for the 2018 festival for most sources of regular Plunder Skulls. For the most part, the on-screen timer can be ignored.The 2018 festival also introduces the new Dremora Plunder Skulls, which appear to be on a 20-hour cooldown from the previous skullthat was looted. Thecommand was added to support this.Typing thecommand into chat will print to your chatbox a log of the Dremora Plunder Skulls that you have looted and when each was looted, to help with managing the eligibility cooldowns on these skulls.You can also include an optional filter term; e.g., if you type, it will show only the skulls whose names contain "tri" (i.e., the Trial skulls); typingwithout a filter term will show the full unfiltered log.Alternatively, there is another addon that can track Dremora Plunder Skulls in a manner that's more user-friendly than a log dump: Event Tickets This simple addon displays the amount of time that has elapsed since the last time you looted a Plunder Skull.Since the Plunder Skulls from the Witches Festival appear have an internal drop cooldown, it's useful to see how long it's been since your last loot.Just install the addon! The timer will automatically appear when you loot a Plunder Skull, and the timer will automatically reset when you loot another Plunder Skull. If you haven't looted a Plunder Skull in a long time (over 15 minutes), the timer will automatically stop and hide itself.Once the timer appears, you can reposition it by using your mouse to drag it around.You can manually hide the timer by double-clicking on it.You can disable the auto-hide feature (so that the timer will run indefinitely) by typing thecommand into chat.Based on my testing, the cooldown is exactly 3 minutes for bosses in group dungeons. I think it's safe to assume that the same cooldown applies to other instanced content, such as trials and arenas. It's been reported that public dungeon bosses also share the same 3-minute cooldown. Reports on the forums suggest that the cooldown is higher for overland and delve bosses, but I have not tested this to confirm nor do I know what their cooldowns are.
No fancy charts, just a little monkeying around with B/R this weekend.
Went through each draft from 1997 to 2008, looked to the 17th/18th round through 500 odd players.
Its been done before obviously, but here's some summary info.
Made a pretty simple baseline: 10 WAR to get noted as a useful player, 20 WAR to be very good, 30 WAR and above to be elite. This is by no means perfect, but its an easy sorting tool.
1997: 3 elite talents, 7 very good, 6 useful. 16 players out of 500 plus drafted. 8 of these players came from the 1st round.
The 1997 Elite: 6/185 Tim Hudson A's 57.9 WAR 4Y RHP; 1/16 Lance Berkman Astros 51.8 WAR 4YR 1B; 1/3 Troy Glaus Angels 37.9 WAR 4 YR 3B
1998: 3 elite talents, 5 very good, 14 useful. 22 players out of 500 plus drafted. 12 of these players came from the 1st round.
The 1998 Elite: 1/20 CC Sabathia Indians 55.2 WAR HS RHP; 1/5 JD Drew Cards 44.9 WAR 4Y OF; 7/210 Matt Holliday Rocks 40.7 WAR HS 3B
1999: 1 HOF talent, 6 elite talents, 9 very good, 11 useful. 27 players out of 500 plus drafted. 8 of these players came from the 1st round.
The 1999 Elite: 13/402 Albert Pujols Cards 94.3 WAR JC 3B (HOF); 15/472 Jake Peavy Padres 38.4 WAR HS RHP; 2/52 Carl Crawford Rays 37.1 WAR HS OF; 1/2 Josh Beckett Marlins 34.0 WAR HS RHP; 9/271 Mark Ellis Royals 33.4 WAR 4Y SS ; 1/9 Barry Zito A's 33.0 WAR 4Y LHP; 6/194 Shane Victorino Dodgers 30.3 WAR HS OF
2000: 5 elite talents, 6 very good, 9 useful. 20 players out of 500 plus drafted. 5 of these players came from the 1st round.
The 2000 Elite: 1/15 Chase Utley Phils 59.2 WAR 4Y 2B; 4/105 Cliff Lee Expos 44.2 WAR 4Y LHP ; 1/1 Adrian Gonzalez Marlins 35.6 WAR HS 1B; 8/249 Brandon Webb D-backs 31.4 WAR 4Y RHP; 1/29 Adam Wainwright Braves 31.3 WAR HS RHP
Note: Yadier Molina and James Shields should join that arbitrary endpoint soon.
2001: 5 elite talents, 2 very good, 12 useful. 19 out of 500 plus drafted. 6 of these players came from the 1st round.
The 2001 Elite: 1/5 Mark Teixera Rangers 48.3 WAR 4Y 3B; 1S/38 David Wright Mets 47.0 WAR HS 3B; 1/1 Joe Mauer Twins 44.7 WAR HS C; 2/72 Dan Haren Cards 33.8 WAR 4Y RHP; 8/243 Kevin Youkalis Red Sox 32.7 WAR 4Y 3B
2002: (MONEYBALL!): 5 elite talents, 8 very good, 7 useful. 20 out of 500 plus drafted. 12 of these players came in the 1st round.
The 2002 Elite: 1/6 Zach Greinke Royals 38.3 WAR HS RHP, 3/80 Curtis Granderson Tigers 35.4 WAR 4Y OF; 1/17 Cole Hamels Phils 34.8 WAR HS LHP; 2/44 Joey Votto Reds 34.7 WAR HS C; 1/25 Matt Cain Giants 32.5 WAR HS RHP
Note: John Lester close to joining this group.
2003: 1 elite talent, 8 very good, 9 useful. 18 out of 500 plus drafted. 9 of these players came in the first round.
The 2003 Elite: 17/496 Ian Kinsler Rangers 35.4 WAR 4Y SS
2004: 4 elite talents, 1 very good, 10 useful. 15 out of 500 plus drafted. 7 of these players came in the 1st round. Of note from here on out: more players will flood in most likely as their careers progress.
The 2004 Elite: 1/2 Justin Verlander Tigers 41.5 WAR 4Y RHP; 2/65 Dustin Pedroia Red Sox 39.4 WAR 4Y SS; 1/12 Jered Weaver Angels 33.6 WAR 4Y RHP; 6/184 Ben Zobrist Astros 32.7 WAR 4Y 2B
2005: 4 elite talents, 7 very good, 7 useful. 18 out of 500 plus drafted. 12 of these players came in the 1st round.
The 2005 Elite: 1/5 Ryan Braun Brewers 35.7 WAR 4Y 3B; 1/7 Troy Tulowitzki Rockies 35.5 WAR 4Y SS; 1/4 Ryan Zimmerman Nats 34.2 WAR 4Y 3B; 1/11 Andrew McCutchen Pirates 28.5 WAR HS OF
Note: I rounded up on Cutch because he's almost there and he's frickin' awesome.
2006: 2 elite talents, 2 very good, 8 useful. 12 out of 500 plus drafted. 5 of these players came in the 1st round.
The 2006 Elite: 1/3 Evan Longoria Rays 37.3 WAR 4Y 3B; 1/7 Clayton Kershaw Dodgers 33.4 WAR HS LHP
Note: partial list of players coming: John Jay, Alex Cobb, Chris Davis, Mike Leake, Alan Craig, David Freese, Craig Gentry, Daniel Murphy, Josh Reddick. The very good players are Tim Lincecum and Max Scherzer
2007: not enough time in the show yet. There are 9 players who are around 10 WAR and above.
Modified 2007 elite: 1/14 Jayson Heyward Braves 19.7 WAR HS OF; 1/1 David Price Rays 18.7 WAR 4Y LHP; 2/76 Giancarlo Stanton Marlins 16.3 WAR HS 1B
2008: not enough time in the show yet. There are 4 players who are around 10 WAR and above.
Modified 2008 elite: 1/5 Buster Posey Giants 19.0 WAR 4Y C
2009 and on: Paul Goldschmidt, Jason Kipnis, some guy named Trout, Steven Strasberg, Mike Leake, Kyle Seager, Chris Sale, Bryce Harper, Manny Machado, Matt Harvey, Andrelton Simmons. And a few more.
Conclusion: there will be more players from later drafts, but its a pretty consistent trend of around 20 players being notable (above 10 WAR in the show) for each draft, with some being a little less and some being a little more. I was surprised by how many names came from outside the top 5 picks. In a 11 year period there are about 40 or so MLB'ers with elite labels from the draft. 4 a year? Wowza!
This is bananas! Motorists traveling on River Road in Zilwaukee, Michigan earlier this week were witness to a little monkeying around when an electronic message board, used to warn drivers about delays and closings, was hacked by an unknowing prankster, displaying the message: “I-75 close ahead due to loose gorilla.”
According to the Michigan Department of Transportation, the bogus message was not caught by MDOT officials until the following morning, and admittedly, they have no idea how someone managed to hack the sign.
As of now, no criminal complaint has been filed, but an MDOT spokesperson says that they are looking into the incident and doing what they can to ensure something like this doesn't happen again.
Incidentally, it appears as if the culprit in this little highway prank has gotten away with it. MDOT officials say that's because in the world of electronic hacking it's a veritable jungle out there.
Bringing fresh attention to its blockade of the Gaza Strip, Israel on Tuesday turned back a boat attempting to deliver three tons of medical supplies to Gazans.
After a radio message asking the small ferry to turn back was ignored, the Israeli Navy boarded the boat and redirected the vessel to the Israeli port of Ashdod. Reuters quoted a police source as saying that the activists aboard, members of the US-based Free Gaza movement, would "likely be deported."
"Yesterday evening the Israeli Navy contacted the boat while at sea clarifying that it would not be permitted to enter Gaza coastal waters because of security risks in the area, and the existing naval blockade," the Israeli military said in a statement, adding that humanitarian aid would be sent to Gaza "subject to authorization."
The naval blockade – part of a wider Israeli effort to seal off the tiny coastal strip controlled by the Islamist militant group Hamas – not only prevents such shipments, it is also devastating a key Gazan industry and source of food: fishing.
Citing security concerns and fears of arms smuggling, Israel has progressively tightened the blockade over the past 15 years. Once a thriving enterprise, Gaza's fishing industry is now on the verge of collapse. Fishermen are cut off from the heavily populated shoals, and have seen total revenue drop by half in less than a decade.
"We are witnessing a huge crisis where the livelihoods of thousands of fishermen, associated laborers, and their dependents have been decimated by Israel's blockade and closure," says Erminio Sacco of the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO).
Following the Oslo peace accords, signed in 1994 between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (PA), Israel permitted the fishermen to go 20 nautical miles (NM) out to sea.
This was restricted to 12 NM in 2002, after the outbreak of the second Palestinian intifada in 2000.
This area was further limited to the current 3 NM when the Islamic movement Hamas wrested control of Gaza after an intense fight with its rival Fatah led to a collapse of a unity government headed by Western-backed Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas.
Those fishermen who go further out risk being arrested, shot, and killed, or having their boats destroyed or confiscated. However, human rights organizations have reported that fishermen have been attacked even within the 3-NM zone.
Click here to read about fisherman Mohammed Hassuna, who says he and his crew were recently surrounded by Israeli Navy boats, shot at, forced to strip, and swim in frigid water to the Navy gunboat, where they were handcuffed, blindfolded, and their feet chained.
Catch dropped by two-thirds since 2007
According to the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), Israel's restrictions undermined the sardine season, which started in March and peaked in mid-April.
The bulk of sardines are located beyond six NM, with the UN estimating that a distance of 12-15 NM off Gaza is the minimum required to access the larger shoals of fish for maximum economic benefit. Shoals closer to shore have been depleted and unable to replenish themselves.
"During March 2007, 248 metric tons of fish were caught. In March 2008 this figure dropped to 121 tons and in March this year, the catch was only 89 tons," says Mr. Sacco.
A total annual catch of 2,700 tons was caught in 2008, down from nearly 4,000 tons in 1999, according to Gaza's General Syndicate of Marine Fishers.
OCHA states that at the end of the 1990s, Gaza's fishing industry was worth about $10 million annually. This represented approximately 4 percent of the Palestinian economy.
Nezar Ayyash, from Gaza's fishing syndicate, which has 3,500 registered fishermen, says this figure was halved between 2001 and 2006.
"It has become too expensive for many fishermen to take the bigger boats out to sea, so only some smaller boats venture out," says Sacco.
The cost of one fishing trip can vary between $125 and $625, depending on the size of the vessel, nets, and crew; many fishermen cannot cover these costs.
Fishing employed 45,000 Gazans
About 45,000 Gazans once worked in fishing and its associated industries, including repairs, onshore support, or as merchants.
With Gazans having an average family size of seven, the fishing industry used to help support many times more of Gaza's 1.4 million residents. It also supplemented a diet critically short of animal protein.
Gaza faces chronic unemployment, poverty, and malnutrition in part as a result of Israel's blockade, which now allows only food and medicine – but not as much as aid workers say is necessary to sustain the population. Everything from pasta to catheters have been turned back, frustrating aid workers who have been unable to obtain a list of permitted items. A ban on steel and cement, which Israel says can be used to fortify tunnels along the Gaza border that are used for smuggling, has prevented many Gazans from rebuilding after the war, with some resorting to mud bricks for their homes.
Over the past two years, a national conversation has developed around bullying. A critical aspect of this conversation is the growing perception of bullying as a real and dangerous threat, as opposed to a normal phase of youth development. At the White House Conference on Bullying Prevention last March, President Obama expressly rejected the idea of bullying as "just a harmless rite of passage or an inevitable part of growing up." While the president should be saluted for his general leadership and this specific observation, another aspect of the conference gave me pause, namely the president's attempt to universalize bully-victimhood, as if each young person is equally vulnerable in this regard. Using his famed charisma, Obama reassured the audience that even he had been teased as a child for his big ears. This moment encapsulates a danger that the conference and the broader conversation on bullying both face: losing sight of the rash of teen suicides, mostly by males who identified as or were perceived to be gay, that originally catapulted the issue of bullying into the national spotlight.
A similar universalization took place last October, at a CNN-sponsored special at Rutgers University entitled "Bullying: It Stops Here." In his opening remarks, Anderson Cooper acknowledged the recent suicide of gay 14-year-old Jamey Rodemeyer, almost a year to the day after the death of Rutgers student Tyler Clementi, who was also gay. Following these remarks, gay teen suicide was never addressed as a distinct or revealing symptom of the problem of bullying, and the program instead focused on bullying as a broad concept, including a Dr. Phil segment on how bullies are victims, too. One illuminating exchange between Cooper and a black high school student offered a chance to reinscribe the particular within the universal: the student explained that his teachers would be more likely to protect him if someone called him "the n-word" than if the same person called him "faggot" or any other anti-gay term. This was not expanded upon.
People can easily agree that bullying for any reason (e.g., race or ethnicity, physical or mental disability, real or perceived sexual orientation) is harmful and wrong. But in the well-intentioned effort to address bullying as a broad concept, specific insights may be lost that can help us understand commonalities behind many forms of bullying and the connection between bullying behavior and our broader culture. The double-digit string of gay teen suicides that launched this national conversation indicate that certain youths are more vulnerable than others to bullying -- or, in other words, there is a real hierarchy to bullying that remains a large, tense, pink elephant in the room. Refocusing for a moment upon these suicides helps to reveal the deeply ingrained ways in which our cultural expectations of what boys and girls are -- and how they should act -- informs every aspect of the bullying problem.
Our culture is ruled by the gender binary, a system to which we all contribute in order to delineate between female and male. While open to contestation, this system frequently preserves a sense of masculinity/power for men, and prescribes one of femininity/submission for women, ultimately securing male dominance. The effects of such a system can be felt beyond the literal image of what a man or woman is; more generally, in a misogynistic culture, every identifiable difference between people is filtered through a misogynistic lens. Indeed, every characteristic for which youth tend to be bullied has been studied in terms of its being "feminized." A quick Google search reveals studies on the "Feminizing of African Americans," the "Feminizing of Asians," of Southeast Asians, of Native Americans, the mentally ill, the mentally retarded, the overweight, and so on. Given these realities, it also holds that a particular group -- or perceived member of a group -- will be more vulnerable to bullying and abuse to the degree that such a group is not supposed to be feminine. This may help to explain why effeminate or gender-nonconforming male youth (i.e., those who are perceived to be gay) are in such regular and tremendous jeopardy, symbolizing as they do a loss of male power and privilege. We may also expect that other targets of bullying singled out for entirely different characteristics may be referred to by terms reserved for effeminate or perceived gay males, because such males are at the very bottom of the cultural barrel.
Lee Hirsch's just-released documentary Bully is an evocative depiction of how the gender binary impacts acts of aggression. The subjects -- several kids facing repeated bullying in school, as well as the families of two boys who committed suicide -- are all seen through a misogynistic lens. The boys are constantly called "bitch" and "pussy," while school administrators try to explain away the harassment, noting that "boys will be boys" and encouraging the youths (at least the boys) to resolve their "differences" with a "manly" handshake. Similarly, though none of the subjects are out, self-identified gay males, the word "faggot" is uttered throughout the film more than any other derogatory term, and in one scene a 12-year-old boy named Alex is threatened on the bus by a peer who says, "I'll shove a broomstick up your ass." According to The Los Angeles Times, this explicitly homophobic scene was the lynchpin in the ratings controversy surrounding the film and was almost cut in order to change the MPAA rating from R to PG-13 -- still another example of the "gay" aspect of this epidemic at risk of being minimized or erased. The two female subjects are featured less in the documentary, and though we do not learn much about them, it is made clear that one of them has deviated from gender and sexual norms, having come out at her school as a lesbian.
The insidiousness of the misogynistic lens even affects how the parents of the children in the film view them. When Alex tells his father how his peers have been treating him, his father's knee-jerk reaction is to suggest that Alex has failed to protect himself and thereby failed to protect his sister, who will be attending middle school the following year. The reaction is clearly borne of love, fear, confusion, and desperation, but it shows just how deeply embedded the gender binary is in our minds, and how we perpetuate it (and its damaging effects) even with the best of intentions. Alex's father unwittingly establishes role expectations for Alex and his sister -- male vs. female, hero vs. victim -- thereby failing to empathize with or validate Alex's experience of victimhood, and instead exacerbating his feeling that he is less than normal.
We may be blind to the misogynistic gender binary in our own country by proximity. Perhaps it is easier to recognize it, and the brutality it inspires, by looking across the globe to the gruesome murders of "emo" youth in Iraq. "Emo," short for "emotional," is an identity adopted from the West, in which tight clothes, piercings, and spiked hair are flaunted as chosen emblems of vulnerability. Since last year over a hundred emo youth, mostly females and gay males, have been stoned to death in Iraq, and the killing hasn't stopped. Scott Long of The Guardian reports, "It's all about boys showing vulnerability in unmanly ways, girls flashing an unfeminine and edgy attitude," and it's causing a "moral panic" in Iraq. The idea of teenagers being massacred for presenting vulnerability and conveying gender-nonconforming expression sounds horrific, but how truly different is it from the bullying currently taking place in our own American communities?
The gender binary and its relationship to bullying may be an elusive and challenging concept for many, because it requires us to self-reflect, examine our own expectations, and perhaps even change some of them. No one wants to feel he or she is part of the problem. But we are, all of us. An awareness of the systems through which we live and perceive the world, and which we maintain everyday, is essential for healing and change to take place.
Welcome to the weekly roundup of the best new Android applications, games, and live wallpapers that went live in the Market or were spotted by us in the previous 2 weeks or so.
This edition focuses only on new tablet apps or ones that added Honeycomb support. Regular apps and games are coming soon.
Dolphin Pad for Honeycomb tablets
Android Police coverage:
The makers of the popular Dolphin, Dolphin HD (which happens to be my personal favorite), and Dolphin Mini browsers released a tablet-optimized browser earlier this week, called Dolphin for Pad. Yeah, not the best name ever, considering Android tablets aren't called pads (except maybe the Eee Pad Transformer) and affinity to female products is not ideal... but anyway...
The tablet version is optimized better for large screen devices, but still doesn't use the Honeycomb-style Action Bar that properly optimized apps should be migrating to. Hopefully the next release will rectify this.
For an added bonus, check out the hidden cube animation for switching between tabs in the video below.
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
SketchBook Pro for Honeycomb tablets by Autodesk
Android Police coverage: Autodesk Brings SketchBook Pro To Honeycomb, Artistic Abilities Not Included
$5 buys you a professional-grade paint and drawing application from Autodesk, optimized for Android and with nothing but rave reviews so far. Any designers out there?
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
TexTab for tablets
Great new app (5-star reviews all around) for texting using your tablet. Sounds handy for heavy SMS users.
--
TexTab: send and receive SMS messages on your tablet!
Notes:
- Install the app on both your phone and tablet!
- If you have trouble connecting, turn bluetooth off and on on both devices. If that doesn't work, restart both devices.
- If you don't receive incoming messages on the tablet, and you are running Go SMS, make sure to uncheck "disable other message notification" in the Go SMS settings.
TexTab is an SMS app for Android phones and tablets. It allows you to send and receive SMS messages on your tablet, as if you were sending them from your phone. Once a connection is established between your phone and tablet using bluetooth, you can send messages using TexTab, and received messages will show up on the tablet.
Features:
- Honeycomb optimized, though not required
- Contact information is pulled from your synced Google contacts
- Widget to enable/disable TexTab. Widget also displays connection information
- Notifications for received messages on tablet
Please note the Lite version, which has a limited number of sent messages. Try that first if you'd like to make sure everything works for you before buying!
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
SkyGrid for Tablets
I'm not sure SkyGrid can beat other news apps like News 360, but it can sure try.
--
The #1 Rated News App for iPad is now available for Android Tablets! SkyGrid is the most powerful & only app for you to stay up to date on your interests. Follow your own topics and get updates on the exact interests you care about!
Key Features
✪ Stay up to date on any interest you want to follow – sports teams, celebs, politics, news, your company, anything – with a single tap!
✪ Custom designed for Android Tablets
✪ Get notifications on only the exact interests you follow
✪ See the fastest spreading information online with ‘What's Hot'
✪ Share what you're reading and following with Facebook, Twitter, and Email
✪ Incredible technology. SkyGrid streams information from all over the Web (mainstream news, social sites, blogs etc) from over 1 million sources. SkyGrid's patented algorithm “Information Velocity” determines and updates you in real-time of the fastest spreading information online
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
Mizuu Movies Lite for Honeycomb
Mizuu is a movie management app for your tablet. I can't say I would personally care enough to use it, mostly because IMDB now has a very nice tablet UI which includes logging in and rating movies, but movie lovers out might appreciate the focus on being a movie collector and organizer with Mizuu. An added bonus - a series of handy widgets, which you can see on the 3rd screenshot below.
--
Managing your movies has never been easier. Mizuu Movies keeps track of all your favourite movies on your Android Honeycomb tablet (similar to Boxee or XBMC on the PC). Movies are automatically recognized and identified using IMDb with title, plot, cover art and more.
All the movie information is kept in a local database on your tablet. This is perfect for travelling because you don't need access to the Internet. You can your entire movie collection with you everywhere.
It's simply entertainment at your fingertips. The easy-to-use and immersive graphical interface will let you browse, select and play your movies. Mizuu Movies is developed exclusively for tablets.
FUNCTIONALITY
• Favourites
• Manual overrides
• Search
• Sharing
• Support for movie.nfo/movie.jpg
• Trailers
• Themes (not supported in Lite version)
• User settings
SUPPORTED FILE FORMATS*
• .3gp, .aaf, .avi, .divx, .f4v, .flv, .m4v, .mkv, .moi, .mov, .mp4, .mpeg, .mpg, .mts, .ogv, .rm, .rmvb, .ts, .webm, .wmv, .xvid
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
Flickr for Tablet
Flickr for Tablet is... well, you guessed it - a Flickr browser and manager optimized for Honeycomb. Note: It's not an official app from Yahoo (god forbid they release an app for one of their most popular sites in a timely fashion).
--
See and manage your pictures on Tablet (3.0). This is an early version. Recommendations and bugs please to listed e-mail address.
Features:
- auto upload pictures taken with tablet
- see public interesting pictures
- see own photos (tags, galleries, collections, sets)
-- tag own photos
-- delete own photos
The app was not found in the store. :-( Go to store Google websearch
Engadget (now with Honeycomb support)
If you follow Engadget using their [most excellent] Android app, you'll find the updated version even better, as it introduces Honeycomb support. Check it out:
Know A Worthy New App? Let Us Know!
If you have an application in mind for the next issue of the roundup, feel free to send us an email and let us know.
Important: there are 2 requirements in order for the app to be considered, listed below.
the app's launch date has to be no longer than 2 weeks ago
it has to be original, ground-breaking, well-reviewed, interesting, fun, etc - the cream of the crop
Now, if and only if the above requirements have been satisfied, fire up an email to this address: [email protected].
1 sponsored placement per week is available (your app would be featured at the top and marked as sponsored) - please contact us for details.
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Deon Frasier, 17, and Michael Dupree-Tyler, 19
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Deon Frasier, 17, and Michael Dupree-Tyler, 19
NORTH CHARLESTON, SC (WCMH) - Two teens are accused of shooting and killing a man who helped them pull their SUV out of a ditch in North Charleston, South Carolina.
The North Charleston Police Department arrested both suspects shortly after the crime Monday night, NBC affiliate WCBD-TV reports.
Authorities responded to the scene just after 11:00pm where they found Chadwick Garrett, 45, suffering from a gunshot wound in the roadway. The victim died on scene about 15 minutes later.
Police say Garrett had pulled over to help two men pull their Dodge Durango out of a ditch. After he got the car out of the ditch, the suspects then robbed and shot him.
Officers were able to locate Deon Frasier, 17 and Michael Dupree-Tyler, 19 at a nearby apartment complex. They were taken into custody and then charged.
Frasier is charged with murder and possession of a weapon during the commission of a violent crime, Dupree-Tyler faces murder charges.
Both suspects are expected to appear in a bond hearing Tuesday.
The North Charleston Police Department is still investigating.
In a further sign of splits within Europe lawmakers in the European Parliament have rejected a draft EU law that would have enabled any EU member state to restrict or prohibit the sale and use of EU-approved genetically modified food on its territory.
Lawmakers said they were concerned that the law might prove unworkable in that Europe is split over Genetically Modified Organisms (GMOs) — branded Frankenstein Foods by anti-GMO campaigners — with some countries allowing them and others not. This would lead to border controls having to be imposed — in breach of the Schengen agreement on open borders and the fundamental principle of the freedom of movement of people and goods.
However, the issue shows how divided Europe is over the sale and use of — as well as the cultivation — of GMOs. The lawmakers were voting on the sale and use of GMOs. Some countries allow them to be grown, others not.
EU Parliament rejects flawed #GMO food/feed opt-outs proposal. Big majority Commission must go back to drawing board pic.twitter.com/0cvU0nADjG — Greens in the EP (@GreensEP) October 28, 2015
In 2010, the European Commission proposed that approvals could be speeded up if countries were allowed to make national decisions on whether to grow them or not (the "opt out" proposal). This has led to fifteen of the 28 EU member states seeking to keep GMOs out of all or part of their territory. These included Austria, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands and Poland.
Another reason for us to leave the EU ASAP. EU lawmakers block opt-out from GMO rules. https://t.co/YwZ0ZveatK — Truth.re (@TruthSite) October 29, 2015
Bizarrely, Britain is seeking a ban for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, leaving only England to willingly allow GM crop cultivation. And Belgium has opted to keep the French-speaking Wallonia region GMO-free.
Commission Back to the Drawing Board
© AP Photo / Martin Meissner Tale of Corporate Domination: TTIP Brings GMO-Filled, Chemically-Altered Food to EU
As of September 2014, the EU had authorized 49 GMO crops, including 28 types of maizes, three GM oilseed rapes, seven GM soybeans and one GM sugar beet. However, their use is varied across Europe with some countries refusing to allow GM crops to be planted, for fear of cross-fertilization with non-GM crops.
GM crops and food can enter Europe as food, animal feed, or biofuels. GM food and feed must be approved by EU regulators and must be labeled, but meat and dairy products produced from animals fed on GM feed are not required to be labeled.
The proposal, which would amend existing EU legislation to enable member states to restrict or prohibit the use of EU-approved genetically modified food and feed on their territory, was tabled by the EU Commission.
However, the parliamentarians have now rejected that proposal being enacted. Rapporteur Giovanni La Via said:
"I believe that this proposal could have negative consequences for agriculture in the EU, which is heavily dependent on protein supplies from GMO sources. It could also have indirect negative effects on imports. Finally, there are concerns over whether this proposal could even be implemented, because there are no border controls in the EU."
European Commissioner for Health and Food safety Vytenis Andriukaitis has said that the European Commission will not withdraw the legislative proposal, which will be discussed by EU ministers.
The Latest: Top stories of the day
1. Art of Living: The National Green Tribunal cleared the fest after a minor fine of Rs 5 crore. Half of that amount – Rs 2.25 crore – was also given as a grant to Ravishankar's foundation by the Union government.
2. The Lok Sabha passed a bill to amend the Enemy Property Act in order to make in near-impossible for heirs of Pakistani and Chinese citizens to inherit property in India.
3. The Rajya Sabha passes an amendment to the motion of thanks as the Opposition stands up to be counted.
4. New complaint filed against Kanhaiya Kumar after he links AFSPA to sexual assaults.
5. Malayali newspaper Mathrubhumi apologises after massive protests over an alleged insult to Prophet Muhammad.
6. Kodaikanal mercury poisoning: Hindustan Unilever and ex-staff have signed a settlement to provide an “undisclosed” ex-gratia amount to the victims consisting of future health care benefits.
The Big Story: glaring double standards
In January, 2015, the Modi government took up its fight against environmental NGO Greenpeace by a notch. On January 11, Greenpeace activist Priya Pillai was stopped at the Delhi airport by the authorities. Pillai was headed to London to campaign for the forest rights of adivasis in the Mahan coal block area of Madhya Pradesh. Greenpeace had been mobilising residents there against a mining project that would have had a detrimental effect on their lives.
Fighting for the rights of adivasis and the environment might seem like a good thing to do. To most people, this was a campaign to uphold the national interest. States and governments, though, often have different ideas. The Modi government said it stopped Pillai because it did not want to create a “negative image” of India. So crude was the government's rationale that the Supreme Court would later direct the authorities to remove Pillai's name from the “no travel” database and allow her to travel abroad.
If this is how the government treated an activist working for adivasi and environmental rights, how would it treat a person who has through various means defrauded the country of billions of rupees? Vijay Mallya owes India's banks Rs 7,000 crore. Much of it is owed to state sector banks, paid for by the poorest of Indians with their taxes.
As it turns out, Mallya's offence was much more minor in the eyes of the Union government. He was allowed to fly out without much hassle last week, putting in serious peril the attempts to recover his debts.
There was even a Central Bureau of Investigation look out-notice against Mallya but as it so happened, the system didn't work as well as it did with Pillai. A day after he had left, the government is silent as to how an error of this magnitude could have occurred.
There have been many warning signs about India's failing governance and arbitrary application of law. But when an activist for adivasi rights is prosecuted by the government with greater vigour than a man who owes the country billions, something is seriously wrong.
The Big Scroll
Here's all you wanted to know about why Vijay Mallya made his great escape from India last week. And four charts show how the bad loan problem of Indian banks is much bigger than even Vijay Mallya.
Politicking and policying
1. A Delhi court has summoned Arvind Kejriwal and five others in Arun Jaitley's defamation case.
2. The Trinamool Congress broke opposition ranks to not participate in the voting on an amendment to the motion of thanks to the President's address.
3. Why should only the prime minister's picture be allowed in advertisements, Union government, asks the Supreme Court.
4. Autos driven by non-Marathis “will be set on fire,” says Raj Thackeray.
Punditry
1. In the Business Standard, VS Krishan lays out an argument in favour of the Goods and Services Tax.
2. The cycle of communal hatred and violence can be stopped only by ending first the false equivalence between minority and majority communalism, says Nissim Mannathukkaren in the Hindu.
3. In the Indian Express, Shivani Naik explains how, as always, Maria Sharapova polarises tennis opinion.
Don't Miss
Six weeks after Rohith Vemula's death, Hyderabad University students maintain a precarious unity, writes Aarefa Johari.
External Graphics is nice but I know at least with PPSSPP Rhythm games just don't feel right, is a delay that almost makes them unplayable, I tried Taiko DX quickly and just felt off, I've no clue if Dolphin fairs any better, I think it does? I recall trying it quickly but spent more time messing with Taiko DX.I'm rebuilding the DLC CIA file each time I edit a DLC Song Name, I don't think LayeredFS supports DLC, pretty sure I tried it with the previous Taiko game.Now back to the Wii... I had a quick look at Taiko 5 (Chou Gouka Han) and it seems files found in the 'texture' folder are using the same LZ Compression the 3DS games have been using, the texture files in the 'texture' folder are .ctpl which is just a .tpl file renamed, they can be decoded into .png using wimgt (Wiimms Image Tool) the tool can encode back .tpl I believe but not tried it.Next up in the 'lm' folder we have various .clma files which are LZ Compressed, U8 Encoded .szs files we can extract these using wszst (Wiimms SZS Tool) same tool set as wimgt, in these .clma seem to be a .lm which I've no idea about but more importantly more .tlp files, these .tlp files seem to be more UI Related as I found the Main Menu stuff here where as the 'texture' folder seemed to hold mostly the song names, again this tool should be able to encode back to .clma after modifications.Thought I'd get this information down some where since the Wii game was mentioned here, any previous thread I found on the Wii Files seemed unknown, I don't know if the tools to edit these files just weren't around at the time or there was just a lack of interest.I might take a crack at the Main Menu based on the translated 3DS one just to see if getting a modified file into an .ISO is possible, hopefully that all made some sort of sense, wanted to make sure I got the info down for anyone curious.Awesome, I saw the Reddit posttook awhile to scan all 58 but my Don is now rocking a Halloween costume.Ooo English Text, looks nice! you mention the text working better in this game then the previous and you mentioned in another post that maybe the 'nnfont_RectDrawerShader.shbin' held that info, any chance its a simple copy from Taiko 3 to Taiko 2?What exactly is broken with Multiplayer? Does the game do online? is it local only? is there download play?Edit:Ok... Gave Multiplayer a quick test and guess it just refuse to create a lobby.Messed with the Wii some moreEven though that is running on Dolphin I injected the changed files into the ISO with WiiScrubber so don't see any reason it wouldn't work on the console itself.Ended up using a tool called BrawlBox to edit the .tlp files since it has a GUI its just easier to replace the textures with then wimgt.So in short... seems possible to at least make a menu translation for the Wii titles! unfortunately I can't translate at all
In an essay for the Huffington Post last week, writer/activist Yves Engler had the temerity to suggest that “anti-Semitism may be the most abused term in Canada today.”
Engler opens by attempting to explain away pro-Hamas demonstrations at l'Université du Québec à Montréal and anti-Semitism at Concordia University, as well as York University's mural controversy and its student government's divestment campaign. This is, by the way, the same Yves Engler who was dismissed from his role as vice-president of the Concordia student union for his part in the infamous 2002 riot that forced the cancellation of a speech by Benjamin Netanyahu. In what could be a nod to his university days, Engler contends that the term anti-Semitism “is now primarily invoked to uphold Jewish/white privilege.”
Then he really goes off the rails.
“Despite widespread discussion of ‘anti-Semitism,' there is little discussion of Canadian Jewry's actual place in Canadian society,” he continues. “Among elite business, political and professional circles Jewish representation far surpasses their slim 1.3 per cent of the Canadian population. Studies demonstrate that Canadian Jews are more likely than the general population to hold a bachelor's degree, earn above $75,000, or be part of the billionaire class.” Is the implication that anti-Semitism must not be a problem since Canadian Jews are rich? If so, he might be interested to learn that poverty is on the rise in the Canadian Jewish community.
Engler also notes “while Canadian Jews faced discriminatory property, university and immigration restrictions into the 1950s, even the history of structural anti-Jewish prejudice should be put into proper context. Blacks, Japanese and other people of colour (not to mention indigenous peoples) have been subjected to far worse structural racism and abuse.”
There's more. “Prejudice against Arabs and Muslims appears rampant in the Jewish community,” he claims, though he cites no statistical evidence to back it up, and the many contributions of the Jewish community toward Syrian refugees contradict his argument. Engler also disapproves of Jewish day schools and Jewish-majority neighbourhoods – “cloistering children by ethnicity/religion,” he calls it. (He even takes The CJN to task for calling Jews the “Chosen People.”)
“Inward looking and affluent,” he adds, “the Jewish community is quick to claim victimhood,” before ending with an ominous warning: “Without an intervention of some sort, the Jewish community risks having future dictionaries defining ‘anti-Semitism' as ‘a movement for justice and equality.'”
Inconveniently for Engler, the facts belie his position. Last month, Toronto Police released a report on hate crimes in the city during 2015, and for the 10th year in a row, Jews topped the list of most targeted communities. Meanwhile, in Montreal, there has been a spate of swastika and neo-Nazi graffiti recently. And in Vancouver, a man was found guilty of promoting Jew-hatred online less than six months ago.
Perhaps Engler might have come to a different conclusion had he accurately researched the Jewish community before publishing his essay. At this point, it's probably too late for that, but it would behoove Engler to take a close look at something else – himself, in a mirror. The facts suggest he has seriously misjudged the state of anti-Semitism in Canada today.
But you can put away your wallet, because someone already bought it all.
Photo: Marko Djurica / Reuters / Landov | Licensed to Alpha Media Group 2012
Ass milk. Doesn't that sound delicious? No? What if it was curdled, pressed into a solid form, and then left out to get really, really old? That doesn't make your mouth water? Well, it doesn't matter, because your unrefined palate will probably never experience the "unique taste" of donkey cheese since some asshole tennis player bought ALL IT.
In what may be the weirdest food/athlete story since George Foreman retired from boxing to convince people to cook meat on an indoor grill, Serbian Wimbledon champ Novak Djokovic bought the world's entire supply of donkey cheese. The Zasavica farm in Serbia is the only place in existence where donkeys are milked for cheese, and Djokovic strolled in one day and bought the whole year's output, at $650/pound.
But lest you think Djokovic is being selfish and hogging the donkey cheese all to himself, he's actually planning to serve it up at a new restaurant that he opened in his motherland. So if you've got a hankering for cheese that comes from a burro's teat, you may be in luck after all. You'll just need to fly to Serbia and eat at Novak Café & Restaurant. Don't forget the Lactaid.
Photo: Tang Shi / Xinhua / Landov | Licensed to Alpha Media Group 2012
How To Make a Thanksgiving Leftover Sandwich
Girls Who Have Their Eye On You
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
When Lance Armstrong celebrated his record-breaking seventh Tour de France title in 2005, he made the following prescient speech: "I'll say to the people who don't believe, the cynics and the sceptics: I'm sorry for you. I'm sorry you don't believe in miracles."
It was vintage Armstrong, at once belittling his critics, burnishing his own legend and scripting another Hollywood-ready line to a story that spoke only of heroism and sporting immortality.
Armstrong report key claims Achievements of USPS/Discovery Channel pro cycling team accomplished through the most sophisticated, professional and successful doping programme that sport has ever seen Armstrong's career at the team was fuelled from start to finish by doping More than a dozen former team-mates, friends and former team employees confirm a fraudulent course of conduct Armstrong acted with the help of a small army of enablers, including doping doctors, drug smugglers and others within and outside the sport and his team He had ultimate control over not only his own personal drug use but over the doping culture of the team Team staff were good at predicting when testers would turn up and seemed to have inside information Evidence is beyond strong and as strong as any case brought by Usada in its existence
That golden narrative, weakened and wobbled over the intervening years by a drip-drip of accusation, evidence and testimony, may now have been washed away forever.
The US Anti-Doping Agency's long-awaited report into the methods used by Armstrong and his team-mates to achieve his sainted status is unequivocal.
The report describes those methods as "the most sophisticated, professionalised and successful doping programme that sport has ever seen", run by a "serial cheat" through "the use, administration and trafficking of performance-enhancing drugs and methods".
Armstrong, a modern-day American icon way beyond the narrow confines of his tainted sport, is accused of not just fixing a race, or a match, or even a season. He has fixed an era. He has duped a nation.
"Say it ain't so, Joe," that young Chicago White Sox fan is supposed to have asked of 'Shoeless' Joe Jackson as the first great American sporting scandal broke almost a century ago.
Is there a chance, Lance? Could Armstrong emerge from this storm still clinging to his halo, with any semblance of his reputation still intact?
His lawyers have declared Usada's report a witch-hunt, a kangaroo court "based largely on axe-grinders, serial perjurers, coerced testimony, sweetheart deals and threat-induced stories".
The 1,000 pages of forensic evidence would suggest otherwise. Armstrong acolytes might scoff at the testimony of self-confessed dopers Tyler Hamilton and Floyd Landis, even if others would not. But those two are joined by nine other former US Postal team-mates, including such loyal lieutenants as George Hincapie, Frankie Andreu and Levi Leipheimer.
Between them they describe, in rich, grotesque detail, both the broad scope and the daily minutiae of an unprecedented doping regime. Alongside them stand thousands of words of scientific evidence, financial records and email exchanges. It is exhaustive, meticulous and damning.
Media playback is not supported on this device Hamilton saw Armstrong take drugs
Another line used by Armstrong advocates is that he was doing nothing that his rivals weren't, that in a muddy playing-field made level by universal doping he was still the best rider, the toughest in training, the worthiest winner.
Usada's report renders this myth untenable. "The USPS Team doping conspiracy," states chief executive Travis Tygart, "was professionally designed to groom and pressure athletes to use dangerous drugs, to evade detection, to ensure its secrecy and ultimately gain an unfair competitive advantage through superior doping practices."
Armstrong, it is made clear, was not a helpless pawn forced by others to cheat to keep up. He was an instigator, a ring-leader and a pioneer.
In Dr Michele Ferrari, he harnessed himself to the dark master of doping science, paying the most to work with the best, less dancing to another's tune than writing and playing it himself. Those who tried to ride clean - "pan y agua", in the sport's parlance - were left with no chance.
Perhaps the most unpalatable paragraphs in the report relate to Armstrong's coercion of younger riders.
Lance Armstrong factfile Born: Plano, Texas
Plano, Texas Tour de France wins: 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 (22 individual stage wins)
1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 (22 individual stage wins) World Championships road race: 1993
1993 Battle with cancer: Diagnosed with testicular cancer in 1996. The disease spreads through his body. Launches Lance Armstrong Foundation for Cancer. Declared cancer-free in 1997 after brain surgery and chemotherapy.
Diagnosed with testicular cancer in 1996. The disease spreads through his body. Launches Lance Armstrong Foundation for Cancer. Declared cancer-free in 1997 after brain surgery and chemotherapy. Retirement: Announces he will retire after the 2005 Tour de France, which he wins. Angered by drug allegations against him, Armstrong announces in September 2008 he will return to professional cycling. In June 2010, he reveals via Twitter that the 2010 Tour de France will be his last. On 16 February 2011, Armstrong announces his retirement again.
Christian Vande Velde, dropped from US Postal for the 2002 Tour, says he was told by his compatriot and mentor that "if I wanted to continue to ride for the Postal Service team I would have to use what Dr Ferrari had been telling me to use, and would have to follow Dr Ferrari's program to the letter".
Both Michael Barry and Dave Zabriskie were also lured in by Armstrong and team director Johan Bruyneel. Zabriskie, who as a kid had used cycling as an escape from his father's own drug addiction, admits in his testimony that he "went back to my apartment and had a breakdown" after finally succumbing to the pressure to dope himself.
Armstrong has frequently stated that he passed more than 500 drug-tests during his career. It is another defence exploded by Usada's relentless detail. Not only was that number probably closer to 250, but so easy were the tests to evade or deceive that it appears Armstrong often found it comical.
There was no test for EPO until 2000. The window for detection, when there was, was tiny; when Ferrari advised injection direct into the vein rather than skin, it almost closed entirely.
Blood transfusions remained undetectable. When testers were on their way, Armstrong and his team frequently knew in advance; when they did arrive, saline drips could mask any evidence.
Neither was Armstrong's doping a one-off reaction to unrelenting external pressure. He doped before cancer; he doped after cancer; he doped through his glory years; and he doped in his comeback. His blood values in his valedictory 2009 and 2010 Tours, state an expert, had "less than a one in a million chance" of being natural.
Media playback is not supported on this device Dave Brailsford says Lance Armstrong doping evidence is 'jaw dropping'
There is more - the intimidation by Armstrong and his handlers of witnesses and their vitriolic attacks on critics, what Usada calls "a massive and long-running scheme to cover their tracks, tarnish reputations, lie to hearing panels and the press and do whatever was necessary to conceal the truth". There are payments of $100,000 and $25,000 to the UCI, cycling's governing body, to supposedly - and disturbingly - assist in anti-doping efforts.
For some, none of that matters. Armstrong, through his foundation, has raised an estimated $500m to fight cancer. That is enough, for those unsurprised or unmoved by sporting fraud, to forever hold him in unquestionable esteem.
Others may struggle with the contradictions of a man ostensibly promoting health while compelling team-mates to take illegal and untested drugs, of a fund-raiser who ran a team that fraudulently received "tens of millions of American taxpayer dollars in funding", of an inspirational figure who cheated to achieve the very triumphs he is venerated for.
Armstrong's comeback from cancer to dominate the world's toughest bike race was such a wonderful story that people want to believe that it is true. So great a hero was he to so many that some are still reluctant not to.
Media playback is not supported on this device How does blood doping work?
Heroes are often nuanced. Other greats have also ascended to the heights on tarnished wings - sprinters Ben Johnson and Marion Jones,baseball player Barry Bonds.
Armstrong, no simple doper but the head of an organisation that fostered and administered it, now appears to have gone far beyond their nefarious deeds. At least he told the truth about one thing: it wasn't about the bike, after all.
Will he ever come clean, as each of his team-mates finally has? The US culture of celebrity confession and subsequent forgiveness offers him one path out of this mess, his foundation another.
Until then, he is likely to remain trapped in ever more outlandish, embittered denials, lost to the real world, fighting a battle already lost.
The plan was day one to cut the plywood panels, coat them with epoxy then build the seats. Day two the panels would be butted spliced with drywall tape and then epoxy resin and wood flour was mixed to make putty. Scarf joints would be made for the long boards on the gunwale and glued with putty. Day three the fore bulkhead and seats would be used as construction frames as the panels were attached with temporary screws and shaped with cable ties and copper wires. The outside seams would be covered with duct tape epoxy putty would be spread inside the hull between the cable ties. Day four ties and screws would be removed and the uneven hull seams shaped on the outside. Drywall tape would be applied to both the inside and outside of all seams and a coat of epoxy would be brushed on the tape and very dry epoxy putty would be squeegeed into the tape on both the inside and outside of the hull. Day five touch up the holes and coat the hull with one more coat of epoxy. That was the plan which went quite well except for a few problems.
One disaster occurred while using epoxy that was mixed by weight. I had read you could spread a nice even bead of putty by putting it in a Ziplock bag then cutting off the corner to squeeze out a bead like a pastry chef. The epoxy was curing too fast so, I figured a little less hardener would give me a little more time to get it spread into the proper place. I had built a scale to measure the 2 to 1 weight ratio. My crude scale was a board balanced on a sharpened piece of wood with the resin twice as far as the hardener from the fulcrum. This was working fine until I decided I needed more time and changed the ratio but instead of putting the hardener closer to the fulcrum I adjusted the resin. The putty looked good as I mixed the wood flour into peanut butter consistency then filled my baggie with goop. As I began to squeeze the baggie the putty began to get warm in my hand this quickly escalated to very warm then to hot. When I could not stand the heat I threw the baggie away and smoke began to billow out of the trash can while I worried about setting the rags sawdust and shop on fire.
I tested the online advice about glues, tools fillers joints and fasteners on my prototype. I tried 4 different brands of epoxy resin. I tested wood flour, fumed silica, white all purpose flour and sawdust for fillers. I tried fiberglass, and drywall tape for joint strength. I experimented with copper wires cable ties and dry wall screws for positioning the panels. I tried various tools and ultimately took a minimum of tools: my smallest surform two card scrapers (used instead of sandpaper on green epoxy) my contour gage, a pull saw and metric tape measure. I also packed a handful of screws and some ringed bronze boat nails.
(Credit: Christina Shapiro/Texas Stars)
Dallas has already done much of the work that was expected to come on the restricted free agency front, taking out much of the possible drama of the month of June. For Texas, big time RFAs Justin Dowling and Brendan Ranford both got deals early in the month. Here's a rundown of the remaining RFAs in Texas.Lagace turned heads this season, no question. With his effort this year, he's going to get a qualifying offer and be a big part of the plans next season in the AHL. The deal is likely to be a one year, "prove it wasn't a fluke" deal.Stransky is in an interesting spot. He had the best season of his career this year in Texas, but it's not clear that he has a spot in the organization above the AHL level (or perhaps in any organization). If Matej Stransky were 'Matthew Stransky' from Saskatoon, he'd continue playing in the AHL on an AHL deal if he didn't get a QO, but he is not. The winger is from the Czech Republic and will always have the option to go home and make a decent amount of money for less punishing hockey in his home country. Personally, I think you give him an offer. Whether he signs it is another question.The Jack Campbell era sadly comes to a close in Cedar Park. Campbell is a great goaltender when he is on. Since the Calder Cup season, he hasn't been on frequently enough to make him part of the long-term plans in Dallas. I do hope he finds success in the league, but I think he needs a reset. There are any number of organizations that would love to have a goalie with his experience and would give him a flyer to see what might come.Peters isn't likely to get a qualifying offer. After a year with Willie Desjardins trusting him for big faceoffs on the fourth line as a rookie, Peters got buried in Idaho by the new regime. He spent much of this year on the injury list and his social media lends credence to the belief he has moved on from playing the game.The hulking defenseman out of the Q never played a game with the Texas Stars and spent last season in Europe. He hasn't made much noise to make it seem like he would get a deal. Dallas has more prospects incoming that would require deals. Vance isn't worth the QO.
In the past several days, several members of President Donald J. Trump's inner circle have publicly disparaged him—and the president has done nothing public to stop them.
First, National Economic Council (NEC) director Gary Cohn—the former number two banker at Goldman Sachs and a top Democrat who joined the Trump administration after the president's election—bashed the president in an on-record interview with the Financial Times.
“I have come under enormous pressure both to resign and to remain in my current position,” Cohn said when asked by the Financial Times about his thoughts on the president's response to the incidents in Charlottesville. “As a patriotic American, I am reluctant to leave my post as director of the National Economic Council because I feel a duty to fulfill my commitment to work on behalf of the American people. But I also feel compelled to voice my distress over the events of the last two weeks. Citizens standing up for equality and freedom can never be equated with white supremacists, neo-Nazis, and the KKK. I believe this administration can and must do better in consistently and unequivocally condemning these groups and do everything we can to heal the deep divisions that exist in our communities. As a Jewish American, I will not allow neo-Nazis ranting ‘Jews will not replace us' to cause this Jew to leave his job. I feel deep empathy for all who have been targeted by these hate groups. We must all unite together against them.”
The New York Times also reported that Cohn drafted a resignation letter, and came under enormous pressure from his own family including his wife to resign, but has remained in the White House.
“Mr. Cohn, who is Jewish, seriously considered resigning and even drafted a letter of resignation, according to two people familiar with the draft,” the New York Times' Maggie Haberman and Kate Kelly wrote on Friday, adding later in the piece details about Cohn's plans for potential resignation.
“In the days after the Charlottesville violence, Mr. Cohn's family — including his wife — told him he needed to think seriously about departing, according to two people briefed on the discussions,” Haberman and Kelly wrote. “Several of his friends in the business community also urged him to step away from the administration. Mr. Cohn is a former executive at Goldman Sachs. Mr. Cohn came close to resigning, according to one of the people briefed on the discussions. He met with Mr. Trump privately at the president's golf club in New Jersey last Friday, scrapping his plans to spend the evening at his second home in the Hamptons.”
The Washington Post added in its own reporting that Cohn was overheard in a Long Island restaurant trashing President Trump.
“On Wednesday evening, Cohn complained loudly about Trump while dining with friends at a Long Island restaurant called the Frisky Oyster,” the Washington Post's Damien Paletta and Philip Rucker reported on Friday. “Cohn explained to his companions — in a loud voice overheard by others — that he had to be careful not to give Trump too much lead time about some new ideas because the president could disclose the information prematurely and upend the planning process, according to a person familiar with the dinner.”
Now, after Cohn's threats to resign over his disagreements with the president, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson appeared on Fox News Sunday this weekend to also disparage the president. Tillerson declined to say that the president supports American values, saying that the State Department does but that “the president speaks for himself.”
In addition, Tillerson defended globalists arguing that he does not “see any division” between those who support globalization and those who support the “America First” agenda that the president campaigned on.
“I think it's a question of tactics and how you achieve those objectives,” Tillerson told Fox News' Chris Wallace. “I think the president has been clear in his speech in Afghanistan that we are not undertaking nation-building. We will be shifting our diplomatic and aid in development as well to coincide with the present fear that the Afghan government and that Afghan people must own their form of government and they must come to reconciliation with all ethnic groups including the Taliban. A peaceful country who does not support terrorism does not provide safe havens are terrorist and does not align itself with any terrorist organizations or countries that do. That's what winning looks like.”
He also said that Dr. Sebastian Gorka's criticism of the Afghanistan speech's lack of any mention of “radical Islam” or “radical Islamic terrorism”—a sharp departure from the campaign vision of President Trump—is “completely wrong.”
“It shows a lack of understanding of the president's broader policy when it comes to protecting Americans at home and abroad from all acts of terrorism,” Tillerson said of Gorka's criticism. “Terrorism, as we've said, it manifests itself in many types of organization. The president has charged us to develop policies and tactics most diplomatically and militarily to attack terrorism in as many forms wherever it exists in the world and wherever it might present a threat to the homeland or to Americans anywhere. This means that we have to develop techniques that are global in nature. All we want is to ensure that terrorists do not have the capability to organize and carry out attacks.”
Gorka resigned from the White House on Friday in part due to the failures on the Afghanistan speech and vision from the president, which were pushed in large part thanks to National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster.
Together with Cohn, McMaster, and Tillerson, others in the White House have banded together to form the “West Wing Democrats.” They include the president's daughter Ivanka Trump, her husband Trump's son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner, Deputy National Security adviser Dina Habib Powell—who worked with Cohn at Goldman Sachs—as well as new chief of staff John Kelly. Powell claims to be a Republican due to her short tenure in the George W. Bush White House, and Tillerson was a longtime GOP donor, but this cadre of individuals and others reportedly view their role as moderating the president's campaign positions to protect the established order and status quo in Washington. They work closely with congressional leaders like House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to achieve their ends against the president's agenda.
Interestingly, as Cohn and Tillerson were publicly attacking the president over the weekend, so was Ryan—for a different topic, the president's decision to pardon former Maricopa County, Arizona, Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
White House interim communications director Hope Hicks has not replied to a series of questions from Breitbart News about why the president is letting these people get away with this public humiliation of him, and how it shows weakness on his behalf. It remains to be seen if the president will do anything about it, but the display of lack of control of his own supposed allies weakens his position heading into what is likely to be one of the bloodiest legislative months in recent history. In September, Trump and Congress need to pass a spending bill, raise the debt ceiling, revisit efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare, and begin tax reform.
iStockphoto
He was a senior surgeon many of us in training wanted to emulate — smart, busy and beloved by patients and staff. But we loved him most because he could have been any one of us. He had slogged through the same training program some 15 years earlier, and he had survived.
I caught up with him one afternoon during my internship, hoping to glean some wisdom, but all he could talk about was how he was going to be seeing patients less and focusing on his dream of improving hospital quality and efficiency. “Don't get me wrong,” he said. “I love caring for patients.” But the stress of keeping a practice afloat was wearing him down.
“Plus the monkey is finally off my back now,” he said with an enormous grin. “I paid off my last student loan.”
Doctor and Patient Dr. Pauline Chen on medical care.
My heart dropped. That the specter of student loan payments would loom over my life for at least another decade and a half was utterly disheartening.
But absolutely true. It wasn't until my early 40s that I paid off my last loan.
For almost three generations, debt has been a nearly inescapable part of becoming a doctor. Over 80 percent of each medical student class will graduate in debt; and while that percentage has remained unchanged for 25 years, the increase in the total amount owed has leapfrogged over all other economic reality checks, like inflation and the consumer price index. According to the Association of American Medical Colleges, which has been trying to address the problem for nearly a decade, young doctors who graduated from medical school last year had an average debt of $158,000, or $2.3 billion for the group as a whole. Almost a third of students owed more than $200,000, a number that will only increase with the addition of interest over payback periods of 25 to 30 years.
The skyrocketing costs are primarily due to the expansion and increasing complexity of universities and academic medical centers, and to the trend among university administrators to use tuition to support institutional projects that may be only indirectly linked to medical student education.
But while upgraded clinical facilities and spectacular research programs are obvious reasons, another key factor has gone largely unnoticed. It is our society's assumption that individual indebtedness is required to obtain big-ticket items, whether they are cars, houses or higher education.
“It's become normal now to take out loans to get anything of value,” said Dr. S. Ryan Greysen, an assistant professor of medicine at the University of California, San Francisco, and lead author of a fascinating study published this month on the historical and social factors that have contributed to rising medical student indebtedness. “Getting a medical education has become similar to getting a mortgage on your house.”
The acceptance of student indebtedness as the “norm” of medical school has provided a kind of carte blanche for robust tuition increases. Median yearly tuition at public medical schools is $29,000, and at private institutions it is $47,000 — increases from two decades earlier of over 312 percent and 165 percent, respectively. While some may counter that future doctors can well afford such increases and loans, the rising debt load has had and will have repercussions on patients, particularly those in the greatest need.
Paying so much up front has transformed an education that was once a path to public service into a significant financial investment that needs to yield returns. “Because of all the debt, people stop thinking of medicine as an incredible opportunity to do good,” Dr. Greysen said. For some young people, looming debts mean eschewing a calling to serve a particularly needy, less lucrative patient population or practice, and instead pursuing a well-compensated subspecialty that caters to the comfortably insured.
For others, such large debts mean forgoing a medical career altogether. Cost remains a key deterrent for pre-medical students and is an important reason there aren't more African-American, Hispanic and Native American doctors. Despite the well-documented benefits of a diverse physician work force, these economic pressures are transforming the socioeconomic makeup of medical school classes; medical students are increasingly from affluent backgrounds. In 1971, almost 30 percent of medical students came from households with incomes in the lowest 40th percentile, but only 10 percent of all medical students now do, and more than half come from families in the top quintile.
The acceptance of debt as a prerequisite of medical education has obscured even the most basic fact: It's unclear just how many dollars it takes to educate a medical student. Because we accept debt, few university administrators have ever been held accountable for the tuition charged. And costs vary wildly among medical schools even within the same state, with one institution charging as much as three times what another charges for tuition and fees.
But medical students and the general public are not the only ones who are in the dark. Medical student dollars have become so enmeshed in supporting the diverse endeavors of a university or academic medical center that it's become difficult even for those who set the prices to know what exactly they are charging for.
Over the last few years, some medical schools and educators have tried to address the problem. A few have tried to elicit alumni donations to support medical students, freeze costs or even do away with tuition altogether. Others have suggested highly innovative solutions that would strategically leverage the debt so that those medical students who went into high-need, less remunerative specialties would have less (or nothing) to pay.
But few of those changes will have any significant or long-lasting effect until we disengage ourselves from the notion that debt is a necessary part of medical education. As long as indebtedness is viewed as a normal part of becoming a doctor, tuition will continue to surge unchecked, and the implications for patients will only multiply. And we will be no closer to an answer for the most important question of all: Just how much should students, and society, pay for the next generation of doctors?
NEAL SCHON JOURNEY THROUGH TIME
Neal Schon, founding member of the 2017 Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame inductee group Journey and former Santana band-mate will play a very intimate benefit concert for North Bay Fire Relief on Friday, February 9th at The Independent in San Francisco. The performance, Neal Schon's Journey Through Time, will feature original Journey and Santana member Gregg Rolie, as well as Marco Mendoza and former Journey member Deen Castronovo.
In addition to the performance, Schon has released his first-ever holiday music, an EP that includes “Ave Maria,” “Can't Help Falling in Love” and instrumental renditions of Journey hits “Open Arms” and “Faithfully” “Ave Maria” is available for free download at schonmusic.com.
Schon founded Journey in 1972 and has been the only consistent member, having participated in every album and tour to date. Schon is a Grammy-nominated guitarist, songwriter and vocalist who is not only the founding member of Journey, but was a member of Santana and has performed with a variety of other acts including Bad English,, Jan Hammer, HSAS and has released 10 solo albums including his latest Votex. His guitar style has been described as soulful and melodic, admired by such fellow legends as Eric Clapton and Prince, who reportedly asked for Schon's blessing to release “Purple Rain”, which echoed a similar sound to Journey's “Faithfully”.
Journey's worldwide sales have reached over 100 million records, making them one of the world's best-selling bands of all time, with a wide selection of chart-topping hits like “Don't Stop Believin­'”, “Open Arms”, “Lights”, “Faithfully”, and “When You Love a Woman”, among others.
Ron Duwell | Gaming Reviews & News by
Kingdom Hearts III Director Tetsuya Nomura isn't at the best place of his career over the past few weeks. While we don't exactly know the specifics of how it all went down, it sounds as if he left his position as Director of Final Fantasy XV on a sour note after being replaced by the recently appointed Hajime Tabata.
Japan has a long history of game developers letting their high position get to their heads, causing reputable figures to lash out when things don't go their way. I can still remember the rant from when the first Kingdom Hearts outsold the Resident Evil remake on the GameCube. Good times for everyone except creator Shinji Mikami.
Nomura has the swag to be in a position to do this after helming many of Square Enix's artistic choices for nearly twenty years. Unlike his replacement, who is a relatively unknown and humble figure at Square Enix, he hasn't always been able to keep his emotions in check, and if a new message for his fans of the Kingdom Hearts series found in the Kingdom Hearts Memorial Ultimania guide book is any hint, we can tell that Nomura is just teething with frustration.
If I had to pick, I am a person more on the dark side like Xehanort and co., I harness the burning anger in my heart into what I create. Kingdom Hearts III's current development explodes very much in this sense. Each time, it's a battle with Sora and co. who are the exact opposite of myself, it's been over 10 years and yet we haven't reached a conclusion. This battle will surely last longer. In Kingdom Hearts III as well, I am scheming many challenges that Sora and his friends must overcome, because I myself cannot lose either. And in preparation for the great battle that lies ahead, we have this one book that looks back on their entire journey. When I think about it, I had an explosive mindset when I made the first Kingdom Hearts as well. Thus when I look back at all the material, I feel that fever again. Fans who will continue the journey so far alongside Sora and his friends will also recall their own feverish enthusiasm. With that passion, we will not lose to darkness, and Sora's journey will continue onwards. The journey still continues, but I would be overjoyed if you stuck with us until the very end.
Maybe he just has a burning passion for Kingdom Hearts III that we can't even begin to fathom, but when he starts talking about his “dark side” and “burning anger,” I can just picture him in one of Kingdom Hearts‘ dark zipper robes listening to Eminem and Linkin Park on full blast, arms folded in a dark room while he pouts about his situation and bangs out his emotions on a computer keyboard.
Remember when Kingdom Hearts was supposed to be just a happy little crossover between Final Fantasy and Disney? Yeah, those days are long gone.
At least he plans to carry the series past Kingdom Hearts III now that the whole Final Fantasy thing hasn't quite worked out, as he wanted. I really want to play it, but if Nomura is going to use it as an outlet to explore the dark side of his teenage angst, then I might not be that interested. Less darkness and more fan service please! That's all Kingdom Hearts has ever really been good at.
Kingdom Hearts III will launch on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, but no launch window has been provided yet.
Around 100 prehistoric 'cult sites,' containing phallic carvings have been found in the Eilat Mountains in the Negev Desert in Israel.
The sites date back around 8,000 years, and archaeologists were stunned to find a variety of stone structures and artifacts.
They include stone circles that measure 1.5 to 2.5 meters across with penis-shaped installations pointing toward them.
Researchers found a variety of stone structures and artifacts, including stone circles that measure 1.5 to 2.5 meters across with penis-shaped installations pointing toward them
In addition to the penis-shaped structures, researchers also found that some of the stones have vulva-shaped holes cut into them, which the team describe as 'pear shaped'.
WHAT ARE THEY? The researcher team say the sites were used by cults to worship fertility and death. It is believed animal sacrifices took place, and theat hundreds of the sites exist.
'While a comprehensive stylistic study of the stone objects is still ongoing, a preliminary interpretation suggests two symbolic aspects,' the team, led by Uzi Avner, a researcher with the Arava-Dead Sea Science Center and the Arava Institute, wrote.
'One is fertility, represented by the stones with elongated perforation (vulva-shape) and by the very combination of the elongated cell and the circle.'
Death is 'signified by the burial of stone objects and by setting them upside down,' the team members wrote in their paper.
In one, a humanlike stone carving was found buried with 'only the very top visible on the surface.'
Other findings there include standing stones that reach up to 2.6 feet (80 centimeters) high, stone bowls and stone carvings that have a humanlike shape.
These sites are often clustered together, and in one area the team discovered 44 cult sites in a spot encompassing only 0.8 square kilometers (less than 200 acres).
'Taking in[to] consideration the topography, environmental conditions and the small number of known Neolithic habitations in the general southern Negev, the density of cult sites in this region is phenomenal,' the team, led by wrote in an article published recently in the Journal of the Israel Prehistoric Society.
Archaeologists are working to decipher any meaning from the artifacts and structures, and say that both death and fertility seem to be symbolized at the sites.
A pair of installations, where the elongated cell points to the stone circle.
They also say similar sites are found throughout the area.
'Although the majority of these sites is currently recorded in the Eilat mountains, they were also found in other regions of the Negev and in southern Jordan, and therefore they represent a broad phenomenon.
'The many cult sites stand in contrast to the small number of Neolithic habitations known in the Negev and they offer a new insight into the spiritual culture of the desert Neolithic societies.'
A survey of a larger area yielded to date 349 cult sites, Avner said, adding that researchers are preparing these finds for publication.
'The number of cult sites recorded to date suggests that many more still await discovery,' the researchers wrote.
'Many more may be found on the mountains of the Negev, southern Jordan and Sinai.'
A survey of a larger area yielded to date 349 cult sites, Avner said, adding that researchers are preparing these finds for publication.
One 'may think now of a vast phenomenon, of hundreds of mountain cult sites in the desert.'
The sites also provide a good view.
'Commonly, a broad view is seen from the sites, so possibly, the scenery was one element in the selection of their location,' the archaeologists added.
'The fact that they are still visible today, thousands of years after being used, indicates that they were frequently visited, for short events, during a significant period of time and by many people.
Cashmere. Merino. Mohair. Angora. Consumers are all too familiar with the luxury fibers that designers have been relying on for decades. But alpaca—the material that comes from the adorable llama-like camelid of the same name—may be poised to top them all as it continues to woo the fashion set with its versatility and soft, indulgent texture. That is the intent, at least, of the Peruvian Trade Commission and Company Agenda, which have worked together to form The Alpaca Project, an initiative to make the world aware of the South American nation's treasured fiber. On the program's initial trip, it exposed a select group of burgeoning New York fashion designers to the industry in Peru in exchange for their commitment to produce a number of alpaca-based garments to present with their collections at New York Fashion Week next February.
Five designers—Antonio Azzuolo, Charles Harbison, Caitlin Wiman of Rachel Comey, and Timo Weiland, along with his namesake brand's head designer, Donna Kang—traveled approximately 3,914 miles from New York to Peru in late November to see the entire alpaca production process firsthand. The six-day trip immersed them to all facets of the industry, from meeting the indigenous farmers who herd the animals and shear their fur in the Andean highlands to touring the factories where workers and machines process the fiber and turn it into yarn, all the way to seeing the final step, where the alpaca is woven together into finished garments, ready to be shipped to stores.
“This trip was meant to immerse New York-based designers with a direct connection to the Peruvian alpaca manufactures, local herders, and overall Peruvian culture,” said Conrado Falco, the director of the Trade Commission of Peru in New York. “Our goal is to bring global awareness to a Peruvian textile industry.”
There's good reason that Peru wants the world to know about its alpacas and their higher-priced, protected cousin, the vicuña. About 3.5 million of the animals call the country home—making up approximately 80 percent of the world's entire alpaca population. Peru exports $175 million of the luxurious fiber annually, and it also makes up part of a $2.1 billion textile and garment industry—one of the country's largest sectors. It's not just the fiber's high quality and earning power that the Peruvian government touts; it also has the power to help the country's indigenous populations, many of whom suffer from poverty. At least 50,000 families in the Andean highlands rely on herding alpaca for income and to sustain themselves.
One of those families is the Cucho family, headed by 69-year-old matriarch Natividad Cucho Velasquez. Although Cucho Velasquez has never seen an alpaca-made luxury good, her herd of approximately 1,000 alpacas has helped sustain a modest living for her and her nine adult children and their kids, and also allowed her to send her 25-year-old son Ruben Casa Cucho to veterinary school. With the help of alpaca manufacturer Inca Tops, which helms Pacomarca, an organization and farm that works to combat the problem most indigenous herders often face—extreme poverty—they are learning how to sustainably and ethically raise alpaca in order to ensure the best fibers. Cucho Velasquez is one of the many who are receiving proper guidance in cultivating her family's herd. “Our ultimate dream is to raise animals of the highest quality,” said Casa Cucho through a translator.
For the designers who traveled by van five hours from Arequipa, Peru's second largest city, ascending nearly three miles into the Andes Mountains to meet with Cucho Velasquez and her family, it was an eye-opening revelation.
“I think meeting that family on the way to Pacomarca was inspiring because I think that they are all so beautiful, in the way that they live, and the way they're involved with the alpacas,” said Wiman. “It's a really old way of doing things, and I think that's really amazing that it still happens.”
Martin Chipan, a 45-year-old herdsman, used to live in a meager, one-room stone hut with a roof made from a Peruvian grass called ichu that was barely tall enough for him to stand up. Now, thanks to Pacomarca's efforts, Chipan lives in a home that converts solar energy into power, has running water, and consists of a bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, and greenhouse. His home is part of a program that aims to house 5,000 herders in similar structures they help build over the next three years. “This place is like a gift from god,” Chipan told the designers through a translator.
“I learned that there's always a human involved in every single step of the process.” said Kang.
After meeting the herders responsible for the animals, the designers toured different types of manufacturers, from Art Atlas, an alpaca manufacturer with a mission to employ women, to the factories of the alpaca giants Incalpaca and Michell CIA, located in Arequipa. They watched alpaca as it was washed and sorted by color into mountainous piles inside a vast, natural-light-and-air-filled warehouse space. They observed the raw fiber spun into yarn, and the yarn weaved into woven and knitted fabrics by both hand and machine, then assembled into garments (one was a striped Prada cardigan).
“There's a lot of human interaction,” said Franz Olivera, head of weaving and spinning at Incalpaca, as he took the designers through a tour of its factories. “This is an art.”
The designers saw fabric swatches and threads that they could incorporate into their collections, as well as sample designs and the fiber in its final stage: as sweaters, scarves, hats, and more on store racks and shelves ready to be purchased.
Alpaca became more than just a material that they will use in their next collections; the trip helped them develop a deeper bond with the animal itself and the people and culture responsible for it.
“It gave me more of an appreciation for where it's all coming from because I have never seen that before,” said Wiman, who has traveled to Peru several times to oversee production for Rachel Comey.
“I'm taking away a love of the fabric, a love of the fiber, a love of the yarn,” said Harbison, who planned to use alpaca to make a draped coat. “I think it's because Peruvians have a love for it, and I've walked away feeling intimately connected as well.”
“I've never been to Peru and this trip allowed me to more completely understand the complexity behind this fiber,” said Azzuolo, who had worked with the alpaca in the past. “It's a noble fiber, but it's so much more than just that. It's noble in the true sense in that it's so directly connected to the culture of Peru.”
“The trip was incredibly inspirational, not only from a design standpoint, but on a human standpoint,” said Kang.
Next February, The Alpaca Project will have its coming out party during New York Fashion Week when the designers who participated in the trip, along with brands including VPL, Tocca, and Nanette Lepore, will debut several alpaca designs on the fall 2014 runways.
Preconceptions about college, like most things, run rampant. News stories, movies, television shows and anecdotal evidence paint a picture of college that distorts the reality of the ebb and flow of semesters.
If you've been following this column, you'll know I'm something of pseudo-expert on higher education. I've attended an elite private institution, a community college, a small liberal school and a large research university. With all this experience, I am happy to report the truth about college life.
The first myth I want to tackle is the notion that college students spend most of their time partying. From “Animal House” to “Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising,” pop culture would lead you to believe college is the most expensive party in America. Most media depictions of university life emphasize the Greek system, rife with themed nights, dance parties and boozy bacchanalia. This portrayal is particularly unforgiving of women, who strut around fake college sets as if their sole reason for existence is to satisfy the heterosexual desires of their male peers.
It's true that there is partying at every college, except for maybe commuter-driven community colleges. But on-campus partying is tiresome, a lot less wild than it seems and only there for a cross-section of students that can afford to pay for Greek fees, alcohol and costume-y clothing. And when women do party, they do it for themselves, not to serve their heterosexual male peers.
The reality is, when college students aren't working a job or internship, they spend the majority of time in class, reading, studying, writing and generally fulfilling the requirements of demanding classwork. While I'm not anti-party, the idea that it is the only thing young people do on campus is frankly absurd –– especially for women. After all, women tend to do better across the board in higher education. Female students are worth a lot more than their to-be-looked-at-ness.
The second academic myth is perhaps more believable. It's the idea that college rankings actually matter.
The U.S. News & World Report is a widely used resource for prospective college students. It ranks colleges in different categories, but generally Ivy League schools and private schools do the best year after year. These schools are, of course, unattainable for most students because of a variety of financial and logistical reasons.
This myth is particularly damaging for high school students that jockey for the best possible school they can get into, a mistake I've made more than once. College rankings can make high school students feel like they need excellent grades, strong extracurriculars and the charitable work of an aristocratic philanthropist just to compete.
These rankings are bad for a number of reasons. First, they don't actually predict how well you will fit in on campus. Just because you can get into Harvard doesn't mean Harvard will meet your particular scholastic needs. It may turn out to be the institution that propels you into a lucrative career, or it may saddle you with debt without giving much in return.
Second, what do the rankings even mean? If Princeton is number one and Stanford is number five, does that make Princeton five times better than Stanford? Even more alarming, Northwestern University, which is currently number 12, taught me a lot less (read: nothing) than community college.
U.S. News & World Report relies on retention rates, selectivity, alumni donation levels and a host of other factors that indicate almost nothing about how you, a college student, will learn and grow on campus.
The final myth is that students can figure out what they want to study after they start college. While I'm sure this works for some students, my observational and personal experiences suggest that knowing what you want to study before college is preferable.
Taking an introductory sociology and economics class probably won't tell you a lot about what upper-division classes will be like, much less what a career as a NPR sociology correspondent or J.P. Morgan accountant will be like. Plus, while the standard two years to declare a major may seem like a lot of time, it flies by quickly. That's only, on average, 16 classes to decide what major you like the most.
Moreover, the students that come in with a profession in mind often seemed to be the most focused. While their course loads aren't small, they have goals in mind and pre-professional resources centers to reach out to for advice.
So what's a confused student to do? Take time off before starting at a four-year university. Try courses at lower-cost community colleges. Work in a field you think you might be interested in. Slowing down the oftentimes automatic high-school-to-college-path will give you time to make an investment in your future that is deliberate and worth your time and money.
Samantha writes the Friday column on undergraduate myths. Contact her at [email protected].
It won't be long until NFL free agency begins, and the Cincinnati Bengals will once again have plenty of money to spend.
Once again, the Bengals are among the NFL leaders in carryover cap space, coming in with $7,587,902 that will now be part of their 2016 cap space, the NFLPA announced today. The leftover cap space a team has after the previous league year ends is called carryover cap and that money is later applied to the following league year.
Every NFL team elected to carry over unused salary cap space from 2015. The smallest carryover amount is $11,587 by the Seattle Seahawks, and the largest is $32,774,928 by the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Though the new salary cap has yet to be set, Over The Cap projects the Bengals will have around $38 million for this offseason. They've factored in projected carryover numbers, though it's unclear if their expectation is the exact amount the NFLPA just announced.
Only eight NFL teams have more carryover space than the Bengals. There's no question they'll need every bit of it with impending free agents like George Iloka, Marvin Jones and Reggie Nelson and Adam Jones needing to be re-signed.
In all, the total carryover amount from 2015 is $203,963,112, putting the average carryover per team at $6.4 million. Once the 2016 salary cap is set, the carryover amount and other adjustments from the 2015 season will be combined for each team's official salary cap for 2016. Here's the carryover amounts for all 32 teams:
The Commercial Haskell SIG members want to help people adopt Haskell. What would help? Data beats speculation, so FP Complete recently emailed surveys to over 16000 people interested in Haskell. The questions were aimed at identifying needs rather than celebrating past successes, and at helping applied users rather than researchers.
Over 1240 people sent detailed replies, spending over 250 person-hours to provide their answers.
This rich data set includes extensive information on Haskell user needs. We are open-sourcing the entire anonymized data set, downloadable by clicking here [.zip]. There are numeric ratings and extensive textual comments. Feel free to analyze the data -- or just read the summaries -- and share your most helpful and actionable conclusions with the community. We will too.
First Results
Although we have completed only basic analysis, here are some of our first findings -- those so clear that they show up on even the most basic examination of the aggregate data.
Satisfaction with the language, the compiler, and the community are high.
Among non-students, 58% would recommend Haskell for a project at their workplace, but only 26% actually use it at work -- partly due to colleagues unfamiliar with Haskell who see it as requiring skills that are hard to obtain, or who need to see more success stories. Would improvement to colleagues' perceptions make a difference in the team's choice of Haskell for a project? 33% of respondents rated this "crucial" and another 26% said it would be "important", while only 16% said it would be a "slight help" or no help.
Package management with cabal is the single worst aspect of using Haskell. Asked if improvements to package management would make a difference to their future choice of Haskell for a project, 38% said it would be "crucial" and a further 29% said it would be "important". Comments connected cabal with words like hell, pain, awful, sucks, frustrating, and hideous. Only this topic showed such grave dissatisfaction.
Documentation improvements are a very high priority. For example, users need more concrete tutorials and templates showing them exactly what kinds of problems Haskell is good at solving, and exactly how to implement such programs completely. 65% of respondents said improvements to documentation and learning resources would be crucial or important, and a further 23% said they would be helpful. However, comments did not begin to approach the level of concern seen with cabal.
Skills are a priority. Users need to see that people with Haskell skills are readily available, and that Haskell skills are quite feasible to learn. A majority of respondents said an improvement in availability of skilled personnel would make an important or crucial difference to them, and many also expressed concern about their or colleagues' abilities to learn the needed concepts and skills.
We have started deeper statistical analysis of the data, and we hope that some readers of this post will perform -- and share -- even better analyses than we can. New issues may become clearer by clustering or segmenting users, or through other statistical techniques. Also, we may find more clarity about needs through deeper study of textual responses. Follow-up studies are also a possibility.
We propose that the community, given this large and detailed data set, should set some of its priorities in a data-driven manner focused on user-expressed needs. This effort should be complementary to the ongoing research on issues of historic Haskell strength such as language design and runtime architecture.
Areas for Further Work
We request that useful findings or insights derived from the open-sourced data set be shared with the community, including attribution of the source of the data and the methods of analysis used.
The data collected strongly invites clustering or segmentation, so as to identify needs of different sub-populations. FP Complete has already begun one such study.
The data collected includes extensive textual remarks which should be studied by knowledgeable people for insights. Automated text analysis methods may also be applicable.
Cost-benefit analysis seems worthwhile: based on identified needs, what improvements would help the most people, to the greatest degree, at the least cost and/or the least delay? A method to match volunteer contributors with identified high-payoff projects also seems worthwhile.
It would be useful to merge the data from versions 0.1 and 0.2 with version 1.0 of the survey, since 1.0 includes only 71% of the total answers received. Differences between the questions and scales make this a nontrivial, but still realistic, goal.
If important new hypotheses require testing, or if further detail is needed, we intend to conduct follow-up research at some future date among users who volunteered their email addresses for follow-up questions.
A future repeat survey could determine which improvement efforts are successful.
Methodology Notes
This was not a survey of the general public, but of a population motivated to provide feedback on Haskell. Invitees included 16165 non-opted-out email addresses gathered from FP Complete's website, in randomized order. Due to privacy considerations this list will not be published, but FP Complete was able to use it to contact these users since the survey was directly related to their demonstrated interest in Haskell. The high quality of the list is reflected in the extremely high response rate (7.7%), the low bounce rate (1.9%), and the low unsubscribe rate (also 1.9%).
Surveys were conducted using SurveyGizmo.com, with an email inviting each participant to click a link to a four-page Web-based survey. Survey form 0.1 invitations went to 1999 users of whom 190 completed the survey. Survey form 0.2, incorporating some edits, went to 2000 users of whom 170 completed the survey. Survey form 1.0, incorporating further edits, went to 12166 users of whom 894 completed the survey.
Form 0.2 incorporated edits to eliminate questions yielding little information about how to help users, either because satisfaction was very high (the language itself, the compiler, the community) or because two questions were redundant. Also, new questions inspired by textual responses to form 0.1 were included.
Form 1.0 incorporated further such edits. Also, the rating scale was changed to ask about helping the user's (and team's) future choice of Haskell rather than current usefulness/difficulty. The ratings questions were displayed under the heading "Would improvements help you and your group to choose Haskell for your future work?"
Responses were processed anonymously, but users were given the option to fill in their email address if they would accept follow-up questions, and the option to name their company/organization. Users were informed that the survey results, without these fields, would be shared with the community.
Acknowledgments
We are grateful to the many, many people who spent their valuable time and expertise completing and returning their survey forms. Thanks to Dr. Tristan Webb and Ms. Noelle McCool-Smiley, both of FP Complete, for their material help in formulating and conducting the survey. Thanks to FP Complete's corporate customers for providing the revenues that allow us to fund this and other community projects. Thanks to the Commercial Haskell SIG for providing the motivation behind this project. Thanks to the many volunteers who've spent absolutely huge amounts of time and expertise making Haskell as good as it is today, and who continue to make improvements like those requested by the survey participants. Thanks to the companies that allow some of their staff to spend company time making such contributions to the common good. Special thanks to the late Professor Paul Hudak; may we all strive to live up to his example.
Twitter was flooded with comical pictures of cats after Belgian authorities asked people not to reveal details about police activity on social media during anti-terror raids in Brussels.
The hashtag #BrusselsLockdown was swamped with cute and humorous tweets as part of an apparent attempt to make it more difficult for suspects to find information to help them to avoid capture.
Tweets included pictures of “suspect” cats being arrested by police, armed sniper cats and cats disobeying police advice to stay away from windows.
Many people praised the city for maintaining a sense of humour even after the terror threat level for Brussels was raised to its maximum level and the underground network, schools and universities were closed amid warnings of a “serious and imminent” threat.
Federal prosecutor Eric Van Der Sypt said police “want to thank the press and social media users because they took the need of this operation into account” and Belgium's crisis centre tweeted: “Thanks to the media and citizens for their silence online as asked during the juridicial intervention tonight.”
PA
Peter Thiel confirmed last night that he did indeed fund Hulk Hogan's lawsuit against Gawker, as Peter Thiel confirmed last night that he did indeed fund Hulk Hogan's lawsuit against Gawker, as rumored earlier this week, saying that the move was one of the "greater philanthropic things" he had done in his life. The billionaire Silicon Valley investor told the New York Times that he secretly bankrolled the wrestler's sex tape case as a way of "fighting back" against Gawker Media, who he said published articles that were "very painful and paralyzing for people who were targeted," and who "ruined people's lives for no reason."
Thiel, whose sexuality was outed in a 2007 Valleywag article, argued that he is third-party funding was "less about revenge and more about specific deterrence." The venture capitalist, worth an estimated $2.7 billion, said he decided several years ago to covertly provide money to "victims" of stories posted on Gawker Media's properties. "I didn't really want to do anything," he told the New York Times , saying that he thought providing so-called third-party litigation funding "would do more harm to me than good." Thiel said he changed his mind when one of his friends convinced him that if he didn't step in to stop Gawker, nobody would.
Thiel said if he didn't stop Gawker then "nobody would."
"I can defend myself," he said. "Most of the people they attack are not people in my category. They usually attack less prominent, far less wealthy people that simply can't defend themselves." Thiel put together a legal team to search for such individuals — people who "would have accepted a pittance for a settlement" — before making them an offer of financial backing. The investor didn't provide details on other cases he had become involved in, but the NYT says at least two Thiel-funded cases against Gawker Media are currently running.
While third-party litigation funding is a fully legal practice, Thiel's deployment of his vast cash reserves in this manner have raised ethical questions. But Thiel, who has donated to the Committee to Protect Journalists, says he's only targeting Gawker — a company he calls a "singularly terrible bully" — and hasn't provided financial support to lawsuits against any other media companies. "In a way," he said, "if I didn't think Gawker was unique, I wouldn't have done any of this. If the entire media was more or less like this, this would be like trying to boil the ocean."
The deadline to submit comments to the USDA on the proposed field trial of the GM diamondback moth is two weeks away, and Nobel Laureate Sir Richard Roberts has weighed in:
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
“The diamondback moth is the most serious insect pest of Brassica crops (including cabbage, broccoli, etc) in the US and worldwide, with associated costs, including crop losses, estimated at $4 billion-$5 billion annually. The GM diamond back moth currently under development and testing will provide another tool to fight this hard-to-control agricultural pest. Moreover, this tool will help reduce the use of less efficacious controls for this pest such as insecticides.”
Cornell University is seeking the go-ahead to conduct an open field trial for the transgenic self-limiting diamondback moth, developed by Oxitec and similar in design to the company's self-limiting mosquito (which I covered here). In short, the male moths are engineered with a gene that passes to offspring, killing females before they can reach adulthood and reproduce, reducing the population. Since the males only mate with females of their own species, this method doesn't affect beneficial insects. The gene itself isn't toxic or harmful, so predators who eat the Oxitec moths digest them the same as they would any other prey.
Releases of Oxitec's OX513A engineered version of the Ae. aegypti mosquito, which transmits malaria, dengue and yellow fever and kills millions of people annually, reduced populations by over 90%. This is nothing short of a huge success, with Oxitec's website calling it “an unprecedented level of control,” comparing the figure to the best available mosquito control methods, which only reduce populations by up to 50%.
Even though mosquitoes transmit diseases that actually kill people, the self-limiting moth is perhaps as important. Diamondback moth caterpillars wreak havoc on Brassica crops, which include cabbage, broccoli, kale and cauliflower, causing billions of dollars of damage each year. The proposed trial represents the type of research that will require support to advance biological insect control strategies as agriculture adapts to a dynamic environment and struggles to keep pace with the world's growing population.
Dr. Channa Prakash, a pioneer in agricultural biotechnology, commented on the notice:
“As Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and a Professor of Crop Genetics and Genomics [at Tuskegee University], I am well aware of the science behind the technology of genetically engineered organisms and the difficulty the farmers in Alabama have in controlling DBM [diamondback moth]. Our farmers annually produce a large acreage of crucifer crops that are threatened by this devastating pest. In Alabama, DBM has a long history of causing severe damage to our crucifer crops even when they are intensively sprayed. The common practice to control DBM in our state, as in other states with high populations of this invasive pest, is the frequent use of insecticides. This practice has resulted in hazards to farmers and consumers, the environment, and led to frequent cases of DBM becoming resistant to the insecticide. Growers need an alternative approach.”
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
Dr. Pamela Ronald, plant pathologist and geneticist and Distinguished Professor at UC Davis wrote:
“I believe that it is essential that the US advance all appropriate technologies that can enhance food security in a sustainable manner. I support the Cornell permit application.”
Though several opponents have weighed in during the commenting period, nearly all of their remarks express fact-scarce fears and common misconceptions about genetic engineering. “Please stop trying to play God with humanity's future,” implored one commenter. “There is absolutely no guarantee that this won't backfire and cause a myriad of unforeseen consequences. Crazy!!!” wrote another.
You don't need to be a Nobel Laureate to submit comments, nor do you have to be a scientist. The comment period ends on May 19th.
SNK PLAYMORE's revered versus fighting available on PlayStation Store from 25/5
The Last Blade 2 originally came out in 1998 as the sequel to The Last Blade. Together with Samurai Shodown, the blade-based fighting game genre was born on NEOGEO together with this groundbreaking series. A true arcade classic featuring masterfully crafted 2D dot-pixel graphics and gameplay, over the years The Last Blade 2 has become one of the most highly revered, unique, and competitive fighting games in the genre's history.
Recently, on 19th March 2016, a yearly tournament for The Last Blade 2 (and Garou: Mark of the Wolves) was held in Tokyo, and SNK continued to be impressed at how many people still play this game here in Japan as well. There was much excitement around the tournament.
Since its announcement at PlayStation Experience 2015 in San Francisco, little has been revealed regarding this new PSN version of The Last Blade 2. However, we are happy to announce that we are now ready to bring this masterpiece back to all of you in Europe/EMEA territories this May, with PS4 and PS Vita versions including Cross-Play and Cross-Save functionality, and online multiplayer. We at SNK would like to thank you for your great patience over the past few months.
Code Mystics Inc., based in Vancouver, Canada, has worked very hard on the development for the emulation and online multiplayer for this release. We first considered if the “rollback” online netcode would be a good fit with The Last Blade 2's gameplay. The rollback basically minimises lag from local user input over the internet. However, when you play the game with a friend who lives on the other side of the world you may see your opponent character “teleporting” due to huge online latency between players.
We discussed this with SIE Third Party Productions and Code Mystics and made the decision to focus on how players can experience the original NEOGEO gameplay during online multiplayer in the best way. This is why we have ultimately avoided rollback netcode, and moved forward with using Code Mystics' proprietary online technology instead.
You can pre-order from today – and bonus original PS4 and PS Vita themes will also be available for those who purchase this Cross-Buy bundle on PlayStation Store. Don't miss this wonderful opportunity!
Sharpen your sword in readiness for The Last Blade 2's release on 25th May, and get ready to cut down all your rivals in multiplayer.
Ready… SLASH!
Trump administration wants to force visitors to US to reveal social media passwords and answer questions about political beliefs
The latest crayon-scrawled, unconstitutional, sure-to-be-challenged plan from the Trump White House for America's borders would require visitors to the US to reveal their social media passwords so CBP officers could read their private messages and look at their friends lists; they will also have to answer questions about their political beliefs -- the plan would cover visitors from all over, including countries in the US Visa Waiver program.
There's a certain logic to that last part, inasmuch as it acknowledges that being Canadian or Japanese or German doesn't make you a better, more trustworthy person than someone from Syria or Iran or Pakistan. On the other hand, I'd always hoped that the death of that cherished, racist illusion would be accompanied by the elevation of people from the global south to the same human status as their rich-country brethren; not a race to the bottom where everyone gets demoted to the "suspicious foreigner" box.
Of course, border guards will have discretion about who they subject to this kind of "vetting," so this is most likely really about treating all brown people -- regardless of passport -- like they come from Somalia.
The press coverage of these quotes loads of people who've worked in counterintelligence and border security stating the blindingly obvious: "bad guys" will just manufacture clean social media presences and cross over with burner devices, and so will business travelers and the like, as soon as other governments start subjecting Americans to this treatment at their borders. It's a trivial measure for actual terrorists to overcome (especially as the platforms deploy a much-needed travel mode), but it will allow border guards to play Cardinal Richelieu: "If you give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest of men, I will find something in them which will hang him."
Kelly told a House homeland security committee hearing in February: “We want to say for instance, ‘What sites do you visit? And give us your passwords,' so that we can see what they do on the internet. If they don't want to give us that information then they don't come.” At the time his comments provoked a swift backlash from a coalition of dozens of human rights and civil liberties groups. They said in a joint statement: “This proposal would enable border officials to invade people's privacy by examining years of private emails, texts, and messages. “It would expose travelers and everyone in their social networks, including potentially millions of US citizens, to excessive, unjustified scrutiny. And it would discourage people from using online services or taking their devices with them while traveling, and would discourage travel for business, tourism and journalism.”
'Extreme vetting' would require visitors to US to share contacts and passwords
[David Smith/The Guardian]
The Truth about American Police Violence against Black Men
The largely undisputed narrative about cops and black men goes like this: black males are victimized daily all over America by police harassment and brutality, even when innocent, and there is an epidemic of police shootings of unarmed black men.
(Front Page Magazine)
This narrative is false, says Lemoine, and “distracts from far more serious problems that black Americans face.” Furthermore, the news media acceptance of it “poisons the relations between law enforcement and black communities throughout the country and results in violent protests that destroy property and sometimes even claim lives.”
The reality, Lemoine declares, is that a random black male is “overwhelmingly unlikely” to be the victim of police violence, and any disparity that does exist between the violence blacks and whites experience in their encounter with cops “is consistent with the racial gap in violent crime, suggesting that the role of racial bias is small.”
According to the Washington Post, just 16 unarmed black men out of a population of more than 20 million were killed by the police in 2016 – down from 36 the year before. These figures are numerically comparable to the number of black men that could be struck by lightning in any given year, Lemoine calculates, and they include cases in which the shooting was justified, even if the person killed was unarmed.
“Police killings of black unarmed males are incredibly rare, and it's completely misleading to talk about an ‘epidemic of them,” he writes, pointing out that the left makes a similar comparison “when they argue that it's completely irrational to fear that you might become a victim of terrorism.”
It's not even true that black men are beaten on a regular basis by the police, or even pulled over constantly without reason. Using data from the Police-Public Contact Survey, based on a nationally representative sample of more than 70,000 U.S. residents age 16 or older, Lemoine notes that “black men are less likely than white men to have contact with the police in any given year.” Only 1.5 percent of black men have more than three contacts with the police in any given year, he points out – only marginally more than the 1.2 percent of white men who do.
Actual injuries by the police are so rare that they cannot even be estimated precisely, says Lemoine. “The data suggest that only 0.08 percent of black men are injured by the police each year, approximately the same rate as for white men. A black man is about 44 times as likely to suffer a traffic-related injury.” Again, these figures include instances in which violence is legally justified.
There does exist a racial disparity in the police use of physical force, but this experience is rare for men of all races. Only 0.6 percent of black men experience physical force by the police in any given year, states Lemoine, compared to approximately 0.2 percent of white men. Granted, that is three times as often; however, this disparity is less likely to be the result of racial bias, as people commonly assume, than the fact that black men commit violent crimes at much higher rates than white men do.
Citing data from the National Crime Victimization Survey, Lemoine notes, that black men are three times as likely to commit violent crimes as white men. To the extent that cops are more likely to use force against people who commit violent crimes, which they surely are, this could easily explain the disparities we have observed in the rates at which the police use force. That's not to say that bias plays no role; I'm sure it does play one. But it's unlikely to explain a very large part of the discrepancy.
As for black Americans' own perceptions of how they are mistreated by the police, Lemoine points out that individuals can be trusted about their own personal experiences, but “when it comes to larger social phenomena,” other factors come into play besides just their personal experience – the media, for example, which is very influential in terms of perpetuating the false narrative about police brutality against blacks. For example, most Americans believe that crime in the U.S. has increased since the 1990s, despite an abundance of information that crime has actually fallen dramatically. “[I]f people of any color can be wrong about this,” reasons Lemoine, “there is no reason to think black people can't be wrong about the prevalence of police violence against minorities.”
His clear-eyed argument echoes the similarly fact-based presentation of Heather Mac Donald's recent, essential read, The War on Cops: How the New Attack on Law and Order Makes Everyone Less Safe. That sobering book warns that an “academic victimology industry” and a complicit media have stoked Black Lives Matter hatred of the police and propelled the current “anti-cop narrative to powerful mainstream status.”
Facts may be stubborn things, as John Adams said, but facts alone are not especially effective against a deeply entrenched, cultural narrative protected and promoted by forces such as the media. Smashing that false perception of an epidemic of police violence against black men will take a combination of the facts with an emotionally powerful counter-narrative – and enough minds that are receptive to truth.
Adobe Lightroom is many tools in one: a raw processor, a file organizer, a layout and printing program, and more. Lightroom's core functions are divided into "modules" that provide a variety of helpful tool sets based on the stages of the photographic post-processing workflow.
If you're new to Lightroom, here are a few resources to help you get started.
Recommended Lightroom Tutorials
Our Adobe Photoshop Lightroom Quickstart Beginner's Guide is a series of tutorials that covers the essentials. Check out Next-Level Lightroom: How to Go Beyond Import and Edit for a guide to more intermediate-level Lightroom tutorials.
Featured Course: Adobe Lightroom CC for Photographers
In this course, you'll learn to make Lightroom work for you in managing your digital images. We'll cover how to start your image collection, how to organize your photos, how to correct them so that they look their best, and more. If you've been considering Adobe Lightroom or are looking to sharpen your skills with the application, this course is for you.
Oculus Connect 2 was the best thing to happen to virtual reality (VR) since Palmer Luckey put the Oculus DK1 on Kickstarter. I wanted to share with you the highlights of the event so you too, can feel like you were there:
1) $99 Samsung Gear VR Headset: Mobile VR FTW
The Samsung Gear VR is by far the best mobile VR headset on the market today and during the Oculus Connect keynote speech, they announced that they will sell it for $99 and begin shipping on Black Friday. By finally making the best mobile VR headset affordable, you can expect to see a wave of new consumers entering into the market. The headset is 20% lighter than the previous Innovator's Edition, meaning it will be more portable than ever. The only potential downside is if you don't have a Samsung phone, you'll need to purchase a Samsung Galaxy Note 6, Galaxy S6 Edge+, Galaxy S6 or Galaxy S6 Edge. For more info on which phone to buy, go here.
2) Oculus Home Shows the Future of Content Distribution
John Carmack, CTO of Oculus and Co-Creator of Doom, has made it his personal mission to make the partnership between Oculus and Samsung successful. Carmack teamed up with two engineers from Netflix and built the Netflix app for Gear VR and the Rift in two days. He also poured his heart and soul into making Minecraft available for the platforms. During his keynote speech he admitted that if the deal didn't happen he was “going to cry.” Carmack went on to explain that “Minecraft was my quest. I thought it would be critically important to get it into VR.” Thanks to Carmack, 20.1M people who have bought the Minecraft desktop game, will now be itching to get their hands on playing it as if they were inside the world.
As of today on Oculus Home, you can also watch Twitch, rent movies from 20th Century Fox, Lionsgate Films, and stream videos on Vimeo, or Hulu. If you think watching any sort of 2D video content on the Gear VR is gimmicky, I can personally tell you that I'd rather watch Netflix on a Gear VR than on my TV: once you launch Netflix, the lights in the virtual theatre dim as the large screen melts into the background. Never again will you have to worry about the suns glare or light peeking in from the outside window. I can see people buying the Samsung Gear VR just for the movie viewing experience, especially those who travel.
3) Oculus Touch Shows Us the Future of VR But They Won't Be In Our Hands Anytime Soon
The controllers are smaller than any of the others in the market and are nearly as lightweight as a pencil. Once the Rift headset is on, your holographic blue hands shimmer in the background. Each gesture your hand makes in real life is captured in the virtual space and with a touch of any virtual object, the controller vibrates to transfer physical weight to your hands. The gestures are captured so perfectly that it tricks your brain into believing that the Touch hands are really yours. Downside? They won't ship to until Q2 2016.
The Oculus Touch controllers are perfect to use with Medium, their new 3D virtual reality sculpting tool for creators. Brendan Iribe, Oculus CEO, said that Medium is Oculus's “paint app” as it allows anyone to quickly create and model 3D objects. Because the Oculus Touch controllers are so lightweight, designing objects in Medium is intuitive and unobtrusive. VR game studio, Borrowed Light, wrote on their blog, “[Medium's] possibilities feel endless and I was very encouraged by the precision of the Touch controllers for dealing with these kinds of experiences.” Medium will surely revolutionize the 3D graphics and sculpting industry by allowing them to quickly iterate in ways that was not possible with 2D tools.
Epic Game's new sci-fi shooter game, Bullet Train, is the closest we've ever come to feeling like Neo from the Matrix. You can teleport to locations, slow down time, catch bullets mid-air and physically shoot two guns with your hands at the same time. With every pull of the trigger, the controller vibrates, causing the virtual world to collide with the real. This game is the future of what interactive VR gaming will become.
4) Oculus Is Making Social VR A Reality
The most incredible Oculus Touch demo is Toybox. Toybox is the first social virtual reality experience that brings true social presence into another world. What is social presence you ask? It's when you feel that you are truly in another world with someone else. When Toybox is released (unfortunately not until the Oculus Touch Controllers are released in Q2 2016), it will totally “change the face of online social interaction” as described by Greg Clayman, of Vimeo.
Once you put on the Rift, you are looking at another person, except all you see of that person is their holographic blue hands and head. Quickly, you forget that they are missing their body, as they pick up a ping-pong racket and begin to play ping-pong back and forth with you. One minute you are lighting up fireworks, next you are underwater and the 3D shapes that were once held by gravity are now floating towards the “surface”. As the demo came to a close, I did not want to leave; I wanted to stay exploring these various worlds with this stranger because I could do things that would never be possible in the real world. I can't wait for the world to try Toybox, it will change the way everyone thinks about VR.
Beyond Toybox, Oculus also announced that they will release their Social SDK 1.0 in Winter 2015. Users will then all have Oculus IDs, user profiles and have the ability to enter into various rooms with friends. For example, you'll be able to enter into a room and watch Twitch or movies with friends. They are also hoping to ship in-app purchases as well, which is great news for developers looking to make some cash for the Gear VR launch.
5) “Oculus Ready” Drops PC Prices To Under $1000
Although I am a VR enthusiast, I wasn't going to be able to afford the Rift because I'd have to shell out $1500 for an “Oculus Ready” computer before even buying the headset. Oculus' new partnership with Asus, Intel, Dell and Alienware, drops the price of an “Oculus Ready” computer to under $1000! You'll know a computer is “Oculus Ready” when you see an Oculus logo on any PC. This $500+ saving is a great distribution strategy for Oculus, as it will compel many, many more people to invest in a Oculus Ready computer and use the saved cash to buy the Rift!
6) VRScript Means Faster Prototyping of VR Apps
VRScript is a fast VR prototyping environment that uses the Scheme language to enable developers to build more rapidly for the Gear VR. Currently, when a developer makes any changes to their Gear VR app, they have to recompile the entire app, before seeing any of the changes. This compiles process can take minutes, which slows down the entire development iteration process. It won't be released for a few months, but when it does, Carmack hopes it motivates more developers to build for VR.
7) Acknowledgement of Cross-Platform Applications Was Non-Existent
Not once in the entire conference did any of the leaders mention the existence of other platforms or anything around the potential for future cross-platform interactions. All their social features, games, and worlds are for Oculus users only. It's like the game-console wars all over again. The VR community is one of the most sharing, collaborative communities that I've ever experienced, and for Oculus to completely shut off their platform to the other players (Vive, OSVR, Cardboard, etc), is the antithesis of what the community stands for. I hope this move compels the other big players to take a stance in the opposite direction and open their doors to any platform.
8) Goals for 2016 and Beyond
Michael Abrash, Chief Scientist at Oculus, said during his keynote that although we've come a long way making virtual reality, a reality, he reminded us that we have a lot to work towards:
Photo from UploadVR
So let's get to work and make 2016 the year for consumer virtual reality!
Last week, we caught up on the concept of "carryover" salary-cap figures, which allows NFL teams to push surplus space from one year to the next. Now, let's take a look at "dead money" for each team.
The term refers to the amount of space consumed by players no longer on the roster, whether they retired, were released or traded. All teams have some and most have learned how to avoid debilitating figures, but as the chart via ESPN's Roster Management System shows, there are five teams with at least $10 million in dead money.
The best way to think of that deficit is to subtract it from the team's adjusted cap number. Say a team has an adjusted figure of $130 million ($128 million cap plus $2 million in carryover) and $10 million in dead money. That team must fit its top 51 contracts into $120 million worth of space ($10 million subtracted from $130 million).
You'll see that the Carolina Panthers have an NFL-high $17.8 million in dead money, in part because they traded linebacker Jon Beason last season. Beason will count $8 million toward the Panthers' 2014 salary cap.
The chart is sorted by dead money, highest to lowest. The figures will change in the coming weeks as teams continue to adjust their rosters. You'll also see updated team-by-team salary-cap space (not counting carryover) as of Monday.
Despite the fact that there have been at least three recent robberies on the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART), which serves the San Francisco Bay area, BART refuses to release surveillance video of the incidents.
On April 22: Forty to 60 kids got on BART at the Coliseum stop and robbed seven passengers, beating up two; on June 28, four teenagers assaulted a passenger and stole a cell phone at Dublin.
And on June 30, a woman on a train with roughly a dozen teenagers was victimized by one who stole her phone before the group exited at the Coliseum stop.
According to Debora Allen, who is a member of the BART Board of Directors, BART's rationale for its refusal to release video footage was that “to release these videos would create a high level of racially insensitive commentary toward the district. And in addition it would create a racial bias in the riders against minorities on the trains.”
Allen emailed BART Assistant General Manager Kerry Hamill, “I don't understand what role the color of one's skin plays in this issue [of whether to divulge information]. Can you explain?”
Hamill responded, “If we were to regularly feed the news media video of crimes on our system that involve minority suspects, particularly when they are minors, we would certainly face questions as to why we were sensationalizing relatively minor crimes and perpetuating false stereotypes in the process. … My view is that the media's real interest in the videos of youth phone snatching incidents isn't the desire for transparency but rather the pursuit of ratings. They know that video of these events will drive clicks to their websites and viewers to their programs because people are motivated by fear.”
Allen argued that passengers were frightened, asking, “What is the priority of BART? Is the safety of the passenger — of all passengers — is that a lesser priority than the race bias issue?”
BART spokesman Taylor Huckaby stated that state law protecting “juvenile police records” prevents them from showing the surveillance video, even though at least one of the people arrested for the April 22 attack was 19 years old.
Meir Dagan, the recently retired chief of the Mossad, is enjoying a festive season in the limelight of public recognition and adoration. He is making his farewell rounds after nearly 100 months—eight years and three months—of service clouded in darkness and secrecy. Dagan is the second-longest-serving director of Israel's famous and feared foreign espionage agency. Only the legendary Isser Harel, who grabbed worldwide headlines when his agents caught the Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann in Argentina in 1960, served a lengthier tenure, three years more than Dagan.
Wherever Dagan goes, he gets standing ovations for his achievements. Two Sundays ago, Israeli cabinet ministers clapped their hands in appreciation. Four days later, Mossad employees shed tears when Dagan said goodbye and drove his gray 4-wheel-drive car through the gates of Mossad headquarters. Israeli journalists and commentators known for their unflattering, bitter, and cynical approach to nearly everything and everyone—journalists who, it should also be said, rarely had a chance to talk to him, not to mention to know him—are going out of their way to praise him.
“He is one of the best directors, if not the best one, Mossad has had in our 60 years or so of existence,” Ilan Mizrahi, a veteran case officer, told me last week. Mizrahi, who served as former Mossad Director Ephraim Halevy's deputy, found himself vying with Dagan in 2002 for the top job. He lost but now admits that “Meir restored Mossad's reputation and brought the organization to new levels.”
Indeed, Dagan has enjoyed the respect and admiration of three prime ministers—quite a feat when one considers who they were: Ariel Sharon, who appointed him as head of the organization in September 2002; Ehud Olmert, who approved some of the most daring Mossad operations in Iran and Syria; and Benjamin Netanyahu, who gave Dagan the permission to send his “combatants”—as Mossad operatives who operate in enemy lands are known—on the controversial Dubai mission to kill the chief of rockets procurement for Hamas, Mahmoud al-Mabhouh.
All three heads of state showered Dagan with unprecedentedly generous budgets—a fact obvious to anyone who drives the main road to Haifa. From a distance, one can see the well-guarded Mossad compound, which now includes a half-dozen new offices—all constructed during Dagan's era. More space means more case officers, more operatives, more researchers, more analysts, better computer and communication wizards, and also additional laboratories and technical gadgets.
But the new structures at Mossad headquarters are only the visible results of Dagan's tenure. His hidden legacy lies in the hundreds of covert operations for which neither the Mossad nor the government of Israel will ever claim responsibility. They have resulted in the slowing of Iran's nuclear program; in killing some of the most dangerous terrorists, including Imad Mughniyeh, who Dagan labeled “Hezbollah's chief of staff”; and—most impressively—the intelligence-gathering that led to the destruction, in minutes, of Syria's secret plutonium-producing nuclear reactor. This last effort has since become a test case of how precise intelligence data can be turned into a military result with strategic and historical implications.
Perhaps Dagan's best-publicized triumph, the Syrian operation showcased his ability to respond quickly, forcefully, and creatively to new threats—and to squeeze maximum advantage out of his successes. Because of President Bashar Assad's deception, for seven years no one—not Syrian ally Iran, not the CIA, neither French nor Israeli intelligence—had a clue about the North Korean-built reactor until April 2007, when Mossad agents discovered that Syria was within months of becoming a nuclear power. Dagan wasted little time. In September of that year, eight Israeli Air Force fighter planes and bombers destroyed the reactor. Israel never took responsibility for the attack. But Dagan's people showed photos of the reactor before and after its destruction to the CIA, which presented the intelligence to Congress, creating the impression that the CIA was somehow involved in the operation.
Dagan didn't stop there. One of the few Syrians who knew of the reactor was General Muhammad Sulliman, Assad's point man to North Korea, Iran, and Hezbollah in Lebanon. Nearly a year after the destruction of the reactor, on a Friday night in August 2008, while entertaining some guests, the general was shot dead at his chalet in the prestigious Rimal al-Zahabieh seafront resort, 10 miles north of the Mediterranean port city of Tartous. A sniper, apparently aboard a ship in the sea, shot Sulliman in the head.
***
Meir Dagan was born Meir Hoberman in 1945 in Novosibirsk, in the Soviet Union, the son of Holocaust survivors who later immigrated to Israel and settled their family in the Bat Yam, a poor town south of Tel Aviv. His grandparents perished in the Nazi gas chambers. On the wall of his Mossad office, Dagan hung a photo of a Jew surrounded by German troops before being led to his death; the man in the photo is his grandfather. It was a constant reminder of Dagan's mission in life, to defend Israel.
At 18, Dagan volunteered for the paratrooper brigade. In the early 1970s, Dagan, who by then had Hebraized his name from Hoberman, formed and commanded an undercover commando unit, known as Sayeret Rimon, whose task was to combat the increasing Palestinian insurgent violence in the occupied Gaza Strip. Wounded twice and decorated with military medals, Dagan rose to the rank of general and gained a reputation as a cunning planner of daring operations.
In 2002, Ariel Sharon, then the prime minister, appointed Dagan chief of Mossad. Dagan adored Sharon, who in turn treated the spy chief like his son; Sharon even gave the Mossad chief a nickname, “The Cruel,” to emphasize Dagan's determination against Israel's enemies and his self-confidence in the most dangerous situations. When Sharon fell into a coma in 2005, Dagan didn't hide his feelings about having lost his father-figure.
And yet, even with this intensely close relationship to his boss, Dagan's first two years as head of the Mossad were not all smooth sailing. According to a former Mossad official, Dagan sometimes behaved “like an elephant in a fine-china store.” Some old Mossad hands resented his managerial style, while others disliked the reforms and changes he made. But Dagan had Sharon's support, and he was, by many accounts, fiercely determined to lead the organization his way.
“Every organization and bureaucracy and its people don't like a new boss and the changes he brings with him,” Shabtai Shavit, the director of Mossad from 1989 to 1995, said in a recent interview. “Dagan managed with determination to change Mossad's priorities and to focus on two major fronts: Iran's nuclear program and its support for terrorist groups like Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and Hezbollah, and on the global war against Islamist terrorism inspired by Osama Bin laden and his al-Qaida.”
When I noted that previous Mossad chiefs—Shavit included—had more or less the same priorities, because the threats to Israel have been the same for nearly two decades, Shavit agreed. “But Dagan did it with unprecedented determination,” he said, “and succeeded to direct there all the organizational energy and effort, knowing how to distinguish between the hard core of the problems and the less important ones.”
Dagan concluded his term as Mossad chief by repeating publicly what he had said a few months ago in a secret session of the foreign affairs and security committee of the Knesset: Iran was still far from being capable of producing nuclear weapons, in part because a series of hardware malfunctions had put off its nuclear goal for several years. As a result, he concluded that Iran would not obtain a nuclear weapon before 2015—an estimate compatible with past and present U.S. national intelligence estimates.
This was frustrating for some, who argued that both the Mossad and Israel's military intelligence, the largest and the most important agency in the intelligence community, have recently zigzagged in their Iran estimates—tailoring them to Israeli diplomatic interests by hyping the threat. Indeed, Israeli estimates have always been alarmist—in 1993, the two agencies estimated that Iran would have nuclear weapons by 1998, an estimate then changed to 2003 and then pushed forward to 2008 and later to 2011 and now 2015—because their very aim is to insert a sense of urgency into what is often otherwise plodding effort. But even beyond this, the truth is that these adjustments have been due primarily to the difficulties Iran has encountered in advancing its program, which are two-fold: Iran's managerial and technical failure to fully master the difficult scientific and engineering process of uranium enrichment and weaponization; and the concerted international campaign to stop the Islamic Republic's nuclear ambitions.
Blame for the first lies with Iran; but credit for the second goes to Dagan, who spearheaded the international campaign. Dagan met regularly with his Western intelligence counterparts to present them with raw intelligence in order convince them that their organizations must keep Iran from procuring equipment for the program in their respective countries. He had more face-to-face meetings with President George W. Bush, at which he highlighted the Iranian threat, than the head of any other foreign intelligence organization. And on top of mobilizing his counterparts and Western leaders, Dagan led the Mossad into covert action against Iran. His agents collaborated with the CIA, British MI6, German BND, the French DGSE, and other security services to send operatives into companies around the globe to penetrate Iranian procurement networks, gain their trust, and eventually sell them flawed components. Simultaneously, Israeli, German, and U.S. computer experts programmed unprecedented viruses and worms, which were installed on Iranian systems and paralyzed its computers and controlling panels. The result is that nearly half of Iran's installed centrifuges at the Natanz plant came to halt, reducing Iran's ability to produce fissile materials.
But the most daring effort attributed to the Mossad was the set of assassinations in 2010 of leading Iranian scientists in Tehran, who were killed in three separate incidents by bombs that exploded while they were driving to their offices. Though the targets were nominally teachers at various Iranian universities, all secretly worked for Iran's nuclear military program. Two were killed, and one—Firudan Abbasi, a top expert of the weaponization group—was critically injured. Although the Mossad never takes credit for such assassination operations, the prevailing view around the globe, and especially in Iran, is that combatants from Mossad's special-ops unit, Kidon (which means “bayonet”), were responsible for the clean job. All the combatants returned home safely. All the targets were eliminated or removed. No fingerprints were left.
And the same can be said about the January 2010 assassination of al-Mabhouh in Dubai—even though the operation resulted in what was perhaps the Mossad's worst press ever. The conventional wisdom in Israel and abroad is that the Mossad botched the operation, because Dubai police deciphered and solved the mystery of al-Mabhoh's death. This was the argument made by Dubai's energetic police commissioner, General Dahi Khalfan, who blamed the Mossad for the operation and presented names and photos of roughly 20 supposed Mossad agents taken by security cameras both before and after the killing at various hotels and the local airport.
But there remains not one inch of evidence to support Khalfan's claim. The target, al-Mabhouh, was killed by poison. No one was arrested, and all combatants returned home safely. To this day, no one really knows who the assassins were or where they are today. They used fabricated or borrowed passports and credit cards, so there's little chance that they will be recognized. And a strong message of deterrence was sent to Hamas leadership, which suffered a major blow and is still in search of a suitable replacement for the experienced al-Mabhouh. They will eventually find one, but this is the nature of the war between a state and a terrorist organization: It is a war of mutual attrition, not one of knock-outs.
***
On January 6, Dagan handed over his job to Tamir Pardo. Over the past several weeks, Dagan has accompanied Pardo, who has 30 years' experience in the Mossad, to various Western capitals to introduce him to his counterparts. One trip abroad—to London, which publicly condemned Israel for using British passports in the Dubai operation—was of particular interest: It showed that whatever crisis there was between London and Jerusalem over Dubai is history.
In Dagan's several farewell addresses, one comment has been controversial. Dagan said that Israel should go to war only if attacked or in immediate danger of survival. In other words, Dagan is sending a clear message that Israel should avoid initiating a military strike against Iran. According to sources in the prime minister's office, Benjamin Netanyahu, who talks endlessly about Iran as an imminent existential threat to the Jewish state, doesn't like hearing this from Dagan. But the former Mossad leader has always spoken his mind.
Now he is off to spend time in his studio, painting and sculpting, ready to be engraved in the public memory as the Mossad director who restored its reputation as an omnipotent intelligence agency with a reach that extends to the ends of the earth. It is an impression that, mythical or not, has contributed to Israel's ability to deter its enemies. And that, after all, was Dagan's aim all along.
Yossi Melman is a senior writer on strategic affairs, intelligence, and nuclear issues for Haaretz. He is writing a book about the history of the Israeli intelligence community and the Mossad's wars in the last decade.
Yossi Melman is a longtime reporter on strategic affairs, intelligence, and nuclear issues. He is writing a book about the history of the Israeli intelligence community.
A flurry of threats last week had the whole region fearing a new Korean War was about to break out, but Monday gave way to at least a bit of an attempt by everyone involved to revisit the possibility of diplomacy.
That's not to say that diplomacy is any more imminent this week than war was last week, but as North Korea put its Guam missile launches on hold, US officials against made it very clear they were at least open o a resolution that didn't involve nuclear war.
North Korea's Kim Jong-un said that US should show itself to be committed to an alternative to the conflict, while US officials continued to reiterate how ready they were for war. Either way, both sides agree it was entirely the other side's fault, and that it's entirely up to the other side to stop the provocations.
South Korea's President Moon Jae-in, another advocate of diplomacy, reiterated today that he believes it vital to resolve the dispute peaceful, and pointedly warned the US not to carry out any military action without South Korea's consent.
China also appears to be trying to engage internationally, moving ahead with UN-imposed sanctions ahead of schedule, which might give them an opportunity to push the United States to agree to more engagement.
That's been a struggle for China all year, as they'd banned coal imports from North Korea before in an effort to sell the United States on direct diplomacy, only for the US to reject all diplomatic proposals. It may be that the diplomatic proposals will seem more compelling for the US at this point.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
publico.es
Catalunya
Els “Comuns” encaran su asamblea fundacional con más problemas de organización que de programa
17/03/2017 | María de Delàs
Catalunya
Els “Comuns” encaran su asamblea fundacional con más problemas de organización que de programa
El conflicto en torno a cuestiones organizativas es lo que más trasciende en estos momentos del proceso de confluencia para la formación de un nuevo sujeto político catalán. Una vez más parece que las discrepancias de orden administrativo se imponen por encima del debate sobre propuestas políticas, también entre los defensores de la llamada 'nueva política'. Un desacuerdo sobre el método de elección de los órganos provisionales de dirección pone en peligro la participación de Podem en el nuevo partido. La pregunta obvia es si detrás de esta discusión hay algo más que un problema de reglamentos.
Entre la militancia de los partidos que participan en la confluencia política (BComú, Podemos, ICV y EUiA) y entre las personas que han participado en el proceso participativo previo a la fundación de la nueva organización no parece que se defiendan posiciones programáticas contrapuestas. Más bien al contrario. Salvo el ámbito de defensa de la soberanía nacional de Catalunya, en el que se han puesto de manifiesto "posiciones diversas", lo que se aprecia es más bien un gran consenso ideológico. Dentro de cada una de las fuerzas que deberían integrar el nuevo espacio político lo que sí hay es una discusión entre independentistas y partidarios de nuevas y diferentes formas "de relación entre Catalunya y España".
Marc Parés, coordinador de la "ponencia cero" para la preparación de la asamblea fundacional del próximo 8 de abril señala la voluntad de "buscar un punto de consenso sobre el tema nacional". Afirma que nadie discute "la necesidad de superar el régimen del 78" y de "caminar hacia un nuevo escenario", "porque la situación actual es insostenible". "Nos une la defensa de la soberanía nacional de Catalunya", explica.
"No negamos la existencia de una continua movilización", dice, en relación a las grandes convocatorias de signo independentista. "Hay que dar salida" a esta demanda, "con una respuesta desde el soberanismo". "Compartimos la demanda de soberanía para que Catalunya pueda decidir", afirma, pero al mismo tiempo constata la existencia de "dos realidades", que se deben tener en cuenta para "crear una nueva hegemonía".
"Nos queremos dirigir a una mayoría social, la movilizada en el proceso soberanista y la que no".
Parés hace hincapié en la necesidad de representar "la mayoría social que ha visto empeorar sus condiciones de vida" como consecuencia de políticas que han favorecido el enriquecimiento de las élites.
No cree que las discrepancias que han aparecido con una de las cuatro fuerzas de la confluencia, Podem, "puedan tener nada que ver con la cuestión nacional ni con el proyecto político" del nuevo partido. Son conscientes, sin embargo, que son diferentes las raíces sociales de cada una de las fuerzas y que tampoco son las mismas las preocupaciones y sensibilidades de sus bases.
Desde Podem también se afirma la coincidencia programática con el resto de actores políticos del nuevo espacio, pero tienen conciencia de que entre sus bases "hay gente a la que no preocupa el hecho nacional" y que sobre to-do tiene la vista puesta en "la política estatal"
Joan Giner, diputado de CatSiqueesPot y dirigente de Podem implicado en la construcción del nuevo espacio, explica a Públic que dentro de su partido "hay de todo sobre el tema nacional" pero que "estratégicamente" lo que más les preocupa es cómo "interpelar a las clases populares de este país "para lograr la hegemonía, teniendo en cuenta" que hay mucha gente a la que no le preocupa "la aspiración central de los independentistas.
Las base de Podem deben decidir esta semana, a partir de este jueves, a través de una consulta interna, en qué condiciones organizativas están dispuestos a participar en la construcción del nuevo partido con ICV, BComú y EUiA, y aunque no to-dos constaten la inexistencia de discrepancias ideológicas sustanciales, el resultado puede modificar seriamente las perspectivas inmediatas de la nueva formación, tanto por lo que se refiere a la militancia como a las posibilidades de construir "una fuerza ganadora".
De hecho, los partidos de la confluencia, agrupados en las candidaturas de En Comú Podem ya han demostrado que pueden ser una "fuerza ganadora", en las dos últimas elecciones de diputados al Congreso.
Joan Giner afirma que ahora lo que está en juego es "una nueva forma de hacer política", "Una nueva metodología", que "debe ir más allá de los despachos de los partidos, sin dejar de contar con ellos".
"Superación del capitalismo"
Más de 4.000 personas han participado en los últimos dos meses en las asambleas territoriales y reuniones sectoriales preparatorias de la asamblea fundacional del nuevo sujeto político catalán, y en algunas de las mismas, sobre todo en comarcas, se han producido tomas de posición a favor de evaluar las posibilidades de confluencia también con la CUP para ensanchar la base del nuevo partido.
Marc Parés, que en conversación telefónica con Públic, ha insistido en que el nuevo partido apuesta por "la superación del capitalismo", ha marcado distancias con la CUP, que se declara "anticapitalista pero no hace una propuesta superadora", porque según él no tienen una "ambición clara de gobierno" y se conforman con jugar un papel "fuera de las instituciones".
"Nos unen muchas cosas" con la CUP explica Parés, pero añade que ellos lo que buscan son respuestas a las preocupaciones del 90 por ciento de la población, mientras que la CUP se dirige a sectores que considera "minoritarios".
Parés habla de una "propuesta alternativa" al capitalismo, "orientada al bien común", que ponga en pie "políticas redistributivas, pero también predistributivas", que "actúe sobre las causas de las desigualdades y no sólo sobre las consecuencias".
Joan Giner señala que la CUP tiene alcaldes y no cree por tanto que no tenga voluntad de gobernar. Reconoce la existencia de coincidencias programáticas con la CUP, pero afirma que la lucha por la hegemonía desde el independentismo está muy bien pero que hay una parte importante de la sociedad a la que no le preocupa el proceso y lo observa con indiferencia.
Listas y secretario general, de consenso
Los 52.000 inscritos de Podemos votarán entre este jueves y el próximo sábado sobre la aceptación o rechazo de las condiciones que su dirección plantea el fin de participar en la asamblea fundacional del nuevo partido, con ICV, BComú y EUiA: un sistema proporcional de elección de la dirección basado en listas abiertas, la participación de todos los inscritos en Podemos y la aprobación de un código ético común.
Fuentes de la confluencia consultadas por Públic, insisten en que toda la gente de Podem podrá votar, como todo el mundo que lo quiera hacer, entre los días 1 y 8 de abril, pero es necesario que se inscriban en el registro de 'Un País en comú'. Señalan, además, que lo que se propone desde la confluencia ya es un sistema de votación de listas abiertas y que las personas que entrarán en la dirección "serán las más votadas y no un equipo entero que deja fuera otro".
Sin embargo, lo que sí preparan los que están de acuerdo es una lista de consenso, así como el nombre del secretario general, que con toda probabilidad será Xavier Domènech.
Consenso para la elección de 30 personas por la Ejecutiva y 120 por el Consell Nacional.
En estas listas habrá personas de los partidos en confluencia. Se formuló una propuesta según la cual cada uno de los cuatro partidos podría tener cuatro personas en la Ejecutiva y los dieciséis restantes serían en su mayor parte personas independientes.
Marc Parés ha explicado a Públic que tanto la Executiva como el Consell Nacional serán organismos provisionales, transitorios, porque se encuentran en un "momento fundacional", y ha confirmado la voluntad de que la mayoría de miembros de la Executiva sean "independientes".
¿Quién podrá votar?
Lo que no se considera posible, según las fuentes de la confluencia consultadas por Públic, es que los militantes de los partidos puedan tener por el hecho de serlo derecho a votar sin inscripción en el nuevo registro, porque legalmente no es posible hacer una migración de datos, que pondría en cuestión la protección de los mismos.
Joan Giner cree que "no hay problema con el tema del censo, porque el tema se puede resolver con un "aplicativo" desde la web de participación de Podemos, que permita acceder a "las cabinas de votación" que se encuentran en un servidor que permite diferentes accesos. De este modo, según ellos, con "la aceptación previa de las condiciones para pasar de un web a otro" podría votar más gente.
"Si no se fían, hablemos", dice Giner, "pero la seguridad es la misma".
Margen de negociación
"Esto no se para, pase lo que pase con Podem el nuevo espacio se creará", afirma Marc Parés, que descarta la posibilidad de entendimiento posterior a través de una coalición. "No es un escenario posible".
Giner tampoco quiere hablar de esta posibilidad, apoyada por un sector minoritario de Podemos. "Es necesario que el nuevo sujeto nazca fuerte". "Ahora no nos planteamos ninguna coalición. Hablamos de si abrimos un nuevo espacio político y si hay soberanía de cada organización. Tenemos voluntad de llegar a un acuerdo a toda costa", asegura. Y si en la consulta que hacen a las bases de Podem aprueban las condiciones que defiende su dirección, "ofreceremos negociación", dice.
El tema del código ético no parece un elemento bloqueante en estos momentos, porque ya han intercambiado dos documentos, y si no aparecen discrepancias sustanciales parece que se pueden poner de acuerdo en temas tales como la limitación de sueldos, la limitación de mandatos, la prohibición del endeudamiento del partido, la negativa a la profesionalización de la política, la feminización y la democratización de la representación política a través de mecanismos de rendición de cuentas.
Los inscritos que finalmente voten también deberán elegir el nombre del nuevo partido. Hay cuatro propuestas de momento: En Comú Podem, Catalunya en Comú, En Comú y Comuns.
16/03/2017
http://www.publico.es/politica/els-comuns-encaran-asamblea-fundacional.html
About
Landfall is an occult grimdark fantasy shared world serial anthology created, written, and managed by some of the premier talents in dark fantasy and horror.
Landfall will be led by creative talents Jesse Bullington, Michael R. Fletcher, Anna Smith-Spark, Luke Scull, Max Booth III, Richard Lee Byers, and Angela Meadon, and backed by the Dirge Magazine and Grimdark Magazine teams alongside staff writers and shared world management experts.
Landfall will be a character-driven serial anthology with each author taking on a point of view to show you a dark new world of bitterness, horror, and betrayal.
The Landfall serial anthology will consist of approximately 16 episodes of 7,000 words set in an occult grimdark fantasy world created by our team.
The story will be tightly written around a small group of primary characters, with each author taking on a single point of view to tell the story.
Under the direction of Warhammer 40,000 alumni Matthew Ward, our massive world has already been created and thoroughly fleshed out. We have our story, our characters, and the right team in place to deliver a darkly imaginative and engaging serial.
Find out more about the project when the Grim Tiding s Podcast interviews the team: click here to listen in.
We've assembled a crack team of authors to take you to Landfall.
Luke Scull ( The Grim Company )
) Jesse Bullington ( Sad Tale of the Brothers Grossbart , The Crimson Empire )
, ) Michael R. Fletcher ( Beyond Redemption )
) Anna Smith-Spark ( The Court of Broken Knives )
) Richard Lee Byers ( Forgotten Realms , Wizards of the Coast )
, ) Max Booth III ( The Nightly Disease )
) Angela Meadon (Strong Medicine)
Each author brings with them years of experience in delivering the kind of fiction we love to read.
We want you to experience Landfall visually as well as reading about it. Our artist team will add even further life to Landfall.
Jason Deem ( Evil is a Matter of Perspective interior art, Grimdark Magazine )
interior art, ) Shawn King ( Ragnarok Publications , Vault Books , Evil is a Matter of Perspective cover design and layout)
, , cover design and layout) Alexandra Moehagen ( Harper Voyager cartographer artist)
cartographer artist) Tommy Arnold ( Evil is a Matter of Perspective cover artist)
cover artist) Pen Astridge (Evil is a Matter of Perspective animator)
There are a whole bunch of support staff that'll help bring this together:
Creative Director: Jinx Strange ( Dirge Magazine )
) Creative Director: Adrian Collins ( Grimdark Magazine )
) Fiction Editor: Mike Myers ( Grimdark Magazine )
) Lore / World Manager: Matthew Ward ( Warhammer 40,000 )
) Community management and marketing: Tom Smith ( Grimdark Magazine )
) Community management and marketing: Rob Matheny (The Grim Tidings Podcast, Grimdark Fiction Readers & Writers)
This is important.
We recognise that projects such as Evil is a Matter of Perspective and Blackguards funded entire juicy anthologies with just $20,000USD funding. We need much more. There's a good reason it's costing us nearly double to create Landfall.
With a standard print anthology, a publisher purchases the right to publish / sell / profit from the author's intellectual property for an exclusive and non-exclusive period of time in return for a fee or royalty. The world, the characters, the story--it all belongs to the author forevermore. A publisher is just leasing the content.
For the production of Landfall, we asked our team to build a world, characters, and stories, as work-for-hire writers selling everything they create to us. Omnicide Publishing will own the intellectual property, which will enable us to continue to provide more and more seasons, stories, novellas, and hopefully novels to you, the fans. Even if a writer team member decides to move on to another project we'll be able to add new writers, do parallel spin off seasons by adding new writer teams--there are huge possibilities, but only if we own the content from start to finish.
So, when you have some fantasy and horror's most interesting world builders create a world--land, religions, peoples, magic, monsters, scenery, flora, fauna, everything you see in a world-class novel--you need to pay them accordingly (especially as we want them along on the ride for as long as possible). We've done our best to provide an achievable financial target with what we consider fair pay to the team responsible for creating the world. We then need to pay them for the stories / episodes they write. This is costly, and why it's going to take $35,000USD to bring Landfall to life.
Below is a quick taste of what that $35,000USD has bought us, and you.
Three hundred of us landed in Atonement with a few bags of mouldering seeds and a book on farming and hunting. The priest got drunk on the first night and left it out in the rain. Everyone wanted to string him up. I wanted the booze.
When our rusted muskets worked, they failed to drop even the slowest prey. Most times the powder was damp. Our traps remained empty, our children wasted away and we buried our dead in the mud. I won't talk about what grew on their graves.
The wolf, three hundred pounds of muscle, found me staggering through the forest with my useless musket. In its monstrous mouth, hung a fat rabbit.
I dropped the rifle, preparing to run and by god if the beast didn't raise an eyebrow as if to say, “No you don't.”
I froze.
The wolf swung its head, tossing the rabbit at my feet. Eyes fixed on mine, it gently scooped up my musket in its jaws and left.
Atonement celebrated me as a hero though I'd lost one of our precious few working guns. But even the biggest rabbit won't feed three hundred souls. My son was skin-wrapped bone.
Days later, the wolf found me again. It carried a good-sized piglet. The beast glanced at my boots. I removed them and I threw the rotten things to it. Dropping the piglet, the wolf collected my boots and left.
Again I was a hero. The master hunter.
Over the next month I brought it clothes, tools, and even a bag of mouldy seeds. And it brought meat. But one man can't feed an entire town. We buried friends and family and avoided their graves.
What more could I bring the beast? One morning, after my watch, I saw Saran's girl, Karla, alone on the porch, skeletal, eyes dead. Three months on the ship had broken her mind.
Oh god I hate myself.
I brought her into the forest, to the wolf. A doe lay at its paws. The beast took Karla's arm in gentle jaws and led her away.
What have I done?
The town hailed me Hero of Atonement. My boy got the choicest cut of meat. My wife told me how proud she was.
Saran cried great tearing sobs. Guilt ate me.
For a week I brought the wolf weapons, clothes, seeds and tools. Each time it glared, and gave me nothing. I knew what it wanted.
I promised to help Saran find her girl. I led her into the woods. The wolf waited, two deer lying dead. Saran turned white and fainted. The beast dragged her away.
The priest, that drunken bastard, eyed me with suspicion, questions: “Why does god bless you? Why do you always hunt alone?” I promised to bring him on my next hunt.
The wolf was there as always. Karla rode its back. She wore my rotting boots, huge on her small feet, and one of my old shirts. Her eyes were feral, uncomprehending.
The priest panicked and ran. A score of wolves gave chase in eerie silence. Had they always been there?
The wolf left me six deer, a score of fat rabbits, and three pigs. Willis's boy helped me cart the kills.
But how could I explain my success? The missing priest?
Who would I bring into the forest next?
- Michael R. Fletcher
Keep an eye on this space. We'll be announcing plenty of goodies achieved from the Stretch Goal list.
We've team has come up with short series of stretch goals to make every dollar count in content for you. If we manage to hit these lofty heights, we'll add more stretch goals as we go to make sure what what we collect is being channelled back to you through product.
$37,000USD / 48,200AUD - INTERIOR ART
Jason Deem will create a 1/3rd page black and white artwork for the title page of each episode in the print version of Landfall.
$42,000USD / $56,000AUD - ADDITIONAL NOVELLA
Michael R. Fletcher will write a 15,000 word prequel novelettes to be included in both the print and e-book serial anthology editions. Jason Deem will provide an additional piece of interior art to go with it.
$48,100 USD / $64,000AUD - AUTHOR PAY BUMP
We value our authors and we want to contribute as best we can to helping them make a living doing what they do best. All contributing authors will receive a $0.02 per word pay bump.
There are a range of additional extras you can pick from when the project funds and you move into your Backerkit account to allocate your pledge to the products you want. To add the below items to your order, simply increase your bid by the below amounts, and then select the products you want when you get into your Backerkit account after the funding period is completed.
You can also add these items after the initial funding period directly into your backerkit.
$10USD Adopt a Penitent
Bring Landfall to life and adopt one of the sodden souls of Atonement. The character you adopt will become a real part of the world, and will go into a bank of characters for writers to use as they see fit.
Will your hunter participate in a daring rescue? Will your baker go insane from spore-infused flour and end up starting a cannibal sex cult? They could become a tertiary or secondary character or even a protagonist or villain, as characters take on a life of their own. Who knows?
But you will get special acknowledgement in the season if we use your character!
*Note that this level does not guarantee you a cameo in the story. Each author will pick and choose the characters they need from the "Red Shirt pool" as they see fit. It does guarantee you a backstory and the potential to be used in any season of Landfall ongoing. For a guaranteed experience, backstory and portrait, see our limited Tuckerisation pledge level.
MANILA, Philippines – Freddie Roach is open to the idea of bringing in Miguel Cotto, who also trains under him, to the same camp as Manny Pacquiao in preparation for the Filipino icon's fight with Chris Algieri in Macau on Nov. 23.
Cotto and Pacquiao have a history together, having fought each other in an entertaining welterweight bout in 2009. Pacquiao stopped the Puerto Rican in 12 rounds, turning out to be one of the fighting congressman's greatest wins.
The two fighters have been good friends since, and Cotto even ended up training also under Roach and getting his career back on track.
“They get along great,” Roach told Michael Woods of the thesweetscience.com, referring to his two prized wards.
Cotto though still has no fight lined up after his impressive victory over Sergio Martinez last month for the WBC middleweight title.
Pacquiao, meanwhile, is expected train in the Philippines for Algieri, since Macau is just a couple of hours away from here.
Roach plans to set up camps in Manila and Pacquiao's hometown of General Santos. Cotto could end up training at either of those too.
But Pacquiao and Cotto won't be working out at the same time.
“I would separate the times of the workouts. Because Miguel's always on time and Manny's always late,” the bespectacled trainer said.
“I haven't talked to Miguel about it yet, but he likes traveling a little bit,” he added.
(NOTE: Story has been updated to include revised scheduled for July 11)
All 11 of the Detroit Red Wings 2017 draft picks will be among at least 45 players attending the club's annual development camp next month in Traverse City, the team announced Friday.
The camp runs from July 7-11 at Centre I.C.E Arena.
First-round pick Michael Rasmussen will be in attendance along with the rest of the 2017 draftees - defensemen Gustav Lindstrom, Kasper Kotkansalo, Malte Setkov, Cole Fraser and Reilly Webb; forwards Lan Zablocki, Zach Gallant, Jack Adams and Brady Gilmour; and goaltender Keith Petruzzelli.
NHL Draft 17: Detroit Red Wings emphasize size, defense on Day 2 Eight of Detroit's 10 picks on second day of draft are 6-1 or taller.
Also on hand will be defenseman Dennis Cholowski, the Red Wings first-round pick in 2016; forward Giavani Smith, defenseman Fikip Hronek and goalie Filip Larsson from the draft class of 2016; forward Dylan Sadowy, who was acquired last year in a trade with San Jose; and defenseman Vili Saarijarvi and goalie Joren von Pottelberghe from the draft class of 2015.
Two of the Red Wings recent free agent signings, defenseman Libor Sulak and goalie Matej Machovsky, will also be in attendance. Sulak played for the Czech Republic in this year's World Championship and Machovsky played for the same country in the 2016 World Championship.
The 45 players - 21 forwards, 18 defensemen and six goalies - will be divided in two teams named after Red Wings veterans Henrik Zetterberg and Niklas Kronwall.
The players will take part in daily workouts both on and off the ice and will receive instruction in nutrition and weight training as well as other areas that can help in their transition or development as pro hockey players.
The camp, which will be conducted by coaches from the Red Wings minor-league affiliates in Grand Rapids and Toledo, is not meant to evaluate players.
Admission is $5 per day and tickets will be available only at Centre I.C.E.
According to the daily schedule released by the Red Wings, players will be on the ice from 11 a.m.-1:50 p.m. July 7; 11 a.m.-12:50 p.m. July 8; 11 a.m. for a scrimmage July 9; 9:45 a.m.-1:45 p.m. July 10; and 9:45 a.m-1:30 p.m. July 11.
Additional players could be invited to the camp before it begins. Here's a breakdown of the players who have accepted invitations to attend.
Red Wings sign Czech defenseman Libor Sulak The 6-foot-3, 207-pound free agent played professionally in Austria the past two seasons.
Forwards - Jack Adams, Christoffer Ehn, Mattias Elfstrom, Zach Gallant, Brady Gilmour, Chase Pearson, David Pope, Michael Rasmussen, Dylan Sadowy, Givani Smith, Lane Zablocki, Oliver Castleman, Luke Esposito, Isaac Johnson, Sean Josling, Luke Kutkevicius, Tommy Marchin, Michael Pastujov, Dominik Shine, Graham Slaggert, Brett Supinski.
Defenseman - Dennis Cholowski, Cole Fraser, Patrick Holway, Filip Hronek, Kasper Kotkansalo, Gustav Lindstrom, Alfons Malmstrom, Vili Saarijarvi, Jordan Sambrook, Malte Setkov, Libor Sulak, Reilly Webb, Tomas Dvorak, Mitch Eliot, Evan Fiala, Adam Larkin, Patrick McCarron and Alex Peters.
Goalies - Filip Larsson, Matej Machovsky, Keith Petruzzelli, Chase Perry, Joren van Pottelberghe, Kaden Fulcher.
The lead poisoning problems of Flint, Michigan are well known, but did you know there's a South Bend neighborhood where kids have elevated lead levels that are six times greater?
The revelation came recently as the Reutter's news agency crunched some numbers and opened some eyes across the country.
“Surveyed I think thousands of census tracts and talked to people in a lot of communities, South Bend was one of them. 31 percent, I believe, of children tested between 2005 and 2015 (in Census District Six) according to the data that surfaced in that research showed some kind of elevated blood level,” said Mayor Pete Buttigieg, (D) South Bend.
The South Bend neighborhood put under the microscope is known as Census District Six on the city's near northwest side running between Portage and Lincolnway West.
While Flint's problems with lead are linked to the public drinking water supply, South Bend's are being blamed on exposure to lead based paint.
“This is not about water,” said Mayor Buttigieg. “As a matter of fact the water in South Bend is in great shape.”
Mayor Buttigieg says the latest city water tests in Census District Six revealed a maximum lead contamination level of 3.7 parts per billion, while 15 parts per billion is where the threat to health begins.
Meantime, today in Census District Six, paint could be seen peeling on the outside of numerous homes and officials suspect that the same thing is going on inside.
“In one case recently, we found out that the children sleeping in bunk beds, the one that was the highest one was peeling off the paint from the ceiling,” said St. Joseph County Health Officer Luis Galup.
Officials say South Bend has a lot of older homes that were built before lead paint was banned in 1978 and those homes ted to be in low income neighborhoods where families don't have the cash for upkeep.
“I live very close to Census Tract Six, I live in an old house, I'm thinking twice about some of these things now,” said Mayor Buttigieg. ”And because we do have a lot of areas of relatively low income and older houses, that means that a community like South Bend faces some risks.”
Resources to deal with local lead problems have come and gone, but are now said to be at an historic low. “Unfortunately we used to have ten public health nurses, and at the present we only have five,” said Dr. Galup.
The LA Galaxy are back at home for a Saturday night matchup with Sporting KC. And while most teams might be ecstatic to be playing in their own stadium, the Galaxy's home record might lead you to believe they'd rather be on the road. Through 15-games the Galaxy are 5-2-1 away from Los Angeles and just 1-3-3 at home. That includes a last-minute draw with the Houston Dynamo last week that really should have ended up in a loss.
Overall the Galaxy are 6-5-4 (22 points) and in fifth place in the Western Conference (11th overall) headed into this weekend's match. The Galaxy have scored the ninth most goals in the league with 24 (Romain Alessandrini has been involved in 17 of those goals) and they're on an eight-game unbeaten streak (4-0-4) including a midweek win over the Colorado Rapids.
Their opponent, SKC are 7-4-6 (27 points) and are tops in the West, but have also played two more games than the Galaxy. They're coming off a scoreless draw to the San Jose Earthquakes over the weekend and were not one of the ten MLS teams to play a midweek game on Wednesday.
GAME INFO : Saturday, June 24th, 7:30 PM
: Saturday, June 24th, 7:30 PM TV INFO: SpectrumSN, SpectrumDeportes
SKC is sporting the best defense in the league and has conceded just 11 goals over their 17 games. That's half as many goals as the Galaxy have given up in their 15 games.
“I know they're a very good team. They don't concede a lot of goals,” Galaxy head coach Curt Onalfo told reporters after training on Friday. “They've given up the fewest goals in MLS and they're the team in MLS that has possessed the ball the most. That lets you know that they're a very good team. But so are we.”
The Galaxy will need to be a good team especially in midst of an extremely busy schedule with injuries still causing a major concern for the club. They play on Saturday at home in MLS play before playing a Wednesday game in the US Open Cup against Sacramento FC at the StubHub Center Track & Field Stadium. They'll then face off against the San Jose Earthquakes on July 1st before hosting Real Salt Lake on July 4th at home.
INJURIES AND ABSENCES
Raul Mendiola is expected to be available for selection after not being available for previous games. CoG was told there was no injury and that he just wasn't available.
Giovani dos Santos is still away on international duty with the Mexican National Team and probably won't return until the after the Galaxy's July 4th game with Real Salt Lake.
Jermaine Jones might finally be available after sustaining a Grade 2 MCL Tear/Sprain back on May 6th. It's been seven weeks since his injury and 35-year old midfielder still isn't back on the field. The club had originally quoted a 3-4 week recovery time for Jones but he's now approaching almost double that time.
“We need to talk to the training staff and make a decision how we utilize him or if we utilize him,” Onalfo told reporters with regards to Jones.
But Jelle Van Damme isn't letting those injuries hijack the conversation: “If you see the injuries we have, and we had and still have, most of the guys are guys that normally should be starters… The young guys stepped up, did very well. So it's up to us to keep it going and try to stay in that positive moment – that positive flow. I think there was a bit of an issue or whatever that we didn't have enough players in the depth of the team. I think that everybody proved them wrong.”
Will they continue to prove people wrong about how much depth this team has? This game might go a long way to making that argument. But it'll have to be another perfectly executed game plan that gets it done.
LINEUP CHOICES
The Galaxy, who started a club-record five Homegrown Players against the Rapids on Wednesday, might need to dig into that well again.
Jack McBean scored twice going 90-minutes for the club and did enough to reprise his starting role. It wouldn't be surprising to see him get the nod against SKC in hopes he'll continue his scoring.
But just as Onalfo waited until the second half to bring in Alessandrini, he might have to rotate more of the squad. Joáo Pedro seems a likely candidate as he's played only 36-minutes shy of every single game (15 games played, 15 starts). While he's young, at 23-years old, even the youngsters need a break on occasion.
Alessandrini should return to a starting role and don't be surprised if you see some of the guys who were instrumental in the Galaxy's midweek win (Jose Villarreal, Jaime Villarreal, and Bradford Jamieson IV) get some second half minutes.
Clement Diop will be the starter in goal until Brian Rowe recovers from injury. But to this point, that hasn't happened.
Ashley Cole, Van Damme, Dave Romney and Nate Smith should also be in their normal positions.
GETTING RESULTS AT HOME
But the Galaxy looks to be ready to break through at home. And despite the fact that they're playing the best team in the Western Conference, they're not really separated by that much from the visitors.
“I don't think we have to change that much. Just a different approach,” Van Damme told reporters just after training had ended. “When we're home we have a big field so it depends on the other team and the way they play. So it's up to us to find the key to keep the ball, get some space in between the other team, and try to move the other team – let them run – and be dangerous.
“I think we need a big game tomorrow. Like I said before, it's time to put those results, as well, in our home games. We had a very good home record last season and the year before. So it's up to us to get that record back.”
Van Damme is adamant the Galaxy can right the ship at home. And with all the momentum the youngsters were able to provide over the last 90-miutes, it's time for the entire club to feel positive in front of their home fans. “I have a feeling we have more and more fans coming out as well. So it's up to us to keep that going.”
Comments
comments
Governor of the Bank of England Mark Carney | Pool photo by Niklas Halle'n/AFP via Getty Images Mark Carney: Brexit no longer the biggest UK financial threat
Brexit is no longer the biggest risk to the U.K.'s financial stability, Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said.
Speaking before the House of Commons' Treasury Select Committee at his first hearing of the year, Carney said that as things currently stand, "financial stability risks around [the EU exit] process are greater on the Continent than they are in the U.K."
According to the governor this is because there is a "tremendous" financial services capacity in Britain and even though there will be shortfalls at the point of leaving, these are "more likely to affect Europe."
Although the BoE had indicated before the June 23 EU referendum that leaving the bloc was the biggest short-term risk to the U.K.'s financial stability, Carney explained that the view has now changed because the country was able to cope with the vote result, partly thanks to the contingency steps taken by the central bank.
"We got through the night and the day after ... the scale of the immediate risks around Brexit has gone down for the U.K.," he said.
Support us! GearJunkie may earn a small commission from affiliate links in this article. Learn more
Many cyclists and runners avoid paths that aren't lit at night due to the inherent risk of potholes, cracks and lurking boogiemen. A new technology out of the United Kingdom provides a new way to light up the darkness.
Called Starpath, the alternative to street lighting absorbs and stores energy from the sun's UV rays during the day. At night the surface releases the energy, allowing the particles to glow in the dark.
According to an article from Road.cc, the world's first glow-in-the-dark rec path surface is being tested at a city park in Cambridge, UK. The article notes that the concept, if successful, could be implemented elsewhere in the city as an alternative to streetlights on foot and bike paths.
The application process is described in this video:
Starpath comes from the British company Pro-Teq. It's a spray-on technology that can be applied over concrete, tarmac or any solid surface to give it a teal colored glow at night. In addition to its luminous look, it also has anti-slip properties and is non-reflective.
“This product adjusts to the natural light, so if it is pitch black outside the luminous natural earth enhances, and if the sky is lighter, it won't release as much luminosity,” Hamish Scott, owner of Pro-Teq Surfacing writes on his company's website. “It adjusts accordingly, is almost like it has a mind of its own. Further, the surface is environmentally friendly and aesthetically pleasing.”
While it's too soon to tell if the Starpath will become an alternative to streetlights, as a cyclist I'd love to see a glow-in-the-dark path like this along my commute at night.
—Amy Oberbroeckling
Several thousand people are estimated to have marched through central Auckland to protest the Israeli ground invasion of Gaza, which, along with previous airstrikes, have resulted in over 300 deaths in under two weeks' time.
LIVE UPDATES: Israel launches ground incursion in Gaza Strip
Marchers with umbrellas, placards and Palestinian flags in hand took to the heart of New Zealand's most populous city to show solidarity with the people of Gaza on Saturday. Estimates range between several hundred and several thousand attendees, though footage posted by OccupyNZ indicates the latter figure is likely more accurate.
Big turnout for Free Gaza protest in central Auckland pic.twitter.com/EVKZypFXUk — Katie Bradford (@katieabradford) July 19, 2014
Chants of “Free, free Palestine!” and “One, two three, four, we don't want your bloody war!” rang out through the streets as a large black and white banner with the phrase ‘Free Palestine' headed up the procession down Queens Street.
Many held placards with phrases like ‘All children desire peace' and ‘Free Gaza.'
Some, however, were far more acerbic in their criticism, defacing the Israeli flag with a swastika or juxtaposing the Star of David with the Nazi symbol to protest Israeli policy in the region.
There were also calls to shut down the Israeli embassy in the city.
A counter-demonstration was also held, though no violent altercations were reported when the two sides crossed paths near the Britomart transport hub.
Can't even begin to fit all those present into one photo #NZ4Gaza John Minto now on the mic. March stopped midtown pic.twitter.com/ylu2mIo9CN — Decentralise Occupy (@endarken) July 19, 2014
1000s of #NZ4GAZA supporters flood Queen St Auckland pic.twitter.com/FschIKcM1U — Decentralise Occupy (@endarken) July 19, 2014
Protesters later marched to the US consulate on Customs Street to show their opposition to the country's economic and military ties to Israel, holding a moment of silence outside the compound for those who have died since the ground invasion of Gaza kicked off on Friday.
People also laid olive tree branches outside the building, one for each life lost since the latest outbreak of violence hit the region.
"I'm just so sad about all the innocent women and children being killed in Palestine," Diane Sisley, who made a peace offering outside the US consulate, told the Herald on Sunday. "I think it's such an unequal, disgusting war."
The protest concluded with the song, 'We are all Palestinians.'
A moment of silence for the dead in Palestine, in front of the US consulate in Auckland. #nz4gazapic.twitter.com/Q6WanZ9g1D — Daniel (@DMcdougall7) July 19, 2014
Earlier this week, foreign affairs minister Murray McCully said, “New Zealand fully supports the United Nations Security Council's call for an urgent ceasefire in Gaza."
Associate foreign affairs spokesman Phil Goff, meanwhile, said Israelis, Palestinians and the international community should all take the initiative by making the necessary compromises to achieve lasting peace.
“The Israeli retaliation is always disproportionate," he said in regards the most recent military escalation. "Having been there many times I can understand why the Palestinian people are bitter."
He added, however, that the Jewish state had a right to protect itself from Gaza-based rocket attacks.
"Israel is a fact of life. It has a right to stable borders and peace but so do the Palestinian people."
While the action in Auckland went off peacefully, others have spiraled out of control.
On Friday, Israel decided to reduce its diplomatic delegation in Turkey to the “minimum required” after violent pro-Palestinian protests hit Israeli diplomatic missions in Ankara and Istanbul.
On Thursday, France moved to block pro-Palestinian protests throughout the country after a previous march turned ended in bloodshed. After 10,000 demonstrators took to the streets of Paris on Sunday, some protesters turned violent, lobbing rocks at police, who responded with tear gas.
Three synagogues were also assaulted by rioters, with up to 200 people trapped inside one of them. Three Jews sustained injuries in the attacks and were sent to hospital.
However, a group of 150 men allegedly linked to the Jewish Defence League were also seeing clashing with pro-Palestinian demonstrators. Some of them could be seen brandishing iron bars and cans of pepper spray.
Read More: 'In our millions, we're all Palestinian': Wave of protests worldwide demand end to Gaza slaughter
France 'bans pro-Palestinian rallies' as tensions increasingly mirror Israel-Gaza animosity
Israel reduces diplomatic staff in Turkey following violent pro-Palestinian protests
WIRED
America's airline regulator, the Federal Aviation Authority (FAA), is considering banning the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 from all flights.
Samsung has asked for the voluntary recall of 2.5 million phablets after reports that at least 35 devices had burst into flames while they were being used.
Advertisement
Following this, an FAA spokesperson told Gizmodo it was “working on guidance related to this issue.”
“If the device is recalled by the manufacturer, airline crew and passengers will not be able to bring recalled batteries or electronics that contain recalled batteries in the cabin of an aircraft, or in carry-on and checked baggage,” it said.
Read next Here's everything Samsung announced at its epic Galaxy Unpacked launch Here's everything Samsung announced at its epic Galaxy Unpacked launch
Samsung has not launched an official recall within the US, so the devices are currently still permitted on board flights in the country.
The South Korean phone manufacturer was forced to suspend sales of the Note 7 last week – just weeks after it was launched in the US, and days before the phone was due to be launched in the UK.
Advertisement
“Because our customers' safety is an absolute priority at Samsung, we have stopped sales of the Galaxy Note 7,” Samsung said in a statement.
Ariel Gonzalez / YouTube
Major mobile networks in the US have already provided customers with the option to exchange their faulty device with a working Note 7 or a Galaxy S7/S7 edge.
Read next The Samsung Galaxy Fold breathes new life into phones (at a price) The Samsung Galaxy Fold breathes new life into phones (at a price)
Samsung has confirmed that the few UK customers who received their device before the official UK launch date can have their smartphones replaced from September 19.
To get a replacement, UK customers can call Samsung's customer support team on 0330 7261 000 to arrange their exchange, or wait for their network providers to get in contact with them.
Advertisement
According to estimates by Bloomberg, the global recall of the 5.7-inch screen phone could cost Samsung up to $1 billion (£750,000). The recall is bad timing for Samsung as Apple is expected to launch its iPhone 7 at tonight's keynote conference in San Francisco.
The setback comes towards the end of an otherwise successful year for Samsung where Galaxy S7 sales saw the firm record its highest quarterly profits in two years.
The ICAO, which sets regulations on what can and cannot be brought on board flights in the UK, has not yet responded to WIRED's request for comment.
Some of the most damning evidence of systematic child abuse by the Roman Catholic clergy to come to light was unveiled today by Belgium's leading authority on paedophilia, who published hundreds of pages of harrowing victim testimony detailing their traumas and suffering.
The explosive report by Peter Adriaenssens in the town of Louvain, east of Brussels, lists evidence of 476 instances of child abuse by priests and bishops going back 50 years.
Adriaenssens was appointed by the church last year to head an independent inquiry into the scandal. Since April, when Roger Vangheluwe, the bishop of Bruges, resigned after admitting persistently molesting a nephew, the Adriaenssens commission has been inundated with evidence, with hundreds of victims coming forward.
He has since documented cases of abuse occurring in almost every diocese in the country and in virtually every school run by the church. "We can say that no part of the country escapes sexual abuse of minors by one or several [church] members," said Adriaenssens.
"This is the church's Dutroux dossier," he added in reference to the notorious Belgian paedophile serial killer, Marc Dutroux, who kidnapped, tortured, abused and murdered six girls in 1995-6.
Speaking of the victims, Adriaenssens said that 13 had killed themselves, according to relatives, and another six had attempted suicide.
The 200-page report includes copious anonymous testimony from 124 of the victims "to honour their courage" in coming forward.
"There are days when I thank God for having the chance to speak," testified one woman.
"Four years of psychotherapy have taught me that silence kills. I have had enormous depressions, going as far as attempted suicide. At other times I think it would be wise to let sleeping dogs lie. But in the end I've chosen to speak ... Since the resignation of the bishop of Bruges, I am living again in anxiety and fear. And I am far away. I've chosen to live far from my country, hoping that the past won't rejoin me."
This testimony was from a woman abused in the 1980s, but most of the cases concerned young boys and teenagers, as well a documented case of a two-year-old boy being molested.
Another victim told of being repeatedly sexually molested by his parish priest for five years from the age of seven.
"From being a violated child, I myself became, several years later, an abuser of adolescents and was sentenced to eight years in jail of which I served four and a half … The priest's violations certainly strongly shaped my sexual identity and influenced my life choices."
The evidence presented, said the daily newspaper Le Soir, was of "immense persistent suffering which neither the church, justice, nor society have been able to assuage … Adriaenssens has done what everyone else declined to do – listen to the victims, understand them, and give them the place they deserve."
The abuse went back to the 1950s, was most common in the 60s and was tailing off by the 1980s, Adriaenssens said.
"The exposed cases are old, of course," he said. "Society has developed. But there's nothing to indicate that the number of paedophiles has diminished. Where are they today?"
Most of the victims were now middle-aged, but remained traumatised. Around half of the abusers had died.
The expert unveiled his report today because yesterday a Belgian court ruled that the material, seized by police in a highly controversial raid in June, was inadmissible in court because of the "disproportionate" police action and ordered it returned.
Pope Benedict criticised the Belgian authorities for "deplorable" conduct when in June they seized the commission's files, raided the headquarters of the Belgian Catholic church, held cardinals and bishops for several hours, took their mobile phones, and carried away computers and documents.
They questioned Cardinal Godfried Danneels, who retired as head of the Belgian church and archbishop of Brussels in January.
Two weeks ago Belgian newspapers published tape recordings of Danneels seeking to hush up the case of Vangheluwe, the Bruges bishop.
Vangheluwe's nephew secretly recorded Danneels pressing him to keep quiet about his uncle at least until he retired next year.
"I don't think you'd do yourself or him a favour by shouting this from the rooftops," the cardinal warned the victim, who replied angrily that his uncle had abused him for 13 years from the age of five.
The recordings were made in April and the bishop resigned two weeks later, the most senior clergyman in the Catholic church to have quit after being exposed for child abuse.
With United due to formally unveil £59.7m British record signing Ángel di María at a press conference at Old Trafford on Thursday, Louis van Gaal , the manager, is now pressing Ed Woodward, the club's executive vice-chairman, into securing at least one new midfielder before Monday's transfer deadline.
After witnessing his team's Capital One Cup humiliation against MK Dons on Tuesday, Van Gaal has also instructed Woodward to find buyers for the likes of Javier Hernández, Anderson and Shinji Kagawa before close of business at 11pm Monday.
The England internationals Danny Welbeck and Tom Cleverley, who are understood to be the subject of interest from several clubs, will also be allowed to leave Old Trafford if suitable offers are made for the pair.
Despite the abject display of his fringe players in Milton Keynes, Van Gaal had made it a priority to bolster his midfield options during the final days of the transfer window. But with the Dutch coach and senior figures at United still unconvinced by the fitness of the Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal following pre-World Cup knee surgery, Carvalho has re-emerged as a target after being watched on a regular basis by the club's scouting team last season.
The former United manager David Moyes had shortlisted Carvalho as a priority target before being sacked in the closing weeks of last season, but with Sporting initially demanding that the 22-year-old's £37m release clause was met by potential buyers, United and Van Gaal chose to pursue other options.
With issues about Vidal's knee yet to be resolved, Van Gaal is continuing to contemplate a move for AC Milan's Nigel de Jong while retaining an interest in the AS Roma midfielder Kevin Strootman, who is close to returning to action following a cruciate ligament injury.
However, with Sporting now prepared to lower their asking price after seeing Real Madrid drop their initial interest in Carvalho earlier this summer, United believe a deal can be done for the Angola-born defensive midfielder, who was one of the few shining lights of Portugal's unsuccessful World Cup campaign in Brazil.
United were made aware of Sporting's readiness to listen to offers for Carvalho during negotiations with Di María's representatives, who also act for Carvalho. Having already done business with the Portuguese club this summer by completing the signing of the defender Marcos Rojo at the same time as allowing Nani to return to the club on loan, further discussions are understood to have taken place over Carvalho.
Attempts to sign the Holland midfielder Daley Blind from Ajax could prove more difficult, however, with the Dutch club insisting that they have no desire to sell the 24-year-old during this transfer window. But Marc Overmars, the Ajax director of football, kept alive the prospect of a sale by claiming that only a “top price” would persuade the Amsterdam club to sell. "We believe that we currently have a strong team and want Daley to stay for another year," Overmars told De Telegraaf. "Only if the absolute top price is paid is a transfer negotiable.
"Daley's management know how we feel at the moment. Next year, we will have a much more lenient policy, we are willing to talk with Daley and we will settle for a reasonable price."
While United continue to seek reinforcements following their dismal start to the season – which is their worst opening since the 1992/93 campaign – efforts to reduce the size of Van Gaal's squad will accelerate in the coming days.
The Capital One Cup exit ensures that United can only play a maximum number of 49 matches this season, should they reach the FA Cup final and require replays in every round until the semi-finals.
With only Premier League games to focus on until the FA Cup third round in January, Van Gaal is prepared to work a squad of no more than 20 players, leaving Hernández, Kagawa, Anderson, Cleverley and Welbeck available for transfer.
United are also ready to offload goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard, with the futures of Rafael da Silva and Ashley Young by no means certain at Old Trafford. Wilfried Zaha was last night close to rejoining Crystal Palace on loan, with a view to a permanent move to the London club.
The ankle injury which has left Marouane Fellaini on the sidelines, albeit for no longer than a month, has ensured a stay of execution for the £27.5m Belgian midfielder.
It is understood that as many as six clubs are interested in signing Welbeck, including Sunderland, Hull City and Newcastle, but United have yet to be contacted by Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal, despite both clubs seeking attacking reinforcements.
Cleverley, who is out of contract at the end of this season, is also attracting substantial interest, but the 25-year-old player may yet choose to run down his contract and leave on a free transfer next summer.
United have been contacted by a number of European clubs about Hernández and Kagawa, but there has been no interest in the Brazilian midfielder Anderson, who made his first appearance for the club in nine months during the defeat on Tuesday in Milton Keynes.
- Follow Angel di Maria's unveiling today live!
- The Manchester United clearout: 10 players up for sale
- Paul Hayward: Van Gaal has already lost his saviour label
- Tony Adams: Why three at the back will not work at Man Utd
- Mark Ogden: Ferguson must take his share of the blame
- £213.7m of signings = 35 starts and only 7 goals
Photo
ALBANY — The fate of same-sex marriage collided with the often-dysfunctional political process here on Tuesday as the State Senate delayed a vote on a bill that would make it legal for gay and lesbian couples to marry in New York.
After an entire day of deliberations, Senate leaders emerged from the governor's office late Tuesday with only a vague agreement that the bill would come to a vote before the end of the year.
Gov. David A. Paterson had placed the bill on the agenda for an emergency session that convened Tuesday, and gay rights advocates had been aggressively lobbying for an immediate vote. But the legislation's prospects have grown cloudier in recent days. Supporters have had difficulty securing the 32 votes they need for approval in the Senate, and a dispute between Mr. Paterson and legislative leaders over how to close a budget deficit that now exceeds $3 billion has held up votes on major legislation.
Mr. Paterson said he would continue negotiating with legislative leaders on budget cuts this week and would call lawmakers back to Albany on Monday and Tuesday of next week. He said he would again include marriage on the agenda, but it remained unclear whether the Senate would debate it next week or wait until later in the year.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I think that the vote is closer than people think,” he said in an interview.
He added, “It is one of those rare types of legislation that you never know what people are going to do until it hits the floor.”
Tim Wu presents his widely acclaimed new book THE MASTER SWITCH: The Rise and Fall of Information Empires. "A Masterpiece" - Lawrence Lessig. "A ripping yarn" - The Atlantic
About Tim
Tim Wu is an author, policy advocate and author of The Master Switch. He is a professor at Columbia Law School, the chairman of media reform organization Free Press. Wu was recognized in 2006 as one of 50 leaders in science and technology by Scientific American magazine, and in 2007 Wu was listed as one of Harvard's 100 most influential graduates by 02138 magazines.
Tim Wu's best known work is the development of Net Neutrality theory, but he has also written about copyright, international trade, and the study of law-breaking. He previously worked for Riverstone Networks in the telecommunications industry in Silicon Valley, and was a law clerk for Judge Richard Posner and Justice Stephen Breyer. He graduated from McGill University (B.Sc.), and Harvard Law School.
Wu has written for the New Yorker, the Washington Post, Forbes, Slate magazine, and others. He can sometimes be found at Waterfront Bicycles, and he once worked at Hoo's Dumplings.
via Amazon.com
From Booklist:
*Starred Review* A veteran of Silicon Valley and professor at Columbia University, Wu is an author and policy advocate best known for coining the term net neutrality. Although the Internet has created a world of openness and access unprecedented in human history, Wu is quick to point out that the early phases of telephony, film, and radio offered similar opportunities for the hobbyist, inventor, and creative individual, only to be centralized and controlled by corporate interests, monopolized, broken into smaller entities, and then reconsolidated. Wu calls this the Cycle, and nowhere is it more exemplary than in the telecommunications industry. The question Wu raises is whether the Internet is different, or whether we are merely in the early open phase of a technology that is to be usurped and controlled by profiteering interests. Central in the power struggle is the difference between the way Apple Computer and Google treat content, with Apple attempting to control the user experience with slick products while Google endeavors to democratize content, giving the user choice and openness. This is an essential look at the directions that personal computing could be headed depending on which policies and worldviews come to dominate control over the Internet. --David Siegfried
Download media from this event here.
The great-grandson of world's largest hassidic sect's leader graduated from IDF Officer School on Wednesday and will become a platoon commander in the Golani Brigade.
Chaim Meisels, the great-grandson of one of two Satmar Rebbes who lay claim to the hasidic dynasty, was drafted into the IDF in 2014 after moving to Israel from the United States. On Wednesday, he graduated the IDF's Officer School and became a platoon commander in the Golani Brigade.
In a Facebook post that has since gone viral in Israel, Meisels wrote about the long journey that took him from the insular Satmar community of his youth to the IDF.
"I grew up as a haredi child in Brooklyn, United States," he began. "I had the feeling that something was missing, but I didn't know what. My first visit to Israel was at the age of 11. I discovered the State of Israel, a Jewish state. I did not yet know how it would affect me, but I felt that I had come home.
"When we returned to Brooklyn a few days later, I felt like another person," Meisels continued. "Suddenly there was something I connect to, the State of Israel. Because I am the grandson of the Satmar Rebbe, and the community in which I grew up does not support Israel, I had no one to talk about it with.
"I came to Israel again at the age of 15, this time to study in a yeshiva in Bnei Brak. The only language I spoke at the time was Yiddish, and I could not communicate with the outside world like I wanted to. When I returned to the United States a year later, I bought a phone with Internet (we were not allowed to own one in a yeshiva), decided to learn English, learn about Israel and a little about the world."
Meisels added that "at the age of 17, I realized that I wanted to leave the haredi world, but most of the people I knew who had left didn't succeed. The social gap and the language made it difficult for them to cope with a different kind of lifestyle. I decided to turn to the Rebbe, to tell him that for years I was no longer Shabbat-observant.
"His answer was that I got where I was because I wasn't yet married, that once I had a wife of my own, I wouldn't want to leave anymore because the girl would no longer be happy. He explained that when I was married I could do more to help outside the yeshiva; I would be a freer person.
"Two weeks later I'm meeting with the girl's parents who asked me questions about the Talmud. I passed the test and had a meeting with the girl while our parents were in the next room. I agreed to marry her after speaking to her for 50 minutes. We got engaged that night," Meisels recalled.
"A few months later the wedding came. Right after the wedding, I realized that I was not really with her. I would think about the State of Israel while she would think about what the Rebbe said," Meisel continued.
"Six weeks later, I arrived home and my wife told me she was pregnant. I was happy, I was very excited, until slowly I began to think about what I had done. How I was going to raise a haredi child in a world that I disagree with?
"I knew it was too late, that in another moment a girl would come to the world, that in another second I would be a father.
"I couldn't stay any longer," Meisels continued. "I thought about it a lot, I tried to talk to outsiders, both friends who left and those who remained. In the end, I left. I parted from my wife and the community and most of my family left me.
"I found a good job. I started life from scratch and like a little child I learned how to dress (in clothes that weren't black and white), and how to talk to people.
"A few months before 2014's Operation Protective Edge, almost a year after I left the community where I grew up, I decided that I wanted to enlist in the IDF. I registered to immigrate to Israel, but after two meetings they told me that because I was 19, divorced plus one, I wasn't suitable for the army," wrote Meisels.
"Everyone told me I wouldn't succeed in the army. They said that I had no chance," Meisels added.
"I bought a plane ticket and arrived in Israel. At first, a friend connected me to the Chayal El Chayal lone soldier support organization, and to the Michael Levine Lone Soldier Center, who helped me out tremendously.
"In August 2014, I joined a Hebrew course at the IDF's Alon base. After 3 months of basic training and the Hebrew course, I reached the Golani Brigade. I made it into the Egoz (special forces) unit. I didn't tell anyone my story.
"At the beginning of the course, I wasn't among the top two members of my unit and they didn't let me go to squad commanders course. After consulting with Rabbi Hosea Friedman, who is both the rabbi of Pashkan and IDF's reserve commander, I chose to leave Egoz and transfer to the Golani Brigade so I could become a commander.
"I went to commander's school and after being on extensive sick leave I became a squad commander in Golani's 13th Battalion. I was deployed for a few months and went to IDF Officer School, where I learned for eight months how to be a professional officer.
"Rivka, my daughter, is already four years old," Meisels revealed. "Her family doesn't let us be in touch because I'm not haredi. I hope one day when she grows up, I'll be able to renew the relationship with her and explain to her why I had to leave her and immigrate to Israel. To explain to her that I chose a different way from what she knows.
"I love my family, who simply don't understand or accept how I view the world. I chose a way in Judaism that is different from them - a Judaism in which establishing and defending the Jewish State is just as important as learning Torah," Meisels continued.
"Today I finish IDF Officer School. Next week, I'll be the platoon commander, and I'll invest everything I have in my soldiers.
"The reason I tell you this is for you to learn that if there is a will there is a way. No matter what you say or who tells you - if you really want to be successful and willing to invest, you will eventually succeed," concluded Meisels.
"We have the best army in the world, and it doesn't matter where you come from and what you've done until now; if you give your 100 percent, you'll find the way."
• John Whittingdale calls for more money to trickle down • ‘Should they be doing more? Without question,' says culture secretary
The government may consider imposing a levy on Premier League clubs to help grassroots football, the culture secretary John Whittingdale said.
In a stark call for action from the richest clubs, Whittingdale said they needed to at least double the sums devoted to developing young talent at local level.
He questioned how much of the Premier League's promise to devote £1bn of the £5bn TV deal to lower leagues was actually meeting that need, suggesting much of that was parachute payments to relegated clubs.
“Considerably more should go down through the system to the benefit of the grass roots,” the Whittingdale said as he was grilled by the commons culture, media and sport committee which he chaired before being handed the cabinet role.
“The Premier League is enjoying a complete bonanza now. There is a huge amount of money coming in but the proportion that reaches the lower divisions and the grassroots in particular is still very small. Should they be doing more? Without any question.”
He said he was not keen to have to intervene but would not close the door on the possibility. “If the Premier League absolutely refuses to increase the amount of money that passes down through the system to the benefit of grassroots sport then I think we would certainly look at what options we have available to us to ensure that is the outcome. I hope that can be avoided,” he said.
New FA investment in grassroots still leaves football short-changed | David Conn Read more
“It would be perfectly possible for the government to intervene to achieve that outcome, maybe through a levy.
“That is not a route I am attracted to. I would hope that football would recognise that ultimately the Premier League would benefit if young players were able to be attracted into the game because of the facilities available at the grassroots level.”
After Sky and BT Sport agreed to pay £5.14bn for domestic live rights from 2016-17, the 20 Premier League clubs agreed to hand over £50m each over three seasons.
Whittingdale suggested that the present distribution of funds was not reaching the right areas. “A lot of that is through parachute payments and the real challenge is to get right down into the grass roots. “Every MP will have local clubs who are struggling, and in some cases failing, to survive and yet there is this vast amount of money at the top of the game.”
Kenny Britt has played almost nine NFL seasons with the Tennessee Titans, St. Louis and Los Angeles Rams and the Cleveland Browns, but he has never played in a playoff game. He has played with bad quarterbacks and for bad coaches, stuck in situations that made him a scapegoat for greater structural problems on his team.
Britt was tired of it. When he hit free agency earlier this month, he easily could have earned more money if he'd really wanted to. But he had his eye on one destination in particular: the Patriots, and he wanted to go there because he wanted to win, and to put himself in the best possible situation. That is what he told Ryan Hannable of WEEI.
“To tell you the truth, this is one of the places I wanted to be for a while,” Britt said after the game, speaking for the first time as a member of the Patriots. “Life journey hasn't taken me here till now. God works in mysterious ways.”
“Never been division champs. Never been in that atmosphere in my nine years,” Britt said. “Just walking out there pregame, it was just something amazing. A lot of people don't get to feel and I'm just embracing it all right now.”
The Patriots are AFC East champions! Take a second to sign up for our FREE Patriots newsletter!
Britt may have only played two snaps on Sunday, but that isn't important to him so early on. He knew he wasn't comfortable in the offense yet, but he had something way more important.
“Comfort? There was no comfort. At all, but those guys believed in me," Britt said. "The coaches believed in me. That's one thing I know as soon as I stepped in the building.”
Britt gives the Patriots a sort of weapon that they haven't had since Randy Moss, a big, physical receiver who can go up and grab jump balls. That makes them far more dangerous than they were earlier in the season, but what's more, they added a player who is truly hungry to help them win. He is on the team because he wants to win, and he wants to be a part of this specific team. That can be a big motivating factor for a team that has won two of the last three Super Bowls. Sometimes, defending champs need a kick in the pants to remember what they're playing for. Britt can be the player.
Quote# 104276I have and I still believe I'd have sex with a woman against her consent. The difference now is that when I wrote that I thought that rape is forceful sex against a woman's consent. I was wrong, since I didn't know enough history and was brainwashed my feminist propaganda. Rape is a crime against women's owner or her chastity and consent is irrelevant for women. In fact, should you expect it you're bound to be seen as a complete loser by a woman. All that anti-rape propaganda is actually aimed to keep dumbasses who believe women even want to consent away from getting any sex whatsoever.So while I'd still forcibly have a sex with a woman I'd never rape, since I wouldn't have forcible sex with a woman who is somebody's property or chaste.caamib, Why, God, Why? 181 Comments [10/23/2014 3:21:57 AM]Fundie Index: 80
In case you missed it on the official Twitter account, The Novelist was Greenlit this week! I couldn't be happier that the game will be launching on Steam in addition to the Humble Store. Having the game on Steam will make it easier for a much larger group of people to find out about the game, which is a really big deal for a small independent developer like me.
And just to be clear, all preorders and purchases using the Humble Store will receive a Steam key as well, so the Humble Store is really the best of all worlds: you get a DRM-free copy of the game, but can also unlock it on Steam for convenience. I haven't gotten the game set up on Steam yet, but I hope to do it soon.
There's also a new interview up on Kotaku, and I'm really happy with how it came out. It does a good job of explaining the ways in which The Novelist's dynamic narrative differs from a traditional branching story, and it also goes into the mindset of taking the indie leap. Make sure to check it out!
Finally, as for the game itself, things are moving along really well. I sent out an alpha build to friends and family last weekend and have been getting a ton of good feedback. The response is much more positive than it was for the last playtest (which was all the way back in April), so it's good to know that the hard work was worth it. I've found out about a whole slew of new bugs, but so far I've been able to stay on top of them and fix them almost as fast as the playtesters are finding them. I've also put in a couple of new features in response to the feedback, and I'll keep tweaking and iterating on things for the next month or so.
That's about it from Novelist land. It was a really great week for the game, between getting through Greenlight and having a high-profile interview (it was even cross-posted to Jezebel, which boosted the exposure as well), but it's also been really exhausting. I'm just trying to keep my head down and keep pushing toward the finish line.
Thanks again for all of your support. The game never would have made it onto Steam without you guys spreading the word, and all of the gracious comments and emails you sent kept my spirits up even when things got tough. You guys are the best, and I hope that when the game's finished it will have been worth your wait.
Until next week!
-Kent
In May 2017, a controversy emerged surrounding Kook's Burritos – a Portland, Oregon, pop-up burrito shop run by Liz “LC” Connelly and Kali Wilgus.
In a feature article published in the local Willamette Week newspaper on 16 May 2017, the two women, who are Anglo-American, described a visit to Mexico as the inspiration for their decision to start making and selling burritos.
Their account attracted allegations of cultural appropriation and stealing recipes and techniques from women in Puerto Nuevo, Mexico, with this description being the focus of particular attention:
“I picked the brains of every tortilla lady there in the worst broken Spanish ever, and they showed me a little of what they did,” Connelly says. “They told us the basic ingredients, and we saw them moving and stretching the dough similar to how pizza makers do before rolling it out with rolling pins. They wouldn't tell us too much about technique, but we were peeking into the windows of every kitchen, totally fascinated by how easy they made it look. We learned quickly it isn't quite that easy.”
The comments section of the Willamette Week article filled with criticism and negative reviews (not relating to food) were posted on the Kook's Burritos Yelp page. On 19 May, Mic.com reported on the interview and the reaction to it; and by 20 May, the outlet had closed. The Kook's Burritos Facebook page has also been deleted.
The negative Yelp reviews may soon disappear, however. Yelp posted a message on the restaurant's page saying:
This business recently made waves in the news, which often means that people come to this page to post their views on the news. While we don't take a stand one way or the other when it comes to these news events, we do work to remove both positive and negative posts that appear to be motivated more by the news coverage itself than the reviewer's personal consumer experience with the business. As a result, your posts to this page may be removed as part of our cleanup process beginning Friday, May 19, 2017, but you should feel free to post your thoughts about the recent media coverage for this business on Yelp Talk at any time.
In the days that followed, the episode attracted national and international attention. On 24 May, Fox News reported: “Portland burrito shop forced to close amid accusations of cultural appropriation, stealing recipes.”
The same day, the New York Daily News covered the episode in an article headlined “Oregon burrito shop run by white women shuts down amid accusations of cultural appropriation.”
And the Daily Mail reported: “White women's burrito shop is forced to close after being hounded with accusations it was ‘culturally appropriating Mexican food and jobs.'”
We left a voicemail message at the phone number associated with Kook's Burritos, but have not received a response.
Image caption Qantas grounded its entire fleet last month
A Twitter competition has drawn thousands of angry responses after Australian airline Qantas launched it amid a major labour dispute.
The airline asked people to describe a "dream luxury in-flight experience", offering Qantas gift packs as prizes.
But users of the micro-blogging service instead used the competition to vent their frustration with Qantas.
The contest ran a day after talks with unions broke down, and after Qantas grounded its entire fleet in October.
Thousands of passengers were stranded worldwide after the firm halted flights in an attempt to end months of strike action by workers angered by the firm's restructuring plans.
The "Qantas Luxury" promotion, launched on 22 November, quickly tapped into customers' ire.
"Qantas Luxury means sipping champagne on your corporate jet while grounding the entire airline, country, customers & staff," one Twitter user wrote.
"Qantas Luxury is getting my flight refund back after waiting almost a month," wrote another.
One Tweeter suggested the phrase meant "more than 3mins notice that the whole airline is on strike".
Social media commentator Peter Clarke wrote: "Epic PR fail, excellent case study in corporate cultural tone deafness. Simply don't get it".
But the airline put a brave face on what is being seen as a debacle, Tweeting: "At this rate our #QantasLuxury competition is going to take years to judge".
When Qantas grounded its fleet in late October, Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard said its bosses had taken "extreme and irresponsible" action.
Unions are reported to be considering more disruptions to Qantas flights, while the government's industrial relations umpire is beginning work to impose a new wage agreement between the airline's management and workers.
The mayor of Cannes in France has banned women from wearing swimsuits that cover too much skin on local public beaches. Targeted specifically are the burkinis, a play on “burqa” and “bikini,” a hijab-friendly wetsuit that is commonly worn in the water by Muslim women who observe the headscarf.
This comes soon after an attack that killed French celebrators on Bastille Day in Nice and nearby its site, on the tourist-friendly French Riviera near the Mediterranean coastline. So far, five French towns have banned the Burkini and three more are considering bans.
“If a woman goes swimming in a burkini, that could draw a crowd and disrupt public order,” David Lisnard, the mayor of Cannes, told a French newspaper. “It is precisely to protect these women that I took this decision. The burkini is the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion.”
However, it seems that the ban has more to do with underlying Islamophobia than it does with public safety. Not only is the burkini unaffiliated with Islamic extremism, but the ordinance also states, “Access to beaches and for swimming is banned to anyone who does not have [bathing apparel] which respects good customs and secularism,” suggesting that Lisnard and his supporters believe wearing the modest headscarf instead of a pseudo underwear and bra is disrespectful to the country's moral and secular foundation.
Read This Next: An A-Z Guide to Being a Muslim Ally
Read This Next: Beyond the Headscarf — Muslim Women Discuss Social Justice Issues
Rather than having the intention to protect the public or the safety of Muslim women—historically, a similar burqa ban in 2010 resulted in an explosion of hate and violent crimes — the legislation means to restrict the exact virtues, secularism and good customs, that it boasts.
Good custom would suggest a tolerance of religion and secularism would allow all people of faith to peacefully express their religion without fear of penalty, rather than allowing religious prejudice taint political discourse.
It is known that France is no stranger to Islamic prejudice and today's policies are only the tip of an iceberg that is entrenched deep in the Muslim-French divide. The initial expulsion of Muslims from Europe began long before this century, tracing as far back as 732 A.D., when Frankish leader Charles Martel defeated Abdur-rahman and his Umayyad Caliphate in a battle over the Iberian Peninsula, now part of southern France, which was then owned by the Muslims.
Since then, France's colonization of Algeria and its eager involvement in the Syrian crisis have exacerbated the already fragile relations between the two groups.
Recent “Islamist” attacks, which may be the backlash of France's increasing ignorant policies and “holier than thou” attitude, have left politicians such as Lisnard unhinged and susceptible to making rash decisions in an attempt to placate its citizens.
What is lost in the process is the awareness that Muslims are not the criminals—if anything, they bear the brunt of both “Islamist” terrorist attacks and the resulting Islamophobic policies that restrict their rights in the name of liberation.
This article was originally published by MuslimGirl and is cross-posted here with their permission.
Read This Next: An A-Z Guide to Being a Muslim Ally
Read This Next: Beyond the Headscarf — Muslim Women Discuss Social Justice Issues
For decades, millions of women around the US have turned to Vogue magazine and its longtime editor, Anna Wintour, for advice on what to wear.
It sounds like Hillary Clinton has been doing the same of late, in a more direct sort of way. According to Business of Fashion, Wintour has been advising Clinton on her wardrobe throughout her campaign to become the first female president of the US.
Reuters/Mike Segar Making history—backwards, and in high heels.
Vogue wouldn't comment on the report and we haven't heard back yet from the campaign. But if Wintour is indeed working with Clinton, she hasn't been taking the candidate too far outside her comfort zone. Most of her style choices have entailed brightly colored pantsuits. The difference is in how polished the look is now. Exhibit A: the white pantsuit Clinton wore to the Democratic National Convention on July 28, a brilliant choice that recalled more than a century of feminist history in the US.
Wintour is a well-known supporter of Clinton's, and has been a fundraising force for the Democrats. Earlier this year, for instance, the New York Times reported (paywall) that Wintour helped organize a couple of Clinton fundraising events, drawing guests including Christopher Bailey of Burberry and Tom Ford, in the days between the London and Milan fashion weeks.
Wintour is a powerful ally not just for her ability to bring out wealthy patrons. She's got an unerring sense of style. That's an especially valuable contribution to a candidate like Clinton, who faces far more scrutiny for her clothing choices than men in a similar position face. Just look at how funny it seems to talk about Bill Clinton's fetching pantsuits, or how even Project Runway host Tim Gunn has criticized Clinton's fashion choices. Undoubtedly any advice Wintour could offer would be welcomed by the campaign.
Clinton, however, needs no help securing the vote of the fashion industry in the US. Designers and retailers from Marc Jacobs to Urban Outfitters have made it clear they're with her.
If approved by the BCUC, your basic rate will go up about $3.70 a month
ICBC says the increase is due to injury claims expenses costing the insurance provider too much money
VANCOUVER (NEWS 1130) – ICBC won't be asking to raise basic insurance rates by as much as expected. The provincial government has given the insurance corporation permission to dip into optional rate profits to keep the increase lower.
ICBC originally planned to apply to the BC Utilities Commission to raise rates by 6.7 per cent. The province will allow ICBC to pull $450 million from the optional side to offset the increase and lower it to 5.5 per cent. The increase would now amount to an extra $3.70 per month for the average customer.
ICBC president Mark Blucher is happy to have help this year.
“In the best interest of our customers, we have worked alongside government during the last few weeks to identify strategies to help lower both this year's rate increase and to attempt to help alleviate the expected ongoing pressure injury claims will continue to put on insurance rates in future years.”
The insurance corporation plans to focus on fraud prevention to get costs down.
Transportation Minister Todd Stone says the same thing can't happen next year because there's nothing left to use.
“There will not be the capital room on the option side of the business in order to make a transfer, certainly not in the neighbourhood of $450 million… Government has done this before as recent as 2013. When the capital does build up to a point of excess on the optional side, we do consider that as a viable strategy.”
Rates have been steadily increasing for the last few years, but the government continues to take a share of optional profits each year.
Stone says going without the $160 million it was expecting this year isn't possible. “Contrary to what many believe, it is actually used as critical dollars for the delivery of healthcare, education and other services that British Columbians have come to reply upon.”
The NDP is pointing out that rates have increased by 30 per cent since Premier Christy Clark took office. Critic Adrian Dix says that's nearly $200 more per year for the average driver. “It reflects what they're doing, which is shifting costs onto the middle class, onto ordinary people.”
The number of injury claims being reported to ICBC has escalated in recent months with almost 68,000 new injury claims reported between July 2014 to June 2015, that's roughly 7,000 more than the previous 12 months.
Meanwhile, bodily injury claims costs, which cover payouts for pain and suffering, future care and loss of wages, topped $2 billion for the first time in 2014 and are expected to hit $2.3 billion this year.
A process blogs! Do you like reading these?
This is a piece I did for John Arcudi, a favorite writer of mine. I knew he likes animals, so I thought this might be a fun way to combine a cool animal with a B.P.R.D character that he's spent so much time writing. The first picture is a gestural thumbnail. This, to me, is the most important part of a drawing. Then we have the pencils, in which I tried to amplify the forward motion of both figures. I also changed the angle of the spear to better fit the dimensions of the paper. Then we have the inks, and I tried my best to retain the fluid energy of the pencils.
Finally, we have the colors, which I took a stab at. This is the fourth or fifth piece I've colored, so I'm still trying to figure some things out. Overall, I'm quite pleased with this piece. I put everything I have into it.
New Japan Pro Wrestling today reported that A.J. Styles is officially off the rest of the current tour due to his herniated disc in his lower back.
It was reported in Japan that he has returned home to Gainesville, GA. At the show earlier today in Kobe, the company officially announced him as off the rest of the tour, while up until this point they had been acting as through the injury was a day-to-day thing.
ROH officials are hopeful that Styles will be ready on 12/18 for his title match with Jay Lethal on the Final Battle PPV.
New Japan announced today that Styles would return on 1/4 for his Tokyo Dome match with Shinsuke Nakamura.
New Japan likely had to re-book several B block matches to get to the ending that they wanted.
The final night of the round-robin tournament is tonight in Nagoya which airs live on New Japan World starting at 2 a.m. Eastern time. We will have live coverage of the show on the site.
The winner of the A block faces the winner of the B block on 12/9 in Sendai.
Currently, Hiroshi Tanahashi & Michael Elgin are "in the clubhouse" finishing with a 4-2 record and in first place in the A block. Togi Makabe & Tomoaki Honma face Kazuchika Okada & Yoshi-Hashi with both teams having 3-2 records. If Okada & Yoshi-Hashi win, then Tanahashi & Elgin go to the finals since they won the head-to-head match on 11/21 in Tokyo. If Makabe & Honma win, they go to the finals based on beating Tanahashi & Elgin on 11/27 in Hiroshima.
In the B block, both Hirooki Goto & Katsuyori Shibata and Tetsuya Naito & Evil have 4-1 records, and by the strangest of coincidences, they are wrestling tonight. So the winner of that match goes to the finals.
The antiquated disease can be treated with penicillin, but other antibiotics are failing. (Frederick M. Rossiter/Public Domain)
The bacterial infection known as scarlet fever has been on the rise in Britain, with cases also increasing in parts of Asia. Now new research suggests that the easily treatable infection might not always be so benign: It shows signs of antibiotic resistance.
[Sorry, folks: Antibiotic-resistant gonorrhea is getting worse]
Scarlet fever (or scarletina) is caused by group A Streptococcus bacteria, and it most commonly affects children between the ages of 5 and 12. Only a small number of people who have strep throat caused by group A strep will develop scarlet fever, which is named for the red, sandpaper-like rash it causes. The disease is unpleasant -- and before the invention of antibiotics, it was quite deadly -- but these days, though there is no vaccine, it's easily treated with antibiotics.
In a study published Monday in the journal Scientific Reports, researchers from the University of Queensland caution that the surge in scarlet fever cases may pose an unexpected threat.
An analysis of samples from 25 confirmed scarlet fever patients (as well as nine patients who had some kind of group A strep infection) from China and Hong Kong confirmed that a strain that emerged in the 1980s is a common source of infection. Penicillin is a fine treatment for these cases, but the researchers found evidence of resistance to other antibiotics like tetracycline, erythromycin and clindamycin. This poses an immediate problem for patients who are allergic to penicillin, but it's worrisome for other patients as well. There's no telling when the bacteria could begin to show resistance to penicillin, leaving doctors with few treatment options.
[You should really stop buying ‘antibacterial' soaps]
The increase of antibiotic resistance in bacteria shouldn't surprise us. As antibiotics have become more common in the environment — in humans being treated for disease as well as in farm animals and wastewater — more bacteria have been exposed to them. That means that the bacteria which survive are likely to be invulnerable to the drugs we take, which is obviously a problem for those who are ill. Antibiotic resistance causes an estimated 2 million illnesses and 23,000 deaths every year in the United States.
"We now have a situation which may change the nature of the disease and make it resistant to broad-spectrum treatments normally prescribed for respiratory tract infections, such as in scarlet fever," lead study author Nouri Ben Zakour said in a statement. The findings, she said, suggest that monitoring the spread and evolution of these bacteria is of the utmost importance.
The fact that penicillin still seems to work in most cases of scarlet fever means that it isn't time to panic. But this is just the latest example of the ticking time bomb that is antibiotic resistance.
Read More:
You probably have herpes, but that's really okay
One day, doctors might prescribe viruses instead of antibiotics
What does ‘meat raised without antibiotics' mean — and why is it important?
You're surrounded by a cloud of bacteria as unique as a fingerprint
Sorry, folks: Antibiotic-resistant gonorrhea is getting worse
We can report that Barrett Brown was placed in FCI Three Rivers' Segregated Housing Unit (SHU) last Wednesday, 27 January, and released Tuesday 2 February — meaning he was in the hole on Monday 1 Feb. when it was announced that Barrett won the National Magazine Award for his prison column in The Intercept.
Barrett was moved to the SHU just two hours after he had done a telephone interview with radio producer Kenny Webster. Prison officials informed him that he was being “segregated” for “information-gathering purposes.” For the first three days in the SHU, Barrett was deprived of his daily antidepressant medication. Barrett has previously been in the SHU several times, including one stay more than a month long.
Solitary confinement, widely used in American prisons and long-derided as a form of psychological torture, is under increasing, overdue scrutiny. Last month, President Obama banned the use of solitary confinement for juveniles in federal prisons, affecting some 10,000 inmates. Obama noted,
Research suggests that solitary confinement has the potential to lead to devastating, lasting psychological consequences. It has been linked to depression, alienation, withdrawal, a reduced ability to interact with others and the potential for violent behavior. Some studies indicate that it can worsen existing mental illnesses and even trigger new ones.
Several Courage beneficiaries and other truthtellers we support have been placed in solitary confinement, for varying reasons that are often connected to their political motivations. Jeremy Hammond has been specifically targeted and punished due to his support outside the prison walls. Many speculated that Chelsea Manning was being tortured in an effort to get her to flip on WikiLeaks and Julian Assange.
Despite the well-documented deleterious effects of solitary, the practice is even used on those with psychological needs — there is little practical distinction between ‘protective custody' and disciplinary segregation — effectively torturing inmates because the prison cannot adequately provide mental health care. This puts someone like Lauri Love, who faces extradition to the US and who suffers from Asperger's and depression, at a higher risk than most.
Obama's action on solitary is a good small step in the right direction toward ending this abusive practice.
Meanwhile, we can also report that Barrett was quite excited to hear of his award.
Photo: USFRAOn Thursday, Sept. 22, the U.S. Farmers & Ranchers Alliance, a new trade association made up of some of the biggest players in the food industry — including the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, Dupont, and Monsanto — hosted what it called “Food Dialogues” in Washington D.C., New York City, U.C. Davis, and Fair Oaks, Ind.
The USFRA describes the Food Dialogues, and its broader multimillion-dollar media campaign, as an effort to amplify the voice of farmers and ranchers and help consumers know more about “how their food is grown and raised.”
Sounds good, on first blush.
Most of us are in the dark when it comes to the story of our food. And, farmers and ranchers — the people working hard every day to bring us our food — are nearly invisible in mainstream media. But dig into the Alliance's membership, and its impetus for forming, and you start to wonder whether it truly represents the voices of grassroots food producers or whether this well-funded media campaign is agribusinesses the latest attempt to push back against well-documented and well-publicized concerns about the environmental and health consequences of industrial agriculture.
When I asked a rep from Ketchum — the public relations firm hired by the Alliance — what motivated these groups to come together, without skipping a beat, he answered: Food, Inc. and movies like it. “People see Food, Inc.,” he said, “And think everything in that movie is accurate.” But, he continued, the film only presents one side of the issue and USFRA members feel they didn't “have a voice in it.” Now, as the Ketchum rep put it, USFRA wants to “clear the air” and “get a national dialogue, a conversation, going.”
There are two big holes in this argument: Robert Kenner, the director of Food, Inc. did try to get industry voices into the film. And, while USFRA members may not like it, Food, Inc. is an accurate, if unpleasant, account of our industrial, toxic food system.
When I mentioned that Kenner approached many food companies to get their perspective, and they refused to go on camera, the PR rep said: “I'll be honest with you: this is a change with how they've done things in the past. They're trying to open their doors up.”
While these industry players may be saying they want to “open their doors up,” it seems only on their terms. Certainly the Food Dialogues event gave a semblance of impartiality: Highly credentialed journalist Claire Shipman of Good Morning America moderated from a satellite location in D.C. and celebrity chef John Besh hosted the panel in New York City.
But the reality was an orchestrated framing of the message about “modern agricultural production” from the perspective of big business. In the staged kitchen set at the New York City, the questions from the “audience” included only one: a prearranged question from the head of the National Pork Board. In D.C., Jay Vroom, from the agrochemical trade association CropLife America, was handpicked to join in the “conversation” and lob a softball question to John Besh about chefs and portion control.
Earlier this year, a trade publication explained that this image campaign, and others like it, not only aims to counter Food, Inc.‘s “misconceptions” about food, but also to convert all those “Pollan-ated” minds. (Reading Michael Pollan is apparently unnerving to the food industry and it should be to the rest of the public, too.)
This media campaign, the industry publication continued, is also intended as a “preemptive strike” against “a long list of new regulations and restrictions coming out of the Environmental Protection Agency, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and the Food & Drug Administration, ranging from tighter rules on pesticide applications to a potential ban of routine, preventative use of animal antibiotics.”
Take a look at the policy priorities of USFRA members and you'll see exactly that: Most of its affiliates are hard at work, lobbying on Capitol Hill to weaken the very regulations that the consumers the USFRA itself surveyed say they care most about: Pesticides and antibiotics, for instance, as well as artificial hormones in animal production, and air and water pollution.
As one of its current policy priorities, the National Cattlemen's Beef Association (NCBA), a USFRA board member and the marketing organization and trade association for the beef industry, is fighting for the Defending America's Affordable Energy and Jobs Act. If passed, the Act would limit the EPA's ability to regulate greenhouse gas emissions.
Yet, as many in the environmental community have pointed out, the EPA's regulation of carbon dioxide pollution is key to addressing global warming in the absence of strong climate policy. This USFRA member attack on climate legislation shouldn't be surprising considering the Alliance is working with Frank Luntz, the political strategist who has helped foster climate change skepticism. In a strategy memo leaked to the media in the early 2000s, for instance, Luntz advised congressional Republicans that the best tactic to undermine public support for climate legislation is to cast doubt on the “scientific certainty” surrounding the issue.
To give you another sense of where USFRA membership stands, consider that the NCBA, along with other Alliance members, is actively fighting a policy that would reign in antibiotic abuse in livestock production. Called the Preservation of Antibiotics for Medical Treatment Act, and sponsored by Rep. Louise Slaughter (D-N.Y.), the Act, according to the Cattlemen's Association, is unnecessary: The industry already uses antibiotics “judiciously” to prevent disease.
Slaughter and other backers of this policy stress that research shows most antibiotics in livestock production are not given for disease prevention, but delivered at “sub-therapeutic levels” to speed growth — and therefore increase profit. And, as experts at the Government Accountability Office reported earlier this month, the inaction of the USDA and FDA to regulate antibiotic use, especially in animal production, is a serious threat to public health. It was chillingly ironic that the study came out on the heels of another major recall of Cargill gro
und turkey linked to antibiotic-resistant Salmonella.
Get Grist in your inbox Always free, always fresh. The DailyThe BeaconThe Weekly Ask your climate scientist if Grist is right for you. See our privacy policy
Lest you think the Cattlemen's Association is out on its own on this fight, other USFRA affiliates that are vocal opponents of regulating antibiotics in livestock production include the Dairy Farmers of America, National Pork Producers Council, American Egg Board, U.S. Poultry & Egg Association.
Another USFRA affiliate and board member, the National Corn Growers Association, is also battling policies that would help us protect public health. In a May 2011 statement delivered to the House Committee on Agriculture and on Natural Resources, Rod Snyder, the Corn Grower's Policy Director and chair of the Pesticide Policy Coalition, dismissed the use of the Endangered Species Act's to control toxic pesticides, describing the policy as “dysfunctional.”
He called for the administration to “immediately suspend implementation” and continue with business-as-usual, regulating pesticides under the Federal Insecticide Fungicide Rodenticide Act (FIFRA). But stress the importance of using the Endangered Species Act, explaining that FIFRA is “notoriously weak” and “industry-friendly.” According to advocates, the pesticide lobby, including USFRA members like the Corn Growers, wants to keep regulation under FIFRA because they know how to “sidestep and subvert it.”
While I believe the majority of our nation's ranchers and farmers are respectful stewards of the land with the public's best interest at heart — they're working hard to reduce their environmental impact and address pesticide, artificial hormone, and antibiotics overuse — the USFRA clearly is not representing them. Instead, a look at the Alliance affiliates reveals that it is made up of, and funded by, the biggest players in the food industry, including those who profit most from toxic agricultural chemicals, polluting farming and food processing practices, and concerning animal welfare policies. No wonder, then, that that limiting protections from toxic pesticides and pushing back against antibiotic regulation are just two of the current policy priorities of USFRA affiliates.
The USFRA is working hard to present itself as a voice of farmers and ranchers interested in a conversation with consumers. I'm all for open, honest conversation, but let's not be duped by polished PR into thinking that's what the Alliance and its inaugural Food Dialogues is intended to be.
This post originally ran on Civil Eats.
Why suicide bombers are Muslim (lack of sex) and liberals are more intelligent: A controversial psychologist's VERY politically incorrect 'truths' about human nature
Satoshi Kanazawa has made waves with his controversial evolution theories
His claim that ugly couples are more likely to have sons made headlines around the world yesterday.
But this is not the first time that evolutionary psychologist Satoshi Kanazawa has stirred up controversy with his outspoken declarations.
Usually perfectly timed to coincide with his latest book, The London School of Economics researcher has come out with a raft of startling claims about what makes us human.
Already this year he has claimed that men who cheat on their girlfriends or wives are less intelligent.
And he claimed that most suicide bombers are Muslim because they do not have enough sex.
He even gave psychological reasons why liberals are more intelligent than those with more conservative viewpoints.
Yesterday it emerged that he had unearthed new evidence that proved the principle that if a parent has any traits that will benefit one particular sex of child, they will have more of that child.
According to Kanazawa, in women this means physical attractiveness is a trait that is passed down, leading to more baby girls for better-looking women.
His latest book is almost perfectly designed to provoke debate and cause a storm of controversy with almost every entry.
Named 'Ten Politically Incorrect Truths about Human Nature' it uses Kanazawa's evolutionary psychology theories to tackle some difficult subjects.
Scroll down to get an overview of each of Kanazawa's more controversial theories
Liberals are more intelligent than conservatives
Liberals like Labour leader Ed Miliband 'are more intelligent'
Kanazawa examined the 10-volume compendium The Encyclopedia of World Cultures, which describes all human cultures known to anthropology - more than 1,500 in total.
He found that liberalism was entirely absent in their detailed examinations of each traditional civilisation.
Sharing of resources, especially food, was often mandatory among hunter-gatherer tribes and trade with neighbouring tribes often took place.
Kanazawa discovered that there is no evidence that people in contemporary hunter-gatherer bands freely share resources with members of other tribes.
'It may be reasonable to infer that sharing of resources with total strangers that one has never met or is not likely ever to meet – that is, liberalism – was not part of our ancestral life', he writes.
Kanazawa's hypothesis, in the same way as with the cheating men (below) is that more intelligent people are able to adapt more readily to novel behaviour.
Liberalism may therefore be evolutionarily novel, and so more intelligent individuals are more likely than less intelligent individuals to espouse liberalism as a value.
He wrote: ‘They [Liberals] control the institutions because liberals are on average more intelligent than conservatives and thus they are more likely to attain the highest status in any area of (evolutionarily novel) modern life.
Women are becoming more beautiful as they have more daughters
Georgia May Jagger and Jerry Hall. Beautiful women often have good-looking daughters
According to Kanazawa's theory beautiful women have more children than their plainer counterparts, and a higher proportion of those children are girls.
These daughters, once adult, also tend to be attractive and so the pattern continues.
Examples of beautiful celebrity mothers with equally beautiful daughters who are models include Jerry Hall, and her two daughters Elizabeth and Georgia Jagger, and Yasmin Le Bon and daughter Amber – who has recently modelled swimwear.
This pattern has led to women becoming steadily more beautiful over the generations, according to the theory.
However, psychologists believe women are becoming more attractive as they are making more of an effort with their looks, and have more resources to do so than ever before.
Men meanwhile apparently remain as aesthetically unappealing as their caveman ancestors.
Men who cheat are stupid, because humans are naturally polygamous
Here the theory is based on the assertion that through evolutionary history, men have always been 'mildly polygamous'.
That has changed today, however, and Dr Kanazawa explained that entering a sexually exclusive relationship is an 'evolutionarily novel' development for them.
According to his theory, intelligent people are more likely to adopt what in evolutionary terms are new practices - to become 'more evolved'.
Therefore, in the case of fidelity, men who cannot adapt and end up succumbing to temptation and cheating are likely to be more stupid.
'The theory predicts that more intelligent men are more likely to value sexual exclusivity than less intelligent men,' he explained.
According to his theory, the link between fidelity and intelligence does not apply to women because they have always been expected to be faithful to one mate - even in polygamous societies.
Why some people spend every Saturday night alone
The traits sought after by men and women are culturally universal; men everywhere in the world want women to have traits such as youth and beauty, women want men to be powerful and wealthy.
Kanazawa comforts people who do not fit into either of these stereotypes with the words: 'You may be comforted to know that you are not alone in your plight; there are losers like you everywhere in the world, and for the same reasons.'
These reasons, Kanazawa goes on to say, are that if you are alone on a Saturday night it is ‘because you probably don't possess the qualities that members of the opposite sex seek in potential mates.'
Why men like blonde bombshells
Actress Marilyn Monroe was a perfect example of all of the traits that men desire
Women want to look like Barbie with a small waist, large breasts, long blond hair, and blue eyes is because it is a direct response to the reasons men want to mate with her.
Men prefer young women because they tend to be healthier than older women, which makes reproductive sense.
Healthy women have shiny, healthy-looking hair and blonde hair displays grey hairs less obviously than dark hair. Blonde hair also changes dramatically with age so that older women are more likely to have browner hair. Men are drawn to younger women as they are typically healthier and more fertile.
Men also want women with large breasts as it's an indication of how fertile they are, according to some studies. For the same reason a large waist-to-hip ratio is preferred.
Blue eyes are preferred because they display when the pupil dilates more readily than darker eyes. Pupils dilate when a person sees something they like and so someone with blue eyes displays their dilation, and therefore approval, more readily.
Why most suicide bombers are Muslim
The linking of suicide bombers with sex made this one of his most controversial theories.
But while suicide missions are not always religiously motivated, when religion is involved, it is always Muslim, says Kanazawa.
Kanazawa states that in societies where polygyny is allowed – taking more than one wife, such as in Islam - there is a necessary number of men who are unable to mate because of the simple mathematics involved.
He says this is what makes men more violent or aggressive – they are competing for a mate.
According to his theory, this increased competitive pressure on men ‘increases the likelihood that young men resort to violent means to gain access to mates because they have little to lose and much to gain by doing so, compared to men who already have wives.'
CCTV of the 7/7 suicide bombers - who were all Muslim. Kanazawa sparked controversy by suggesting that the lack of sex is to blame for their violent behaviour
This is why, across all societies, polygyny increases violent crimes, such as murder and rape, even after controlling for such obvious factors like economic development, economic inequality, population density, the level of democracy and world regions.'
He goes on to say that the idea that 72 virgins await a martyr can inspire young men in this situation to go on to become suicide bombers.
He writes: ‘For young, low-status Muslim men who are excluded from any mating opportunities because of polygyny among older, higher-status men, even such a vague promise in the afterlife begins to be appealing in light of their bleak reproductive prospect on earth.'
Having sons reduces the likelihood of divorce
As we have seen, a man's value as a mate is largely determined by his wealth, status and power.
A father is important to his son in ensuring he inherits wealth, status and power but he can do little to keep his daughter youthful or beautiful.
His continued presence in the family is important to the son but not as crucial to his daughter. He writes: ‘Strictly in reproductive terms, there is very little that fathers (or anyone else) can do for daughters beyond keeping them alive and healthy.
‘The presence of sons therefore deters divorce and departure of the father from the family more than the presence of daughters, and this effect should be stronger among wealthy families.'
What Bill Gates and Paul McCartney have in common with criminals
A theory known as the ‘age-crime curve' says that risk-taking behaviour increases in early adolescence, peaks in early adulthood, decreases through someone's 20s and 30s, before levelling off in middle age.
The curve also relates to behaviour that is different, also known as the age-genius curve. The expression of a person's genius is most likely to find its fullest expression in their late adolescence and early adulthood, just like the young Beatle and technology pioneer.
This applies mostly to men, who like to make any behaviour that differentiates themselves from the competition as public as possible. The age-crime or age-genius curve in women is far less pronounced as they are not competing for mates in the same way.
Age-genius: Paul McCartney and Bill Gates were both at their most creative when they were young, and the most competitive
Kanazawa uses the example of Paul McCartney having not written a ‘hit song in decades' while Gates is a businessman, no longer a computer whiz kid.
Their early moments of creative breakthrough were down to a competitive instinct which compelled them to make the most of their abilities. Once men have children the cost in effort of maintaining this level drops.
Kanazawa says that men go to huge efforts to convince women to sleep with them and that many of man's achievements are down to this fact.
He writes: ‘Men have had to conquer foreign lands, win battles and wars, compose symphonies, author books, write sonnets, paint cathedral ceilings, make scientific discoveries, play in rock bands, and write new computer software in order to impress women so that they will agree to have sex with them.‘
Why the midlife crisis is a myth
Men go through their mid-life crisis only because their wives are going through one, Kanazawa declared.
When a woman reaches the menopause she can no longer reproduce and so men find themselves compelled to try and attract younger women who can.
Kanazawa claims that men who marry younger women are unlikely to have a mid-life crisis themselves because this event will not take place
He says: ‘It's not his midlife that matters; it's hers. When he buys a shiny-red sports car, he's not trying to regain his youth; he's trying to attract young women to replace his menopausal wife by trumpeting his flash and cash.'
Why male politicians risk everything to have an affair
Powerful men throughout Western history have married monogamously - only one legal wife at a time - but they have always mated polygynously by having lovers, concubines, and female slaves.
Clinton responds to a question during his videotaped testimony when he was questioned over the Lewinsky affair
So why would Bill Clinton, as President of the United States, risk everything to have sex with a younger intern? The reason, Kanazawa states, is that men only push for more political power in order to have access to more women with which to mate.
The only thing that distinguishes Clinton is that he was caught.
Men sexually harass women because they are not sexist
Another controversial theory, this time that men who intimidate women in the workplace are doing so because they are not sexist, not because they are.
The psychologist says that men use abuse, intimidation, and degradation as part of their tactics employed in competitive situations. This is how they would act with men, too. If they treat women the same, it cannot be sexism.
Danny Lewin with Akamai co-founder Tom Leighton in 1999. Photo courtesy Boston Globe
In 2013, in an excerpt adapted from Molly Knight Raskin's book, Slate told the story of Danny Lewin, who in trying to stop the hijacking for Flight 11 became the first victim of 9/11. This year, we once again remember the man whose legacy lingered long after his death.
This essay is adapted from No Better Time: The Brief, Remarkable Life of Danny Lewin, the Genius Who Transformed the Internet by Molly Knight Raskin, from Da Capo Press.
Just before 8 a.m. on Sept. 11, 2001, American Airlines Flight 11 took off from Boston's Logan Airport. Bound nonstop for Los Angeles, the flight was just one of more than 40,000 scheduled to crisscross the country that day. The plane was partially full—81 passengers, nine crewmembers, and two pilots. Many of its passengers were traveling for work on the daily scheduled flight, including 31-year-old Internet entrepreneur Danny Lewin.
The plane headed due west and held on course for 16 minutes until it passed Worcester, Mass.* Then, instead of taking a southerly turn, it swung to the north and failed to climb to its assigned cruising altitude. Around this time, a bloody hijacking began onboard. Five terrorists, all of them wielding box cutters and knives, commandeered the plane and steered it into New York airspace. At 8:46 a.m., the Boeing 767 slammed into the North Tower of the World Trade Center.
Flight 11 was the first of four planes to be hijacked the day of the attacks, killing everyone on board and hundreds more when it caused the collapse of the North Tower. But before any of the horror unfolded that day, a little-known act of heroism is likely to have taken place on Flight 11 when Lewin—an Israeli-American who served in one of the most elite counterterrorism units of the Israel Defense Force (IDF)—rose from his seat and engaged in a struggle with one of the terrorists to try to thwart the hijacking. During the struggle Lewin was killed, making him the very first victim of the 9/11 attacks.
Until now, Lewin's story has remained untold—mainly out of respect for friends and family who closely guarded their memories of the brilliant commando turned computer scientist. In addition, the official reports of what happened on Flight 11 were, for some time, conflicting and confusing. A memo mistakenly released by the Federal Aviation Administration stated that terrorist Satam al-Suqami shot and killed Lewin with a single bullet around 9:20 a.m. (obviously inaccurate, as the plane crashed at 8:46 a.m.). But almost as soon as the memo was leaked, FAA officials claimed it was written in error and that Lewin had been stabbed, not shot. The 9/11 Commission concurred in its final report, issued four years later, offering a more detailed summary: Based on dozens of interviews with those who spoke with two of the plane's flight attendants during the hijacking, the commission determined that al-Suqami most likely killed Lewin by slashing his throat from behind as he attempted, single-handedly, to try to stop the hijacking. The time of his death was reported to be somewhere between 8:15 and 8:20 a.m.
“He was the first victim of the first war of the 21st century,” says Marco Greenberg, Lewin's best friend.
But that act of heroism was not the only way Lewin made his presence felt on that terrible, unique, awful day. In a tragic twist of irony, the algorithms he helped develop, and the company he co-founded—Akamai Technologies—helped the Internet survive that day's crush of traffic— the Web equivalent of a 100-year flood.
Born in Denver, Lewin moved to Israel with his family in 1984. The move happened totally against his will; his father, Charles, had become an ardent Zionist and relocated his family to “make aliyah,” a term used to describe the repatriation of Jews to Israel. Lewin was just 14 years old, and he was furious at his family's sudden uprooting. During his first few months in Israel he struggled to learn the language and make friends. Instead of rebelling, however, Lewin turned to his two greatest assets—his physical strength and superior intellect. Sailing through his classes at a Jerusalem technology school and spending all his spare time at a local gym, Lewin fought to fit in with the tough sabras, and in time he succeeded. By age 18 he was signing up for military service in the IDF, where he joined the ranks of the country's most elite counterterrorism unit, Sayeret Mat'kal.
Because of the unit's code of silence, the details of Lewin's exploits in Sayeret Mat'kal are not known. But it is known that he spent three years training to combat terrorism on top-secret missions. After rising to the rank of captain, Lewin decided to return to graduate school to pursue his interest in math and computer science. He studied at the Technion (Israel Institute of Technology), then MIT, where he'd been accepted on a full scholarship.
It was at MIT that Lewin came up with an idea for his master's thesis that he believed had the potential to change the way the burgeoning Internet worked. In the mid-‘90s, a time when the greatest impediment to the growth of the Internet was congestion, Lewin wrote a set of algorithms he called “consistent hashing.” The idea that his thesis work could speed up the delivery of content on the massive, tangled channels that formed the Internet was audacious, but with the encouragement of his mentor—MIT professor Tom Leighton—he pursued it. By 1998, the two mathematicians had taken a complex set of algorithms, patented them, and created Akamai, a company that still today uses its intelligent software to deliver content quickly and efficiently on the Internet. By 1999, the company had grown from just a few engineers in an office near MIT to a hot tech company boasting a worldwide network of servers and big name customers including Yahoo, Apple, and CNN. Its October 1999 IPO made Lewin and Leighton overnight billionaires, but Lewin had almost no time to enjoy his early, explosive success. First came the bursting of the dot-com bubble, and with it an around-the-clock struggle to keep Akamai afloat. Then came 9/11.
On the morning of 9/11, Lewin was scheduled to travel to Los Angeles for a business meeting for Akamai. Just after dawn, he kissed his wife and kids goodbye and drove to Logan to catch Flight 11. He was sleep-deprived, having spent most of the night occupied with the grim task of laying people off to save Akamai. Yet he remained cheerful and energetic, calling the office from the tarmac and chatting with Akamai's attorney until the moment the flight attendants asked him to shut down for takeoff.
The moment Lewin's friends, family and co-workers learned of his death, they say they had no doubts about what happened during his final moments. Before any facts or official reports about the events of 9/11 had been released, everyone who knew him well believed with certainty that he tried to stop the terrorists from carrying out the hijacking. It wasn't just the fact that he was physically imposing; sheer muscle from head to toe. It was also the fact that Lewin was a trained warrior who never went down without a fight.
Because of Akamai, almost every major news site remained up and running that day, a feat that proved everything Danny promised to be possible. Today, Akamai is responsible for more than 30 percent of the world's Internet traffic, and for keeping giants like iTunes and Facebook running smoothly.
But it isn't just Akamai that Danny Lewin left behind. He left a family, all of whom continue to mourn his loss and honor him in everyday life. He left behind countless friends and co-workers, many of them battle-hardened warriors in business or the military. To this day, most of them still can't speak about him without choking back tears for the buoyant, brilliant computer scientist who changed their lives and inspired them never to fall behind.
Correction, Sept. 11, 2013: This article initially misspelled the city of Worcester, Mass. (Return.)
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Thursday said a missile attack in Syria ordered by President Trump Thursday isn't a sign of a change in U.S. policy.
"This clearly indicates the president is willing to take decisive action when called for," Tillerson said shortly after Trump launched more than 50 Tomahawk missiles at an airfield in Syria.
"I would not in any way attempt to extrapolate that to a change in our policy or posture relative to our military activities in Syria today. There has been no change in that status," he added. "I think it does demonstrate that President Trump is willing to act when governments and actors cross the line and cross the line on violating commitments they've made and cross the line in the most heinous of ways."
ADVERTISEMENT
Syria has been decimated by a civil war that began in 2011. Trump ordered the missiles launched in response to a chemical attack Tuesday that officials attribute to Syrian President Bashar Assad's forces. Dozens of rebels were killed in the chemical attack, including women and children.
Late Thursday, Trump said the decision to order a missile strike was a "vital national security interest" and would "prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons."
National security adviser H.R. McMaster, appearing alongside Tillerson Thursday, said the strikes likely won't eliminate the Assad government's capacity to carry out chemical attacks.
"Obviously the regime will maintain a certain capacity to commit mass murder with chemical weapons we think beyond this particular air field. But it was aimed at this particular airfield for a reason, because we could trace this murderous act back to that facility," he said.
McMaster also said the U.S. airstrike should communicate a "big shift in Assad's calculus."
Asked whether the strike is aimed at sending a message or damaging Assad's military capacity, McMaster responded: "This is the first time that the United States has taken direct military action against that regime or the regime of his father. So I think it was critical is with the president's decision in response to this mass murder attack but also in the context of all the previous attacks that have occurred – I think is over 50 – chemical attacks previously, post 2013 when the UN resolution went into effect."
"So I think it was both," he said."It was aimed at the capacity to commit mass murder with chemical weapons but it was not of a scope or a scale that it would go after all such related facilities.”
On my recent five-day vigil at the first-ever test match in my native Hampshire, I quickly lost count of the people who asked why I was there, what I could possibly get out of it, and why, even if I continued to insist that I loved the game, I didn't simply stay at home and listen to Test Match Special. Having been born blind, I suppose I see their point, especially because even at the Rosebowl ground I had a radio pressed to my ear at all times. They would have been even more bemused if I'd told them that while this was just a little jaunt from my nearby home, I had also attended matches, and been fixated on every ball, at Leeds, Bridgetown, Melbourne and Sydney.
The simple explanation might not have satisfied them: that I love cricket's sounds, its scores, its slowness. I delight in its long periods of apparent apathy, suddenly punctuated by a moment of frenzied excitement (I understand that non-cricket lovers claim to be unable to distinguish between the two). I, of course, attempt to explain I'm also there for the atmosphere: the sound of bat on ball in a live arena is completely different from having it filtered through the speakers of the most sophisticated stereo. I occasionally try to enliven the (to me) repetitive conversation by claiming that I can easily distinguish, merely by the sound of bat on ball, between a delicate late cut and a full-blooded on-drive; and here, accidentally perhaps, I'm beginning to approach the question people ought to be asking, which is, what exactly do I think I'm experiencing, and just how close to reality is it?
Take last weekend. Even non-cricketing types will know that there was something of a fracas at the England versus India match, when one of "our chaps" wandered off for tea before he'd been told the session had officially ended, and was run out. Debate raged during the tea interval about whether this was really "cricket" on the part of the Indians, or whether Ian Bell, the player concerned, had been slapdash and got what he deserved. In the event, The India team opted for a quiet life, and allowed Bell to have another go after tea (very garden cricket, this).
It was only later I wondered why these occasional incidents are invariably resolved in favour of the home side. Could it be as much about the visiting players not wanting to spend the next six weeks of their tour being booed, harangued and worse by angry spectators, rather than an innate sense of fair play? At the time I had other things on my mind. Unable to be there and dependent on the radio commentary, I was wondering about something else: the nature of the shot that had preceded the kerfuffle, variously described as a clip, a flick and a push to leg.
I've gradually come to realise that my picture of the game, almost exclusively drawn from the words of others, may bear little relationship to the one sighted people are playing or watching. This isn't because I haven't played: as you may be aware, there's a version of cricket blind people play against each other. It adheres to the same format – innings, runs, wickets – so its numerology is identical, but some of the mechanics are fundamentally different. For instance, we play with a bigger, softer ball, which for obvious reasons is made to rattle. If you're bowling to a totally blind player, the ball must bounce at least twice to help them locate it, and we are also allowed to take catches off one bounce.
In these soft days, I gather blind batsmen don't run: scores are based on how far the ball has been hit. At the special blind school where I and my friends regularly played, two totally blind batsmen would cheerfully hare off from opposite ends for quick singles, frequently colliding in the middle with earth-moving consequences (one of them my now slightly crooked nose).
The value of mimicry in blind cricket must not be underestimated. Mischievous fieldsmen would often imitate your batting partner in calling you for an impossible run. Compared with the gamesmanship employed by blind players, the likes of "bodyline" Jardine, Tony Greig and Paul Collingwood are mere babes in arms.
But the key difference, I now realise, is what we did with the bat. All those elaborate shots you hear described on the radio – hooks, square cuts, leg glances, back sweeps, cover-drives – were a closed book to us. After all, two bounces is not long to figure out by sound alone where the ball is: just time to raise your bat and swing wildly in the rough direction it seems to be coming from – generally known, when you were lucky enough to connect, as a biff, or a yahoo (not terms you often hear Christopher Martin-Jenkins use).
It was only when I made a rather unlikely programme for Radio 4 called Blind Man Seeks Work, the conceit of which was that I would try out all the jobs people told me I couldn't possibly do, that I discovered that for 40 years my cricket following had been based on a make-believe world. I had invited David Gower to teach me to bat, and suddenly discovered that he did not lift his bat up directly behind him, and swing it in a dead straight line at the ball. I had not had the faintest idea that when he "swept", his bat went way above shoulder height, he went down on one knee, and the bat then came round in an arc of more than 180 degrees – a series of movements that, when I tried them, practically turned me inside out. I had equally inaccurate concepts of some of his other classic shots: late cut, off-drive etc, also played with the bat at equally improbable angles. I had always visualised the "hook" as coming from underneath the ball, as I've always supposed it comes underneath the jaw in boxing, rather than from over the top; I could go on.
Mr Gower would be the first to admit that he's not too hot on the mysteries of bowling, but there, too, it became clear my experience of hurling down something almost the size of a football bore absolutely no relationship to the outswinger, the googly, and the Chinaman bowled with a conventional cricket ball.
All this led me to wonder how many other perceptions of the sports I love were based on a miasma created from words, rather than concrete shapes. Soccer, of course, is a more basic game than cricket: I've played that, too, happily hacking at thin air with my schoolfriends in pursuit of another rattling ball. But how accurate are my visualisations of the flatback four, the "diamond" formation, and four-three-three; when my boxing heroes throw out jabs and hooks, is that any more in my mind than "'it 'im, Sid"? And I still haven't the faintest idea how Andrew Murray would play a drop shot.
Does it matter? Well, the realisation has not diminished one jot my delight in the artificial combat that is sport – so much more satisfying than the real kind – and I know the philosophers will comfort me with the observation that none of us know precisely what other people see. I rest content that enjoyment is enjoyment, however illusory the roots from which it stems.
A reporter for several local newspapers, Taing Try was shot while in his car. The car of the suspected killer was found 200 metres down the road where he had to abandon it.
Reporters Without Borders is appalled by this cold-blooded murder of a journalist who was investigating a sensitive story. Environmentalist reporter Hang Serei Oudom already lost his life in late 2012 because of his coverage of deforestation and illegal logging in protected areas.
“The fact that some of the people running this lucrative trafficking in timber hold senior positions must not afford them any kind of immunity,” said Benjamin Ismaïl, the head of the Reporters Without Borders Asia-Pacific desk. “If the three detained suspects really were involved in this shocking murder, we hope they will be tried like anyone else.”
The three detained suspects – Mondolkiri police chief Ben Hieng, military police officer Khim Pheakdey and Cambodia Royal Air Force member La Narong – have reportedly admitted having a hand in the murder. All three are also suspected traffickers.
At a press conference, the police said Taing Try – a member of the Khmer Journalists for Democracy Association – had threatened to report the three suspects to the authorities.
Freedom of information is increasingly restricted in Cambodia and journalists who cover illegal logging are often the targets of threats.
Cambodia is ranked 144th out of 180 countries in the 2014 Reporters Without Borders press freedom index.
My goodness it's fun bludgeoning people to death. I know I've written scathingly in the past about so-called ultraviolent video games, but that's before I discovered Postal 2 and began to appreciate the nihilistic abandon of chasing a fat bird down the street, tasing her from behind and then lopping off her head with a shovel. M ea maxima culpa.
Business Insider‘s James Cook has an admirably even-handed report this morning with the details of the latest hoo-hah: you can now have first-person sex with prostitutes in Grand Theft Auto V, before—you guessed it—killing them to get your money back. In the past, your modesty was protected by a car door and the camera angle, but now players have full control over how they see the sex. And the murder afterwards.
I know what you're thinking. Isn't this all a bit sick? Isn't there something a bit… wrong with men and women who sit at home acting out violent fantasies? As I say, I used to think so too. But the research says there's absolutely no evidence that violence in games, or depictions of sexy women, make players any more violent, or misogynistic, in real life.
In fact, at least one university professor, Matthew Grizzard at the University at Buffalo, believes that video games make players more ethical, by increasing their sensitivity to, and awareness of, moral issues. “Violent video-game play may actually lead to increased moral sensitivity,” says Grizzard. “This may, as it does in real life, provoke players to engage in voluntary behavior that benefits others.”
He continues: “Our findings suggest that emotional experiences evoked by media exposure can increase the intuitive foundations upon which human beings make moral judgments. This is particularly relevant for video-game play, where habitual engagement with that media is the norm for a small, but considerably important group of users.”
That certainly rings true when you consider the delicate moral sensibilities of the GamerGate movement, which, although unfairly painted by prudes and the offence brigade as a misogynistic movement, is principally concerned with the disproportionate airtime pseudo-academic feminist critics are awarded by the lazy, morally compromised games press, which mainly consists of spoilt West Coast brats having tantrums about perceived sexism.
GamerGate supporters are genuinely appalled by ethical failures in journalism. And, although I haven't done a straw poll, I'd be willing to bet their views on murder and rape aren't that positive either—perhaps because they, far better than the games journalists and games critics who, when all's said and done, don't really like video games all that much, understand the difference between the real and virtual worlds. That's why I can't get too upset about all this ho-slaying, theft, murder and other general depravity.
And, you know, the sort of people who get upset about these games are the sort of people who, frankly, deserve to be permanently pissed off. The family values moral panic brigade and the feminist outrage factory on Twitter are, although they wouldn't like the comparison, basically the same kinds of people. And they're both wrong: wrong about the research, wrong about the societal effect of these video games, and definitely very wrong to want to censor them.
So carry on shagging, slugging and slaughtering whores, GTA fans. If for no other reason than the fact it makes the right people furious. Because—I don't mind admitting it—sending those frothing, censorious bores into apoplectic fits of rage is one of the most rewarding games on the internet.
There is a thriving sub-culture of folks out there who dismiss evolution and instead promote an alternative known as, “Intelligent Design”. At the forefront of this movement is the Discovery Institute. Often when I hear such claims, I dismiss them with the observation that they have no actual evidence, hence its not science.
As a response to this observation, they have a list of claimed Peer-review articles that are supposed to be credible. The link to the list on their site is here, so lets take a look.
This list from the Discovery Institute is entitled – “Peer-Reviewed & Peer-Edited Scientific Publications Supporting the Theory of Intelligent Design (Annotated)”
At first glance it does indeed appear to be a long list of scientific publications that support their position, but wait hang on a moment, what exactly do we have in this list:
We find Books. They claim they are peer-reviewed, but in the context of book publication, the concept of peer-review has no meaning. The fact that books have been published does not in any way prove anything. There are books out there written by astrologers that have been read by other astrologers, should we also consider those to be peer-reviewed publications and so start paying attention to astrology … I think not. Publishers print what sells, not what is true.
We have articles that are from “Peer-reviewed scientific anthologies”. What the heck is a Peer-reviewed scientific anthology, this is not a recognised standard.
Then we have terms such as Peer-Edited and Editor-Reviewed articles. Nope, those don't count either and are not recognised terms
So, if we filter all this out, do we have anything left? Actually yes we do, we apparently have a list of 12 Peer-reviewed articles from Scientific journals that are claimed to support intelligent design. Is this finally it? Well, lets take a look.
Article 1 – A.C. McIntosh, “Information and Entropy — Top-Down or Bottom-Up Development in Living Systems?,” International Journal of Design & Nature and Ecodynamics, Vol. 4(4):351-385 (2009
The International Journal of Design & Nature and Ecodynamics is a fringe publication of the featherweight Wessex Institute of Technology, in other words its not a real scientific journal, this is simply a vanity journal that publishes papers written by its own editors. McIntosh is on their Editorial Board, and one of their other editors is the young earth creationist Stuart Burgess – Fail
Article 2 – William A. Dembski and Robert J. Marks II, “Conservation of Information in Search: Measuring the Cost of Success,” IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man and Cybernetics A, Systems & Humans, Vol. 39 (5):1051-1061 (September, 2009)
What do others have to say about this, do they find it credible as an ID paper? Nope, see reviews here, and here, and here.
Dembski has, for years, been pushing an argument based on some work called the No Free Lunch (NFL) theorems. The NFL theorems prove that average over all possible search landscapes, no search algorithm can outperform a random walk. The NFL theorems are true and correct – they're valid math, and they're even useful in the right setting. In fact, if you really think about it, they're actually quite obvious. Dembski has been trying to apply the NFL theorems to evolution: his basic argument is that evolution (as a search) can't possibly produce anything without being guided by a supernatural designer – because if there wasn't some sort of cheating going on in the evolutionary search, according to NFL, evolution shouldn't work any better than random walk – meaning that it's as likely for humans to evolve as it is for them to spring fully formed out of the ether. This doesn't work for a very simple reason: evolution doesn't have to work in all possible landscapes. Dembski always sidesteps that issue.
So yes, this is an appropriate publication in its context, and the maths is OK, but claims that it supports ID when applied to Evolution are not in this paper. Nor can that claim be substantiated by any data from either here or anywhere else
Status as a paper that supports ID – Fail .
Article 3 – Ø. A. Voie, “Biological function and the genetic code are interdependent,” Chaos, Solitons and Fractals, Vol 28(4) (2006
Sigh! … Well its a real journal, another maths one, and what we have here is an attempt to take Gödel's theorem and try to apply it to something other than formal axiomatic systems … oh thats such a bad idea. This is a journal for fractals, so its no shock that the reviewers had the wool pulled over their eyes. If they were familiar with Gödel and information theory it would not have been published. Here is a link to an appropriate Subject-matter expert who attempts to digest this and ends up spitting it out.
So in summary, It's not just a paper out of context, its a bad paper that does not hold together – Fail
Article 4 – David L. Abel & Jack T. Trevors, “Self-organization vs. self-ordering events in life-origin models,” Physics of Life Reviews, Vol. 3:211–228
This has been falsified – Fail
Article 5 – John A. Davison, “A Prescribed Evolutionary Hypothesis,” Rivista di Biologia/Biology Forum 98 (2005)
This is a non-peer reviewed, proprietary journal. The article was only published here after the DI sponsored it – no regular journal would have it. However, it was recognised, and did indeed win an award, it was voted “crankiest” on crank.net – Fail .
Article 6 – S.C. Meyer, “The Origin of Biological Information and the Higher Taxonomic Categories,” Proceedings of the Biological Society of Washington, 117(2) (2004)
All we actually have here is an very bad attempt to reorganize already existing information. This article was not peer-reviewed according to the standards of the Biological Society of Washington, but rather slipped into the journal by an editor without proper review. The publisher repudiated the article; – Fail .
Article 7 – M.J. Behe and D.W. Snoke, “Simulating Evolution by Gene Duplication of Protein Features That Require Multiple Amino Acid Residues,” Protein Science, 13 (2004)
This article was indeed peer-reviewed according to the normal procedures. The conclusions, however, were rapidly and voluminously disputed by others in the field, and the controversy was addressed by the editors. It argues against one common genetic mechanism of evolution. It says nothing at all in support of design. Its assumptions and conclusion have been rebutted (M. Lynch 2005). – Fail
Article 8 – D. A. Axe, “Estimating the Prevalence of Protein Sequences Adopting Functional Enzyme Folds,” Journal of Molecular Biology, Vol. 341 (2004)
This article does not support Intelligent design theory, that fact was established during the Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District, you can read the testimony here that proves this. If that's not enough, then here is a detailed analysis of the paper. – Fail
Article 9 – W.-E. Lönnig & H. Saedler, “Chromosome Rearrangements and Transposable Elements,” Annual Review of Genetics, 36 (2002)
Annual Review of Genetics does not publish new research results; it publishes review articles, which summarize the current state of thinking on some topic. Although the thrust of the article is in opposition to the modern evolutionary picture, nowhere does it mention “design”. It references Behe and Dembski only in a couple long lists of references indicating a variety of different options. Neither author is singled out. – Fail
Article 10 – D.K.Y. Chiu & T.H. Lui, “Integrated Use of Multiple Interdependent Patterns for Biomolecular Sequence Analysis,” International Journal of Fuzzy Systems, 4(3) (September 2002)
Chiu and Lui (2002) mention complex specified information in passing, but go on to develop another method of pattern analysis. – Fail
Article 11 – M.J. Denton, J.C. Marshall & M. Legge, (2002) “The Protein Folds as Platonic Forms: New Support for the pre-Darwinian Conception of Evolution by Natural Law,” Journal of Theoretical Biology 219 (2002)
Denton and Marshall (2001) and Denton et al. (2002) deal with non-Darwinian evolutionary processes, but they do not support intelligent design. In fact, Denton et al. (2002) explicitly refers to natural law. – Fail
Article 12 – D. A. Axe, “Extreme Functional Sensitivity to Conservative Amino Acid Changes on Enzyme Exteriors,” Journal of Molecular Biology, Vol. 301 (2000)
Axe finds that changing 20 percent of the external amino acids in a couple proteins causes them to lose their original function, even though individual amino acid changes did not. There was no investigation of change of function. Axe's paper is not even a challenge to Darwinian evolution, much less support for intelligent design. Axe himself has said that he has not attempted to make an argument for design in any of his publications (Forrest and Gross 2004, 42). – Fail .
Conclusion
Thats it then … nada, zilch, nothing, not one jot.
There are hundreds of papers published each month whose authors find evolution useful in explaining their results. One would think that, if “intelligent design” has any scientific merit, there would be a significant number of papers each month presenting evidence of supernatural intervention by an intelligent designer. Surely the many religious scientists, in particular, wouldn't fail to publish results that turn out to support intelligent design, even if that wasn't the original focus of their research.
There is indeed a claim that there are credible peer-reviews papers that support ID, but when looked at, all we find are incandescent vapors and reflective materials … that's “Smoke And Mirrors” to you and me. Anybody not familiar with the conversation will be easily fooled, so please learn to be skeptical and don't be among that number, because there is indeed no credible evidence that supports any form of supernatural intervention.
One Final Thought
How should we respond to stuff like this, should we respect it, or respect the authors behind this nonsense? Nope.
Ridicule is the only weapon which can be used against unintelligible propositions. –Thomas Jefferson
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Skype
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
DETROIT - The new home for the Detroit Red Wings will be called "Little Caesars Arena."
Team ownership made the announcement Thursday morning.
"Little Caesars is part of the fabric of our community," said Chris Ilitch, president and CEO of Ilitch Holdings, Inc.
Ilitch said to have the company's namesake in their hometown on a world-class facility is "an amazing tribute."
Aerial footage: Red Wings arena construction
The arena is scheduled to open in September 2017. It will be part of the larger District Detroit, which sits at Woodward Avenue and Interstate 75.
Little Caesars President David Scrivano called it a "strategic investment in our brand."
“It's going to be an awesome community gathering place," he said. "The largest Little Caesars character in the world will be on the top of the arena. We're going to do this larger than life.”
A 20-year naming rights agreement averages more than $6.25 million per year.
Mike Ilitch and his family own the Red Wings and the pizza chain as well as the Detroit Tigers.
The naming is in stark contrast to the Red Wings' current home, Joe Louis Arena, which is named after the world-renowned boxing icon. The Red Wings have called "The Joe" home since 1979.
More: Red Wings make plans to mark final season at Joe Louis Arena
Copyright 2016 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
The Supreme Court is being asked to decide when an online threat becomes worthy of prosecution, in what could be the first internet speech case to reach the high court's docket for the 2013-2104 term beginning next month.
The justices are weighing whether to review the prosecution of an Iraq war veteran handed 18 months (.pdf) in prison for singing in a 2010 YouTube video that he would kill a local Tennessee judge if the judge did not grant him visitation rights to his young daughter.
“We think It's potentially quite a significant case. People say things in the online world that they don't mean seriously,” said the veteran's attorney, Chris Rothfeld. “Second, it's difficult to tell in the online world how a statement is intended. People say things and write things and they are read in an entirely different context.”
The case comes at a time when it has become routine for adults and juveniles to be prosecuted in federal and state court for their threatening online speech.
Rothfeld maintains that the federal threats law — which dates to a 1932 statute making extortion illegal and applies to the offline world as well — is unconstitutional. A felony conviction, he said, is based on whether a “reasonable person” would believe the threatening statement was made with the intent to inflict bodily injury and was uttered to achieve some goal through intimidation.
Rothfeld argues that what should matter is whether the person making the threat was serious, not whether a “reasonable person” would conclude he or she was.
“Whose state of mind do you look at? We say you must look at the state of the mind of the speaker,” he said.
In his eight-minute YouTube video, defendant Franklin Jeffries strummed a guitar while singing a song of revenge.
“And when I come to court this better be the last time. I'm not kidding at all, I'm making this video public. ‘Cause if I have to kill a judge or a lawyer or a woman I don't care,” Jeffries chants on the video.
“Take my child and I'll take your life,” the song continues.
Rofthfeld said his client was an Iraq war veteran suffering post traumatic stress disorder and never intended to carry out his words.
“He was encouraged by psychologists to vent in song,” he said.
Of eight circuit courts of appeal to decide the issue, only the San Francisco-based 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has chosen to view the law the in line with Rothfeld's interpretation. When there is a split in circuits, that's usually when the high court intervenes to assure conformity across the country.
“Although some disagreement exists among the courts of appeals on the question whether proof of a true threat requires proof of a subjective intent to threaten, review of that question is not warranted because the circuit split is shallow and may resolve itself without this Court's intervention and because any error was harmless,” the government wrote the justices while urging them to reject the case.
The justices are to meet in private September 30 to discuss whether they will review the case.
The Obama administration argued in a brief to the justices that the law is designed to protect individuals from fearing violence, regardless of whether the person who made the threat actually meant it.
The Solicitor General's office wrote, “requiring proof of a subjective intent to threaten would undermine one of the central purposes of prohibiting threats.”
Testimonials
Mike, Palermo
I will keep using your Cialis. I am well into my 60s and your Cialis gave me what I lost: long lasting erection and delights of youth. My order arrived within 5 days in good condition. I received my medicine in time and I think that this is a sign of ...
Eric Anderson
First skeptical about this site which I've never bought from I called their customer support and learned all details of placing an order and delivery process. The price was reasonable so I decided to give it a chance. I received my packaged well wrapped ...
Jim, 50, Milan
“I brought a young wife from the Philippines and I am pretty addicted to sex despite my age. LOL. To support my libido I have been taking Cialis almost half of a year. Different doses are helpful different times. No problem with erection happened within this ...
Mike Pence (R-IN) (C) talks with reporters as he departs a meeting at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, July 28, 2011. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
(Reuters) - A major gaming convention, Gen Con, threatened on Tuesday to move its annual event out of Indiana if Gov. Mike Pence signs into law a controversial bill that would allow private businesses to deny service to homosexuals on religious grounds.
Pence has signaled he will sign the bill, possibly this week, after the Republican-controlled Indiana Senate overwhelmingly approved on Tuesday a lower-house version of the bill and moved it to the Republican governor's desk.
Both houses had previously passed the bill, which supporters say will keep the government from forcing business owners - such as bakeries and florists who don't want to provide services to gay couples - from acting in ways contrary to strongly held religious beliefs.
Opponents say the legislation is discriminatory. The Indianapolis Star has reported that big employers in Indiana, including tech giant Salesforce, diesel engine maker Cummins and Eskenazi Health, have opposed the measure.
On Tuesday, Seattle-based Gen Con's Chief Executive Adrian Swartout said in a letter to the governor that diverse attendance is important to its annual convention, which it says has a $50 million yearly impact on Indianapolis.
“Legislation that could allow for refusal of service or discrimination against our attendees will have a direct negative impact on the state's economy and will factor into our decision-making on hosting the convention in the state of Indiana in future years,” wrote Swartout.
He said Gen Con hosted more than 56,000 attendees at the Indiana Convention Center last year.
Social conservatives have pushed for such laws following court rulings legalizing same-sex marriage, and anticipating a U.S. Supreme Court ruling this year on whether states can ban same-sex marriage.
Gay marriage became legal in Indiana last year following an appeals court ruling.
The M-6 Carnifex is a heavy pistol in Mass Effect 2, Mass Effect 3, and a pistol in Mass Effect: Andromeda.
Contents show]
Mass Effect 2 Edit
M-6 Carnifex General Stats Type Heavy Pistol Location Omega Accuracy Moderate Recoil High Fire Mode Semi-Automatic Fire Rate 145 RPM Reload Time 1.43 Ammo Per Clip 6 Damage & Bonus Multipliers Base 85.4 Armor ×1.5 Shields ×1.0 Barrier ×1.0 Spare Ammo Capacity Default 18 Armor Pack 19 Upgraded N/A Both N/A Pickup Amount (Min - Max) 3 - 7
Description Edit
Highly accurate and lethal sidearm. Effective against armor; weak against shields and biotic barriers. Upgrades the Predator heavy pistol.
The Carnifex is a favored sidearm of mercenary leaders and Eclipse mercenary tech specialists. An expensive but powerful weapon. Its marketing materials feature a charging krogan with the slogan "Don't you wish Carnifex was at your side?"
Acquisition Edit
The M-6 can be obtained while recruiting Mordin Solus on Omega. Mordin gives it to Shepard when the Commander arrives at the med clinic and mentions that it was recovered from a dead Blue Suns mercenary.
Squad Use Edit
This weapon can be used by Jack, Jacob, Miranda, Mordin, Tali, Kasumi, Liara and Wilson.
Player Notes Edit
Serves as a high-calibre, high-recoil "Magnum" type pistol of Mass Effect 2.
Although dealing increased damage over the M-3, the M-6 has: A slower firing rate Much more recoil and a slower recovery rate Less magazine and less spare ammo capacity.
The M-6 deals a total of 2,049.6 damage as opposed to the M-3's 2,678.4 total damage. These values are based on base damage values and default ammo counts.
Using Cryo Ammo may help to offset the Carnifex's very low ammo supply, as frozen enemies take twice as much damage and therefore fewer shots to kill.
Mass Effect 3 Edit
Mass Effect: Andromeda Edit
Trivia Edit
Who knew that a three-piece, girl metal idol group would break the record Japanese artists have been trying so hard to break for the last 50 years? Countless artists have tried—ranging from R&B singer Toshinobu Kubota, pop goddess Utada Hikaru and Harajuku's favorite Kyary Pamyu Pamyu. The list goes on and on.
Yet Babymetal is the first Japanese act in almost half a century to appear on the U.S. Billboard's Top 40 with their album Metal Resistance.
Pretty big deal, right?
Babymetal consists of Su-Metal, Yuimetal and Moametal. They are under the rule of "Kitsune-sama" or "Fox God," who personally chose the three to become Babymetal. (In Japan, foxes are believed to be a spiritual entity. [Naruto anyone?])
It may seem like a lot, but the three stars recently visited REVOLT's New York offices and spoke to us about the Fox God, their career and music, and even their fashion sense.
Interview | Babymetal REVOLT News 00:00 04:12
The group is currently on (and slaying) their third world tour and you can still catch them at the following dates:
7/12 | Seattle, Washington | Showbox SoDo
7/14| San Francisco, CA | Regency
7/15 | Los Angeles, CA | The Wiltern
7/17 | Bridgeview, IL | Chicago Open Air Festival
7/18 | Columbus, OH | AP Music Awards
In the meantime, don't forget to watch Babymetal teach our own Hannah Rad how to do their "Gimme Chocolate!!" dance below.
Lying to the public is Hillary Clinton's most consistent policy position. She lies to get votes, lies about her record, and sometimes she just lies because that's what she does. It's part of her nature. She has sociopathic tendencies, and therefore is drawn to lying like it's some kind of metaphysical magnet by which she can express some dark, otherwise ineffable nether-region of her deeply disturbed soul.
Clinton gave a speech on Tuesday in which she tried to strike some populist chords, telling everyone that as President she'll concern herself with ‘renegotiating trade deals' and that she opposes the Trans-Pacific Partnership especially.
Does anyone seriously believe that line of bullshit?
In 2012 Clinton called the TPP, then in negotiation stages, the ‘gold standard‘ of trade deals. It remains officially unclear why Clinton changed her mind. Officially she says she never planned to endorse it or not endorse it until the negotiations were done. One has to wonder if her opinion has anything to do with the fact that the Neoliberal trade deal is extremely unpopular, a fact exacerbated by the populist rhetoric from her Democratic Primary opponent Bernie Sanders.
“We need to keep upping our game both bilaterally and with partners across the region through agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership or TPP. … This TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field. And when negotiated, this agreement will cover 40 percent of the world's total trade and build in strong protections for workers and the environment.” – Hillary Clinton
It doesn't matter what Hillary Clinton says about the TPP or anything else. The people she receives her orders from want it, so she supports it by default.
Harris Football: Award-Winning Fantasy Football Podcast
Fantasy Football Advice, News, Strategies, Rankings & More!
Christopher Harris is an eight-year veteran of ESPN who launched his own fantasy football podcast in 2015. The Harris Football Podcast has been honored with several awards, including Best Fantasy Podcast by the Fantasy Sports Writers Association. Chris's worldview on fantasy is: analytics are fine, but there's no substitute for watching game film, so he watches all the film, every game, to establish opinions about players and to produce ranks that help you win. In other words, he's as obsessed with the NFL and fantasy football as you are.
Every weekday throughout the season, Chris gives his rankings, talks waiver wire, discusses trade targets, and helps you construct a winning team. Chris's approach of “film over narratives” has changed the way thousands of fans view the NFL. “The Little Podcast That Could” has become a staple for tens of thousands of serious football fans, and its motto — “Film Don't Lie” — is a mantra that helps folks win their leagues.
There are 506,065 registered voters in Virginia's 7th congressional district.
About 364,000 of them, or 72 percent, support immigration reform that includes legalization of those currently undocumented, according to a new Public Policy Polling survey.
Only 36,120 of them, or 7 percent, voted to oust Rep. Eric Cantor, who was attacked as insufficiently anti-immigration despite his opposition to the Senate bill.
Also yesterday, Sens. Lindsey Graham (South Carolina) and Susan Collins (Maine), who unlike Cantor actually voted for immigration reform and spend more time tending to constituents at home, coasted in their Republican primaries: 57 percent and 98 percent, respectively.
Last month, Rep. Renee Ellmers (North Carolina) cruised in her Republican primary after publicly feuding on-air with conservative talk radio host Laura Ingraham and accusing her of being “ignorant” by opposing all immigration reform.
Ingraham now is being celebrated by anti-immigration forces for defeating Cantor, and pundits everywhere are declaring immigration reform dead.
But the numbers don't add up to make that case.
Speaker John Boehner has six weeks before President Barack Obama will act unilaterally to ease deportations.
He can succumb to the panic, bury reform and let Obama and the Democrats get all the glory from the Latino community.
Or he can look at the numbers, realize that Republicans can manage anti-immigration backlash with a little Politics 101, recognize that the primary season is largely over anyway, and do what's right for both immigrants and the Republican Party's long-term viability.
Samsung Electronics may be struggling to embed optical fingerprint readers into mobile display panels due to the fact that the current technology has a tendency to cause brightness imbalance issues, one industry insider said earlier this week. The concept render provided by the source that can be seen above this writing visualizes Samsung's supposed problem, with the tech giant apparently struggling to balance the brightness of its mobile display panels with integrated fingerprint sensors. The area where the scanner is located is said to be too bright, though it's currently unclear whether the issue is as pronounced as the one depicted in the image above. Likewise, there's still no concrete information on the frequency of the flaw, though Samsung is presumably struggling with yield rates and has already managed to create working prototypes of in-screen fingerprint scanners whose brightness is perfectly balanced.
The latest rumor comes shortly after reports that the South Korean original equipment manufacturer (OEM) decided against equipping the Galaxy Note 8 with an optical fingerprint sensor due to some unspecified issues with implementation and may explain that supposed decision. Several alleged renders of the upcoming Android-powered flagship that leaked online earlier this year suggested the opposite, heavily implying that the Galaxy Note 8 will have an in-screen sensor after all, though that still doesn't seem like a realistic scenario given how more credible sources claimed that Samsung won't be commercializing this technology until spring 2018 and the Galaxy S9 series. The somewhat awkward placement of the fingerprint sensor is one of only few complaints consumers have about the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus, with both devices being otherwise mostly praised for their unique design and capabilities.
Reports on the release schedule of the Galaxy Note 8 have been almost as conflicting, with industry insiders being unable to agree on whether the phablet will be unveiled in mid-August or early September at IFA Berlin 2017. The Seoul-based phone maker is reportedly looking to beat the Apple iPhone 8 lineup to the market and may opt for a mid-August launch in that case, though that would likely leave it without a flagship product to showcase at the Berlin-based trade show where it traditionally had a strong presence. More details on the Galaxy Note 8 and Samsung's other hardware efforts are expected to follow in the coming weeks.
It is way too hot here. And frankly, Korra finds it kind of absurd that she and Asami have wound up back at the Misty Palms Oasis. Finding a way out of the desert had been a pain and after all that genius work Asami had pulled off to keep them alive, they had to end up back here of all places.
And seriously, it is just oppressively warm—her Water Tribe blood just isn't cut out for this choking dry heat. To further prove her point, the ice in her juice was already beginning to melt despite having been served just minutes ago. She glances over to Asami: her friend is just sitting calm and cool and collected, running a finger down the side of her glass, cutting a smooth, clear line through the condensation.
Asami looks up and meets her eyes. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah. Just overheating a little.”
Korra shifts uncomfortably in her seat. She just hopes to Raava that she doesn't smell. What if her pits stink? The shirt she's wearing is sleeveless, which is great because again, it's really hot … but what if Asami thinks she has BO? Asami never smells anything but good because she's just always perfect (though sometimes, you can detect faint traces of gasoline and metal in her clothes, but Korra thinks that's sort of badass).
“Hey, ladies, this seat taken?” A deep voice booms above them.
They both look up. A muscley man with a ridiculously pruned goatee and creepy smile stands over their table. Though he'd addressed both of them, he's very clearly interested only in Asami. At least judging from the way he's borderline leering at her.
“Can I get you a drink, beautiful?” Korra wants to sock this guy in his big dumb face. First, Asami already has a drink in front of her, thank you very much, and second, just ew, because she's way out of your league, buddy.
Asami just smiles sweetly. “I already have one, thanks. My girlfriend here got it for me.” Korra nearly jumps when Asami loops an arm around her shoulder and pulls her close.
The man doesn't leave, just looks at the two of them a bit dumbfounded, which, she doesn't really blame him, because just what in the flameo is going on right now?
Asami doesn't move her arm. “My girlfriend,” she says slowly. “The Avatar.”
His eyes shift over to Korra. It must be her cue to glower or grunt or display some sort of possessive machismo posturing. So, she scowls intensely, trying to channel Mako's grumpiest face (there are a lot of them and it takes her a while to settle on one).
“Al … right.” The man turns around and leaves.
Asami's grip on her shoulder relaxes. Korra does her best not to look disappointed
“Sorry about that—” Asami starts.
“You two are just so fricking cute!”
She and Asami both jump in their seats, startled. Now what?
This time it's two people: Bolin's weird Nuktuk fans from the other day.
“Nuktuk just has the coolest friends!” the man shouts, about two decibels too loudly.
The woman (Lily? Was that her name?) makes a strange cooing sound. “The Avatar and the Industrialist, wow. They should make a mover about you guys!”
Korra looks over to Asami who just coolly takes her hand in hers, weaving their fingers together. What? What. Was. Happening? Korra really isn't sure why they're playing along with these two, but prays that Asami doesn't notice how sweaty her hand is.
“Aw, that's so sweet of you to say,” Asami says, eyes twinkling. “Don't you think so, babe?”
“Um, what?” She feels Asami's hand tighten around hers before letting go. The loss of contact snaps her out of it. “Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's—thanks?”
The two weirdos continue to stand there fawning at them, so Korra tries her best to give them a smile. Right now, she could bet on her life that it probably looks more like a painful grimace. She's never been good at faking stuff like this. And apparently, their new best friends are apparently too starstruck or dumb to tell the difference because they will just not leave.
“So dreamy! What do you two do for fun? What's your ideal date like? Living in Republic City must be so, so exciting and romantic,” the man (Macau, was it?) gushes.
Asami leans forward and props her elbows on the table. “Oh, lots of things. Korra is just so thoughtful, sometimes she takes me out for ice cream sandwiches—you know, the fun ones that come in those fish-shaped waffles. Other times, we go on casual dates, just walking around the botanical gardens … holding hands, of course.”
Korra just stares at her, stupefied. Has Asami given this a lot of thought, or …? Maybe these are the kinds of dates she and Mako used to go on? Though, honestly, Korra just can't imagine Mako eating ice cream, much less fun ice cream—something about that image just seems so wrong, like Lin Beifong enjoying a carousel ride. Or Tenzin playing hopscotch.
“And she takes me to this great lookout point near the bay because of how much I love the water,” Asami continues. “Did you know she gives me piggyback rides, too? I mean, look at how strong her arms are!”
Asami punctuates that last lie with a gentle squeeze around her bare bicep. Korra nearly squeaks in surprise. Yeah, wow, it is way too hot out here in the desert. That must be why her face feels so warm.
And she's at a loss for words because, like, what is she even supposed to say to that? She's always been crap at taking compliments. Also, what is up with people and her muscles today? First, Mako's grandma and now Asami?
Before she knows it, she's playing nervously with her own hair, tugging each ponytail on either side of her face again and again like she used to when she was a kid. Korra looks up to see Lily doing the same thing with her twin braids, mirroring her nervous tic with a dopey expression on her face.
Korra freezes. Now might be a good time to adopt a cuter nervous habit, like Asami's cool hair flip or Mako's trademark brooding brow pinch.
“Aw, well, we'll leave you two love turtleducks to your date,” Macau says. Korra sighs in relief. “Tell Nuktuk we said hi!”
Once they're out of sight, Asami laughs a little and turns to Korra. “Sorry about that. Bolin or Mako are usually my fake boyfriends whenever some weirdo tries to hit on me. So, thanks.”
“Um, no problem?” If Korra didn't smell before, she definitely smelled now because she was sweating through her clothes.
Asami shrugs. “Sorry if that got weird. Bolin's usually better at improvising and doing the whole macho thing. I'm not as good at making stuff up.”
“Oh,” is all she can manage to say. Korra wants to kick herself.
Still a nervous wreck, she looks over to Asami and—was she overheating, too? Because Korra swears she could have seen her turn red just now.
--
Even though it's only been a few days, Asami is so glad to have Korra back in the city. Things are crazy, of course, what with the Earth Empire mess and Prince Wu nearly getting kidnapped, but in the few moments of downtime they're able share, the dynamic between them feels so natural and easy, almost as if Korra had never left all those years ago.
Today's one of those rare, quiet days, so when the Avatar suggests that they put their responsibilities on hold and spend some time downtown away from everyone else, Asami immediately and enthusiastically agrees.
Right now, they're soaking in the spring sun as they enjoy a leisurely walk around Republic City's impressively large botanical gardens, snacking on the koi-shaped waffles filled with red bean and ice cream that Korra had insisted on buying. So far, the day has been quite a treat and Asami can't remember the last time she felt so content and so at ease.
“Good?”
She looks up to find bright blue eyes twinkling at her. Mid-bite, Asami brushes off a crumb from the side of her mouth.
“Mm,” she hums, nodding.
Korra smiles, satisfied. “Good.”
The flowers are in full bloom: tiny, delicate white blossoms, yellow-petaled trumpets with fuzzy red stamen, pretty little bells that are blue like Korra's eyes. Looking at her now, Asami can sense something different about her friend. Other than the sharp-looking hair cut, of course. Throughout the day, the 21-year-old Avatar has been exuding a mature kind of calm, her demeanor displaying a quiet, steady strength.
“Hello, there.”
One of the gardeners approaches them, a young, handsome man wearing a slightly dirtied khaki jumpsuit. With the confidence typical of men his age, he flashes her a flirtatious smile, his brown eyes earnest and sweet. Asami says a polite hello.
“I get off work in an hour and you're so beautiful that I was wondering …”
“Sorry, buddy,” Korra cuts in roughly. “She's with me.”
A second later and Korra's taken Asami's hand and looped it under arm. Strange, Asami often did have the habit of taking her dates by the arm, but she's never had it done for her before.
Korra is puffing up her chest and it's a gesture both endearing and comical since she's a good head shorter than the man she's attempting to deflect. After a few uncomfortable seconds, the gardener mumbles an awkward apology and scurries off. Well, that was easy.
“Thanks for that,” she tells her, a little grateful. Asami notices Korra hasn't released her arm. In fact, she's placed a hand over hers, keeping it firmly in place.
“No problem,” she says, grinning. That goofy, adorable, lop-sided grin.
They continue walking. “I don't know what the deal is lately. It's been nonstop, even Wu … I thought dressing down and putting my hair up like this …” Asami says, motioning to her ponytail. It's a little embarrassing, but her nervousness compels her to blather on and on and she can't find a good reason to stop.
“… you know, all professional-like and boring. I thought it'd cut down on that kind of attention, but it doesn't seem to be working.”
“I like your hair like that. It isn't boring,” Korra tells her. “I mean, I liked how it was before, too! But pulled back, I can see more of your face or whatever.”
“Thanks,” Asami manages to say.
Still linked arm-in-arm, she privately hopes Korra doesn't notice how warm she is. They make their way through the rest of the expansive gardens, passing under canopies of crawling ivy, weaving between lush green spirit vines, lingering in groves of lemon trees, sometimes pausing to touch a rose or two. When the sun begins to set, Korra announces that she'd like to see Yue Bay.
The sky is steeped in rich orange light by the time they reach the docks. The air smells of saltwater and drying seaweed, and fisherman have begun to bring their boats in for the night, looping rope fast around the iron dock cleats.
They pass by a little dinghy being pulled in by three young women. One of the sailors, tall and tattooed with a handsome brown face and close-cropped hair, calls out to them.
“Hey, you! Blue eyes!”
Korra looks around confusedly before pointing a finger to her own chest.
“Yeah, you! What's your name? Why don't you let me take you out for a pint, eh? What d'ya say?”
Korra just laughs goodnaturedly. “I'm good! Spoken for!” she shouts back, taking Asami by the hand.
“Aw,” the woman groans. “No luck. Well, come back if you change your mind!”
Asami bites down a shiver when she feels Korra's thumb stroke lightly over her knuckles.
“Man, this haircut,” Korra says, hand still grasped firmly in hers. “People don't really recognize me. It's kind of nice.”
It takes all of Asami's willpower not to reach over and play with said hair. The soft, brown locks are shining—almost glowing, really—under the warm rays of setting sun. Asami really, really wants to touch it, but since Korra's conveniently seemed to forgotten that they're still holding hands, she decides not to push her luck.
“Hey,” Korra says abruptly, jarring Asami from her thoughts. She squats down close to the ground, legs bent. “Get on.”
“Huh?”
“Um, just,” Korra sputters awkwardly. “Oh, here.”
She isn't quite sure how, but Korra somehow manages to trip her from where she was standing, making her tumble messily over and onto her own crouched body—
And, with an embarrassingly loud yelp, Asami suddenly finds herself affixed to Korra's back like a crazed monkey, arms draped over shoulders and clinging tight, her legs wrapped around her midsection, thighs gripped on either side by the Avatar's very strong and very capable arms …
A piggyback ride, that's what it's called, that's what's happening right now. And Asami is frantic and excited all at once because she's still not sure what's going on except that Korra is running at full speed up a hill or cliff and very much giving her a piggyback ride that's edging on terrifying because Asami is still a good deal taller than Korra and how exactly is she balancing her weight and proportions?
Then, just like that, they come to a stop and Korra lowers herself, gingerly letting her down. They're both out of breath and laughing and that's when Asami notices that they're someplace very high up, the sparkling ocean far below them. This is a nice view: they're standing at the perfect spot (a weathered wooden sign indicates they're at La's lookout point) at the perfect time, because now, the sun is almost done setting, leaving behind a breathtaking tapestry of color over the horizon.
When Korra joins her near the cliff's edge, she takes her by the hand and Asami's breath hitches a little. There isn't anyone else around. They're alone. So, why is Korra holding her hand exactly?
“Is there anything else you want to do today?” Korra asks, her voice soft and a bit shaky (is she nervous?).
Asami isn't really sure what she means. “What's that?”
“Um, well, years ago, the stuff you said you'd do on an ideal date …” Korra bites her lip and taps her foot at an anxious rhythm. “At Misty Palms? Like, was that really what you consider an ideal date? Because if there're other things you want to do instead, we could—“
Finally, finally understanding, Asami smiles widely and tips Korra's chin up with her hand. The Avatar is having a very hard time making eye contact and Asami can't help but find it totally adorable.
“So, this was a date?”
Korra blushes. Hard. Bright red.
“Um, well, if you, uh—“ she stammers.
Time to throw caution to the wind and take the lead if the Master of the Four Elements was going to just stand there and blush like an anxious little dragonfly bunny.
“You know,” Asami says slyly, “Normally, I don't kiss on the first date, but since you were so sneaky and I didn't even know we were on one …”
As her words taper off, Asami tips Korra's face farther up until they're a whisper apart. Then, she bends down and gently draws their lips together. She can feel Korra smiling as they kiss—the tiniest, sweetest little movement.
When they pull apart, Korra whispers, “Can I ask you a question?”
“Sure,” Asami breathes.
“… Do you really like my hair?”
Laughing, she winds her arms over Korra's shoulders and sinks her fingers through the messy, soft locks, stroking them back until she reaches the downy soft hair on the nape of her neck.
“Hell yeah,” she says, winking. “It's the snazziest.”
Photo credit: The Japan Times
President Trump has enjoyed his extended stay in Japan with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe thus far; and the pair seemingly have made major progress on geopolitical context as well as strengthening the ties between the two allies not only economically and militarily but in the sense of building a legitimate friendship.
During the visit which has seemingly been a major success North Korea and the rogue Dictator Kim Jong-un have likely been a topic of discussion at every meeting.
Not only has the Nork madman threatened Japan by launching intercontinental ballistic missiles into the vicinity of Japan's boundaries but has often sent them over Japan which is a major jab into the Japanese sovereignty and puts the nation at risk.
What if the repeated defiance from North Korea, who chooses to launch missile tests despite international sanctions, goes wrong and hits Japan?
What of one of those missiles lands in a Japanese city or breaks apart in the skies above?
Many Japanese could die.
Theoretically Japan had the right to blast some of those missiles out of the sky, or even strike North Korea in defense while they continue to pursue weapons of mass destruction setting the world onto the edge of their seats.
So far however Japan has shown great restraint, outside of condemning North Korea; because if they were to act swiftly a global conflict would be underway.
While Japan has promoted pacifism for nearly three quarters of a century, their patience has its limits.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">They Fear the Samurai : How President Trump and PM Abe will Restore Japan to Greatness<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/RedPill?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#RedPill</a><a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Goldwater?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Goldwater</a><a href="https://t.co/CwXgmLyvbN">https://t.co/CwXgmLyvbN</a></p>— Red Pill (@IWillRedPillYou) <a href="https://twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou/status/927490714023297024?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 6, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
Now it seems Japan has decided to impose brand-new sanctions against North Korea during the visit with President Trump; to not only signal unity between America and Japan to the Chinese and North Korean regimes, but to let the world know we are unified against the madman.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said that the new sanctions will freeze the assets of nine organizations and 26 individuals, something that Shinzo Abe and Donald Trump hinted would be coming in a joint news conference on Monday.
“The North Korean missile and nuclear issue is a pressing threat unseen before. Its provocative actions, in which it has ignored the severe warnings of international society, are totally unacceptable,” he said.
During the press conference Monday President Trump said that “North Korea's ballistic missile launches over Japan are a threat to the civilized world,” and that America will always stand in solidarity with Japan.
America can tout these new sanctions as a resurgence of American military might in the Pacific, which once Japan changes its own constitution will be a shocking process for China to accept who has long feared the Japanese and their imperial past.
Japan still has the seventh most powerful military on Earth despite being a pacifist nation, and could assume a dominant role where China has tried to fill the void.
Prime Minister Abe and President Trump have thus far dominated the left wing media as they attempt to propagate more lies over any tiny fallacies that come about from the overseas visit to the Japanese Capital, and so far have failed miserably in trying to smear the President of the United States of America.
The Japanese people love President Trump, and Trump supporters love the Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
During the visit there have been somewhat coy moments filled with longstanding memories, such as the infamous koi pond feedings that have sparked memes on both the American social media networks and the Japanese social media networks respectively.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none" data-lang="en"><p lang="ja" dir="ltr">歓声付き <a href="https://t.co/ev24sA8039">pic.twitter.com/ev24sA8039</a></p>— 軽油系コラマッド君bot (@cola_mad_kun) <a href="https://twitter.com/cola_mad_kun/status/927653614423752704?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 6, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
It brings to sense the lighthearted and honest friendship between the two leaders, and the show of unity between the Japanese and American people that will forever be an unbreakable bond.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This is the best Trump Koi meme I've seen yet <a href="https://t.co/RUUQxOdfnv">pic.twitter.com/RUUQxOdfnv</a></p>— Jared T Swift (@Jared_T_Swift) <a href="https://twitter.com/Jared_T_Swift/status/927769860876193793?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">November 7, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
The unity between America and Japan is one that seeks out strong Nationalist policies in which the two nations can reflect upon one another and assist in the process of defeating international Communism and Cultural Marxism, that of which historically Japan has set out to pursue.
Not only does Shinzo Abe enjoy an overwhelming majority support from the Japanese people, but the recent “snap election” victory in Japan has given Shinzo Abe the ability to push forth and potentially change the Japanese Constitution to once make Japan an international military superpower, which President Trump encourages as America desperately needs the assistance in the Pacific and the pressures on Red China to slow their growth.
On the economic front it is the goal of President Trump to negotiate increased importing of American made products into Japan.
If Japan is the ally it claims and wants to forge a high quality partnership between itself and America, the American people desperately need the Japanese to buy American goods and services.
The way the visit is going thus far, with both the President of the United States of America and the Prime Minister of Japan laughing and having time of leisure as well as being able to hammer out tough deals; we can hope that there is a successful trade negotiation underway as well.
Source:
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-japan-sanctions/japan-imposes-additional-sanctions-on-north-korea-idUSKBN1D7072
—<i>[email protected]</i>
<i>On Twitter:</i>
<a href="https://www.twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou">@IWillRedPillYou</a>
Tips? Info? Send me a message!
I had a really weird dream that I was replaying Undertale for the umpteenth time and Toby Fox updated it so that there was a new option other than “FIGHT” or “MERCY” and it was called “GUITAR” and it kinda looked like this:
And it kinda worked like the “Flee” option, but instead, Frisk would begin violently strumming an acoustic guitar as they slid out of the room. And unlike the “Flee” option it worked every. single. time. To the point where you could enter the Sans boss fight and violently guitar and slide your way past him. But HERE'S THE BEST PART.
It even worked on the final option when talking to Chara and it just looked like this:
So you just played your guitar to Chara and they nodded in approval and left you alone and the game ended like that.
Russian scientists working on the Mayak satellite - which is set to be the brightest 'star' in the night sky - have announced that it is nearing completion.
Engineers have crowd-funded around $20,000 (£15,400), which is enough to build and test the satellite which is due to be launched in a fortnight.
Its designers say it could be used to combat space junk by using a parachute-like structure to lower the orbits of debris so they can burn up in Earth's atmosphere.
However, some astronomers have slammed the creation, which is no larger than a rugby ball, calling it a 'nonsense' project that could 'ruin' dark skies for everyone.
Scroll down for video
Astronomers have slammed the Mayak satellite (pictured), which is no larger than a rugby ball, calling it a 'nonsense' project that could 'ruin' dark skies for everyone
CROWDFUNDING SPACE PROJECTS Crowdfunding has become a popular way of raising money for space exploration projects in the last few years. In 2013, the asteroid-mining company Planetary Resources raised more than $1.5 million (£1m) via the crowdfunding site Kickstarter to help develop its public-use Arkyd space telescope. The company's first spacecraft was successfully deployed from the International Space Station (ISS) last year. Another Kickstarter campaign by a group called Lunar Mission One, aiming to send a robotic spacecraft to drill deep into the rocks near the moon's South Pole, received more than $1 million (£716,000) in pledges in 2014.
Called the 'Mayak' or 'Beacon', the satellite is set to outshine everything in the sky, apart from the sun, thanks to a giant reflective sheet of material.
The controversial satellite is due to be launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on Friday 14 July.
Its the work of engineers from the University of Mechanical Engineering in Moscow.
'We fight so hard for dark skies in and around our planet,' Nick Howes, an astronomer and former deputy director of the Kielder Observatory in Northumberland, told IFLScience.
'To see this being potentially ruined by some ridiculous crowdfunded nonsense makes my heart simply despair.'
The launch of Mayak is expected to be taken up in a Soyuz 2 rocket, with help from Roscosmos, the Russian space agency.
The team is planning to place the spacecraft in a sun-synchronous orbit 370 miles (600km) above the ground.
This means it will always be in the path of sunlight, so will always be shining at different locations on Earth as it rotates.
The small spacecraft will launch a giant pyramid-shaped solar reflector in orbit.
'Russian cubestat 'Mayak' to launch Jul 14 will deploy a reflector that may be as bright as mag minus 10. Astronomers likely to be annoyed', tweeted Jonathan McDowell, an astronomer at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics
Dr McDowell also noted that with telescopes scanning much of the sky each night it 'could cause problems'
'Russian cubestat 'Mayak' to launch Jul 14 will deploy a reflector that may be as bright as mag minus 10. Astronomers likely to be annoyed', tweeted Jonathan McDowell, an astronomer at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.
He also noted that with telescopes scanning much of the sky each night it 'could cause problems'.
Facebook user Paulonius Woodham, who says he is a teacher and student in Perth, wrote on his Facebook; 'Brightest star in our night sky? No just a useless piece of junk that they will send up to join all teh other useless junk polluting orbit'.
Facebook user Paulonius Woodham, who says he is a teacher and student in Perth, wrote on his Facebook; 'Brightest star in our night sky? No just a useless piece of junk that they will send up to join all teh other useless junk polluting orbit'
The controversial satellite, which is set to be the brightest 'star' in the night sky, is due to be launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan
The reflector is 170 square feet (16 square metres) in size and made of a thin polymer film 20 times thinner than human hair.
Each edge will be 2.7 meters (9ft) long, with a total surface area of 6 square meters (65 square feet).
The Cubesat will use also a braking system to open a parachute that will catch space debris.
But the aim of the project is to promote space research in the country, and to make science and engineering more appealing to young Russians.
A previous proposal, which involved attaching a reflective panel of plastic to a cargo ship heading to the Mir space station, was designed to see if orbiting mirrors could illuminate cities or other parts of Earth by reflecting sunlight.
Its designers say it could also be used to combat space junk by using a parachute-like structure to lower the orbits of debris so they can burn up in Earth's atmosphere
The launch of Mayak scheduled for 14 July and is expected to be taken up in a Soyuz 2 rocket, with help from Roscosmos, the Russian space agency
The idea was that the mirrors could extend daylight hours for farmers, for example, reports Ars Technica.
'We are sending a spacecraft into orbit that will be the brightest star in the sky, visible from any point on our planet,' project leader Alexander Shaenko, head of the modern cosmonautics course at Moscow State University of Mechanical Engineering.
'We want to show that space exploration is something exciting and interesting, but most importantly that today it is accessible to everybody who is interested.'
Students from the university are also taking part in the crowdfunded project to launch the orbital spacecraft.
The team is planning to place the spacecraft in a sun-synchronous orbit 370 miles (600km) above the ground. This means it will always be in the path of sunlight, so will always be shining at different locations on Earth as it rotates
A previous proposal, which involved attaching a reflective panel of plastic to a cargo ship heading to the Mir space station, was designed to see if orbiting mirrors could illuminate cities or other parts of Earth by reflecting sunlight. Pictured is the Myak team
He's been a respected scout leader, little league coach and all-round pillar of the community for nearly three decades.
And yet retiree John Nadler now finds himself a virtual outcast - all because he's the only person in Hillary Clinton's hometown to throw his weight behind Donald Trump.
The married father-of-three lives about a mile away from the Clintons in the upscale New York hamlet of Chappaqua, a haven for well-heeled financiers, lawyers and liberals.
But while the majority of its 1,400 residents were firmly 'with her', John, 63, dared to wear his Trump hats and t-shirts around town to preach The Donald's mantra of 'Make America Great Again'.
Clintonites in Chappaqua weren't particularly fond of the dozen or so bumper stickers plastered on his 2002 Chevy Tahoe, one of which reads 'Liar, Liar Pantsuit on Fire!'
He says loyal Clintonites didn't take kindly to his 'betrayal' - giving him strange looks, cutting him dead in the street and posting vicious abuse on his Facebook page.
And they weren't particularly fond of the dozen or so bumper stickers plastered on his 2002 Chevy Tahoe, one of which reads 'Liar, Liar Pantsuit on Fire!'
That didn't stop John from backing his candidate all the way to Election Day and even throwing a party at the weekend to celebrate Trump's unlikely victory.
'In Chappaqua it's either Hillary or it's nothing,' he told DailyMail.com. 'I felt like I was in the trenches going to war.
'Everyone would give me looks, I mean the whole town. They would look at me like "why the heck are you here, how dare you support Donald Trump?"
'I may have been the loneliest Trump supporter in America but now they are the lonely ones - the Hillary losers.'
John, who spent four decades in the construction business before retiring this year because of an injury, feels a special affinity with real estate mogul Trump.
Hillary, says John, is 'evil and mysterious,' although John is full of praise for her husband Bill, whom he frequently sees around town
'I've lived in this town 28 years and there are acquaintances that won't nod or raise their head when I pass them in the street,' he told DailyMail.com
John's Trump bumper stickers, one of which was defaced to read 'Donald Dump'
He's followed Trump's career since the 1970s, watched every episode of The Apprentice and reckons the President Elect has the gravitas to slash bureaucracy and boost the middle classes.
Hillary, by contrast, is 'evil and mysterious,' although John is full of praise for her husband Bill, whom he frequently sees around town.
'He's very engaging, he looks right at you,' said John. 'He's the sort of guy you can have a beer with or you can talk to for half an hour.
'I used to say he could charm the pants off a snake. As for Hillary, cold as a fish.'
John - a native of the Bronx, New York City, who moved to Chappaqua in 1988 - comes from a staunchly Democrat family but has voted Republican since the 1970s.
His political affiliations have never brought him into open confrontation with his lib-leaning neighbors but the battle lines were drawn when Trump announced his candidacy in June last year.
With placards springing up on lawns and communal spaces across town in support of local favorite Hillary, John decided to break cover and declare for Trump.
He put up his own signs, climbing a 12ft ladder to attach one so high up a telegraph pole that nobody could reach to pull it down.
An American Flag hangs over the old Chappaqua train station
'I put another one up where the Clintons would see it on their way to vote,' chuckled John. 'I just wanted to stick it to them a little.
'I was the only person in Chappaqua who was vocal for Trump. I wanted people to realize they had a choice.'
Then there was the obligatory 'Make America Great Again' hats in three different color schemes, the 'Crooked Hillary for Prison' shirt and Trump bumper stickers, one of which was defaced to read 'Donald Dump'.
The customization didn't go down especially well with John's wife Maria, 59, a high school reading teacher, and the youngest of their three sons, Stephen, 17, a Bernie Sanders enthusiast who refused to drive it.
Undeterred, John wore his Trump getup to Chappaqua's Memorial Day Parade, where he waived aloft his Trump banner in front of the Clintons' security entourage and badgered another local Democratic Party dignitary, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo.
He also created a Facebook page entitled 'Neighbors of Hillary Clinton in Chappaqua for Donald Trump for President,' though in most cases 'neighbors' meant the neighboring town or state.
John says he's never frequented the sorts of fashionable dinner parties or upscale boutiques where you might spot the Clintons, who purchased their $1.7million Chappaqua mansion in 1999.
But having volunteered with the boy scouts, coached little league, tackle football and led the town's third grade soccer team, the Green Gators, to their first championship, he's a little wounded to find himself a persona non grata.
'I've lived in this town 28 years and there are acquaintances that won't nod or raise their head when I pass them in the street,' he told DailyMail.com.
'People posted some seriously foul language on Facebook; someone wrote "I hope you die".
'That just made me all the more determined. A few people did tell me in confidence they supported Trump but nobody wanted to come out and say it.'
That was perhaps understandable given that Chappaqua is located in the Democratic stronghold of Rochester County, where the party's followers outnumber Republicans two to one.
Chappaqua is located in the Democratic stronghold of Rochester County, where the party's followers outnumber Republicans two to one
With placards springing up on lawns and communal spaces across town in support of local favorite Hillary, John decided to break cover and declare for Trump.
Nonetheless, some 32 percent of the electorate did opt for Trump/Pence and when John threw his celebratory gathering Saturday night he joked it was a 'coming out' party for the billionaire's bashful supporters.
Even as the guests mingled inside, someone snuck up the driveway and tore down a Trump poster that was pinned to his house.
But John says he has no wish to antagonize his friends and neighbors; just to do what he feels is right for the country.
'I had to do whatever I could do to help Trump win for my wife and my three boys,' he added. 'I was afraid that America was not going to be what it's been for the last 240 years with Hillary.
'Donald Trump is a motivator, a negotiator and he has the persona to get things done. Who cares about the Trump steaks and his Trump wines, this guy hits home runs.
'He's already done the impossible and he's going to be great for this country.'
If it is possible to have a Christmas tree more awesome than the Darth Vader Christmas tree, this Nintendo themed Christmas tree would be it. The top of this Nintendo Christmas tree is logically where you find the star from Super Mario Bros but looking all around the tree, you can find various other bits of old Nintendo game goodness. Not only are there a couple of Mario's wearing Goomba shoes, but you can even find old school Link (Legend of Zelda on the NES) and Kirby hiding on the tree! Perhaps I can talk my family into giving our Christmas tree the 8-bit video game treatment like this with my Christmas tree next year (It's too late for this year).
Pass this along to any old school Nintendo fans you know! Like us on Facebook too!
[via Neatorama]
A former Tuscaloosa Police sergeant pleaded guilty today to a criminal civil rights charge of using his authority as a law enforcement officer to sexually assault a woman in March 2011.
Jason Glenn Thomas, 34, admitted to stopping a female pedestrian without placing her under arrest, according to court documents cited by a U.S. Department of Justice news release. Thomas was accused of taking the woman in his patrol vehicle to a remote area and sexually assaulting her.
"This former officer did the unimaginable when he used his police powers to sexually assault this victim," said Roy L. Austin, Jr., Deputy Assistant Attorney General for the Department of Justice's Civil Rights Division, in the news release. "The Justice Department will continue to vigorously prosecute those who abuse their position and authority to harm those individuals whom they have sworn to protect."
Thomas was charged in a five-count federal indictment in May 2012.
"Most police officers work diligently every day to protect the citizens," said U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance. "A community must be able to trust its police officers. My office is committed to prosecuting any officers who abuse the authority of the badge to commit a crime. This abuse of the public's trust will not be permitted."
The case was prosecuted by Trial Attorney D.W. Tunnage of the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division and Assistant U.S. Attorney George Martin for the Northern District of Alabama. The investigation was conducted by the Tuscaloosa resident agency of the FBI's Birmingham Field Office.
"Mr. Thomas dishonored his badge and his fellow officers when he violated the civil rights of a female pedestrian while on duty, in uniform and in a marked patrol car," said Richard D. Schwein Jr., FBI Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Birmingham Field Office. "Citizens have a right and should expect ethical and proper treatment from all law enforcement officers and we, as civil servants, must never forget that we have sworn an oath to serve and protect them. The public can be assured the FBI will continue to aggressively pursue those rogue officers who violate that trust."
Thomas is scheduled to be sentenced on July 18 before U.S. District Judge C. Lynwood Smith. He faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison and a fine of $250,000, according to the Department of Justice.
A civil suit filed by the victim on March 1 names Thomas, the city, Tuscaloosa Mayor Walt Maddox and Tuscaloosa Police Chief Steve Anderson as defendants.
The victim is seeking compensatory and punitive damages against Thomas and compensatory damages and injunctive relief against Thomas, Anderson and Maddox. The complaint states that inadequate supervision and training "resulted in a work environment that permitted the sexual assault" of the victim, according to court documents.
Tuscaloosa police spokesman Sgt. Brent Blankley said in an email to media that the city has no comment on the issue due to the pending civil lawsuit against the city.
Someone told me the other day that the promise of Bitcoin in 2014 was remittance. I think that they were right. A lot of people, last year, were convinced of Bitcoin's merit as an instrument of remittance, including me. The problem is that remittance usually requires a third party in order to support and high liquidity in the currencies being transacted among.
But as this train gets a-chuggin' I'm realizing more and more that the future of remittance is no remittance companies. Counterparty or some type of persistent, trusted asset issuance can exist on the blockchain. Let's call it COINBASEUSD. Coinbase might back this Counterparty asset with real, auditable money. Then someday, some trusted Brazilian exchange will make XREAL. Both of these would be on the open market, and could be swapped in and out. In a world where a decentralized markets or layers on top of them like Medici exists, this swapout would be nearly free - no person (save for the miners confirming the transaction) would get a vig. Now imagine a world where a government or 10 governments realized that they could issue at $0 cost (which means no revenues from seignorage which they will lament I'm sure - though I'm not sure why they wouldn't simply issue cryptographically verifiable, collectible coinage). If that were issued on the blockchain, one could simply jump online, and transact in any issued money they want. Simply put, remittance with 0 friction and no middlemen.
The implications are kind of enormous. For those that want to hold their money in something stable like USD, they could do that without ever having to ask anyone's permission. They could swap in and out of USD without paying anything substantial, which would mean they could subject themselves to the whims of any central bank they wanted to. So here's the thing, while the blockchain is powered by Bitcoin, and while Bitcoin is the money of the blockchain, if you aren't paying attention, what you'll miss is the fact that the blockchain does not require you to transact in Bitcoin. And once you get that… you might see why this Rube Goldberg contraption we've built is so important.
Transport Minister Andrew Constance has confirmed the government is considering up to 12 stations for a new metro train line from central Sydney to Parramatta, as well as passing loops to ensure express trains are not hindered by all-stops services.
Councils such as Burwood are clamouring for stations on the Sydney Metro West line to be built within their boundaries, while large property owners are eagerly awaiting the final route design because of the expected uplift in values it will bring.
After a report by Fairfax Media this week, Mr Constance said the government was open to considering up to 12 stations and would seek input from the private sector about their design and construction and "how you build in and around stations".
"We want to see what we can tease out of industry over the next 18 months or so," he said.
Cincinnati Bearcats running back Rodriguez Moore (21) breaks a tackle by Houston Cougars linebacker Steven Taylor (41) for a large gain. (Photo: The Enquirer/Gary Landers)
Tommy Tuberville stopped calling them the Bad News Bears several weeks ago. And now, Tuberville's surging University of Cincinnati football team has won a share of the American Athletic Conference championship.
UC beat Houston 38-31 to claim a three-way piece of the AAC title Saturday, before 24,606 fans on a cold, gray afternoon at Paul Brown Stadium.
UC (9-3, 7-1 AAC) finished the regular season with the Bearcats' fifth league championship in seven seasons. The most recent title share for UC was in 2012 in the former Big East football conference.
It was the Bearcats' seventh straight win following a 2-3 start, in which Tuberville compared UC's porous defense to the Bad News Bears. The movie Bears baseball team, much like the 2014 Bearcats, also struggled before hitting their stride.
"After we lost our third game, the seniors came in and slammed their hand on the table and said that's it, no more," Tuberville said. "I think they got everybody's attention, including mine. It's just fun to see success when you've had adversity."
Memphis and UCF already had claimed shares of the AAC title, having finished with 7-1 league records. In the case of ties, the league declares co-champions. There is no head-to-head tiebreaker.
UC sources say the Bearcats seem likely to accept a bid to either the Bitcoin Bowl (Dec. 26 in St. Petersburg, Florida) or Military Bowl (Dec. 27 in Annapolis, Maryland). UC will learn its bowl destination Sunday.
CLOSE Tuberville on UC's AAC title-clinching win over Houston
"It means a lot," UC senior linebacker Nick Temple said of the AAC title. "The year started off rough, and we didn't know as a defense what identity we had. We finally got together midway through the season. I'm proud of those guys."
Temple had 12 tackles and a sack Saturday, and will join fellow seniors for a fourth consecutive bowl game.
"I had never lost that many games in a row, and I told them I was tired of it," Temple said of the early-season losing streak. "We finally picked it up."
Freshman running back Mike Boone rushed for 85 yards and scored three touchdowns Saturday. Boone and senior Rod Moore (75 yards rushing) have excelled since replacing Hosey Williams and Tion Green, who were lost to season-ending injuries.
"I give all the credit to the O-line," Boone said of his blockers. "They're the ones opening the holes."
CLOSE UC's Temple, Legaux on AAC title win
UC sophomore quarterback Gunner Kiel completed 15-of-24 passes for 190 yards and two touchdowns, but Kiel departed early in the third quarter with leg cramps.
Kiel's two TD passes gave him 30 for the season, one shy of the UC record 31 by Ben Mauk in 2007.
Senior QB Munchie Legaux relieved Kiel and was 10-for-14 passing for 158 yards. UC held a 21-10 lead when Kiel exited.
"I'm proud of Munchie coming in, taking over," Tuberville said. "Gunner just cramped up at halftime, couldn't go after the first play. (Legaux) came in and did a marvelous job."
It is the first time Tuberville has won a conference title since 2004, when his Auburn team won the Southeastern Conference championship.
Houston (7-5, 5-3 AAC) did hold a 594-500 edge in total yards. Cougars sophomore QB Greg Ward Jr. threw for 360 yards and two touchdowns, and he also rushed for 84 yards and a TD. Running back Kenneth Farrow rushed for 138 yards and a TD.
"I told our men a loss is a loss, but I'm proud of the way we battled," Houston coach Tony Levine said. "We have a very talented team and I'm proud of our guys. The vast majority of them are returning."
It was another cold weather game for UC, with the temperature 39 degrees at kickoff.
UC led 21-10 when Kiel left. The Bearcats were able to build their lead to 28-10 on a 2-yard TD run by Boone with 9:45 left in the third quarter.
Houston cut the UC lead to 28-17 on a 40-yard TD run by quarterback Greg Ward Jr. with 5:43 left in the third quarter.
The Bearcats made it 35-17 on a 6-yard TD run by Boone with 15 seconds left in the third quarter.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Bengals Beat newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Bengals Beat Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Houston answered with an 89-yard TD pass from Ward to a wide-open receiver Markeith Ambles down the middle. That trimmed UC's lead to 35-24 with 14:47 left.
UC went ahead 38-24 when Andrew Gantz made a 40-yard field goal with 8:04 left.
Houston whittled UC's lead to 38-31 on a 26-yard TD pass from Ward to wideout Demarcus Ayers with 5:27 remaining.
Houston drove to the UC 11-yard line on the Cougars' final drive, but three consecutive incomplete passes sealed things for the Bearcats.
"Never a doubt," a smiling Tuberville said. "We had that one all the way. We just tried to keep everybody tuned in that didn't come to the game, they were watching on TV. What a fun game."
Michael Buckner/Getty Images A user on the BitcoinTalk forums has posted an extensive list rounding up the details on Bitcoin thefts since August 2010, well before most were paying attention to the digital currency.
Each entry includes the amount of money stolen (either an exact number or a reasonable estimate) and other details surrounding the thefts.
The entries total up to 818,485.77 stolen Bitcoins, presently worth some $502,081,166.11.
As there are currently 12.4 million Bitcoins in circulation, this means roughly 6.6% of the Bitcoin supply is controlled by people who came into possession of their digital currency by illegitimate means.
Put another way, one out of every 16-17 Bitcoins belongs to someone who stole it.
The most notable incident to date happened just recently at Mt. Gox, a Japan-based Bitcoin exchange that was for many people the default place to buy and sell Bitcoin. The company filed for bankruptcy protection after losing 750,000 of its customers' Bitcoins and 100,000 of its own, saying in a statement that it "believes there is a high possibility that the Bitcoins were stolen."
The missing currency was worth approximately $473 million at the time.
Bitcoin theft is generally enabled by poor password protection or other human carelessness. Those wanting to keep it secure long-term would do well to store their currency offline, in a physical Bitcoin wallet not connected to the Internet. This is analogous to keeping cash in a safe deposit box.
Fox News is helping a former Republican congressman spread the myth that President Barack Obama was born in Kenya.
Appearing on Fox News Monday, John LeBoutillier explained that his new fictional book uses “real things” like Obama's grandmother once claimed she was present for his Kenyan birth.
LeBoutillier's new book, The Obama Identity: A Novel (Or Is It?), seems to be referring to a 2008 World Net Daily article where a Pennsylvania man is said to have a telephone recording of Obama's grandmother.
“Ed Klein and I, when we wrote this book, used real things in a book of fiction,” LeBoutillier told Fox News hosts Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade.
“There's so much real stuff in this book. Like you asked me before we came on the air about Obama's grandmother living today in Kenya. And we have her in the book. It's fiction but in reality, she has claimed consistently that he was born in Mombasa, Kenya. She said this adamantly on the record. We took that and used it in the book in a very funny way,” he said.
“I'm sure that will resonate well with everybody,” Kilmeade replied sarcastically.
“I'm sure the White House will be thrilled,” LeBoutillier joked.
The former New York congressman explained that his fictional Obama truly believes that he was “the one” Americans have been waiting for.
“The day he is inaugurated in our book he goes right from the Capitol back to the Oval Office and goes in there and he is greeted by his staff in a way that you wouldn't believe. They wash his feet. They have Filipino stewards come wash his feet and fan his smoking and blow the smoke out the White House window,” LeBoutillier said.
“It's symbolic of how everyone around Obama treats him. They treat him as Brian said. He's like the second coming. He's the one, the messiah, this man who has been parachuted into this country to save us from ourselves,” he continued.
“[T]he only way to handle Obama, I think, is to make fun of him because the guy is a ridiculous creature that we've been handed by the left.”
“Once again, the book is fiction,” Doocy pointed out.
“Or is it?” LeBoutillier added.
“I think it's both,” Kilmeade concluded.
It's not the first time Fox News has given a platform to birther notions. In July 2009, Fox News anchor Bret Baier reported that a US soldier was refusing to deploy because Obama was not born in the US. “Baier never pointed out that Obama's American birth certificate has been produced and authenticated,” Newshounds noted.
In August 2008, FactCheck.org confirmed that it had examined and verified Obama's birth certificate.
In April of this year, Fox News correspondent Wendell Goler asked White House press secretary Robert Gibbs, “Do the complaints of birthers complicate the president's dealing with the American Muslim community?”
“I got to give you credit, Wendell, for getting a lot of crazy people in one question,” Gibbs replied.
“I've said this many times, Wendell. If you're — if after I asked that the President's birth certificate be put on the Internet hasn't dissuaded you from where he was being born, I'm almost positive that no argument is somehow going to dissuade you from that,” Gibbs added.
This video is from Fox News' Fox & Friends, broadcast Nov. 28, 2010.
Dear All,
If you thought Tomcat could not get any better, you thought wrong. Tomcat 7 introduces what is called Parallel Deployment. This was contributed by SpringSource/VMWare.
Simply put, parallel deployment is the ability to deploy more than one version of your web application in parallel, making all versions available under the exact same URL.
Think about this for a minute. If you have a new version of your application, you can simply drop it into the Tomcat that is running the old one and it will Just Work™. In fact, they will both work. Tomcat handles all session management and traffic routing between application versions. No need to restart Tomcat. No need to stop processing requests. No need to talk to your boss about downtime. No need for your boss to talk to any customers about downtime.
Let's see this in action, shall we? Using the commands below you can whip up a minimal web application to demonstrate this feature.
$ mkdir WEB-INF $ echo "" > WEB-INF/web.xml $ echo 'old version ' > index.jsp $ jar cf foo##001.war WEB-INF index.jsp $ echo 'NEW version ' > index.jsp $ jar cf foo##002.war WEB-INF index.jsp
You now have two web apps named foo##001.war and foo##002.war. ##001 and ##002 designate the version numbers of the WAR files. Each has their own index page that shows the current time and whether it is the old or the new web application. The people who created this feature chose a surprisingly easy solution for how to tell Tomcat what is an alternate version of what. All you have to do is tack ##<version> onto the WAR's file name. Simple and effective, if a bit odd-looking.
Now deploy the 'old' version of the web application.
$ cp foo##001.war apache-tomcat-7.0.12/webapps/
Open a browser, enter the WAR file's URL (e.g. http://localhost:8080/foo) and watch the time tick by. Note that you do not see the version number on the URL. The page auto-refreshes every second. Beneath the surface, Tomcat will establish a session with your browser. More on that later.
Now deploy the 'new' version of the web application.
$ cp foo##002.war apache-tomcat-7.0.12/webapps/
Notice how in the already open browser window, the time is still ticking by and it is still showing old version. Open a second browser and in this browser too, open http://localhost:8080/foo. For best results, use an entirely different browser to avoid any session strangeness. I used Safari and Opera for the test.
You should see that the second browser picks up the new web application, while the first browser is still being serviced by the old web application.
Pretty neat, huh?
All-right, so you botched a deployment and want to roll back? Simple, just remove the new version and Tomcat automatically falls back to using the old version. Nice work. Try it now:
$ rm apache-tomcat-7.0.12/webapps/foo##002.war
You will notice the web pages automatically switch to using the old version of the application.
You will have to develop your own deployment strategy. You might choose to let the old versions drain. Once all sessions on the old application have expired, you can remove old deployments from Tomcat. On the other hand, you can just leave the old code deployed. It won't do any harm.
There are a few things to consider when you want to start using versioned WAR files with your Tomcat server. So before you go off and change the deployment strategy at your company, check off the list below.
Internal caches should be write-through and expire quickly You need sessions to be enabled Where does logging go? Disk files and directories need to be sharable No TCP socket listeners Your apps must be able to undeploy
I'll explain each of these in order. Most are variations on a theme; consider what assumptions your code makes about machine resources.
Internal caches should be write-through and expire quickly
Different version of the same web application each have their own class context. This means that any local caches you have in your web application need to be reviewed. If you cache aggressively and hold on to cached information for a long time, one version of the web application may not see changes that another made.
Picture a situation where both versions of the web application use the same database and both have a local cache to avoid hitting that database. If one version of the web application changes a record in the database, the other won't see the change until its own cached version of that information has expired.
If you do any in-memory caching in your web application, don't use parallel deployment until you are sure that the caches will not serve unacceptably stale information.
You need sessions to be enabled
Tomcat uses its own session management to determine what requests should be handled by what version of the web application. If you've gone off to implement session handling yourself, or if you switch session handling off in Tomcat, parallel deployment won't work for you.
Where does logging go?
You probably specified that your logging be written to a log file somewhere. If you do not use the full context name of the application in the log file name, you may end up in a situation where both versions of a web application are writing into the same log file. The problem with that is that you may not know what version of your application generated the output you find in that file.
Disk files and directories need to be sharable
The intention of the designers of Java EE have always intended for web applications to be independent of the underlying machine and file systems. If your application makes use of data files, please take a moment to consider what happens when two versions of your web application start reading and writing them.
In particular, consider that Java's monitors and locks are confined to a single context. Thus, if you guard access to a file with a lock of some sort, having two versions of that web application means that you have two locks in the JVM, potentially allowing two thread to access it.
No TCP socket listeners
Some applications serve more than just HTTP requests. They have their own TCP socket handlers to serve clients. By deploying more than one version of a web application, you get more than one listener. Obviously this will not work. Only one listener can listen on any given port.
Your apps must be able to undeploy
If you want to be able to roll back botched releases, or if you want to clean out old, unused versions of your web application, your web application needs to undeploy cleanly. Luckily, Tomcat helps you with that too.
I hope these warnings have not put you off using zero-downtime deployment in Tomcat. You may need to solve a few issues for it to work cleanly. But let's face it, by making your application make fewer assumptions about resources, you get a more robust application anyway.
PS. I like to use SVN revision numbers as a WAR version naming scheme. Thus my WAR files are named foo##<svn revision=””>.war. The only thing to look out for is that versions are compared as strings to determine the version ordering. Thus you may have to zero-pad the version numbers to ensure correct ordering.
Reference: Zero-downtime Deployment (and Rollback) in Tomcat; a walkthrough and a checklist from our JCG partner Kees Jan at the Java Monitor Forum
Happy coding
Byron
Related Articles:
Even in the heart of Trump country in Virginia, Mike Pence only drew a few hundred people to his rally.
Mike Pence traveled to the reddest district in Virginia Saturday to headline a rally for GOP gubernatorial candidate Ed Gillespie, where was he being greeted by a half-empty room.
Rally organizers had said they expected a turnout of about 1,200 people at the event in Washington County, VA, which Politico referred to as “one of the few politically safe regions of the state to bring a Trump administration official.”
But reality did not meet expectations.
In an embarrassing turn of events, only about 400 people showed up for the rally, which was held at the Washington County fairgrounds.
Photos from the event show Pence entering the stage to face the sparse audience.
Gillespie has taken stage at the southwest Virginia rally with VP Pence. He walked in to Enter Sandman pic.twitter.com/dAClhSquLr — Fenit Nirappil (@FenitN) October 14, 2017
Even high-energy music like Survivor's “Eye of the Tiger” didn't excite the low-energy crowd that turned out to see Pence.
Last November, 75 percent of Washington County residents voted for the Republican presidential ticket.
But less than one year later, voters in the deep-red district weren't so excited to see Pence.
According to the Washington Post, local Republican activists spent the day working the phones in a futile effort to drum up more attendees. After the event, GOP officials blamed the small turnout on the “beautiful” weather and other activities that were going on that day, including “football, hunting and [a] wedding.”
Perhaps the only thing more embarrassing than the sparse crowd at Saturday's rally is the fact that Trump wasn't even invited because he's considered too politically toxic.
And the paltry attendance adds further proof to the cratering support for this administration, even in the reddest corners of the country.
The FBI is on its way to Fort Bliss in west Texas to investigate a shooting at a convenience store on the base that left a man dead and two women wounded, according to base spokesman Dieter Jester.
The man, who authorities say shot the females, was shot and killed by law enforcement officers on the base.
It's unclear what may have been the motive for the shooting or even if
the man or his victims are in the military or are civilians.
The police officers who killed the alleged gunman responded within three to four minutes because their offices are very near the base shopping area.
Fort Bliss is close to the Mexican border near El Paso, Texas, but straddles the Texas-New Mexico border. Most of the base is located in New Mexico, but the main headquarters is in Texas.
The base is home to the First Armored Division. President Barack Obama
visited there last month to meet the troops and mark the end of the official combat mission in Iraq.
(NaturalNews) Epidemic obesity among children today will lead to a surge in the occurrence of premature heart attacks in strokes as those children age, according to two studies published in theIn the first study, researchers from the University of California at San Francisco and Columbia University used computer modeling to predict the likely effects of obesity in children. The study concluded that obese children are 19 percent more likely to die from heart disease, beginning when they hit age 35."It's the age and the magnitude that's so striking to us," lead author Kirsten Bibbins-Domingo said.In the second study, researchers from the Institute for Preventive Medicine in Copenhagen, Denmark, analyzed data on 276,835 people who had first been examined in 1930. They found that the higher a child's body mass index had been, the higher their risk of contracting heart disease. A boy who was in the highest weight category at the age of 13, they found, had a 33 percent higher risk of cardiovascular problems by age 60."What's even more disturbing is that the highest weight category among Danish children would barely make it out of the normal range for U.S. kids," said David Ludwig of the Children's Hospital in Boston, who was not involved in the study but wrote an accompanying commentary.A prior study authored by Ludwig found that obesity could result in children's life being shortened by two to five years. The results have been controversial, in part because new medications are increasing the life expectancy of heart disease patients even as the disease becomes more prevalent."The entire argument will be irrelevant, once the full effects of the childhood obesity epidemic are felt," Ludwig said.Bibbins-Domingo called for widespread action to confront the health threat posed by childhood obesity."This is a problem that requires sweeping policy changes at all levels to make sure our children have access to healthy foods, physical activity, and safe spaces to exercise, because they are at the root of preventing weight gain in childhood," she
Instead of giving any assurance on rollback, the Prime Minister explained to the delegation the "necessity of increasing petroleum products prices".
After the price rise was announced, Trinamool Parliamentary Party held an emergency meeting on Friday last following which Bandhopadhyay said his party "registers its strong protest with the UPA government for keeping allies in the dark while taking such a decision which has angered the people."
During the meeting with Singh today, the MPs from Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha along with West Bengal Industries Minister Partha Chatterjee, also complained about "huge lack" of coordination between Congress and coalition partners.
"We also told him that there is a huge lack of coordination between coalition partners in the UPA-II. There are opportunities to interact with the Prime Minister during Cabinet meetings, but there is lack of coordination among allies of the UPA-II," the Minister of State for Health said.
The Prime Minister "agreed" that it would be improved, Bandhopadhyay said.
He said the deliberations with the Prime Minister would be conveyed to Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee.
Singh shared the economic condition of the country with the delegation, the Trinamool MP said.
"The PM has agreed with our sentiments. PM has categorically said that he shares our views. He explained some of his views which are related with economic side, economic conditions of the country, economic position of the world, necessity of increasing petroleum products prices," he said.
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Jersey City has “seen a major reduction in crime” in 2014, according to statistics released by the city on New Year's Eve.
Shootings were down 17.5 percent and reported crimes were down in a number of categories, including aggravated assaults, armed robberies, and sexual assaults, city officials said.
Aggravated assaults were down 34 percent, armed robberies were down 23 percent, and sexual assaults were down 18 percent from the previous year.
There was a “slight uptick” in homicides in 2014, from 20 in 2013 to 23 in 2014, but city officials attributed that to in increase in domestic violence homicides, up from two in 2013 to five in 2014, and a case of arson.
“This year we saw major progress on shootings, homicides and arrests,” Jersey City Mayor Steve Fulop said. “Although we had a slight increase in the absolute numbers of homicides, the reality is that the city had five domestic dispute homicides which the public knows no police officer can prevent as they happen between people living in the same household.”
The number of shootings decreased from 91 in 2013 to 75 in 2014, as reported by the State Police's Regional Operational and Intelligence Center, according to the release.
The release said that in its first full year, the Jersey City Police Department CeaseFire Unit made arrests in 40 percent of all non-fatal shootings, with arrests in 36 out of 90 open cases.
The murder of JCPD Detective Melvin Santiago in July was also referred to in the release.
“To accomplish this crime decline while also dealing with the tragic loss of Detective Santiago and the nationwide climate surrounding policing, speaks volumes about the professionalism and the abilities of the men and women of the Jersey City Police Department,” Jersey City Public Safety Director James Shea said.
This year the U.S. Department of Justice awarded Jersey City a $1.875 million COPS grant that will fund 15 new police officers. The administration hired 38 new officers in June, and a class of 60 officers is scheduled to enter the police academy in early 2015, according to the release.
City officials also touted the new “table of organization” implemented by the Fulop administration in 2014, the “first such organizational structure of its kind in 20 years.”
The table of organization “outlines the needs for the department, assigns new officers to street level units, increases training for new officers, and establishes a better chain of command and structure for the department,” officials said in a press release.
The administration's work to increase the diversity of the JCPD was highlighted, including the minority recruitment office in the HUB on Martin Luther King Drive.
Machine Learning in a flash: three events that jump start your efforts
Machine Learning is a technique for advanced analytics that is able to continually enhance itself. Let's say we have a Machine Learning algorithm that tracks car problems for auto dealers and sees what the fix is for the problem. The algorithm for this scenario can continually watch for the problem and find the associated repair that was fast, cheapest and/or most effective. Especially for elusive or emerging auto problems, the algorithm continually enhances itself to provide the most appropriate fix information to auto technicians so that they deliver the best customer service possible.
Studies show that companies that continually embrace data, digital processes and advanced analytics gain a competitive edge in their industries. Machine Learning is one of the key analytics techniques that can help to uncover new opportunities and deliver competitive advantage across a wide variety of data types including structured and unstructured data.
IBM will be offering the Winning with Machine Learning events in the following cities.
Dates and Registration
April 11, 2017 — Dallas, Texas — Register here
April 13, 2017 — Chicago, IL — Register here
April 18, 2017 — New York, NY — Register here
These events are recommended to jump start your use of Machine Learning with practical tips on how to get started. You will also hear about IBM's plans to infuse cognitive capabilities via Machine Learning across our private cloud data and analytics portfolio.
Joseph Peter Kerwin, M.D. (born February 19, 1932), (Capt, USN, Ret.), is an American physician and former NASA astronaut, who served as Science Pilot for the Skylab 2 mission from May 25–June 22, 1973. He was the first physician to be selected for astronaut training.[1]
Biography [ edit ]
Early years and education [ edit ]
Born of Irish descent in Oak Park, Illinois, on February 19, 1932, Kerwin graduated from Fenwick High School, a private school in Oak Park, in 1949. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Philosophy from the College of the Holy Cross, Worcester, Massachusetts, in 1953; a Doctor of Medicine degree from Northwestern University Medical School, Chicago, Illinois, in 1957; completed his internship at the District of Columbia General Hospital in Washington, D.C.; and attended the United States Navy School of Aviation Medicine at Naval Air Station Pensacola, Florida, being designated a naval flight surgeon in December 1958.[2]
Military career [ edit ]
Kerwin was a Captain in the Navy Medical Corps, commissioned in July 1958. He earned his flight surgeon's wings at Beeville, Texas, in 1962. He has logged 4,500 hours flying time.[3]
NASA career [ edit ]
Kerwin administers dental exam to Skylab 2 Commander Charles "Pete" Conrad
Paul J. Weitz, (left) Charles Conrad Jr. (middle); and Joseph P. Kerwin (right); America's first space station crew would spend 28 days in space
Kerwin was selected as a scientist-astronaut by NASA in June 1965.[4] He was serving as a pilot and a flight surgeon for the Navy at the time of his selection.[5] He was one of the capsule communicators (CAPCOMs) on Apollo 13 (in 1970).
He served as Science Pilot for the Skylab 2 (SL-2) mission which launched on May 25 and splashed down on June 22, 1973. With him for the initial activation and 28-day flight qualification operations of the Skylab Orbital Workshop were Charles "Pete" Conrad, (spacecraft commander) and Paul J. Weitz (Pilot).
Kerwin was subsequently in charge of the on-orbit branch of the Astronaut Office, where he coordinated astronaut activity involving rendezvous, satellite deployment and retrieval, and other Space Shuttle payload operations. Kerwin was part of the NBC broadcasting team for coverage of the launch of STS-1.
From 1982–83, Kerwin served as NASA's senior science representative in Australia. In this capacity, he served as liaison between NASA's Office of Space Tracking and Data Systems and Australia's Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation. During this time, Kerwin was considered to fly on the mission that would become STS-41-C (then known as STS-13), but his assignment in Australia prevented his selection.[6]
From 1984–87, Kerwin served as Director of Space and Life Sciences at the Johnson Space Center. There, he was responsible for direction and coordination of medical support to operational manned spacecraft programs, including health care and maintenance of the astronauts and their families; for direction of life services, supporting research and light experiment project; and for managing JSC earth sciences and scientific efforts in lunar and planetary research. In 1986, he issued a report on the deaths of the crew killed in the Challenger disaster to Associate Administrator for Space Flight, Richard H. Truly.[7]
Post-NASA career [ edit ]
Kerwin retired from the Navy, left NASA, and joined Lockheed in 1987. At Lockheed, he managed the Extravehicular Systems Project, providing hardware for Space Station Freedom, from 1988 to 1990; with Paul Cottingham and Ted Christian invented the Simplified Aid for EVA Rescue (SAFER), first tested for use by space walking astronauts on the International Space Station (ISS) during Space Shuttle flight STS-64. He then served on the Assured Crew Return Vehicle team, and served as Study Manager on the Human Transportation Study, a NASA review of future space transportation architectures. In 1994–95 he led the Houston liaison group for Lockheed Martin's FGB contract, the procurement of the Russian "space tug" which has become the first element of the ISS. He served on the NASA Advisory Council from 1990 to 1993.
He joined Systems Research Laboratories (SRL) in June 1996, to serve as Program Manager of the SRL team which bid to win the Medical Support and Integration Contract at the Johnson Space Center. The incumbent, KRUG Life Sciences, was selected. Then, to his surprise, KRUG recruited him to replace its retiring president, T. Wayne Holt. He joined KRUG on April 1, 1997. On March 16, 1998, KRUG Life Sciences became the Life Sciences Special Business Unit of Wyle Laboratories of El Segundo, California.
In addition to his duties at Wyle, Kerwin serves on the Board of Directors of the National Space Biomedical Research Institute (NSBRI) as an industry representative. He retired from Wyle in the summer of 2004.
Personal life [ edit ]
Kerwin is married to the former Shirley Ann Good of Danville, Pennsylvania. They have three daughters: Sharon (born September 14, 1963), Joanna (born January 5, 1966), and Kristina (born May 4, 1968); and five grandchildren. His hobbies are reading and classical music.
Organizations [ edit ]
He is a fellow of the Aerospace Medical Association, and a member of the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association.[3]
Awards and honors [ edit ]
The three Skylab astronaut crews were awarded the 1973 Robert J. Collier Trophy "For proving beyond question the value of man in future explorations of space and the production of data of benefit to all the people on Earth."[8][9] Gerald Carr accepted the 1975 Dr. Robert H. Goddard Memorial Trophy from President Ford, awarded to the Skylab astronauts.[10] He was one of 24 Apollo astronauts who were inducted into the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame in 1997.[11]
Books [ edit ]
Kerwin is co-author, along with fellow astronaut Owen K. Garriott and writer David Hitt, of Homesteading Space, a history of the Skylab program published in 2008.
In the movies [ edit ]
Kerwin is portrayed by Jack Hogan in the 1974 TV movie Houston, We've Got a Problem.
Joe Kerwin appears as himself in the 2018 film "Searching for Skylab"
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
At the same council meeting where Rob Ford cast the vote that led to his highly anticipated court appearance Wednesday, the mayor's brother rose to say sorry to a left-wing activist named Adam Chaleff-Freudenthaler.
But Doug Ford was not apologizing happily, or voluntarily.
Mr. Chaleff-Freudenthaler had successfully pursued an audit of the mayor's campaign finances, which prompted Councillor Ford to confront him and warn – "what goes around comes."
Story continues below advertisement
The councillor told reporters before issuing his apology that it was "horseshit" that Toronto's integrity commission had ordered him to publicly say sorry for threatening the 27-year-old.
The very fact that Mr. Chaleff-Freudenthaler knew how to file a complaint to the integrity commissioner over the comment is among the reasons he has become one of Mayor Ford's most daunting opponents. Mr. Chaleff-Freudenthaler and a small circle of his progressive acolytes are the forces behind a conflict-of-interest lawsuit that could push Mr. Ford out of office and an ongoing campaign-finance audit that could cause him nearly as much trouble.
While the mayor's more prominent foes are busy trying to beat him in the court of public opinion, Mr. Chaleff-Freudenthaler, his allies and a handful of pro-bono lawyers are out to beat the mayor in a court of law.
The most public test yet of their strategy will begin Wednesday, when Mr. Ford is scheduled to take the stand to answer allegations that he broke the Municipal Conflict of Interest Act when, on Feb. 7, he voted to let himself off the hook for failing to personally repay $3,150 in improper donations to his football foundation.
The plaintiff in that lawsuit is Paul Magder, a politically engaged businessman who has formally complained about a Ford brother before.
Mr. Magder filed a complaint to the integrity commissioner last year about Councillor Doug Ford's attempts to overhaul the Port Lands plan.
But it was Mr. Chaleff-Freudenthaler who helped steer Mr. Magder toward Clayton Ruby, the prominent human-rights lawyer spearheading the conflict-of-interest case.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Magder, whose children went to school with Mr. Chaleff-Freudenthaler, became a family friend and, ultimately, a volunteer on Mr. Chaleff-Freudenthaler's failed run at a seat on the public school board in 2010.
When Mr. Ford underwent a closed-door cross-examination for the case June 28, it was not Mr. Magder who sat in to observe – it was lawyer Max Reed, a friend of Mr. Chaleff-Freudenthaler's from their university days in Montreal and his partner in launching a campaign finance audit against the mayor.
Both are members of a group called Fair Elections Toronto, which petitioned for at least eight other campaign-finance audits against councillors, most of whom are allies of the mayor.
Mr. Reed also worked on policy and communications for David Miller's 2006 re-election campaign.
A long-time labour organizer, NDP stalwart, and former vice-chair of the Toronto Public Library Board, Mr. Chaleff-Freudenthaler cut his teeth fighting Mike Harris's Progressive Conservative government.
His work earned him a spot on Now Magazine's 2003 list of top teen activists and artists to watch, alongside a then little-known actress named Ellen Page.
Story continues below advertisement
Now his involvement in the legal challenges has the mayor's allies dismissing the cases as the last refuge of a handful of "sore losers" who despise Mr. Ford's politics.
"Adam [Chaleff-Freudenthaler] never accepted the results of the last election," Councillor Denzil Minnan-Wong said. "His actions have demonstrated he's never accepted it. What he and his group are trying to do is change the democratic choice of Toronto's voters."
But others, including potential mayoral candidate Adam Vaughan, say the full court press against Mr. Ford is simply an instance of the mayor reaping what he has sown.
"I think the mayor operates in a way that he thinks the rules are for everybody else and that they don't apply to him," Mr. Vaughan said. "When you do that, you're bound to upset people who are as defiantly principled as someone like Adam is."
Mr. Reed and Mr. Chaleff-Freudenthaler declined to be interviewed for this story, citing the pending legal cases. Attempts to reach Mr. Magder through his lawyer were unsuccessful.
SPIEGEL: Professor Küng, your former faculty colleague Joseph Ratzinger is coming to Germany this week for a state visit. Do you have an audience scheduled with him?
Küng: I didn't request an audience. I am fundamentally more interested in conversations than audiences.
SPIEGEL: Does Benedict XVI even talk to you anymore?
Küng: After his election to be pope, he invited me to his summer residence, Castel Gandolfo, where we had a four-hour friendly conversation. At the time, I hoped it would mark the beginning of a new era of openness. But that hope has not been fulfilled. We correspond with each other once in a while. The sanctions against me -- the withdrawal of my permission to teach -- still exist. (Ed's note: The Vatican revoked Küng's permission to teach Catholic theology in 1979 after he publicly rejected the dogma of papal infallibility.)
SPIEGEL: When was the last time Benedict wrote to you?
Küng: Through his private secretary (Georg) Gänswein, he thanked me for sending him my latest book and sent me his best wishes.
SPIEGEL: In your polemic book "Ist die Kirche noch zu retten?" ("Can the Church Still Be Saved?"), which was published earlier this year, you harshly criticized the pope for his anti-reformist policy.
Küng: I find it very gratifying that he hasn't ended the personal relationship despite my criticism.
SPIEGEL: Many Catholics feel that the Church is in a rather desolate state. The cover-up of the sexual abuse of children by priests has driven believers away from the Church in droves. What's going wrong?
Küng: If you put it that simply, I'll give you a simple answer. Ratzinger's predecessor, John Paul II, launched a program of ecclesiastical and political restoration, which went against the intentions of the Second Vatican Council. He wanted a re-Christianization of Europe. And Ratzinger was his most loyal assistant, even at an early juncture. One could call it a period of restoration of the pre-council Roman regime.
SPIEGEL: Why are these problems suddenly emerging, 50 years after Vatican II, which took place between 1962 and 1965?
Küng: The problems have been bubbling up in the Church for some time, as the decades-long cover-up of the sexual abuse scandals reveals. At some point, the global abuse problem could no longer be denied. But that isn't the only cover-up by the Catholic hierarchy. The cover-up of the dire condition of the Church is just as bad.
SPIEGEL: What do you mean by that?
Küng: Namely that church life at the parish level has largely disintegrated in many countries. In 2010, for the first time, there were more people leaving the Church than being baptized in Germany. Since the Council, we have lost tens of thousands of priests. Hundreds of rectories are without pastors, and male and female orders are dying out because they can no longer recruit new blood. The number of people attending church services is steadily declining. But the Church hierarchy has not had the courage to admit, honestly and frankly, what the situation is really like. I wonder how this is supposed to continue.
SPIEGEL: When the pope comes to Germany, tens of thousands of people will cheer him at major events. Church leaders will not exactly interpret this as a symptom of crisis.
Küng: I wouldn't have anything against such events if they truly helped the Church locally. But there is a huge discrepancy between the façade, which is now being erected once again for the papal visit to Germany, and the reality. It creates the impression that this is a powerful and healthy church. It is certainly powerful, but is it healthy? We now know that these events do almost nothing for local parishes. They don't lead to more people attending services, more people wanting to become priests or fewer people leaving the Church.
SPIEGEL: Still, some 70,000 people are expected to attend the service in Berlin's Olympic Stadium.
Küng: They're not all believers; the crowd will include many curious onlookers. The believers who will attend are mainly conservative Catholics with no interest in reforms. There are also notorious young, hysterical Benedict fans who are also always present at the major papal events. Most of them are recruited from strictly conservative groups. For many people, the pope is still, to a certain extent, a positive role model and a moral force, although others feel that this aspect has suffered greatly.
SPIEGEL: Are you similarly critical of the pope's visit to the German parliament, the Bundestag? A number of opposition politicians have said they will boycott his address.
Küng: I have no objection to the visit. But I do hope that the politicians that will receive him make it clear that there are Catholics in Germany who disagree with the pope's current positions. According to polls conducted this spring, 80 percent of Germans want reforms.
SPIEGEL: Hasn't the process of other groups -- including political groups -- becoming distanced from the Church come so far that most people couldn't care less about conditions in the Catholic Church?
Küng: Only when they're not thinking about voters. Voters have become very sensitive in this regard. People will be paying very close attention to whether Bundestag President Norbert Lammert, a courageous and upstanding Catholic, will say anything critical to the pope.
SPIEGEL: What you are saying sounds very pessimistic. Is it, as the title of your book asks, too late to save the Church?
Küng: In my view, the Catholic Church as a community of faith will be preserved, but only if it abandons the Roman system of rule. We managed to get by without this absolutist system for 1,000 years. The problems began in the 11th century, when the popes asserted their claim to absolute control over the Church, by applying a form of clericalism that deprived the laity of all power. The celibacy rule also stems from that era.
SPIEGEL: In an interview with the respected weekly German newspaper Die Zeit, you were sharply critical of Pope Benedict, saying that not even King Louis XIV was as autocratic as the leader of the Catholic Church, with his absolutist style of government. Could Benedict truly change the Roman system if he wanted to?
Küng: It's true that this absolutism is an essential element of the Roman system. But it was never an essential element of the Catholic Church. The Second Vatican Council did everything to move away from it, but unfortunately it wasn't thorough enough. No one dared to criticize the pope directly, but there was an emphasis on the pope's collegial relationship with the bishops, which was designed to integrate him into the community again.
SPIEGEL: Was it successful?
Küng: I wouldn't say that it was. The shamelessness with which the Vatican's policy has simply hushed up and neglected the concept of collegiality since then is beyond compare. An unparalleled personality cult prevails once again today, which contradicts everything written in the New Testament. In this sense, one can state this very clearly. Benedict has even accepted the gift of a tiara, a papal crown, the medieval symbol of absolute papal power, which an earlier pope, Paul VI, chose to surrender. I think this is outrageous. He could change all of this overnight, if he wanted to.
What is Bitcoin
Bitcoin is the world's first digital currency and it is expanding in popularity worldwide. With the MetaTrader 4 platform you can trade this rapidly growing currency against the US Dollar 24/7. Many traders prefer to trade Bitcoin derivatives due to this asset's highly volatile nature, which makes it ideal for CFD trading.
How to Trade Bitcoin CFDs in 4 Easy Steps
Open a trading account with AvaTrade Fund your account Fill in your preferred investment amount BUY (go long) or SELL (go short) Bitcoin
Want to join the vibrant Bitcoin Market? Open a trading account with AvaTrade now!
Why Trade Bitcoin with AvaTrade
Uncompromised Safety – With six regulatory authorities and segregated accounts, your money is protected at all times.
– With six regulatory authorities and segregated accounts, your money is protected at all times. Many Cryptos to Choose From – Trade on the wide variety of cryptos available on our trading platforms.
– Trade on the wide variety of cryptos available on our trading platforms. No Hidden Fees – We offer zero commissions and no bank fees on transactions!
– We offer zero commissions and no bank fees on transactions! Bitcoin Never Goes to Sleep – AvaTrade is one of the few brokers offer around-the-clock service and support in 14 languages.
Generous Leverage – Increase your initial capital with generous leverage and get far more exposure to trade than your account balance. Up to
– Increase your initial capital with generous leverage and get far more exposure to trade than your account balance. Up to Limit Your Risk – You can preset profit and loss levels by using stop losses or take profit limits when you trade. Determine the maximum amount you are prepared to risk when speculating on the price, or set a price at which you want to take profits. Future orders like Buy Stops and Buy Limits are also available.
– You can preset profit and loss levels by using stop losses or take profit limits when you trade. Determine the maximum amount you are prepared to risk when speculating on the price, or set a price at which you want to take profits. Future orders like Buy Stops and Buy Limits are also available. Trade Cryptos Against Fiat Currencies – Unlike many exchanges out there, who are restricting their clients to trade only Crypto to Crypto, our clients can trade Cryptos against Fiat currencies (USD, EUR, JPY etc.), as well.
Bitcoin's Rise to Prominence
Around 2008, Satoshi Nakamoto founded the first ever cryptocurrency, Bitcoin. At the time, a paper explaining its mechanics and the ideology behind it, was published through the Cryptography Mailing List.
The first Bitcoin software client was released in 2009, and Nakamoto collaborated with many other developers on the open-source team, never revealing his identity. By 2011, the enigmatic Bitcoin founder had disappeared. His peers then, understood how valuable this cryptocurrency was and worked feverishly to develop it to its maximum potential.
By October 2009, the world's first Bitcoin exchange was established, and by November of that year 4 million Bitcoins had been ‘mined'. At the time, $1 was the equivalent of 1,309 Bitcoin – a fraction of a penny. Considering how widely Bitcoin fluctuates, that was a real steal: it hit the $10,000 mark within eight years.
And so, the rise of the Bitcoin begun…
Source: https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin/
Open a trading account with AvaTrade today and start trading Bitcoin easily and securely!
The maximum accumulated position size for Bitcoin is 100 BTCUSD (10 LOTS), details in our Conditions and Charges page.
How Bitcoin Became So Popular
Bitcoin was the first digital currency to be created. It is also the most respected, capitalised and traded cryptocurrency in the world. Cryptocurrency trading allows for maximum yield when it is volatile, due to its many ups and downs. This is precisely the reason global traders enjoy Bitcoin trading.
The media plays a big part in Bitcoin's volatility. Whenever a breaking story surfaces, Bitcoin starts to fluctuate and traders have the opportunity to cash in. History has shown that Bitcoin traders and speculators routinely push this digital currency to the forefront of CFD trading.
It is increasingly being used as the preferred payment option for merchants, money transfers and trading purposes. Bitcoin enjoys widespread popularity as a financial trading instrument, despite no association with governments or central banks.
Bitcoins are mined with powerful computer hardware and software. A maximum of 21 million Bitcoin will be available, after which no further bitcoins will be produced. The algorithm which governs the production of Bitcoin limits the quantity that will be produced, and the rate at which they will be produced. It is a finite commodity – there is a fixed amount, and that ensures that greater demand will always prop up the price. In this way, it is similar to other finite commodities such as crude oil, silver, or gold.
Don't miss your opportunity to trade Bitcoin. Start Trading Now!
Bitcoin in the News
November 2012 – WordPress started accepting bitcoins
July 2013 – Launching of a joint project in Kenya, linking bitcoin with M-Pesa, a popular East African mobile payments system.
September 2014 – TeraExchange, LLC, received approval from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission to begin listing an over-the-counter swap product based on the price of a bitcoin, marking the first time a U.S. regulatory agency approved a bitcoin financial product.
March 2016 – The Cabinet of Japan recognised virtual currencies like bitcoin as having a function similar to real money.
August 1, 2017 – First fork in Bitcoin was created: Bitcoin Cash
October 24, 2017 – The second fork in Bitcoin was created: Bitcoin Gold
December 10, 2017 – Cboe Futures Exchange (CFE) starts offering Bitcoin futures trading
December 28, 2017 – Third fork in Bitcoin created: New coin on SegWit2x chain called B2X
Need Help Trading Bitcoin?
AvaTrade offers you the opportunity to Buy (go long) or Sell (go short) on all Bitcoin trades. This service is available to you 24/7. You can use your preferred trading strategies to buy or sell Bitcoin regardless of which way the currency is moving.
We encourage you to learn more about Bitcoin trading by visiting our Trading Conditions & Charges page.
Please note: The cryptocurrencies market's high volatility offers endless trading opportunities.
Due to price fluctuation, certain crypto pairs may be suspended and/or removed from our trading platforms periodically.
There will be no shortage of haunted houses in Alabama around Halloween 2018. Y'all definitely do the South proud. Funtober lists all the haunted attractions including commercial haunted hayrides, corn mazes, walking trails, scream parks and more. Alabama has lots of zombies, clowns, freaks, Jason's, and demons roaming the countryside or staying at houses.
Our new updated TOP 100 HAUNTED HOUSES FOR HALLOWEEN 2018 . Also check out our list of the Top 100 Haunted Houses 2017 in America. Is your favorite haunted attraction on the top 10 and top 100 state list?
Last Major Update: July 14, 2018
Haunted House Owner? Advertise Here.
Please see our advertising page or contact us for more information.
Funtober searched the state for the dates and locations of Halloween attractions to include in this 2018 directory of Alabama haunted houses. Twenty different options were located near Mobile, Huntsville, Birmingham, and Auburn. Check out our Guide to America's Best Top 100 Haunted Houses (with videos).
What Scares You? Halloween Haunts in Alabama 2018
Arx Mortis - Killen, AL
Open weekends starting September 22nd. Open most Thursday through Sundays in October plus other dates. Check web page for details. Arx Mortis is one of the best haunted venues in Alabama. It is really 3 experiences in one complex. You will be terrified so it is worth the time to drive to this haunt. Complete with parking, restrooms, concession stand, and live music you can and should expect to spend several hours at Arx Mortis. Covington Clinic is the haunted house. It is a 40-50,000 square foot building. It is so scary they have built in 23 escape exits for those who can not complete the tour. The fright is based on darkness, claustrophobia, gore and horror. The theme is a clinic that has created zombies. The locals are tricked and experimented on while fighting a bio-hazard. The building has a funeral parlor, coffins, embalming area, morgue, experimentation labs and some of the best animatronics and movie quality sound and light experience you will find anywhere in the country. Expect long wait lines. Miners hill is a wonderful half-mile outdoor haunted trail. It takes approximately 30-40 minutes to go through each of these haunts. While rated PG 13 the haunts permit children of any age to enter and scream.
Atrox Factory - Leeds, AL
Opens September 29th. Atrox Factory is a 50,000 square foot Alabama entertainment complex located near Birmingham. It might be the largest haunt listed on Funtober in Alabama. It is a complete night of entertainment fright in October. Atrox Factory features celebrities from the most popular horror movie and TV shows. You can meet the celebrity actors up close for autographs at Atrox. A charity haunt with some of the best character actors and animatronics in the terror industry. The theme is based on altering your mind's experience from what you expect. Fear and fright are abnormal so the facility only admits children above the age of 12. Dr. Slain, your host, leads you through dark passages into rooms with bloody autopsies. You will feel the blood splatter and moisture. Expect to encounter monsters and chainsaw carrying creatures along your minds dark journey. Here you might be grabbed, touched, or pushed by the actors. The 30 minute experience leads you to run for your life. After 10 years of terror, Atrox Factory provides an indoor waiting area complete with a movie, concession stand, restrooms, free parking, wheelchair accessibility and great FX imaging. They use mirrors, sound, motion, fog, lights to create cool scenes throughout the building. The only drawback is the long waiting lines because of the popularity of Atrox Factory. Wait times can be an hour. Parking is free. Atrox has over 34000 Facebook likes..
Columbia Manor - Columbia, AL
Tickets take you back in time. Attraction features former residents and popular friends who have returned from the afterlife. Concessions available so enjoy. Doors open at 7:30 pm. Open most Thursday through Saturday nights in October. Season begins on October 5th.
Darkwood Farms Walking Dead Maze - Arab, AL
I would consider Darkwood Farms a locals maze in Alabama. The attraction has both a haunted house and trail for the one low price. Located in the town of Arab, Walking Dead Maze is approximate 30 miles outside of Huntsville, Alabama. The trail is very dark with actors providing the surprise and scare. The house has blood and actors with chainsaws. It takes about 10 minutes to tour both attractions. It opens at 7:30 pm and runs until finished. Discounts available for donated canned food items.
Greenville Haunted Firehouse - Greenville, AL
Opens September 28th. Many consider this one of the best haunts in all of Alabama. It has served the community for over 10 years. It is scary enough for adults and at times they have added a flashlight tour for children 12 and under. What they found was people, even kids, have different levels of fright tolerance. This charity attraction supports the Muscular Dystropy Association. It is open every Friday and Saturday starting September 28th. Open nightly from 7pm to 11pm.
Haunted Hollow - Valley, AL
It features three haunts named The Village of the Dead, Finn's, and Spinal Tap. Attraction opens for the season on September 28th and runs every Friday and Saturday nights through October. Tickets are $12 for haunt or a combo price of $25.
Haunted House of Horrors - Courtland, AL
Opens September 28th. The undead and mass murderers are walking around the North Alabama town of Courtland. This is a 40,000 square foot facility featuring a full night of entertainment and fright. There is an indoor waiting line area. Food and refreshments available both before and after the attraction. This venue is unaffected by rain. This is another walking dead, zombie type scare. It features both actors and animation. Expect darkness, surprise, fright and fear. House of Horror has scenes of torture, terror, blood, death, ax murder and a few monsters also walking about. Doors open at 6pm and close when the last guest is gone. You will meet the undead, walking dead, and zombie actors. All ages welcome however parents need to realize this is an extremely scary attraction. Parking is free. Generally open every Friday, and Saturday nights in October plus added dates Halloween week.
Haunted Lester Hospital - Lester, AL
Opens for the season on October 5th. Open every Friday and Saturday nights in October. The former D.E. Jackson Memorial Hospital served the Lester, Alabama community for 50 years. This site is a real haunt and the home to many ghost and paranormal sittings. Each October it becomes Zombie Attack a spook house in Alabama. Zombie attack is open each Friday and Saturday from 7pm to midnight. This is a charity haunt featuring, zombies, blood, hospital sittings, ghosts and both man made and paranormal ghosts. It takes approximately 15-20 minutes to go through the building. Unless you run across a real ghost this is a community charity event primarily providing wonderful local entertainment.
Hollis Haunted Chicken House - Heflin, AL
Opens September 28th. The Hollis Fire Department comes through again with their charity entertainment. Actually the Hollis Haunted Chicken House attraction is really 3 haunts in one. Of course there is the terrifying chicken house which you can go through for $15. They offer a hayride for $15. Spend the time and money and do a combo package for only $25-40. The third feature is called Haunted Walking Trail. The Hollis Haunted Chicken House takes place in a real chick house. Consider how terrifying this chamber of horrors was for the chickens. If you are afraid of rats, spiders, snakes, and scorpions then maybe you should keep your chicken self out of the chicken house. Actors portray werewolves, witches, and vampires. This is a large entertainment experience with free parking, a concession stand, and movies for the waiting line. Open every Friday and Saturday from 7pm – 12am. Help “Chicken Dan” wage war against mutant chickens.
Insanitarium - Pinson, AL
Open weekends in early October. Every Fall the walking dead roam the grounds of one of the best zombie type fun houses in Alabama. Located just 20 miles north of downtown Birmingham is Insanitarium. A charity community based attraction on the Palmerdale Homestead Community Center. The story line is the property once housed a mental facility for the criminally insane. The military 60 years ago conducted torture and death experiments on the insane. Now each October the Zombies return and massacre the locals and tourists. Fifteen dollars ($15) gets you inside for the scare of your life. Blood, torture, horror, and death awaits. Are you brave enough for an indoor Halloween venue? Rated PG13, younger children accompanied by an adult are also welcome. The haunted attraction features free onsite parking, an inside waiting line area, running horror movie, refreshment stand, and the fright of your life. Open each Friday and Saturday evening at 7pm until midnight plus a few Sundays. Insanitarium has security, actors, lighting, modern horror attractions, and is wheelchair accessible. The attraction is not affected by inclement weather. The undead are waiting for you. It takes about 30 minutes to go through the complex's dark passageways and feature rooms. Expected to be surprised and terrified.
Magnolia Corn Maze and Field of Terror - Summerdale, AL
Terror activities runs on October 19th, 20th, 26th, and 27th. This is a complete farm attraction that features Zombie Paintball and Fields of Terror attractions on Friday and Saturday nights. The rest of the year Magnolia Farms has daylight activities with two 8 acre corn mazes starting September 29th, hayrides, corn cannons, a petting zoo, pony rides, pig races. and a hay jump. Also they feature a birthday pavilion, campfire sites, bazooka ball, a playground, races, and lots of fun. The haunt attractions are open from 6:00 pm to 11:00 pm.
Mountain Creek Trail of Fear - Verbena, AL
Located in Verbena, Alabama, Mountain Creek combines a haunted trail with a regular hayride attraction. The scare is provided by actors portraying a community of walking dead, undead, and zombie creatures. Lots of blood along the trail. It takes about 35 minutes to walk the Trail of Fear. Open every Friday and Saturday night beginning October 5th.
Popes Haunted Farm - Salem, AL
Celebrate over 25 years of scary fun at Pope's Farm in 2018. Attraction features their original haunted hayride plus the haunted barn and haunted forest. They have added a new Zombie Paintball attraction. This year all the attractions have been re-worked to provide a whole new experience. See more special effects, animatronics, live actors, and special sounds than ever before. Their high scare walk through will amaze. They are open from 7:30 pm until 11 pm on Friday and Saturday nights in October. It is safe to say that something is out there but you probably do not want to know what it is.
Sloss Fright Furnace - Birmingham, AL
Sloss Fright is a real haunted house in Birmingham. It is one of the most scary places on earth. It is the subject of many newspaper and television stories on the paranormal. In late September, Sloss opens to the public as one of the most popular scare attractions in Alabama. A scary place just gets real scary. Sloss Fright Furnace has two trails. One 30 minute tour of the furnace and another 15 minute trail tour through the surrounding woods. The furnace was an old steel mill in Birmingham. Over the years hundreds died in industrial accidents. Many people have seen or experienced ghosts inside the factory. Now each October Sloss Furnace adds man made terror to this already scary place. At Sloss you can expect to find snakes, bats, rats, cockroaches and creatures in a building more than 120 years old. The tour has added smoke, strobe lights, lasers, black lights, explosions, fire, sounds, actors, animation, and high voltage electricity to the fright. Ghosts and weird real life experiences are the attraction. What will you see and experience? Some characters are actors and some are possibly real ghosts. You never know which is which at Sloss Furnace. All ages can take the furnace tour. The trail tour is restricted to age 14 and up unless accompanied by adults. Typically there are wait times but not unreasonable. There is a restaurant in the waiting area. (Road-kill). Open most Thursday through Sunday nights in October and every night the week before Halloween.
Spook Trail Maze of Monsters & Mahyem - Quinton, AL
Spook Trail is an outdoor maze trail featuring freaky looking monsters and dark passageways. Quinton is about 30 minutes north of Birmingham. A dark trail is always scary. Here you add a few strobe lights, scary actors who touch and grab you, and both the surprise and anticipation of the next monster fright. Spook Trail has been terrifying people for more than 20 years. Spook Trail takes about 45 minutes to complete. At $15 this is a great value. Donate some canned goods and get another $5 off. Spook Trail is a competed entertainment haunt with restrooms, music, and a concession stand (Boneyard Grill). The trail is open every Friday and Saturday night starting on September 28th. It opens at dark and closes at midnight.
The Haunting at Camp Liberty - Battleground, AL
An extreme military style experience with a twist – a secret program gone horribly wrong! An interactive, fully immersive, themed touch haunt, plus an excape room. Wear old clothes and shoes, no jewelry or phones – minimum age 16. Opens 9/21/18
Warehouse 31 - Pelham, AL
Opens September 28th. There are 3 events at Warehouse 31. Warehouse 31 is a new 30,000 square foot attraction from Florida that relocated to the Birmingham area. It is just 20 minutes north of downtown. Rigamortis is a haunted trail with 30 unique scenes. The 3D Clown Nightmare has but what else scary 3D Clowns. Vertigo is their maze.  They are also had a wonderful Monsters Midway with music and souvenirs. Warehouse 31 does allow you to wear your costume with the mask. Warehouse 31 opens late September. Gates are open 6:30 pm to midnight on Friday and Saturday and until 11 pm on other nights. Another one of the new fun houses in Alabama. Save money and buy your tickets online. Secured parking on Friday and Saturday nights. Free parking is available. Warehouse 31 has over 37000 Facebook likes. Also check out our list of the Top 100 Haunted Houses 2017 in America. Is your favorite haunted attraction on our top 10 and top 100 state list?
Image caption Ron Tierney posted his concerns online and had 4,500 replies from drivers with similar experiences
More than 1,000 lorry drivers have been left owing large sums of tax after claims the accounting company they used disappeared with the money.
They say they were encouraged by agencies to set up as limited companies and use the services of the now-defunct Lincoln-based firm Think Accounting.
An HMRC inquiry is under way after drivers were hit with unpaid tax bills.
Company owners Lee Wilson and Symon Williams Cooke did not respond to BBC requests for a comment.
It is alleged the pair, who were not qualified accountants, worked with HGV driving agencies, paying agency staff commission if they encouraged the drivers to set up as limited companies with Think Accounting.
Image caption HMRC said there were about 1,400 drivers represented by Think Accounting facing issues
These limited companies and the tax they were liable for were administered by the firm on the drivers' behalf.
Drivers were given a small weekly wage plus expenses and dividends and say they believed the firm was paying the correct level of tax owed.
One of the affected drivers, Ian Hannon, said he received a tax bill for £11,500 after dealings with the company.
"My national insurance, my corporation tax, my VAT - Think Accounting had not forwarded anything on to the relevant parties to the tune of £11,500."
'Expecting bailiffs'
The company operated from 2011 to 2016, first as Think Accounting, then New Wave Accounting and finally Igloo Accounting, all of which have since ceased trading.
Problems came to light when driver Ron Tierney from Barnsley posted about his experiences on an online forum used by truckers.
"I put on had anyone been a victim of Think and I had 4,500 replies off other truckers in the same position," he said.
"I brushed it under the carpet. I didn't want to tell my wife, my family. I was expecting bailiffs to knock at the front door."
Image caption Ian Hannon was asked to pay £11,500 by the government after dealings with the company
The drivers were directed to another accountant who reported concerns to the police. The investigation was then passed on to HMRC.
Accountant Nic Davison, who has worked with some of the affected drivers, said: "HMRC should have put a stop to it straight away, but what they are doing is prosecuting the people that can't defend themselves."
HMRC urged people to be clear what they were signing up to.
It said anyone who could not pay their tax debts should contact them.
See more on this story on Inside Out, on BBC One Yorkshire and Lincolnshire on Monday 9 October at 19:30 BST, and later on the BBC iPlayer.
A female idol was in critical condition after being viciously stabbed during an event for apparently refusing a gift from a reported fan in Koganei, western Tokyo, police said Sunday.
Mayu Tomita, 20, has yet to regain consciousness after being stabbed nearly two dozen times in the neck and chest on Saturday.
Tomohiro Iwazaki, 27, was arrested after witnesses said he attacked Tomita with a knife during an event at around 5 p.m. Saturday. The suspect admitted attacking her, the police said.
Tomita may have been a victim of stalking. The Metropolitan Police Department said the idol told them earlier this month that a man named Iwazaki had been persistently sending her messages via her blog and Twitter account.
Police sources quoted Iwazaki as saying he stabbed Tomita because she returned a gift he had earlier sent her and did not clearly explain why.
“I ambushed her at the station and asked her (about the gift). I lost my temper and stabbed her many times because she didn't clearly answer,” the suspect was quoted as saying.
When police received a call from an eyewitness and rushed to the scene, they found a bloody folding knife with an 8.2-cm blade.
Iwazaki was standing nearby and admitted using the knife to stab the woman.
Police plan to re-arrest him on suspicion of attempted murder, the sources said.
Tomita was scheduled to give a live performance later that night in the same building, which is about 300 meters southwest of Musashi-Koganei Station in western Tokyo on the Chuo Line and is close to Koganei City Hall.
A man in his 40s who took part in the event quoted Tomita as earlier saying she was being stalked by a man demanding her phone number.
According to the owner of a restaurant in the same building, a trail of blood and a bloodstained mask were found on stairs leading to the room where the concert was to take place.
According to sources, a person believed to be Iwazaki sent multiple messages to Tomita's Twitter account. In those messages, the person claimed to have sent a watch to her sometime between January and February. It was apparently returned to the sender in April.
“I will never forget that I was looked down upon by you,” a message sent on Feb. 22 read.
“It would be radical to kill just because (someone was) rejected by a girl,” read another message dated March 15.
In May 2014, two members of the popular idol group AKB48 were attacked by a 24-year-old man brandishing a saw. The two were injured and the idol group canceled its fan meet-and-greet events, where participants buying CDs and tickets can meet and shake hands with AKB48 members.
The suspect, Satoru Umeda, pleaded guilty to the charges in November 2014 and was eventually given a sentence of six years in prison. The ruling was finalized in February 2015.
For one night at least, Tayshaun Prince brought back memories of his successful run with Detroit at the start of his career.
Prince scored 19 points, and the Boston Celtics held off the Utah Jazz for a 99-90 victory on Monday.
"I just had shots fall for me tonight and got in a good rhythm," Prince said. "Everybody knows I bring some intangibles and defense. I can slow things downs and help my teammates out, but tonight shots were falling and that made it even better."
Tyler Zeller had 14 points and seven rebounds for Boston, which grabbed control with a big second quarter. Jared Sullinger had 12 points and nine rebounds, and Avery Bradley also scored 12.
The 34-year-old Prince, who was acquired from Memphis in a three-team trade on Jan. 12, was 7 for 10 from the field and 3 for 4 at the free-throw line.
"Tayshaun always knows what's going on," Celtics coach Brad Stevens said. "He's lived it all. A team has got you down by 20 in a quarter and it doesn't look like his pulse has moved. You go up by 20 and it doesn't look like his pulse has moved. He's just playing and he plays the right way. He made us better today."
Gordon Hayward had 26 points for Utah, and Enes Kanter finished with 20. Reserve Trey Burke added 18 points, and Derrick Favors finished with 13 points with eight rebounds.
The Celtics (16-27) dominated both sides of the floor in the second quarter, jumping to a 55-31 halftime lead. Boston outscored Utah 38-14 in the quarter while shooting 60 percent from the field for the period.
"We didn't play hard," Jazz coach Quin Snyder said. "Maybe it's a little more complicated than that, we played soft as much as anything."
Utah shot 29.4 percent from the field in the second, but put together a big third period to get back in the game. Hayward had 13 in the third and Kanter scored 10. Hayward's 3-pointer trimmed Boston's lead to 71-66 heading into the final period.
But the Celtics pulled away in the fourth.
"We just got real slow with our ball movement in the third quarter, kind of satisfied with the lead," Prince said. "We just passed the ball one time and shoot it. So when I got in there, I told the guys we were going to have to get some ball movement and take better shots."
FAMILY AFFAIR
Burke and Sullinger grew up together and played on the same high school team in Columbus, Ohio. Sullinger's dad, Satch, coached the team.
Hayward played college ball at Butler under Celtics coach Brad Stevens. The two led the Bulldogs to the 2010 title game, losing to Duke 61-59.
POINT GUARD COMP
Jazz rookie Dante Exum has started the last three games, with Burke playing in a reserve role. Exum averaged 14 points and 4.5 assists in wins over Milwaukee and Brooklyn. He was held scoreless with two assists in 25 minutes against the Celtics.
Burke put up points in bunches for the second consecutive game after scoring 19 against the Nets on Saturday. He played the fourth-quarter, crunch-time minutes Monday.
"I see him as a sixth starter," Snyder said before the game. "That group has struggled to score and I think he gives us that. I'm going to keep on him about defending the position and continuing to improve in that area, too. ... There's probably more opportunities that come to him because there's a little more need to create."
TIP-INS
Jazz: Forward Jeremy Evans did not play due to an illness. ... The Jazz outscored the Celtics 44-36 in the paint. ... The biggest Jazz lead was two points, three times in the first quarter.
Celtics: The Celtics have won two of three, including a narrow three-point loss to Golden State last week. ... All 10 players who saw the floor scored. ... The Celtics are now 4-4 on the second night of back-to-back games.
UP NEXT
Jazz: Host the Clippers on Wednesday.
Celtics: Visit the Timberwolves on Wednesday.
Kerri Rawson, the daughter of BTK serial killer Dennis Rader, broke the family's nine-year silence Thursday and talked about her father's 10 murders.
An interview by writer Stephen King about the upcoming movie “A Good Marriage” prompted her to break the self-imposed silence, she said.
The movie, adapted from one of King's short stories, is about a wife who suddenly discovers her husband is a serial killer. Rawson, 36, learned on Wednesday that the movie was inspired by her father and her family.
“He's exploiting my father's 10 victims and their families,” she said.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Wichita Eagle
She said she, her brother and her mother didn't know that her father was BTK until the FBI told her in February 2005, shortly after Dennis Rader's arrest.
She said her father is where he belongs, in prison. She has never visited him there. “I haven't been brave enough for that yet,” she said.
“He has said he is sorry, but that means nothing,” she said of her father. “He is not worth all the books and the news stories and all the attention.”
More about BTK | Photos: Growing up with BTK | Dennis Rader's testimony | Four boys who grew up to catch a monster | When your father is the BTK serial killer, forgiveness is not tidy
And she criticized King, who gave interviews in recent days saying the novella and movie were inspired by the BTK murders, and how the killer lived for years with a family who had no idea what he was doing. “A Good Marriage” is a story in the collection “Full Dark, No Stars,” which was published in 2010.
King until Wednesday was one of her favorite writers, she said.
“He's just going to give my father a big head, and he absolutely does not need that,” she said. “Great – now Stephen King is giving my father a big head. Thanks for that. That's the last thing my dad should get.”
She said King will make money, as she said he always does, only this time from the grief of all the victim families. “How many millions does he already have?” she said.
“Any money King makes off this story should go either to abused children, battered wives, or police,” Rawson said.
She said she's read at least a dozen Stephen King novels and loved them all but won't read another. She said her father was also a huge King fan – she worries that King's books might have influenced some of the bad things her father did in some of his later murders.
“We feel exploited,” she said of her family. “We consider ourselves the 11th victim family. Stephen King has the right to tell a story, but why bring us into it? Why couldn't he just find inspiration for another good story, but leave out where it all came from?”
‘They never knew'
Rawson lives in Michigan; she married her husband, Darian, 11 years ago, with Dennis Rader giving her away at the wedding.
She is a stay-at-home mother and a former elementary school teacher; she has two young children, a boy and girl. Dennis Rader knows he has grandchildren, she said, but she has never sent him pictures.
She and her family were hounded by the media after her father's arrest. They hid, and talked through doors, asking people to go away.
“Oprah called. Diane Sawyer called. I saw my father's picture on CNN. It was insane,” Rawson said.
She said it hurt to hear that Ken Landwehr died of kidney cancer earlier this year. Landwehr was the Wichita police homicide unit commander who devised the strategy to capture her father after the serial killer resurfaced with taunting messages sent to police and the media in 2004.
Landwehr “and Kelly Otis (a police detective on the BTK task force) were very kind to me and my family,” Rawson said. “They helped us get through it, talked to us with a lot of kindness. I am sure they kept a lot of media crap away from us afterward. And there was a lot of that.”
She's grateful to Landwehr for two other reasons. He and his task force removed a serial killer from freedom. And they publicly defended the rest of the family, saying in interviews that they were sure the other Raders, including her mother, Paula, did not know what Dennis was doing in the 31 years that he stalked women, killed 10 people and remained free.
In the nine years since her father's capture in February 2005, a statement she and her mother Paula have heard repeatedly was that Paula knew all along.
“No way could she have known,” Rawson said. “She wouldn't have raised us with him.”
Otis said she's right.
“It's absolutely true; they never knew about it,” Otis said.
Otis, now chief of investigations for the Sedgwick County district attorney, said he thinks it is unfortunate that King is basing the short story on the BTK story.
“Dennis Rader got sexually aroused every time he relived what he did to those victims,” Otis said. “I can absolutely guarantee that that's what he will do now that he'll know that King is basing this story on him.”
King's inspiration
Katherine Monoghan, a publicist for King, who is scheduled to speak in Wichita on Nov. 14, said King was traveling by air on Thursday and wasn't available to respond to Rawson's comments.
But on King's website he wrote this about the inspiration for his short story, “A Good Marriage”:
“This story came to my mind after reading an article about Dennis Rader, the infamous BTK (bind, torture, and kill) murderer who took the lives of ten people – mostly women, but two of his victims were children – over a period of roughly sixteen years.
“In many cases, he mailed pieces of his victims' identification to the police. Paula Rader was married to this monster for thirty-four years, and many in the Wichita area, where Rader claimed his victims, refuse to believe that she could live with him and not know what he was doing.
“I did believe – I do believe – and I wrote this story to explore what might happen in such a case if the wife suddenly found out about her husband's awful hobby.
“I also wrote it to explore the idea that it's impossible to fully know anyone, even those we love the most.”
A synopsis of King's story on the website says: “Darcy Anderson learns more about her husband of over twenty years than she would have liked to know when she stumbles literally upon a box under a worktable in their garage.”
‘He was confessing'
Dennis Rader remains in “special management” at El Dorado Correctional Facility, prison records show.
He has been held there since Aug. 19, 2005, according to Kansas Department of Corrections records. His “earliest possible release date” is listed as Feb. 26, 2180, long beyond a human lifetime.
He has received only one disciplinary report in those nine years, for a mail-related violation.
His latest prison mug shot, taken in early 2013, shows a man who looks noticeably older, with a deeply creased forehead and disheveled hair on both sides of the bald top of his head.
Her father is now 69, Rawson said. Her mother is 66, and retired.
Rawson said the FBI came to her door in Michigan in February 2005.
“At first I tried to argue,” she said. “I get a knock on my door at noon (in Michigan). The FBI is telling me my dad is this other person. I didn't believe it and tried to alibi my dad: ‘What dates are you talking about?' ‘What time periods are we talking about here?' I tried, but then quickly found out … there was no other way around it, it was true.
“He was confessing.”
The media hounded her mother, her grandmother, the rest of her family in Wichita. They hounded her in Michigan, she said. They offered friends and relatives money to talk. “It was awful,” she said. “I think my mother and I both suffer from some PTSD from what happened.”
It shattered her and her brother's lives and emotions, she said. Both were bright children. Her brother, Brian, had been an Eagle scout and was in training to serve in U.S. Navy submarines when Dennis Rader was arrested, she said, noting that “you can't do anything like that unless you're really bright.”
Her brother served on Navy submarines from 2004 to 2009, she said. He's going to college on the GI Bill, she said. She worries that he is struggling.
“He doesn't have the kids and the family that I have,” she said. “And that's really all I should say about him.”
She has two degrees, one in education, one in life sciences, from Kansas State University, she said. But they all had to go into hiding. She and her mother sought counseling.
“The hardest thing: Once you find out this horrible stuff about someone you loved and live with, you had to really work through it,” Rawson said.
She said she would never have made it without the strength of her husband, her mother and her Christian faith. “You just decide this is what life gave you,” Rawson said. “And you decide to go on.”
Her mother, who still lives in the Wichita area, is one of her heroes. “She held her head up, kept her life quiet, kept going to church – she is amazing,” she said.
Her own daughter, a child, has begun to ask questions. “She's realized she's got these two grandmothers – but where is her grandfather?” Rawson said. “She's seen our wedding video. My father gave me away at the wedding. What father wouldn't do that?”
“I didn't want to lie,” Rawson said. “So I've told my daughter he's in prison. I have not told her why. I told her that her grandpa did bad things. And because it's sometimes really hard to get through a day, I sometimes tell her that her mom is having a really bad day.
“I know it's all crazy. Anybody who met my dad, who knew him – to hear that he's this other thing, this killer. … It is very hard for everyone who knew him to wrap their heads around it.'
‘He was my dad'
The last time she saw her father: Christmas 2004. BTK had resurfaced the previous March. He would be caught two months later, in February 2005.
She can't bring herself to go see him in prison, she said. But she has written occasionally, “Is it true?”
And her father has occasionally written back.
She accepts none of his explanations for what he did.
In her home, growing up, she loved him.
“He was everything,” Rawson said. “He was just a dad. He taught us about nature. How to fish. How to go camping. How to garden. He taught me a ton. He took us on good vacations. He was pretty Boy Scouty – no swearing.”
In her home in Park City as a child, she said, their father disciplined her and her brother for mistakes – for not picking up their shoes, or for swearing, or for sitting in his favorite chair at the kitchen table. “But,” she said, “he never abused us in any way.”
“He's just this guy.
“I have never hated him. I was extremely hurt by him I loved him, after all. He was my dad. So I was extremely angry and hurt.
“One of the worst parts: wondering, did he really love us?
“Or was it just a facade?”
‘I'm glad they caught him'
In 2012, she said, she stood up in her church (“I am a non-denominational evangelical Christian,” she said). “I told my story to 200 women,” she said.
That brought a measure of relief, though she told the women she'd never forgive her father.
But some time after that, at Christmas time, on the way home from a movie, she decided to forgive her father – to bring some peace to herself, though not necessarily for him. “God gave me that forgiveness,” she said. “My faith is my rock under me.”
She wrote a six-page letter to her dad, explaining that her forgiveness comes with caveats: That she will never understand what he did, or why. That what he did makes no sense.
“No matter what the books or the stories have said, he's not a monster,” she said. “He's just a guy who did the worst thing possible, 10 times in 17 years.
“He belongs in prison.
“I'm glad they caught him.
“I cannot imagine being one of the victim families and to endure what they must have gone through.”
Contributing: Tim Potter of The Eagle
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi will meet protesting students of FTII in Pune
Rahul Gandhi's pep-talk to protesting students of the Film and Television Institute of India or FTII today featured a sharp attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his BJP."The nature of the discussion is - you agree with us then fine...if not, we will smash you. To shut people up they call you anti-national, anti-Hindu," he told the students, who have been on strike for nearly two months over the appointment of TV actor Gajendra Singh as the chairman of the institute's governing council.Interacting with the students in an auditorium at the Pune-based institute, the Congress vice president said: "Only the PM decides in the BJP, only one man has power. If the PM wants somebody, the BJP can't remove them."Also referring to the BJP's ideological mentor RSS or Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, he said: "The RSS and its ideologues are systematically promoting mediocre people in the system...they are hell bent on undermining the educational institutions' stature...it is not going on just in the education system but also in bureaucratic and judicial system."Dressed in a tee-shirt and jeans and leaning against the stage, the 44-year-old took questions and also asked many of them."This will make a really nice movie - how the entire might of the Indian government was trying to push 250 students aside," he remarked to a hall-full of film students.The students have boycotted classes for weeks and refused to return unless the central government cancels the appointment of Gajendra Chauhan, who is seen as close to the ruling BJP. Several alumni and film personalities say Mr Chauhan's stature falls far short of the standards of the famous institute."This is not just about FTII. It is happening in a lot of higher education and cultural institutions," one student told Mr Gandhi, who nodded in agreement."I am ready to fight with you," replied the Congress leader. The BJP has accused the Congress of trying to whip up politics over the film institute protests. "If students see Gajendra Chauhan as a politician, then is Rahul a filmmaker?" scoffed actor-politician Paresh Rawal.
We've recently started on a new product at work using the AngularJS framework. One of the most useful resources when starting out was the #angularjs room on freenode. There seems to be a really large, vibrant community around AngularJS and that's always helpful when starting from scratch on a new framework. One of the best resources in the room was David Mosher, who helped us get set up with Lineman – an awesome build framework based on Grunt – and pointed us to some of his video tutorials. Honestly, these were a great resource for getting started and I highly recommend watching them. The following tutorial is heavily inspired by the examples David provided.
Basic Routing
Before starting with authentication you'll need to have some routes. Let's start with a logged out state, and a logged in state:
angular . module ( "yourApp" ). config ( function ( $routeProvider ) { $routeProvider . when ( '/login' , { templateUrl : 'login.html' , controller : 'LoginController' resolve : { //... } }); $routeProvider . when ( '/app' , { templateUrl : 'app.html' , controller : 'AppController' resolve : { //... } }); });
In this simple example we have a state for logging in and another state for seeing the app once logged in. In order to limit access to authenticated users we are going to have to check their status before allowing them to view the app state.
Adding Authentication
This is the real meat of the solution. They key is adding this new function that watches the $routeChangeStart event and reacts on it. Once this event fires, we check if the route is clean (using some fancy underscore.js). It's easier to enumerate all the routes that don't require rather than all the ones that do. Presumably, there are significantly more that do.
angular . module ( 'yourApp' ). run ( function ( $rootScope , $location , AuthenticationService ) { // enumerate routes that don't need authentication var routesThatDontRequireAuth = [ '/login' ]; // check if current location matches route var routeClean = function ( route ) { return _ . find ( routesThatDontRequireAuth , function ( noAuthRoute ) { return _ . str . startsWith ( route , noAuthRoute ); }); }; $rootScope . $on ( '$routeChangeStart' , function ( event , next , current ) { // if route requires auth and user is not logged in if ( ! routeClean ( $location . url ()) && ! AuthenticationService . isLoggedIn ()) { // redirect back to login $location . path ( '/login' ); } }); });
As you can see it's fairly intuitive. If the route needs to be authenticated and the user is not logged in, then redirect them back to the login page. This doesn't necessarily have to be a redirect, this can be an API request to see if their session cookie is still active. You can build on this and make it as sophisticated as you need – but the skeleton will probably remain the same.
Handling Failed Authentication from the API
There is another possibility, of course, in which the user is not authenticated and initiates an action that results in API request. The result will be a 401 response and possibly some sort of authentication exception. Handling this 401 should be done as follows (all credit goes to David Mosher on this one):
angular . module ( 'yourApp' ). config ( function ( $httpProvider ) { var logsOutUserOn401 = [ '$q' , '$location' , function ( $q , $location ) { var success = function ( response ) { return response ; }; var error = function ( response ) { if ( response . status === 401 ) { //redirect them back to login page $location . path ( '/login' ); return $q . reject ( response ); } else { return $q . reject ( response ); } }; return function ( promise ) { return promise . then ( success , error ); }; }]; $httpProvider . responseInterceptors . push ( logsOutUserOn401 ); });
As you can see, we add an interceptor to capture the promises from the $httpProvider and validate them to make sure they are not 401 errors. If they happen to be 401 then we send the user back to the login page.
Mixing in UI-Router
One of the more useful plugins for angular is ui-router. This plugin allows you to create more powerful constructs with your states by using inheritance and substate transitions. Using ui-router, our route definition would be as follows:
angular . module ( 'yourApp' ). config ( function ( $stateProvider , $urlRouterProvider ) { $urlRouterProvider . otherwise ( '/' ); $stateProvider . state ( 'login' , { url : '/login' , templateUrl : 'login.html' , controller : 'LoginController' resolve : { //... } }) . state ( 'app' , { url : '/app' , templateUrl : 'app.html' , controller : 'AppController' resolve : { //... } }); });
Similarly, we'll need to make some minor changes to the authentication watch function – from watching route change, to state change.
angular . module ( 'yourApp' ). run ( function ( $rootScope , $location , AuthenticationService ) { // enumerate routes that don't need authentication var routesThatDontRequireAuth = [ '/login' ]; // check if current location matches route var routeClean = function ( route ) { return _ . find ( routesThatDontRequireAuth , function ( noAuthRoute ) { return _ . str . startsWith ( route , noAuthRoute ); }); }; $rootScope . $on ( '$stateChangeStart' , function ( ev , to , toParams , from , fromParams ) { // if route requires auth and user is not logged in if ( ! routeClean ( $location . url ()) && ! AuthenticationService . isLoggedIn ()) { // redirect back to login $location . path ( '/login' ); } }); });
Fortunately, we don't have to change the 401 intercepter and everything works just as before.
Expanding into Role-Based Authentication
The last step that you may want to take is role-based authentication. This is starting to add a bit more complexity to your app, and may not be necessary on the JS side. However, if you do need it, it's a critical component.
The way to approach this would have some sort of user object with roles, ideally specified in an injectable service:
angular . module ( 'yourApp' ). factory ( 'UserService' , function () { var currentUser = null ; var adminRoles = [ 'admin' , 'editor' ]; var otherRoles = [ 'user' ]; return { // some code that gets and sets the user to the singleton variable... validateRoleAdmin : function () { return _ . contains ( adminRoles , currentUser . role ); }, validateRoleOther : function () { return _ . contains ( otherRoles , currentUser . role ); } }; });
Then inject this UserService into the authentication watcher for further authorization, after the authentication step. Or, probably more ideally, you would want to create an AuthorizationService and separate it from the UserService (i.e. separation of concerns). It would look something like this:
angular . module ( 'yourApp' ). run ( function ( $rootScope , $location , AuthenticationService , UserService ) { // enumerate routes that don't need authentication var routesThatDontRequireAuth = [ '/login' ]; var routesThatForAdmins = [ '/admin' ]; // check if route does not require authentication var routeClean = function ( route ) { //... } // check if route requires admin priviledge var routeAdmin = function ( route ) { //... } $rootScope . $on ( '$stateChangeStart' , function ( ev , to , toParams , from , fromParams ) { if ( ! routeClean ( $location . url ()) && ! AuthenticationService . isLoggedIn ()) { // redirect back to login $location . path ( '/login' ); } else if ( routeAdmin ( $location . url () && ! UserService . validateRoleAdmin ()) { // redirect to error page $location . path ( '/error' ); } }); });
Hope you found this tutorial useful. Feel free to email or tweet me if you have any comments or corrections.
I have had quite a few requests for a working code sample for this post. I spent some time putting one together and you can find it here. Note that the working code is slightly different than the code above, but the main idea is the same.
Enjoy!
Who doesn't love Mexican food?! Well, maybe Donald Trump. But that's a shame, because Mexican food is the jam, especially if you're a vegan. Most of the core ingredients used in Mexican cooking – beans, rice, corn, potatoes, salsa, tortillas – are inherently vegan, which means you don't have to do much modifying to make awesome Mexican-vegan yumminess. That's why we put together this roundup of spectacularly spicy vegan Mexican recipes.
22 Vegan Mexican Recipes That'll Make You Say “¡Ay, caramba!”
#1. 6-Layer Mexican Pinwheels
Get the recipe here.
#2. Grilled Zucchini & Corn Tostadas with Spicy Hummus
My Latest Videos
Get the recipe here.
#3. Easy Fresh Mexican Salsa
Get the recipe here.
#4. Corn, Avocado & Black Bean Salsa
Get the recipe here.
#5. Smoky Chipotle Guacamole
Get the recipe here.
#6. Homemade Tortilla Chips
Get the recipe here.
#7. Triple-Stacked Quesadillas
Get the recipe here.
#8. Portobello Asada Tacos
Get the recipe here.
#9. Vegan Black Bean & Seitan Tamale Pie
Get the recipe here.
#10. Chipotle Seitan Tacos with Jicama Slaw + Charred Corn
Get the recipe here.
#11. Creamy Cheesy Tortilla Soup
Get the recipe here.
#12. Jalapeño Ranch Potato Enchiladas with Roasted Poblano Sauce
Get the recipe here.
#13. Loaded Vegan Nachos
Get the recipe here.
#14. Vegan Mexican Pizza
Get the recipe here.
#15. Cilantro & Sweet Corn Soup
Get the recipe here.
#16. Vegan “Chicken” Enchiladas
Get the recipe here.
#17. Vegan Mexican Street Corn
Get the recipe here.
#18. Portobello Fajitas
Get the recipe here.
#19. Mexican Wedges with Vegan Nacho Cheese Sauce
Get the recipe here.
#20. Nachos with Pickled Chili Chimichurri
Get the recipe here.
#21. Grapefruit Habanero Margarita
Get the recipe here.
#22. Vegan Churros
Get the recipe here.
We hope you enjoyed this roundup of vegan Mexican recipes. If you'd like to find other roundups like this one, check out more of VeganFoodLover.com.
For high school football players, some dream to play college football. College football players aspire to take it even further, as their chances narrow, to the National Football League.
To put things in perspective, here are a few facts about this ‘dream' from NFL.com:
The “10,000-hour rule” says that no one gets excellent at anything without roughly 10,000 hours of ‘deliberate practice'
There are 20 million men in the U.S. that are old enough to play football: only about 1,900 ever do
And more facts from NCAA.com, as of 2013:
There are 310,465 high school seniors who play football, only 70,147 compete at the collegiate level
Only 254 of the 70,147 get drafted
Less than two in 100, or 1.6 percent, of NCAA senior football players will get drafted by a National Football League (NFL) team
It's not rocket science- the chances of making the NFL are slim to none. Thousands go undrafted, never hear their name called, and their dream of suiting up to play in the NFL dies with continual rejection.
There's a name on the Dallas Cowboys roster right now that might not jump off the page. But Tyler Patmon's goal is for you to know his name, and never forget it.
Patmon initially went to college at the University of Kansas, and, after three successful seasons, surprisingly transferred within the conference to Oklahoma State University. Patmon abruptly announced on Twitter that his transfer was “not by choice”. No one specified publicly who made the call for him to leave, but do the math. If you can't figure the equation, you're sure to see a pattern if you keep reading.
[via CollegeSportsBlog]
Patmon was more than successful in his single season at Oklahoma State. His description from the university's website include, “crucial part of the OSU secondary…made one of OSU's most memorable plays of the season…led all corners with four tackles for loss…”…pretty honorable.
It seems the Stillwater fans got to know his name pretty quickly there – but Patmon wanted more. The last sentence of his biography on the website reads, “Would like to play in the NFL”.
Concluding his college career, he trained the entire offseason leading to the draft. During the 2014 NFL Draft, Tyler Patmon's name was never called.
“It was something that can be stressful. You don't know what's going to happen or come up in your career, you don't know if your career will even continue. It was just a thing where I had to keep my faith, keep my faith in God, keep pushing and grinding and keep confidence that I can play in this league, and wait for my opportunity,” Patmon said.
In mid-May, the Dallas Cowboys invited fifteen players to try out at a Rookie Minicamp at Valley Ranch:
-Texas A&M-Kingsville wide receiver Robert Armstrong
-Louisiana Monroe quarterback Kolton Browning
-Texas Tech defensive end Dartwan Bush
-Tennessee defensive tackle Maurice Couch
-Louisiana Monroe running back Jyruss Edwards
-Bowling Green cornerback Aaron Foster
-BYU tight end Kaneakua Friel
-Colorado center Gus Handler
-Wake Forest running back Josh Harris
-Lehigh receiver Lee Kurfis
-Baylor linebacker Eddie Lackey
-Oklahoma State linebacker Caleb Lavey
-Citadel safety Brandon McCladdie
-Temple offensive lineman Darius Morris
-Oklahoma State cornerback Tyler Patmon
Which name do you remember?
Patmon was the only player the Cowboys kept from that weekend. Patmon was then invited to compete for a roster spot at Training Camp in Oxnard, California. I noticed him.
Patmon headed to training camp with silent, unwavered, ongoing motivation. He calls himself ‘Lion Hearted' on Twitter.
“[The motivation] is always around you. I see guys on ESPN and know I'm better than that guy. See guys getting big contracts, man, I can do that. There's not a day I don't go to sleep without thinking about it. I know what I have to do. I have to train everyday thinking like that, to get where I want to be,” Patmon said.
Patmon's personal trainer, Ronnie “Real Truth” Braxton, trained him last season prior to the draft, and is working with him, and other NFL players, this offseason, as well.
“He calls himself ‘lion heart', and I take that seriously, because anyone can label themselves as a lion heart, but, like, he is the definition of a lion heart, when you know where he's came from and where he is today. My message to him is, the lion heart has to change to a lion mentality, the lion mentality has to be able to touch everyone around him, and everyone around you becomes lions,” Braxton said.
“Lion hearted. I have a heart of a lion. Nobody's going to outwork me, no one's got more hunger to be in the league, I take pride in that. Ever since I was little, people have overlooked me,” Patmon said.
Patmon went from a man on the street to cornerback in the NFL. You may remember a notable play from his rookie season when he picked off Carson Palmer and returned it 58 yards for a score. Relive the moment on DallasCowboys.com, here.
Patmon played in 11 games in 2014, in mostly nickel packages and with special teams. He finished with eight tackles, one interception and a touchdown. Many think the hardest offseason transition is the one between college and the NFL. But Patmon has another test this offseason to not only repeat what he did in a pleasing rookie year, but to capitalize, build, and improve from what he's already done to maintain a roster spot. But with his lion-hearted mindset, can we expect to see his name even more in this 2015 season?
On April 17th, HBO will take a pricey plunge into the fantasy genre when it debuts its hotly-anticipated series Game Of Thrones.
Though the cult-like interest in a show still months away bodes very well for a network in turn-around mode, staying true to the best-selling series on which it is based won't come easy. As author of the original A Song of Ice and Fire books George R.R. Martin can tell you, fantasy fans will let you know if they aren't satisfied.
He can also explain the enormous amount of early buzz surrounding the TV adaptation: "[Fantasy fans] love their favorites with a great deal of passion. I think part of it is that there's relatively little of it out there," he says, noting to a roomful of reporters at the Television Critics Association's semi-annual press tour that television is dominated instead by legal series, doctor shows and sitcoms. "Fantasy has been largely restricted to books for a long time... and they're really hungry to see some good fantasy brought to television."
Of course, had Martin known his books would be among the material making the leap to the TV screen, perhaps he would have considered simplifying the plot lines. The irony is that he began penning them after a creatively stifling stint in the television business, and wanted nothing more than to let his imagination wonder. The result: his books, about "two powerful families who are engaged in a deadly cat-and-mouse game for control of the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros," are filled with hundreds of characters, epic battles and the kind of castle-heavy scenery that could make any network bean-counter sweat.
"But now David [Benioff] and Dan [Weiss] have to solve those problems that I created," he says, referring to the show's producers, before adding with a grin, "I'm glad it's them and not me."
Thus far, Martin seems to be quite pleased with what he's seen of their adaptation. The producers appear to share his confidence, or so it seemed when one reporter asked if the pair had already selected a hiding place in case the fans dislike the show. "I think we got it right," says Benioff, "so I'm not worried about it." (Worth noting: many of the critics who got an early preview Thursday evening did too.)
Among the perks of doing it at HBO, they say, was the ability to explore the sci-fi genre in the way other series on the network have done the cop and mob genres. Being at the premium cable network has meant "you could do it with the darkness that the story requires, because George's fantasy is not a for children fantasy," says Benioff. "It's sexy and it's violent and it's brutal, and none of the characters are safe." The latter leads to a comparison to The Sopranos and The Wire, where viewers would tune in from week to week not knowing whether a character was going to get whacked.
Though Martin lacks creative control over the TV version of a collection of books that have sold more than 7 million copies, he was asked to weigh in during the casting process and serves as a consultant on the episodes. In addition to his producer title, he also wrote one of the season's ten episodes (episode No. 8). But in a moment of honesty, the man that a fellow reporter said looked "more middle earth than Hollywood," admitted that a piece of him wished he could be more involved.
"There's part of me ...that would love to write several episodes per season and be there every day on the set with these guys," says Martin. "On the other hand, I still have the books to finish, and the books are 1,500 pages long and take me years, and I have a mob outside of my house with pitchforks and torches that are already very irritated about book five being late, and after that, I have books six and seven."
He adds, "so as much as part of me would like to be part of the process, I think I better stay where I am and finish the books because, of course, the real scary thing is if these guys catch up with me."
Here's a look at a preview of the show from HBO:
While New Jersey Governor Chris Christie rails against FEMA and the government response to Hurricane Sandy, his wife's charity has donated exactly ZERO dollars of $32 million raised for relief.
From the Asbury Park Press:
The Sandy relief fund chaired by New Jersey first lady Mary Pat Christie has raised more than $32 million so far. But four months after the superstorm, none of that aid has reached storm victims yet. In an interview, Mary Pat Christie pointed to the logistical challenge of starting a charity from scratch, the relief fund's focus on addressing long-term recovery needs, instead of short-term relief, and her own “methodical” approach to putting the proper resources and safeguards in place, as reasons for the delay.
The deliberate pace of Mary Pat Christie's 4-month-old charity contrasts with the Robin Hood Foundation's rapid turnaround of the $67 million raised by the 12-12-12 Concert for Sandy Relief. To date, Robin Hood has awarded more than $50 million in grants to dozens of nonprofit groups, with nearly 40 percent of the funds earmarked for relief efforts in New Jersey. The foundation expects to commit almost all of the remaining concert money by the end of the month.
And how does that compare to other fundraising efforts in the aftermath?Her video interview is below, the full story is available at The Asbury Park Press.
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio (Screenshot/12News)
Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio insisted he will run for a seventh term as Maricopa County sheriff, despite facing possible criminal charges after being held in contempt of court for flouting a judge's orders, 12News reports.
Arpaio has already racked up a $40 million bill to taxpayers in his five-year court battle after being sued for — and found guilty of — racial profiling. Last week, a federal judge found Arpaio to be in contempt for violating orders. This sets the stage for criminal proceedings.
Arpaio remained defiant when interviewed by 12News, insisting that his legal troubles were not his fault, but the fault of “the government” and the plaintiffs in the civil case.
“I'm not going to get into the reasons but maybe you ought to blame the people who caused this to occur, like the government,” Arpaio told 12News. When reporter Joe Dana pressed him to explain, Arpaio said, “Well, let's say who brought the lawsuits and why and so on. So I am not going to talk about it. It will be more clear as we progress in the judicial system right now.”
Dana wanted to know why, after costing the county millions of dollars for violating the law, Arpaio would put the people through another term as Maricopa County's top law enforcer.
“I report to the people,” Arpaio responded. “There's over 4 million that happen to like the sheriff for the last 24 years… I get more support now on the streets wherever I go.”
Arpaio was found in contempt for failing to collect and turn over evidence to the court and failing to stop enforcing immigration law, as ordered by U.S. District Judge Murray Snow.
His comments seem to fall in line with a Department of Justice report in April that found, “In the past eight months, MCSO has made little progress in crucial areas …. More troubling still is MCSO's lack of collaboration and transparency with the monitor and parties.” The document also states, “these are unacceptable timeframes — perhaps most unacceptable for the many communities that make up Maricopa County, for whom these delays amount to the denial of constitutional policing.”
Watch Arpaio's comments, as posted by 12News, here:
This blog was written on the 10th of September, because I don't turn on my computer on the 11th. Every year on that day, I avoid the internet, and I request that no one turns on the TV in our household.
Tomorrow is 15 years to the day, but I don't care if it's the 15th, 17th or 38th anniversary. I don't need to say what it's the anniversary of, or what happened that day. We all know what day it is, and what happened that day. As far as I'm concerned, nothing more needs to be said – in fact too much is being said this time of year.
It's my angry day. My angry time of the year. And almost everything I see and read this time of year just seems to make me angrier and angrier, so I try to block out all unnecessary noise, especially on the 11th. I don't “celebrate America” this time of year. I don't mourn the fallen. I don't think of the soldiers or my precious freedoms. And I don't need anyone telling me to do any of that. I just try to get through the day without succumbing to my rage.
I'm a New Yorker – from New York City. A lot of my fellow New Yorkers will feel the same way and this little online rant is my preemptive strike. It's aimed at everyone who won't shut up about that day, and especially anyone who has ever co-opted what still feels like a personal trauma, for their own fucking agenda:
Fuck you people of Facebook for posting pictures of the burning towers on your feed, telling me to “Never Forget.” I wish I could forget. Maybe you can post autopsy photos too? So we don't forget! Inconsiderate vultures.
for posting pictures of the burning towers on your feed, telling me to “Never Forget.” I wish I could forget. Maybe you can post autopsy photos too? So we don't forget! Inconsiderate vultures. Fuck you Florida Walmart for putting up a huge Twin Towers Coca-Cola sales display. Fuck you Walmart for being Walmart and selling guns to rednecks, and monetising a national fucking tragedy. Fuck you Florida for being the place every stupid fucking thing in the country happens in. Fuck you to anyone making money off this.
for putting up a huge Twin Towers Coca-Cola sales display. Fuck you Walmart for being Walmart and selling guns to rednecks, and monetising a national fucking tragedy. Fuck you Florida for being the place every stupid fucking thing in the country happens in. Fuck you to anyone making money off this. Fuck you to every British person who's ever asked me “How was September 11th for you?” with an inquisitive smile on their face, as if you're asking me about a surprise birthday party, or that you just discovered we watched the same TV programme together many years ago. You insensitive, ignorant fuckers.
“How was September 11th for you?” with an inquisitive smile on their face, as if you're asking me about a surprise birthday party, or that you just discovered we watched the same TV programme together many years ago. You insensitive, ignorant fuckers. Fuck you to every Guardian journalist writing an opinion or perspective piece today. Hell – fuck every journalist writing about September 11th to try to “put it into perspective.” Here's my perspective: you're motherfuckers who should be able to contain your contempt for America for just this one day.
writing an opinion or perspective piece today. Hell – fuck every journalist writing about September 11th to try to “put it into perspective.” Here's my perspective: you're motherfuckers who should be able to contain your contempt for America for just this one day. Fuck you if you've ever used the phrase “chickens coming home to roost.” Fuck your chickens too.
Fuck your chickens too. Fuck you to Rudy Giuliani , who pops up this time of year talking about how he saved New York City, when history shows his bad decisions contributed to the loss of life that day.
, who pops up this time of year talking about how he saved New York City, when history shows his bad decisions contributed to the loss of life that day. Fuck me for having voted for that idiot Giuliani. I apologise for being such a dumb fucker.
I apologise for being such a dumb fucker. Fuck Fox News , I have no idea what kind of jingoistic memorial bullshit they air each year on this date, as I'd never watch that shit, but I guarantee it's an offensive fuck-fest.
, I have no idea what kind of jingoistic memorial bullshit they air each year on this date, as I'd never watch that shit, but I guarantee it's an offensive fuck-fest. Fuck you if you think Iraq had anything to do with September 11th. You complete igno-fucking-ramus.
You complete igno-fucking-ramus. Fuck you to every pro-torture Republican. You don't get to be both pro-fucking torture and anti-fucking terrorism.
You don't get to be both pro-fucking torture and anti-fucking terrorism. Fuck you to the Department of Homeland Security for your huge airport bureaucracy theatre that literally never stopped or caught a single fucking terrorist.
for your huge airport bureaucracy theatre that literally never stopped or caught a single fucking terrorist. Fuck you to every police officer who ever interrogated a tourist taking pictures with a lecture about “we can't be too careful with all this terrorism.” Yes, you can be too careful. Terrorists don't need to take iPhone pictures to attack things, you dimwitted fuckwad.
taking pictures with a lecture about “we can't be too careful with all this terrorism.” Yes, you can be too careful. Terrorists don't need to take iPhone pictures to attack things, you dimwitted fuckwad. Fuck you if you live in Montana or somewhere shitty like that and you're worried about terrorism. Terrorists don't ever want to bomb your shitty, shitty town and I don't ever want to live somewhere so shitty and boring that terrorists wouldn't ever consider bombing it. I'd rather be a fucking target.
Terrorists don't ever want to bomb your shitty, shitty town and I don't ever want to live somewhere so shitty and boring that terrorists wouldn't ever consider bombing it. I'd rather be a fucking target. Fuck you to all the conspiracy theorists. No- jewish people did not get advance warning. Fuck you, you anti-semitic fucker. No, it wasn't a false flag, controlled demolition, you “look at me, I'm not a sheep like you” attention-seeking piece of human excrement.
No- jewish people did not get advance warning. Fuck you, you anti-semitic fucker. No, it wasn't a false flag, controlled demolition, you “look at me, I'm not a sheep like you” attention-seeking piece of human excrement. Fuck you if you're on social media complaining about “western media” today and how it isn't concerned enough about deaths in other parts of the world. Do you go to family funerals and accost mourners how they should also shed tears for flood victims in Southeast Asia? Smug fucker.
today and how it isn't concerned enough about deaths in other parts of the world. Do you go to family funerals and accost mourners how they should also shed tears for flood victims in Southeast Asia? Smug fucker. The biggest fuck you of all to anyone reading this and thinking to yourself: ‘He seems angry at everyone except the muslims who did this.” You don't understand at all, and you never will. In fact, you have a lot more in common with the fuckers who committed this atrocity, than with victims. Fuck you.
The only person who doesn't get a big fuck you today are one particular priest, a soft-spoken man, who 15 years ago, gave a homily in a small church in downtown Manhattan that was packed with angry people like me. People traumatised and confused and wanting comfort, but also revenge. Many of us went into that church hoping for a little fire and brimstone. Our anger was justified and our pain and fear felt like an open wound. Instead of an invitation to holy war though, we received an agenda-free homily that was all about control, and our lack of it. How we couldn't change or control the evil things that other people do…. How there would always be fuckers out there, and that giving in to our anger, arguing with these fuckers, telling them fuck off, fighting them, or fucking killing them – how it might feel satisfying in these moments, but that it was all a losing proposition.
He said that all a person can do, in the wake of such evil, and such tragedy, is to make sure that you yourself weren't being a fucker too. How being angry, and telling people to fuck off just escalated all the general fuckery around you and increased the chances of turning other people into fuckers too. And pretty soon, everyone would be a fucking fucker.
Well, maybe that's not how he worded it exactly, but that's how I heard it.
To this day, I'm still trying to take what he said on board. At this time of year especially – I feel like maybe I haven't done so well with it. But I thank you Father Michael, for trying to impart this lesson to me, just when I needed to hear it most.
Everyone else, you can fuck off. At least until the 12th.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
More
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Comments
comments
Here's a fun tidbit that I missed from the June jobs report. Most months, the number of people transferring out of the workforce on disability claims are easily dwarfed by the people who find jobs. In June? Hope and change, baby:
More workers joined the federal government's disability program in June than got new jobs, according to two new government reports, a clear indicator of how bleak the nation's jobs picture is after three full years of economic recovery. The economy created just 80,000 jobs in June, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported Friday. But that same month, 85,000 workers left the workforce entirely to enroll in the Social Security Disability Insurance program, according to the Social Security Administration. As Investors Business Daily further notes, that isn't the exception in the Obama recovery, but the rule: The disability ranks have outpaced job growth throughout President Obama's economic recovery. While the economy has created 2.6 million jobs since June 2009, fully 3.1 million workers signed up for disability benefits.
I discussed this with economist John Lott, co-author of the book Debacle: Obama's War on Jobs and Growth, and What We Can Do Now to Regain Our Future, along with Grover Norquist. Lott explains that as people run out of jobless benefits after the two-year cycle, they look to transfer to a more permanent subsidy. These people have given up hope of finding any kind of work in the future, and probably for good reason; two years without a job makes skill sets erode, and creates anxiety among employers who are definitely in a buyer's market in terms of labor needs. John explains further why this report is most certainly not a “step in the right direction,” and explains why American unemployment is now actually worse than in Europe:
John Lott on the new jobs numbers by cptned
Today Donald Trump met with a Democratic member of Congress, and no, hell has not frozen over.
Hawaii's Tulsi Gabbard is a combat veteran who backed Bernie Sanders during the primaries and publicly expressed deep skepticism about Hillary Clinton (not to mention the fact that she was a DNC vice-chair until she went rogue and endorsed Sanders). A Daily Beast piece on her back in July bore the headline “Tulsi Gabbard: The Bernie-Endorsing Congresswoman Who Trump Fans Can Love.”
So whether it's because of certain policy views or that she thinks the Obama administration's inability to say “radical Islam” is a problem, Gabbard met with Trump as he continues planning its transition.
After the meeting, Gabbard released a statement on her meeting with Trump, saying, “I believe we can disagree, even strongly, but still come together on issues that matter to the American people and affect their daily lives. We cannot allow continued divisiveness to destroy our country.”
You can read her full statement below:
“President-elect Trump asked me to meet with him about our current policies regarding Syria, our fight against terrorist groups like al-Qaeda and ISIS, as well as other foreign policy challenges we face. I felt it important to take the opportunity to meet with the President-elect now before the drumbeats of war that neocons have been beating drag us into an escalation of the war to overthrow the Syrian government—a war which has already cost hundreds of thousands of lives and forced millions of refugees to flee their homes in search of safety for themselves and their families. “While the rules of political expediency would say I should have refused to meet with President-elect Trump, I never have and never will play politics with American and Syrian lives. “Serving the people of Hawaiʻi and our nation is an honor and responsibility that I do not take lightly. Representing the aloha spirit and diversity of the people of Hawaiʻi, I will continue to seek common ground to deliver results that best serve all Americans, as I have tried to do during my time in Congress. “Where I disagree with President-elect Trump on issues, I will not hesitate to express that disagreement. However, I believe we can disagree, even strongly, but still come together on issues that matter to the American people and affect their daily lives. We cannot allow continued divisiveness to destroy our country. “President-elect Trump and I had a frank and positive conversation in which we discussed a variety of foreign policy issues in depth. I shared with him my grave concerns that escalating the war in Syria by implementing a so-called no fly/safe zone would be disastrous for the Syrian people, our country, and the world. It would lead to more death and suffering, exacerbate the refugee crisis, strengthen ISIS and al-Qaeda, and bring us into a direct conflict with Russia which could result in a nuclear war. We discussed my bill to end our country's illegal war to overthrow the Syrian government, and the need to focus our precious resources on rebuilding our own country, and on defeating al-Qaeda, ISIS, and other terrorist groups who pose a threat to the American people. “For years, the issue of ending interventionist, regime change warfare has been one of my top priorities. This was the major reason I ran for Congress—I saw firsthand the cost of war, and the lives lost due to the interventionist warmongering policies our country has pursued for far too long. “Let me be clear, I will never allow partisanship to undermine our national security when the lives of countless people lay in the balance.”
[image via U.S. Congress]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
I recently completed a book that includes photos of Medieval and Renaissance artworks. Although the paintings are out of copyright and in the public domain, I was dismayed to discover that the museums that own these paintings charge hefty licensing fees to use their photos of these works. Then, lo and behold, I stumbled upon an article about a court decision that so-called "slavish" photos of public domain paintings, which are faithful reproductions of the originals, cannot be copyrighted and are therefore in the public domain as well.
According to a landmark 1999 federal district court ruling, The Bridgeman Art Library, Ltd., Plaintiff v. Corel Corporation, "exact reproductions of public domain artworks are not protected by copyright."
Despite this court decision, museums, other institutions, and even individual photographers still claim or imply that their "slavish" mere reproductions of photographic images of public domain artworks are copyrighted and that therefore they can demand fees for licensing and use.
The situation is confusing, especially for the growing numbers of self-published authors many of whom charge low prices for their e-books and soft cover books. To pay licensing fees -- many of which are sometimes exorbitant -- can be prohibitive, and may even result in authors deciding not to use images.
To gain further clarity on the use of photos of public domain artworks I interviewed Professor Christopher Sprigman, who teaches intellectual property law, antitrust law, competition policy, and comparative constitutional law at the University of Virginia Law School. He is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania (1988) and the University of Chicago Law School (1993). His scholarship focuses on how legal rules affect innovation and the deployment of new technologies.
Starr: In a 2010 article in the New York Times you said, "If the painting is in the public domain, you can take a picture of it, you can reproduce it,..." How does that apply to photos of public domain artworks that appear online, on institutional websites, and in catalogues -- in the light of the Bridgeman-Corel court decision? The decision seems to state definitively that photos of public domain artworks that are purely copies of the artworks can't be copyrighted. Is this an accurate reading?
Sprigman: Yes. But keep in mind that there are a couple of limitations. The photos have to be flat, artless reproductions. The photos in Bridgeman vs. Corel were intended to illustrate the artwork and nothing more. Also, I'm talking about U.S. law. The laws in other countries may differ. And in my comments here, I'm giving some guidance about general U.S. legal principles, and not legal advice for any particular instance of use.
Starr: Before we continue, it would be useful to define "public domain."
Sprigman: For your purposes it's paintings or other artworks that have never been copyrighted or those for which the copyright has expired. The Mona Lisa is in the public domain because there never was a copyright on it in the first place. For a painting done in 1910, which was probably copyrighted at the time, the copyright has expired. In the U.S a copyright is good for seventy years after the death of the artist.
Starr: You say that the photos in the Bridgeman case were used solely to illustrate the artwork. That would seem to be the same for most reproductions that appear online or on museum websites and online catalogues; they are for the purpose of showing what paintings are in the collection. In fact, some of the images are not even that great.
Sprigman: I haven't seen these other photos. But the holding in Bridgeman applies to them if they are similar to such representations that we commonly refer to as "slavish" reproductions -- that is, if their purpose is simply to identify and display the paintings. Bridgeman was a federal district court decision and technically it would apply to that district. But the principles are valid, and I would expect it to be the governing law even outside the district where the case was decided. But you can't guarantee that.
Starr: Other commentators agree with you. In fact, there were several comments from attorneys after the Bridgeman-Corel ruling, including one from a former attorney for the Museum of Modern Art in NYC, who said that the Bridgeman decision was in line with U.S. copyright law.
Sprigman: Yes, of course. But the museums will try to get you to agree not to use photos that you take of public domain paintings; it's possible that they could condition entry to the museum on your agreement that on entry you accept an entry "wrap contract" in which you agree essentially not to take photos or to use them only for personal use but not for other purposes that they can specify.
Starr: But many museums allow patrons to take photos of artworks. I've asked museum guards if I can take non-flash photos and they have said yes. If someone takes photos of public domain works, and there is no wrap agreement, can they use them in an article or a book in discussing or citing those paintings?
Sprigman: In that case you would own the photo and then you're fine.
Starr: I raise this question because I've noticed that photographers are selling licenses for photographs they've taken of public domain artworks -- and sometimes even for works that are still in copyright.
Sprigman: Some of these photographers might claim that their photos of public domain paintings go beyond slavish reproductions but that could be difficult to sustain. Or these photographers may not know the law. Others may just be plain brash. In my discussions with photographers I have found that they don't know about Bridgeman vs. Corel and they believe, " Well, I have taken a photograph and I'm going to claim copyright of it and demand that people license it." They just don't know
Starr: Since the Bridgeman decision the art industry has apparently avoided mounting lawsuits against those who use photos of public domain paintings without paying fees for them or obtaining a license based on someone's claim or implication of copyright ownership. Commentators have said that the Bridgeman decision was so decisive that the art industry doesn't want to risk further attention to the issue or the possibility of broader sanctions and restrictions.
Sprigman: Not surprising, since the Bridgeman decision is correct. The U.S. copyright law says that to be copyrighted a work must be original. If you just take a photo of a public domain painting that has no additional element to it, it's not original; it's just a reproduction and you don't get a copyright in a public domain work simply by reproducing it. In fact, if Congress tried to grant copyright to a flat "slavish" reproduction it would be a violation of the Constitution. The Constitution says that copyright can only be given to authors not to people who merely make a reproduction.
Starr: Has Congress tried to pass legislation like that?
Sprigman: There have been discussions but nothing has come to a vote. But there was a Supreme Court decision a while back in a case, Feist, that involved the question of whether you could have copyright of the White Pages of the telephone directory. The court ruled that you can't because there is nothing original about the directory -- it's just an alphabetical list of names. It's not an original work of authorship. There have been attempts to get copyright protection for data bases of facts that are not original works of authorship, and those attempts have been defeated.
Starr: What does the public domain designation allow you to do with a photographic reproduction of a painting?
Sprigman: If you take a photo of a public domain painting then you own the photo and can do whatever you wish with it -- use it in an article, book, display it, etc.
Starr: Museums and other institutions that offer licenses for photos of public domain artworks sometimes provide higher resolution images than what is available in their catalogues or online.
Sprigman: Still, if it's a slavish or just a sharper reproduction of the image it would not qualify as original and would be in the public domain. But if someone is willing to pay for that it's their choice, or they just don't know the law pertaining to slavish reproductions.
Starr: It's not only museums that are selling licenses for images of public domain artworks. If you Google almost any public domain painting you will find many sites and individuals implying or claiming a copyright on their reproduction photos and asking for licensing fees, or saying that you can't use the photos without their permission. That would seem analogous to people claiming they have the deed to the Brooklyn Bridge and then setting up toll booths -- with the public willingly paying the tolls, or choosing the booth with the lowest toll. At best this is an extremely confusing situation for authors and publishers.
Sprigman: This is a great example of something that I've often noticed. Congress makes a copyright law, but the law on the street is often quite different from the law on the books. People make claims that they own things that they don't own because in some instances copyright doesn't have completely clear rules about who owns what. In an environment where there is not a lot of clarity there are a lot of weird claims. You should read Jason Mazzone's book, Copy Fraud and Other Abuses of Intellectual Property Law. He gives examples like people claiming copyright in the U.S. Constitution. The Constitution is in the public domain. People claim copyright ownership of Shakespeare's sonnets. It's just insane. The lack of explicit clarity encourages this kind of behavior -- it makes this kind of behavior profitable and to some extent that's what some institutions are doing with public domain images
.
Starr: When I've asked permissions people and editors if it's necessary to get a license for a photo of a public domain artwork they say it's a gray area and if you don't want to get sued you'd better pay for a license.
Sprigman: It's not a gray area. If they make an unadorned photo of the public domain image, that photo can't be copyrighted -- period! What I understand is that institutions want to preserve every possible source of revenue. Government funding is going down -- they're under pressure.
Starr: What about the use of hyperlinks to a photo or image of public domain works, and for images that are still under copyright.
Sprigman: That's less and less of a gray area. Recently, courts in the U.S. have said that you can't be held liable for copyright infringement just by providing hyperlinks to public domain or other material. But it may be different in other countries.
Starr: Can museums or other institutions and photographers sue if you use their "slavish" images of public domain artwork?
Sprigman: You can always sue. That's America.
Starr: But that forces the author to defend the suit, which could be costly, even if it's defeated, as in Bridgeman v. Corel.
Sprigman: The threat of a lawsuit may be the ultimate intimidation. The only thing I would say though to help people not to be so intimidated is that the copyright law provides for fee shifting, so that if you get sued for using a public domain image and you successfully defend the lawsuit there's a good chance that the plaintiff will wind up paying your attorney fees.
Starr: As we've noted, institutions are apparently avoiding initiating these suits.
Sprigman: That's true. The last thing they want is litigation because they are likely to lose. Can I guarantee that? No, because federal courts are notoriously inexpert in and uninterested in copyright. But if the case comes out in any way that it should under the law they will lose.
Starr: So what would you advise those who are hesitant to use photos of works that are in the public domain?
Sprigman: They should know that under the law if the image is "slavish," a mere reproduction, a plain unadorned exact image, they can use it and do not have to pay anyone a licensing fee.
Matthew Mirabelli, AFP | Emergency workers at the site of the wreckage of a small plane, which crashed from Malta International Airport, on October 24, 2016.
A French-chartered plane monitoring trafficking activity in the Mediterranean crashed in a ball of flames at Malta's international airport on Monday, killing all five people on board, officials said.
ADVERTISING Read more
The plane, which had been chartered by French customs, plummeted into the ground shortly after take-off, the Maltese government said in a statement.
It added that all the victims were French nationals and that there was no indication of an explosion on board prior to the crash.
The French defence ministry confirmed the deaths, describing the plane as having been involved in "reconnaissance missions in the Mediterranean".
The Maltese government said the aircraft was a Fairchild Metroliner Mark III registered in the United States and leased to a Luxembourg company.
It took off around 7.20 am (0520 GMT). Shortly afterwards it was seen plunging nose-first towards the ground and exploding into a ball of flames.
Watch: Dramatic moment plane came crashing down https://t.co/qn305CUKVc pic.twitter.com/uzZkkAYAzZ — Times of Malta (@TheTimesofMalta) October 24, 2016
"Official information, footage and eyewitnesses, including three members of the Armed Forces of Malta at the nearby barracks, and two commercial airline pilots, clearly indicate that there was no explosion prior to impact," a government statement said, adding that an investigation was under way.
Remains of all five victims had been recovered.
"The flight was part of a French customs surveillance operation which has been taking place for the past five months, with the aim of tracing routes of illicit trafficking of all sorts, including human and drug trafficking amongst others," the government said.
"The flight was registered with the Malta Air Traffic Services as a local flight and was to return to Malta within hours without landing in third countries."
(AFP)
As his body arrived back in New Zealand thousands of mourners converged on Porirua at the grounds of Jerry Collins' beloved former club, Norths, to pay tribute to the rugby great.
The memorial on Sunday at the local rugby club comes after a march through the city, which started at Waitangirua Mall and passed Collins' former primary school, Corinna School, where pupils performed a haka to the passing parade.
Porirua City Councillor Litea Ah Hoi welcomed mourners at the gates of Porirua Park and was among those who led tributes to Collins.
"Today we stand united in our grief and in our pain. Today we mourn a legend and a son of Porirua that has given us so much," Ah Hoi said.
1 of 4 Maarten Holl Sio Posiano, left, and Tasi Siaunuua. 2 of 4 Maarten Holl The Porirua Walk for Jerry: Thousands turn out for Porirua memorial walk. 3 of 4 Maarten Holl Bryan Liu Kuey (in the white top) leads to celebrations during the march. 4 of 4 MAARTEN HOLL/FAIRFAX NZ Porirua has become a sea of blue as people turn out in Norths rugby club colours for the memorial walk for Jerry Collins.
"The embroidery that he left on the fabric of this city will never be forgotten. This is a tribute to who he was and who he will always be.
"We love you Jerry and we always will," she said.
Tali Lilo, Collins' first Norths coach and former captain of the team, has called for the number 6 jersey to be retired - perhaps forever - from premier rugby as a way to honour Collins.
MAARTEN HOLL/FAIRFAX NZ Porirua has become a sea of blue as people turn out in Norths rugby club colours for the memorial walk for Jerry Collins.
"For the younger generations coming in to the game we can tell them the story [of Jerry], and there will be kids not yet born in Porirua who will be inspired by Jerry's story."
Tainafi Patu, who played with Collins for Norths and for Manu Samoa, lead a Samoan haka then a New Zealand haka.
"He's our favourite son. He was a mentor for the young ones," Patu said.
The memorial was a chance for the community to jointly grieve the former All Black's tragic death in the city of his beloved Norths rugby club, organisers said.
Collins' friend and fellow Wellington Lions player Ali Koko decided to organise the walk for Collins after speaking with their friend Anthony Hill, who is also president of the French rugby club Narbonne, which Collins played for. The Narbonne club held a silent march on Sunday in memory of Collins and his partner, Alana Madill.
Koko said the walk was also a way of getting grieving people out from behind closed doors.
"He had a big heart, was always giving and was tough, tough, tough. He was just a young man with an old soul. We wanted to get people together to remember him the way he was - vibrant and out there. One city, one town - Porirua."
The couple were killed when their car was struck by a bus on a motorway in southern France on Friday as Madill drove home from a rugby gala for fellow Samoan player Henry Tuilagi. Their 10-week-old baby, Ayla, remained in a Montpellier hospital but was starting to show signs of recovery.
Before Collins departed France, Madill's body was moved into the same room as his in Montpeiller.
Collins' cousin and former All Blacks captain Tana Umaga, who had been in Italy, was one of a small group of close friends escorting Collins home, along with fellow France-based former All Black Chris Masoe and his wife Gemma, and Stevenson Malotu'upule.
On Wednesday, a public funeral will be held at the Te Rauparaha Arena in Porirua, starting at 10am.
Norths are also planning a private funeral for him at Porirua Park Number 1 for Collins' family and his wider rugby family.
It's no secret that many of the world's largest industrialized nations are somewhat eager to ease their reliance on the U.S. dollar. For months China and Russia have pushed ever subtly, for a new “global reserve currency,” to give governments around the world enhanced economic stability in the event of greater fluctuations in the dollar's value.
But what wasn't known, until recently, is how far along the International Monetary Fund was in the planning of elevating its so-called “special drawing rights” from mere international agreement to an actual, legitimate global currency.
The report examines what it calls the “imperfections” of the global reserve banking structures, and how hoarding of reserves by sovereign nations can subject the system to risk and occasional shocks.
In 35 pages of extrapolation and footnotes, the IMF's Strategy, Policy and Review Department lays out the how and why of a global currency, which would move from an “inside money” as the SDR to an “outside money” that is traded by governments.
However, they conclude that “the ideas discussed are unlikely to materialize in the foreseeable future absent a dramatic shift in appetite for international cooperation.”
The PDF document appeared to have been taken offline at time of this writing, but a cached version was still available. The document is from April, but was only recently noticed by Financial Times.
“[In] the eyes of the IMF at least, the best way to ensure the stability of the international monetary system (post crisis) is actually by launching a global currency,” they note.
“And that, the IMF says, is largely because sovereigns Ã¢â‚¬â€ as they stand Ã¢â‚¬â€ cannot be trusted to redistribute surplus reserves, or battle their deficits, themselves.”
The IMF goes on to explain:
Reserve accumulation has accelerated dramatically in the past decade, particularly since the 2003-4. At the end of 2009, reserves had risen to 13 percent of global GDP, doubling from their 2000 level, and over 50 percent of total imports of goods and services. Emerging market holdings rose to 32 percent of their GDP (26 percent excluding China). Twenty-seven of the top 40 reserve holders, accounting for over 90 percent of total reserve holdings, recorded doubledigit average growth in reserves over 1999-2008. Holdings have also become increasingly concentrated, with over half the total held by only five countries. These numbers exclude substantial foreign assets of the official sector not recorded as reserves, including in sovereign wealth funds (SWFs), and yet invested in liquid, dollar denominated financial instruments, that have grown even more in recent years.
The global currency IMF envisions, they simply call “bancor”. They continue:
though an SDR-based system would move away from a dominant national currency, the SDRÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s value remains heavily linked to the conditions and performance of the major component countries. A more ambitious reform option would be to build on the previous ideas and develop, over time, a global currency. Called, for example, bancor in honor of Keynes, such a currency could be used as a medium of exchangeÃ¢â‚¬â€an Ã¢â‚¬Å“outside moneyÃ¢â‚¬Â in contrast to the SDR which remains an Ã¢â‚¬Å“inside moneyÃ¢â‚¬Â.
Were the industrial nations of the world to agree to the IMF's prescription for the global financial system, the fund would undertake a new realm of responsibilities. It describes them as:
Encouraging reserve holders to adjust the currency composition of reserves onlygradually and discourage any Ã¢â‚¬Å“activeÃ¢â‚¬Â currency management that could potentially causelarge swings between reserve currencies. Requiring all reserve holding members to report their reserve composition to the Fund (possibly confidentially) including information on reserve holderÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s benchmark for the currency composition of reserves. Using this information, the Fund could advise reserve holders on the pace of reserve diversification (if and when the latter express interest inadjusting the currency composition of their reserves) to maintain stability in theadjustment process, including during the transition phase to a balanced reserve system. For instance Truman and Wong (2006) propose an international reserve diversificationstandard comprising two basic elements: (i) routine disclosure of the currency composition of official foreign exchange holdings; and (ii) a commitment by reserveholders to adjust gradually the actual currency composition of its reserves to any newbenchmark for those holdings. Engaging with potential major reserve issuers to help remove obstacles to broader use oftheir currencies, if the authorities so desire. Considering mechanisms to facilitate the use of emerging market assets to draw liquiditywith greater certainty to attenuate their demand for hard-currency reserves.
The report was issued months before a recent United Nations Economic and Social Council called on nations to move away from the dollar as their reserve currency. The U.N. based its advice on the adverse effects felt by developing nations that were hit especially hard during the 2008-2009 U.S. economic instability.
President Obama, Treasury Secretary Geithner and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke have steadfastly maintained that the world does not need a new reserve currency.
To the contrary, Russia has predicted the world is a mere decade away from that inevitability.
Ã¢â‚¬Å“There is a need to make the IMF a true representative of the worldÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s leading economies. ItÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s not there right now,Ã¢â‚¬Â said Russian Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin during a June 2009 economic forum, noting that China had a lower representation quota than Switzerland or Belgium.
A bridge for cyclists to be constructed under the capital's Pont Adolphe is to set the government back 6.5 million euros.
Infrastructure Minister François Bausch said however, that the project will be less expensive than initially anticipated on Thursday during a tour of the restoration works on the old bridge.
The project was first announced last Friday by Luxembourg Prime Minister Xavier Bettel.
On Thursday, deputies unanimously welcomed the project, however, they asked for two weeks to consider the plans in detail, Minister Bausch said.
The minister revealed an artists' impression of the bridge, designed by architects Christian Bauer in cooperation with Luxembourg's Highways Agency and the Sites and Monuments Commission.
Luxembourg City Mayor Lydie Polfer said it marked the first time a solution for green transport had been found which respected the bridge's architecture.
The idea for a suspended bridge arose after it became clear there was insufficient space for a cycle lane on the bridge, alongside two tram tracks, two pavements and two lanes for traffic.
The cyclist bridge will be constructed using a four-metre width steel platform, suspended under the existing bridge.
There will be one entrance for cyclists at each end of the bridge and there are no plans for staircase access from Place de Metz.
Translated from an article by Maurice Fick
Do not miss the news - sign up to receive thewort.lu newsletter in English delivered to your inbox six days a week.
Good news laid-off oil workers: U.S. energy companies could soon face a serious worker shortage.
Goldman Sachs believes the American oil industry is about to stage a big comeback from the painful downturn and big job losses caused by oversupply.
As more oil fields come online and America's oil boom gets back on track, there simply won't be enough people to do the required drilling, well completion and other logistical work. Cheap oil wiped out nearly 170,000 oil and gas jobs since late 2014 as desperate companies scrambled to cut costs and avoid bankruptcy.
That means just to keep up with the expected ramp-up in drilling activity, the oil and gas industry would need to add 80,000 to 100,000 jobs between now and the end of 2018, Goldman predicted in a recent report.
The estimate is based on Goldman's forecast for U.S. oil production to resume growing next year after the recent drop to two-year lows. That growth would require some 700 oil rigs to be added -- and each one supports an average of 120 to 150 employees.
Related: U.S. oil boom isn't dead. It's plotting a comeback
Jeff Bush, president of oil and gas recruiting firm CSI Recruiting, agrees that a "worker shortage" is coming.
"When we get back to a reasonable level of activity, there's going to be a supply crisis of experienced personnel. I just don't see any way around that," said Bush.
That would be incredible news for people like John Ratcliffe. The 55-year-old has struggled to find work since he was laid off by Transocean (RIG) in March after eight years as chief mate aboard vessels operated by the offshore drilling contractor.
"It has been rough," Ratcliffe told CNNMoney. He said he knows of at least one former coworker who has committed suicide since the downturn began.
The struggle has forced Ratcliffe to recently leave his residence in New Hampshire for a temporary job with Rowan (RDC), another offshore drilling company, in Curacao, a Dutch island in the Caribbean.
Related: American workers finally getting a raise
Ratcliffe is not alone. The list of America's biggest job-killing companies this year is dominated by energy companies, large and small, including National Oilwell Varco (NOV), Schlumberger (SLB), Halliburton (HAL) and Chevron (CVX).
All told, Goldman estimates that 170,000 oil and gas jobs have disappeared during the downturn. That's far worse than the 87,000 jobs wiped out during the last downturn in the middle of the Great Recession.
"It's been brutal. You've seen a lot of good people get handed their walking papers, with really no option as far as other employment opportunities," said Bush.
Some former oil workers have found jobs in the construction industry, though these jobs often come with lower salaries. The average pay in the oil and gas business is 63% higher than construction -- and 84% higher than the national average, Goldman said.
Bush said people who have a "niche skillset" in jobs such as petroleum engineering and geology have had difficulty finding work because their talents aren't easily transferable to other industries.
Related: Dramatic rebound: U.S. adds 287,000 jobs in June
The shale oil and gas revolution created an influx of jobs, with 233,000 created between mid-2009 and late 2014, Goldman estimates.
"The industry was poaching people from every industry imaginable to get them to move to North Dakota or Alaska to work on rigs or drive trucks," said Bush.
That task was made easier by the large pool of Americans looking for work following the Great Recession.
Even though the labor markets look pretty healthy these days, Goldman thinks oil companies will be able to hire enough talent, in part because of their willingness to pay better salaries.
"Oil and gas companies, as they have traditionally done, will throw money at the problem," said Bush.
Washington seems certain that exerting sanctions on countries is the safest way to achieve their foreign policy goals. In reality economic and political sanctions do little to control the governments they target, hitting ordinary citizens hard instead.
“The aim of sanctions is to harm the state. But the real victims are ordinary, regular people. Experience has shown that there's a huge wedge between what ordinary people experience under sanctions, and what the elite do,” RT's Middle East correspondent Paula Slier reported.
One country against which the US has introduced a wide range of sanctions is Iran. While there's no concrete proof that Tehran has been busy developing nuclear weapons (it insists its atomic program is for peaceful purposes only), due to international sanctions, the country is struggling to source necessary medicine to treat cancer patients.
Meanwhile, cancer is the third cause of premature death in Iran, with 30,000 people a year now dying from the disease, according to www.ncr-iran.org. Furthermore, a number of these people can ill afford increasingly expensive treatment.
Widespread pollution, excessive use of chemical fertilizers containing cadmium and nitrate, as well as the high psychological pressure of life, have been blamed for the soaring cancer statistics.
“It is my second chemotherapy program. Previously, each session cost approximately 300 dollars. These days it costs about 700 dollars,” pensioner Mahammad Rhidai, who is a cancer patient, told RT. “It is also a challenge to get the medication, because you have to go to almost every drugstore asking for them and also because the prices are way too high.”
Doctors are also sounding the alarm: the trade embargo has caused shortages of food and medical supplies. The director of a cancer center in Iran says he has faced lots of problems getting modern equipment to treat cancer patients.
“There are numerous obstacles for importing the equipment due to the sanctions in place against Iran. We have some equipment but it requires spare parts that we can't get anywhere. A failure of any single piece or part of this equipment causes us to stop operating the entire machine,” Dr. Kaziminyan said.
Iran is looking to reach out to the world's powers to revive nuclear talks, in a bid to resolve the global standoff that has dragged on for years.
Ahead of his upcoming address to the UN General Assembly, the country's new leader Hassan Rouhani pledged not to develop nuclear weapons, demanding the West make concessions and ease the painful sanctions.
“I urge my counterparts to seize the opportunity presented by Iran's recent election. I urge them to make the most of the mandate for prudent engagement that my people have given me and to respond genuinely to my government's efforts to engage in constructive dialogue. Most of all, I urge them to look beyond the pines and be brave enough to tell me what they see — if not for their national interests, then for the sake of their legacies, and our children and future generations,” he wrote in an opinion essay published in The Washington Post on September 20.
In August, the president of Iran's Academy of Medical Sciences slammed Washington for exacting “sadistic” revenge on Iranian children through their “inhuman sanctions” against the nation.
“The applied sanctions have caused and will continue to cause acute shortages of necessary food and medicine,” Dr. Alireza Marandi wrote in a letter to UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon.
“The sanctions are also making these essential items increasingly more expensive. As a result, these indispensable supplies have become inaccessible to the most vulnerable of society, including children, mothers, and the elderly, as well as disease-specific and cancer patients. This has literally stopped many patients from being able to prepare or collect essential medications required for their treatment; we are, therefore, witnessing more and more cases of gradual malnutrition and death of children and of patients with specific diseases,” he explained.
Dr. Marandi noted that for over three decades, Iran implemented successful healthcare plans and programs, backed by the World Health Organization, which had “significantly improved the overall health of the entire nation”.
“These achievements are now seriously threatened by the escalation of barbaric sanctions in the past few weeks, particularly by the US government,” he added.
Meanwhile, an expert in global financial markets, Patrick Young argues that in the modern world we live in, any sanctions, even the strictest ones, eventually prove useless.
“The issue with sanctions is that ultimately in an inter-connected world where we have so much globalization, it's almost impossible for any country even for the hyper-power of the United States of America to be able to successfully stop trade and transaction to successfully happen with different countries. Therefore the end result ultimately has only been to impoverish ordinary citizens rather than really hitting the elite, or ultimately actually endangering the hold-on power of the same elite,” Young told RT.
He notes that the situation with sanctions being applied to any country by the US is that the country in question seems to have lost in the court of American public opinion.
“Therefore we see endlessly sanctions being applied to those nations that are seen as being pariahs, whether that's being manipulated by political figures or not, and ultimately it causes a problem for the American media who have been overall regarding the idea that this country is in some way a threat to either children or its citizens, or overall is precluding freedom and democracy in that nation,” Mr Young added.
For instance, North Korea's nuclear aspirations make the US feel uneasy, so the country has been slapped with trade and military restrictions. Although international relief organizations decried the sanctions as inhumane, restrictions still stay in place. Pyongyang has showed no sign of abandoning its nuclear program.
According to the British Medical Journal, as many as a million people died from malnutrition-related causes in North Korea in the 1990s, and the situation hasn't improved much since then. The reclusive nation's economy is struggling to survive, and its agriculture has suffered major blows from natural disasters.
Syria, too, has fallen foul of the United States. Trade and economic restrictions on this middle-eastern country are adding to the burden on an economy, already ravaged by a civil war that has lasted for over two years. More than 100,000 people have been killed in the conflict, according to UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon.
“Every day people there have to face not just the danger of being killed by a stray bullet, but also the fear that they won't be able to put bread on the table: access to staple foods has been curtailed by the trade restrictions, prices have sky-rocketed, and life has turned into a struggle for survival,” RT's Irina Galushko added.
Cuba is another country against which Washington has implemented its sanctions. No nukes here, just a six-decade association with communism and as a result, no trade with the US. Many say the country's economy is floundering.
The embargo costs Cuba roughly $690 million a year. But the losses for the US are between $1.2 and $3.6 billion annually.
But again, those affected are the most vulnerable in society, particularly Cuba's elderly, as the country has a rationing system that gives preferential treatment to women and children.
“Those who have been hit hardest seem to be men and the elderly,” RT's correspondent says.
It turned out that “Against the Grain” is about a nobleman who shuts himself away in a house, weary of people, weary of society, weary of the age, a man who finds everyday life insufferably banal and who, alone in contemplation, endeavors to establish a completely artificial life, through books, paintings, art and music, but also through grand, performance-like happenings in which he recreates the world outside by stimulating individual senses — smell, sight, taste, hearing — in systems as closed as they are unsettling. Moreover, he is obsessed by decay, obsessed by all that unravels, crumbles away, weakens, dies.
The depiction of Jean Des Esseintes (Huysmans's protagonist) probably seemed just as astonishing and aberrant to the reader when the book came out in 1884 as it does today, whereas the conception it represented, of the connection between refinement and decline, which flourished in the arts toward the end of that century, would most likely no longer seem as clear-cut. Presumably, World War II put an end to it; before that, it was a view that dominated European thought, not only in Decadent literature and art but also in the novels of a writer like Thomas Mann, and not least in philosophy, by way of Oswald Spengler's once unprecedentedly influential work “The Decline of the West,” published starting in 1918, which construed civilizations as organic entities passing through clearly defined life cycles of a thousand years, in which culture's pinnacle, its summer, also contained the very seed of its decline, for at that point it was consummate, and then stagnated, withered, turned in on itself, questioning its own raison d'être, a path that inexorably led to nihilism and decadence, the autumn of civilization — whereas winter marked the return of faith, when religiosity once more descended upon it.
Image Credit Keith Negley
Huysmans's literary life was like Spengler's system in miniature: He began as a naturalist, continued as a fin-de-siècle nihilist and perhaps the foremost exponent of the Decadent movement, before eventually turning religious and converting to Catholicism, an evolution he spent his final books putting into words.
All of this resonates in Houellebecq's novel, in the simplest of ways, through the protagonist François's absorption in Huysmans's books, his identification with his life — Huysmans is “a faithful friend,” he writes. François finds modern life to be quite as intolerable as Des Esseintes before him, as empty and as hollow, but “Submission,” unlike “Against the Grain,” is a realistic novel, and the life it depicts is a perfectly ordinary French middle-class life. François is in his mid-40s, a professor at the Sorbonne, he lives alone, eats microwave dinners in front of the TV in the evenings, his romantic relationships are fleeting, a year at most, usually with one of his female students. As the narrative commences, in the spring of 2022, he resumes a sexually intense, albeit uncommitted relationship to a student called Myriam. Everything he does is tinged with a pessimism that escalates when Myriam leaves him and moves to Israel, and first his mother, then his father, die shortly afterward. He has no friends, no interests apart from 19th-century French literature, he browses porn on the Internet, visits a few prostitutes, at one point he says he's nearing suicide, elsewhere he notes that suddenly, during the night, he was overwhelmed by unexpected, uncontrollable tears. Presented thus, as a detached list of facts, it seems apparent we are dealing with loneliness, lovelessness, the meaningless void. In the context of the novel itself, however, this doesn't seem to be the case at all, for François never writes about his feelings, losing his parents is a matter hardly touched on, and his perspective is in every instance cynical and disillusioned, and since the cynical, disillusioned perspective generally is characterized by distance, it overlooks, or ignores, or does not believe in or recognize emotional intimacy. The disillusioned perspective distinguishes continually between faith and reality, between life as we want it to be and life as it actually is — for it is faith that joins us together with our undertakings and with the world, faith that accords them value. Without faith, no value. That's why so many people find the disillusioned perspective so provoking: It lacks faith, sees only the phenomenon itself, while faith, which in a sense is always also illusion, for most people is the very point, the profoundest meaning. To the disillusioned, morals, for instance, are not so much a question of right or wrong as of fear. But try telling that to the moral individual. When François at the beginning of the novel writes that the great majority in Western societies are blinded by avarice and consumerist lust, even more so by the desire to assert themselves, inspired by their idols, athletes, actors and models, unable to see their own lives as they are, utterly devoid of meaning, what he is describing is the function of faith in modern society. The fact that he himself does not possess such faith, that he exists outside of it, within the meaningless, as it were, he explains as follows: “For various psychological reasons that I have neither the skill nor the desire to analyze, I wasn't that way at all.”
This is the only place in the novel that opens up for the idea that the emptiness and ennui that François feels is not just universal, a kind of existential condition applicable to us all and which most people hide away behind walls of illusion, it may also have individual causes. That is somewhere he doesn't want to go, and thus a vast and interesting field of tension is set up in the novel, since the narrator is a person who is unable to bond with others, feels no closeness to anyone, not even himself, and moreover understands solitude existentially, that is from a distance, as something general, a universal condition, or as something determined by society, typical of our age, at the same time as he tells us his parents never wanted anything to do with him, that he hardly had any contact with them, and that their deaths are little more than insignificant incidents in his life. Such an understanding, that the ennui and emptiness he feels so strongly are related to his incapacity to feel emotion or establish closeness to others, and that it is difficult, indeed impossible, not to see this as having to do with lifelong rejection, is extraneous to the novel's universe, since nothing would be remoter to François's worldview, an intimate model of explanation would be impossible for him to accept, a mere addition to the list of things in which he doesn't believe: love, politics, psychology, religion.
Such a disillusioned protagonist allows, too, for a comic perspective, insofar as the comic presupposes distance, shuns identification and is nourished by the outrageous. Indeed, “Submission” is, in long stretches, a comic novel, a comedy, its protagonist François teetering always on the brink of caricature, his thoughts and dialogue often witty, as for instance in this passage, where Myriam, his young mistress, asks if he is bothered by her just having referred to him as macho: “ ‘I don't know, I guess I must be kind of macho. I've never really been convinced that it was a good idea for women to get the vote, study the same things as men, go into the same professions, et cetera. I mean, we're used to it now — but was it really a good idea?' Her eyes narrowed in surprise. For a few seconds she actually seemed to be thinking it over, and suddenly I was, too, for a moment. Then I realized I had no answer, to this question or any other.”
The main reason François's ennui never really seems significant, at least not compared with the status ennui is accorded in Huysmans's “Against the Grain,” even if it is consistently present in nearly all the novel's scenes, is, however, neither abhorrence of emotional closeness nor the remoteness with which its comic passages are infused, but rather the fact that it coincides with the massive political upheaval France is undergoing in front of his very eyes. An election is coming up, and the mood across the country is tense, there are armed street battles and riots in several towns, right-wing radicals clash with various ethnic groups, and yet the media avoid writing about it, the problem is played down, and people seem weary and resigned.
The director of Baltimore's Environmental Control Board rarely came to the office before noon, spent hours at the hairdresser and a spa, yet routinely billed the city for more than nine hours of work a day, according to a report by the city's chief fraud investigator.
Inspector General Robert H. Pearre Jr. issued a report concerning the “fraudulent timekeeping scheme” of Sandra E. Baker at a peculiar time – after the close of business yesterday (Friday) evening.
This is the first public disclosure of its contents.
According to the report, the scheme resulted in 81 hours of work not performed by Baker between March and July 2014, which “accounts for only a fraction of the true amount of time that Ms. Baker has been paid for work not performed.”
Baker, 54, a lawyer and mayoral appointee, was fired from her $97,000-a-year post last August after Pearre's preliminary investigation was conveyed to the mayor's office.
Yesterday's report comes just a day after a city grand jury indicted a Transportation Department employee for fraudulently billing the city for 2,227 hours of overtime.
A week earlier, a federal grand jury indicted the former boss of the Charm City Circulator for taking bribes and trying to sell city bus shelters.
According to the report, the Baltimore City State's Attorney Office received evidence of Baker's billing scheme, but “declined prosecution.” The Maryland Attorney Grievance Commission has not taken disciplinary action against Baker, according to its on-line records.
A phone call to her East Baltimore residence today seeking comment was not returned.
Never Audited
The Environmental Control Board is one of scores of quasi-independent commissions and boards that remain obscure to the public – and to many in city government itself.
The ECB handles citations issued to homeowners and businesses for violations of sanitation, zoning, public health and food laws, and administers what is popularly called the “trash court.”
The board is one of many city agencies excluded from audits mandated under a 2012 charter amendment whose slow pace has frustrated audit advocates.
Following an anonymous tip that Baker was “stealing city time,” investigators used e-mail and physical surveillance to identify specific instances where the lawyer was not at work in her Lexington Street office.
On March 19, 2014, for example, they found that Baker billed the city for 9.2 hours when she told her executive assistant by email that she was taking the day off to go to physical therapy, followed by a trip to the hairdresser. On April 15, she billed the city for 9.2 hours when she was booked on an afternoon plane flight to Indianapolis.
In another instance, surveillance cameras caught her entering a Northeast Baltimore spa at 11:33 a.m. and not leaving the establishment until 4:45 p.m. She charged the city for 10.2 hours of work that day.
She billed the city for time spent in Philadelphia, according to the report, as well as for trips to the cleaners and a pedicure appointment.
Lax Timekeeping
Enabling Baker in her alleged scheme was the city's lax timekeeping procedures. “Like many city agencies,” Pearre noted, “ECB's time and attendance record keeping is a combination of both paper and electronic documentation,” with paper time sheets submitted by employees to the executive secretary, who enters the data onto eTime, the city's electronic payroll system.
_____________________________________________
Full report of “Frauduent Timkeeping Scheme” HERE
_____________________________________________
Baker was responsible for reviewing and approving all data entered by the executive secretary – including her own. This “allowed Ms. Baker to enter and approve her own timekeeping information in the eTIME system,” the report said.
Confronted by evidence of false billings, Baker told investigators that she was “on call” at all times and not subject to the city's typical 8:30-4:30 working hours. She estimated that she worked between 30 and 35 hours at the office and spent many more hours working at home.
To review her claim that she was working at home, investigators examined her city email account and found that Baker sent out, on average, 3-5 emails a day.
“The content and extremely low amount of email correspondence sent from Ms. Bakerʼs account is atypical for someone in a high-level management position. This led the Office of Inspector General to seriously question the amount of work Ms. Baker was performing from home,” the report said.
The report also noted that Baker's supervisor, Deputy Mayor Khalil Zaied, was generally unaware of her whereabouts and routinely approved requests for leave time that Ms. Baker used as “opportunities to charge work hours and accrue compensatory hours.”
Perk of her Position
Office staff told investigators that Baker was physically present in the office for as little as 15 to 20 hours a week – and that she explained her absences by saying that “as a mayoral appointee and a member of the Mayor's Cabinet, she can come to the office as she pleases as a perk of the position.”
At the time Baker was fired in August, she had accrued $55,378 worth of compensatory time and sick leave. The city has refused to pay out those funds and is also withholding $4,252 from Baker's final vacation and personal leave payout, according to the report.
On-line city records show that Baker was paid $90,497 in 2012 and $92,353 in 2013 – and got a big pay increase ($97,258) in fiscal 2014 ending on June 30.
The board's current interim director is Mary Beth Haller. She supervises eight full-time staff and three lawyers that act as part-time administrative law judges at the “trash court.”
At a time when large dams are being taken down, not put up, the state of Alaska is proposing to construct one of the tallest and most expensive hydroelectric dams ever built in North America.
The Alaska Energy Authority is planning to build a 735-foot, $5.2 billion structure on the Susitna River in a largely empty south-central part of the state, which is watered by runoff from the arc of the Alaska Range. The dam, designed to generate up to 600 megawatts of electricity, would create a new power supply for more than two-thirds of the state's population.
But in Alaska, where natural energy resources and wildlife are both foundations of the economy, the proposed dam presents twin conundrums.
One is economic: which is better, creating a reliable source of hydroelectricity and weaning some of the state off natural gas, or building a spur off a proposed pipeline to bring gas from the North Slope to the populated region from Fairbanks to the Kenai Peninsula? Or both? The other is environmental: what serves the environment best, replacing natural gas-fired electricity with hydroelectricity, which is free of greenhouse gas emissions, or keeping the Susitna watershed untrammeled and avoiding the risks involved in changing the dynamics of a major salmon stream?
Continuing writing about Patanjali Sutras in the original sequence of the original book and adding commentary undermines the utility of Sutras for common people. The Sutras are too crisp, concise and written in a sequence, that it makes sense to experts in the science of Philosophy, Human purpose and Spirituality. As I tried to write about the next Sutras, for the nth time, I got lost. For modern day people not familiar with science of Yoga, it is better to regroup the Sutras, combine and club them and study one concept at a time.
If someone is interested and is willing to follow the path defined in the original Sutras, there are many versions & interpretations available online. There are many forums having sessions and discussions on them. In this blog, I felt it would be better to share thoughts organized in a collective way even though they are from different sections of Yoga Sutras.
The first concept that I would like to share is about being Happy. In the modern society, people are afraid to pronounce that they want to be happy. From birth, every child is indoctrinated by society to become a successful person and happiness is not explained and taught to him.
Being Happy as a goal has been underlined and mentioned at many places in the Patanjali Yoga Sutras. In fact, the ultimate goal of all Yogic philosophy is happiness. Man has evolved and is destined to seek and attain happiness and bliss. We have not seen in recent times a Society at large consisting of people who went around saying - “I am living to be Happy”.
Whatever a man does he should have the objective of happiness as the goal. Yes I want to say out plain and loud,” I am living and striving to be happy”. Will people take it at face value? Being successful should not be mixed with being Happy. Success has not given happiness to many and in this 21st century, I am hopeful more people will start saying that “I am living everyday to be Happy”.
For e.g. in the business world, Employee centric discussions are going on in the boardrooms of all corporations across the globe. Employee engagement, Employee happiness & satisfaction, Goal aligning and synergizing have taken precedence over the other management philosophies and theories.
Having material objects (House, Car, Gadgets, Memberships) is equated to being successful and everyone is trained and plans to & works to achieve success. Being Happy is not considered as a goal that needs to be emphasized, practiced and openly advocated.
Patanjali Yoga Sutras have emphasized and elaborated on the Internal state of Happiness. More importance is to be assigned to it than the external comforts. The external comforts are good to have, but they're not must haves. While internal peace is a must-have ingredient for Happiness.
Below aphorisms from the “second section” of Patanjali Sutras deal with eliminating the obstacles and establishing natural state of happiness that does not depend on external events:
Sutra 2.7 - सुखानुशयी रागः॥७॥ Sukhanushayi Raga
“Ragah (Attachment) is clinging to ideas & objects of Pleasure and Happiness”
Sutra 2.8 - दुःखानुशयी द्वेषः॥८॥ Dukhanushayi Dvesha
”Pain arises out of clinging to object/ideas of dislike or hatred”
Sutra 2.42 - संतोषातनुत्तमस्सुखलाभः ॥४२॥ Santosh Anuttama Sukha Labha
“Contentedness of mind results in complete happiness”
Ever wondered why happiness lasts a moment but our worries seem to bother us for a longer duration?
Seeking happiness is an inborn natural mental activity. As mentioned above, “man is destined to seek and attain happiness and bliss.” Still, very few people are able to retrieve that natural, enduring state of bliss, that lies at the core of our mind. Most people confuse themselves and by chasing objects (Maya), they pursue multiple paths to being happy with poor results.
As per above Sutras, this happens because we live in limitations. We have the tendency to become attached/addicted to everything that gives happiness. We restrict ourselves to particular thoughts, situations, objects and people that make us happy. We limit the scope of our happiness to these few external phenomena. Our happiness becomes dependent upon these. With the law of diminishing returns their returns keep going down over time.
Alternatively, if we dislike or hate something, that too becomes our obsession. It acts as a barrier on the path to happiness. There are certain people, situations or ideologies we don't like. Nurturing distaste for them preoccupies our mind and we get attached to the feeling, but this time leading to a negative spiral. Revulsions against every single thing we dislike or not agree with, disturbs our inner peace.
In light of this, it is clear that attachment with our own likes, dislikes, opinions and judgments becomes the cause of misery. It is a big obstruction that keeps us from being happy. This doesn't mean we should not take a firm stand or opinion, but respect the fact that non agreement is acceptable. The key is to derive pleasure out of all things, circumstances and people in life, without getting addicted to them whether negatively or positively.
Further, Sutra 2.42 says that “acceptance and fulfillment help achieve complete happiness in life”. This happens when we realize that happiness is our natural mental state rather than a temporary high. We repeatedly disturb this state by trying to find ‘permanent' happiness in transitory events.
External events are momentary and happiness derived out of them doesn't last long. Patanjali has advised to establish happiness as a state of mind as opposed to being dependent on external stimuli. Once we are exposed to the unlimited source of happiness present within us, we will no longer seek it in the outer world; and once we cease to seek happiness in the external world, all the problems get fixed on their own.
The more we understand, we find that people or situations cannot be the source of either happiness or unhappiness. It is our attachment to them as explained in the given Sutras. A holistic and detached view on life as advocated by Patanjali, is likely to lead us towards pleasure and fulfillment.
All this relates very well to the Sutra 2.42, which says- Contentedness of mind results in complete happiness. Yoga is the tool to unlock that hidden source of happiness in our mind. Once we reach there, even if the mind is actively involved in everything objectively, it is still detached and contended as an observer but not as a participant. The mind gets into the habit of holistic views and broad vision which in turn leads to happiness.
From above explanation, we can conclude that natural state of happiness gets overshadowed by the desire to seek artificial or momentary happiness in the outer world. The key is to master the art of being happy without getting interrupted by external events.
Thus, tolerant lifestyles are going to take the lead the shift from the ‘Good Morning' Salutation to the ‘Happy Morning' salutation in human History. I feel blessed to be one of the rare few in advocating and blatantly accepting it on a Public Platform. Below you will find some modern research about the relation between health, happiness and success.
What makes people happy is a concept that has been baffling men for long. Research by HBR confirms what is stated by Patanjali Yoga Sutras:
The Study of Adult Development by Harvard is the longest ever research on adult life. Researchers followed life of 724 participants in the study through their college days, year after year, asking them about their work and home life, their health and relationships. They found that Happy people prosper, are healthy and live longer than those who are less happy. Full research at:
http://hr1973.org/docs/Harvard35thReunion_Waldinger.pdf
So no more ‘Good Day' to you readers but a ‘Happy Day' to you :)
I would like to be one of the first to start the habit of wishing everyone Happy Morning, Happy night and Happy day instead of Good Morning, Good Day and Good Night. I am going to try and share this thought to as many people as I can. I will start this movement to ask everyone to understand that being happy is one of the important task as a human being on this planet.
Happiness is a contagious disease and it spreads in all directions.
There should be no shame in saying that I am trying to be happy in my life.
It should become a practice, and should be implemented with so much rigour and conviction that it becomes more than just a salutation.
Starting with this post, I will come up with more concepts from Patanjali Yoga Sutras for a better understanding. The aim is to simplify the Sutra study and make it comprehensible for all types of audience. So that everyone can benefit from the ancient wisdom and improve their quality of life.
Happy Day to you all :)
About the Author
Anand (@ananddamanica) is a Serial Entrepreneur and Startup Advisor with over 20 years of experience in the Manufacturing Sector, International Trade, Custom software, Web & Mobile App. Development. He has provided IT integration guidance to over 200 SME & Startup Clients across the globe. A Chartered Accountant by education and an Entrepreneur at heart, Anand has a knack for simplifying 'complex' problems. He shares his expertise in business and management, and also writes about his passion– Yoga, in his blog: www.ananddamani.com/blog
He believes Yoga is not just exercise for mind & body but a Philosophy, that should be applied in life as well. You can reach him at: anand@ananddamani.com.
By PAUL WISEMAN, AP Economics Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) — America's biggest business group is warning the Trump administration that a withdrawal from the North American Free Trade Agreement would be a "political and economic debacle" that would cost hundreds of thousands of U.S. jobs.
Talking with reporters Friday, John Murphy, a senior official with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said the chamber would work to rally support for the trade deal and against the administration's hardline demand for concessions from Canada and Mexico. The comments were unusually blunt for America's biggest business group.
The Trump administration, which has threatened to pull out of NAFTA if the three countries can't agree on far-reaching changes to favor American interests, quickly returned fire.
"The president has been clear that NAFTA has been a disaster for many Americans, and achieving his objectives requires substantial change," said Emily Davis, spokeswoman for the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative. "These changes of course will be opposed by entrenched Washington lobbyists and trade associations. We have always understood that draining the swamp would be controversial in Washington."
The fourth round of talks to overhaul NAFTA, which was enacted 23 years ago, is scheduled for next week in Washington.
NAFTA erased most trade barriers along the United States, Canada and Mexico and led to an explosion in trade between the three countries. U.S. farm exports soared. U.S. manufacturers moved production — and jobs — south of the border to capitalize on lower Mexican wages. In doing so, they built complicated supply chains that crossed NAFTA borders.
Before the renegotiation began in August, many business and farm groups hoped the Trump administration would settle for tweaking rather than abandoning the trade deal — updating it, for example, to reflect the rise of e-commerce. But U.S. Trade Rep. Robert Lighthizer declared at the outset that the U.S. wouldn't be satisfied with minor changes.
Instead, the administration has been seeking to ensure that more auto production be made in America to receive NAFTA benefits, that more government contracts go to U.S. companies and that NAFTA expire unless the countries agreed every few years to extend it. It also wants to scrap a dispute-resolution process favored by Canada.
Murphy, the chamber's senior vice president for international policy, said that businesses "broadly and emphatically" oppose the proposals.
"We are increasingly concerned about the state of play," he said.
The first three rounds of talks dealt mostly issues that weren't in dispute. But Round 4 is expected to move into tougher territory.
"They've worked through things that were mostly agreed upon," said David Salmonsen, senior director of congressional relations at the American Farm Bureau Federation, trade group for U.S. agriculture. "Now we're getting to the contentious issues."
Robert Zoellick, a former U.S. trade rep, this week told a conference at the Atlantic Council in Washington that he thought Trump might turn to brinkmanship over NAFTA to distract attention from other problems.
"There's a very serious risk, depending on what happens with Trump's popularity and the investigations, that at some point he'll withdraw from the agreement."
The president had vilified NAFTA on the campaign trail as a job-killing disaster, especially for U.S. factory workers who, Trump argued, had been the victims of U.S. companies moving jobs to Mexico. Trump threatened to pull out of pact in April before talks even started but reversed himself after pushback from American businesses, especially farm groups.
If the United States left NAFTA, trade barriers to Canada and Mexico would pop back up. Some of the tariffs would not be especially high. But Mexican tariffs on many American farm products could soar.
Lori Wallach, a NAFTA critic who is director of Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch, said business groups have been slow to realize that Trump was serious about leaving NAFTA if he couldn't negotiate a more favorable deal for American workers.
"They are going to have to decide, after they get done hyperventilating, whether they want something or nothing," Wallach said. "The status quo is not one of the choices."
Worms can not only survive in faux Martian soil — they can start a new generation. That's the conclusion from biologist Wieger Wamelink who recently discovered two baby worms in his simulated Mars soil experiment.Since 2013, scientists from Wageningen University & Research have been growing crops in Mars and moon soil simulants designed by NASA. They've been successful in growing edible crops (including green beans, peas, tomatoes, potatoes, carrots, and more), according to a news release . That's great, but it needs to become a sustainable agricultural ecosystem.And they're looking to earthworms for help.Worms play an important role in Earth's soil health. They break down and recycle dead organic matter like old plants, mixing it with the soil. Worms also burrow throughout the soil, aerating it to enhance water and oxygen transport.In a recent experiment, scientists placed adult worms in Martian-like soil that was mixed with pig manure and arugula. The different soil simulants used contained volcanic rock from Hawaii and desert sand from Arizona to replicate what's found on Mars and the moon, respectively.“Clearly the manure stimulated growth, especially in the Mars soil simulant, and we saw that the worms were active. However, the best surprise came at the end of the experiment when we found two young worms in the Mars soil simulant,” said Wamelink in a news release.It appears, so far, that the worms are doing quite well in the mock Martian soil. On top of proving worms can live in the simulant soil, the researchers need to see whether they can properly do their job: digest organic matter, mix it with the soil and burrow.Not only does this research help provide potential methods to sustain the colonies Elon Musk plans to have on the Red Planet as early as 2024 , but it also has implications for learning why some of Earth's farming practices fail.This is an ongoing study and the final results are yet to be published.This article originally appeared on Discovermagazine.com
With the 2015 FIA World Endurance Championship having wrapped up last month in Bahrain, silly season is already in full swing as drivers, teams and manufacturers prepare for next year's expanded nine-round season.
Sportscar365 takes a look at the confirmed and possible entries for the GTE-Am class.
AF Corse — The legend of the Ferrari 458 Italia will continue in the hands of customers next year, with up to two AF Corse entries expected. Look for the successful combo of Emmanuel Collard and Francois Perrodo to continue in one Prancing Horse. (1-2 cars)
SMP Racing — After claiming the 2015 title, the Russian-backed team could step up to the GTE-Pro class with a new Ferrari 488 GTE, although nothing has yet been confirmed. (1 car?)
Aston Martin Racing — There may only be a single GTE-Am Aston Martin on the grid next year, with Roald Goethe's No. 96 Aston not returning. It's understood Paul Dalla Lana was in the process of finalizing his deal, which should see the same driver lineup return to the No. 98 car. (1-2 cars)
Proton Competition — There's been increased interest in the Proton camp as of late, with multiple gentlemen drivers exploring possible efforts with the German squad's Porsche 911 RSRs. It's understood a full-season return for Patrick Dempsey is unlikely, leaving the possibility of a second car open to new drivers. (1-2 cars)
Gulf Racing UK — The British squad is set to graduate from ELMS, entering its Porsche 911 RSR in the WEC next year. No word has been given on the potential driver lineup. (1 car)
Larbre Competition — The Jack Leconte-led squad could return to the GTE-Am ranks, or potentially move its Corvette C7.R to GTE-Pro (with upgrades). A final decision on the team's 2016 program has yet to be made. (1 car?)
Projected 2016 Car Count: 4-9 entries
“I hate him. If I don't ever see him again, it will be too soon. I hate him.”- Sam Mitchell
Ten years and eleven days after Sam Mitchell suffered his worst defeat as a head coach, he walked into Staples Center, a little bit grayer around the edges, and a little bit salty. He knew the question was coming but this time when asked about Kobe Bryant's illustruous 81 point dismantling of the Raptors, his face shifted into a twist as it hardened like stone. He made it clear he was having none of the 81 talk. He's been asked that question over and over again the last ten years, so many times he's fed up. Whenever the anniversary rolls around, like it did ten days ago, and whenever Mitchell plays the Lakers and Kobe is in the lineup, the question comes at him like rapid fire. How did you allow one person to score 81 on you?
Not that Tuesday night's game will surpass the mythology of 81, but for Kobe Bryant, bad shoulder, bad knees, bad Achilles, and Sam Mitchell watching again, delivering his version of 81 (at his very advanced basketball age of 37) was a descent into the Laker days when there was glory and high expectations.
They say old man cometh. But sometimes, old man stays away.
On this particular night, when it was all said and done, Sam Mitchell was once again at the precipice of despair. He sat on the sidelines, he stood barking at the refs, he cussed under his breath. He was helpless again in the 4th quarter as Kobe Bryant scored 14 of the Lakers last 18 points. (In the 81 point game, Kobe had 28 4th quarter points.)
Kobe Bryant, who is breathing his last gasp of NBA oxygen, single handedly snapped a ten game losing streak for the Lakers, keeping them from adding another bitter line to the Lakers record books- 11 straight losses- but that was an afterthought. It was all about how Kobe keeps eviscerating Sam Mitchell.
He made 7 out of 11 three pointers, something he hadn't done since 2008. He scored 38 points, something he hadn't done in fifteen months, when he scored 44 points against the Warriors. He put on a fourth quarter clutch clinic, something he hadn't done since the Wizards game in early December. He looked like the Kobe Bryant who has been the centerpiece of the Lakers franchise since 2004. Bald head and all, not as athletic and all, he matched Andrew Wiggins in the 4th, who was pretty damned good himself, 10 points, five straight jumpers in a row. Even Kobe had to give him props.
“I was very impressed with his turnaround in the post. When he first came into the league, he was off balance with it, exposing the ball. That was textbook. He hid the ball well, he elevated. I was impressed. It was a joy to watch the growth.”
Kobe struggled to finish in the paint, all his 4th quarter misses came from there, but his perimeter game was pure spot-on Kobe, and just like that January night in 2006, Sam Mitchell refused to double-team him. Kobe knew why.
“I knew where he was going to double from if he decided to double and I knew the double was going to be too late.”
Regardless of Kobe's confidence and ability, the facts remain: Lou Williams couldn't beat you in game one of the season, why would he do it now? Julius Randle doesn't have a jumper. Jordan Clarkson is the only real offensive threat. Why not try a double?
It was honorable of Sam Mitchell to give Andrew Wiggins confidence by allowing him to try to stop Bryant one-on-one. Wiggins is a nice defender, in this his second season. But as Byron Scott said post-game, the one thing that Kobe hasn't lost is his willfulness and drive. Wiggins, a Kobe imitator, attempting to guard Kobe, the aged superstar, on a night when he had energy in his legs and a shoulder not hurting and his Achilles feeling as normal as it ever will, was going to come up on the short end as Kobe demonstrated: I'm the teacher, you're the student.
And yet, in the last two minutes, you had to wonder if Kobe still had it in him. Could he pull it off?
“I felt good. Everything revolved around the jump shots. The shots were falling. Tonight I made shots I was supposed to make. You get in a rhythm. You start making more difficult shots. It feels good to make those shots. I've been working on those shots all summer. Last game, going into this game, I had good rhythm.”
The Timberwolves took a one point lead with five minutes left. For his 30th point, Kobe drained a three. The Lakers never trailed again. With 26 seconds left, the Lakers had a very thin one point lead. Kobe dribbled to the right, elevated with perfect technique and drilled one of his patented 18-footers to give the Lakers the lead. Then he went to the free throw line three consecutive times and didn't miss.
“I don't know if he's going to replace that fierce competitiveness (after he retires). He loves to compete.” (Byron Scott)
It's a different mental challenge for Bryant, being on such an awful team with young players whose work ethic and attention to detail continually irk Bryant. After the game, he noted how unhappy he was with the Lakers kids who let the lead slip away once he went to the bench at the end of the third quarter.
“It shows a lack of focus and attention to detail. I'm constantly on them about ball pressure defensively, denying passing lanes, having a physical presence defensively.”
The young kids casualness in the 4th quarter was what Andrew Wiggins exploited with his array of shots that erased the lead. Wiggins had a superb fourth quarter, he made all five shots he attempted, and he defiantly brought the Wolves back from a 9-point deficit. But, he just couldn't stop Kobe on a night when even a young Kobe couldn't stop himself.
Kobe said, “I play as hard as I can”, a lesson to the younger players who struggle with the weight of playing in Los Angeles with the “peripheral opponent”, as Pat Riley used to call all the outside noise, constantly lingering in their ears. You're a bust. You can't shoot. You're lazy. You don't play hard…
Kobe's advice to D'Angelo Russell was his advice to all young NBA players.
“You have to count on your process, do what you are told to. Train as hard as you can. Before practice. After practice. At night. You have to stick to your process. You can't let outside voices influence you. That will knock you off course. You have to work day and night, stay locked into your game. Focus on what you can control and not worry about anything else.”
What Sam Mitchell couldn't control on Tuesday night was a throwback game from Kobe Bryant, the 3rd greatest scorer in NBA history. There will be a couple of more here and there for Bryant, as the season and Kobe's career winds down.
Nearly ten o'clock local time, the once 17 year old, now 37 year old Kobe Bryant, drained the last free throw to end the game; he exhaled, soaking in the victory and his performance. He smiled. Nearby, Sam Mitchell hung his head. He had that same perplexed look he had on January 22, 2006 when Kobe scored 81 points.
“Why me?”
photo via llananba
Leave it to Canadians to shine some light on an oftentimes dark presidential election season.
As Election Day 2016 draws near, a slew of Canada's residents have banded together in a campaign called “Let's Tell America It's Great.“
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
“Seems America could use some cheering up right about now,” the campaign's website states. “As their closest friends and neighbours, we thought we should take a minute to help remind them that no matter how bad things might seem at the moment, there are lots of reasons why we think they're still pretty great.”
In one of many videos posted on the website, a bunch of Canadian residents sent their “love notes” to Americans, gushing about what they believe makes the nation great.
Your warm climates and warm hearts. Your diverse cultures and beautiful cities and landscapes. ❤️🇺🇸 #tellamericanitsgreat — D (@d_lynn_) October 18, 2016
“You're so wonderful and warm and accommodating,” one person said in the video. Another added: “When things are tough, you fight to make them better.”
The campaign slogan appears to be a play on presidential hopeful Donald Trump‘s mantra, “Make America Great Again.”
You will make it through this! It might take large quantities of alcohol & breakup song mixtapes, but you are strong! #tellamericanitsgreat — Cat B (@BruggemanCat) October 18, 2016
#tellamericanitsgreat your friends in Canada think you guys are great , come over any time. Thanks again for protecting our bottoms 🙂 — Wes (@SixxixxiS) October 18, 2016
As the videos made their way around the Internet, the Twittersphere took notice, and joined in on the positivity.
“You put a man on the moon, and you wrote a song about it. That's really great stuff. Be proud. #tellamericanitsgreat,” one Twitter user wrote.
Another person tweeted: “To my American brothers, sisters, and others, you are strong, you are beautiful, and this election will not break you. #tellamericanitsgreat.”
#tellamericanitsgreat Keep your head up, we're here if you need to talk(wall or not)! pic.twitter.com/HUIU4gq6pw — Katie Mac (@KatezMac) October 18, 2016
#tellamericanitsgreat Neighbours, i know it hurts being told ur not great anymore. Don't believe it, ur AMAZING and we love u! ❤ — Lisa Dawn (@lisalvsu2) October 18, 2016
The campaign comes amid an attention-grabbing, headline-making election, with Hillary Clinton and Trump immersed in a fierce battle for the White House. Earlier this year, Google searches for “how to move to Canada” shot up just before the presidential hopefuls clinched the GOP and Democratic nominations respectively.
Now, as the election draws to a close, the presidential hopefuls will go head-to-head in their final debate on Wednesday in Las Vegas.
BEIJING, China - Qualifier Christina McHale shocked US Open champion Sloane Stephens in a first round, all-American clash at the China Open on Monday, 6-3, 6-0.
Little went Stephens' way over the course of the 65-minute encounter, as the American lost the last seven games of the match to her compatriot ranked over 50 places below her.
"It's definitely a big win for me. I'm just really excited to be moving on to the next round here," "I think Sloane wasn't at her best today, but I served well, got a lot of balls back and returned well. I just stayed the course throughout the match."
The No.15 seed struggled with her consistency on serve and off the ground in the match, making 33 unforced errors in 15 games and losing serve six times.
Though she landed 71% of her first serves overall, she was unable to translate that mark to points won, as McHale won over 50% of the points when returning Stephens' first serve, and over 60% of points on the second.
"It was just a tough day," Stephens said after the match. "There's not much to say about it. It was obviously not a great match, so I just want to forget about it, move on, and try to have a better level for the next tournament."
The match was delayed by several hours at the start due to rain in Beijing which wreaked havoc on the morning on the outside courts.
"It was definitely a little tricky. Every time we were about to go out, it started raining again," McHale said of the conditions. "It was great once we got out there. The court was really nice, I really liked the atmosphere. There was a good amount of people watching, and it was a really great match for me."
Added Stephens: "It affects both players, but she obviously just handled it a little bit better. It's unfortunate, but it happens."
You have the option to get onsite service coverage for two or three years from the date of your hardware purchase. If you have a hardware issue during that time, AppleCare for Enterprise will help get you back up and running quickly. IBM's Global Technology Services, a worldwide Apple Authorized Service Provider, will provide onsite service within the next business day.
Earlier this year, Apple and IBM announced a major enterprise mobility partnership that would see IBM selling iOS devices to its corporate customers, creating industry-specific native apps, providing iOS-optimized cloud services, and providing support for a new AppleCare service.IBM and Apple are now moving forward with their partnership, and Apple has recently launched a new AppleCare for Enterprise website , suggesting that its promised enterprise-grade AppleCare plan is now available for IBM's enterprise customers.As detailed on the website, all AppleCare for Enterprise accounts are handled by an AppleCare Account Manager, providing a personal liaison with AppleCare. Apple promises a one-hour response time for all urgent issues, with IT department-level support available 24/7 via phone or email. All AppleCare for Enterprise customers can also replace 10 percent of damaged iOS devices, giving businesses an easy way to replace iPads or iPhones that have been accidentally damaged by employees.As promised during the announcement of its IBM partnership, Apple is offering an onsite hardware repair service for AppleCare for Enterprise customers. While Apple is handling all email and phone requests, IBM Global Technology Services will provide onsite repairs.The new AppleCare for Enterprise site comes just ahead of IBM's first dedicated enterprise-focused iOS apps. During Apple's recent earnings call , Tim Cook said that next month, IBM will introduce apps across six sectors: banking, government, insurance, retail, travel, and transportation and telecommunications.Pricing on the Enterprise plans is unknown, but enterprise customers interested in finding out more about Apple's AppleCare for Enterprise plans are encouraged to contact their Apple or IBM Account Executives.(Thanks, Craig!)
Chicago police have issued a community alert for the Wicker Park neighborhood after a man tried to lure a 10-year-old boy into his car while the child was walking to school this morning.
According to a release from the Chicago Police Department Office of News Affairs, the boy was walking to school through an alley in the 1300 block of North Claremont Avenue on the Near West Side when he was approached by a man in a black car. The man rolled down the window on his car and said to the boy: "Hey kid, come here and get in my car."
The boy refused and headed south down the alley while the man drove north in his car. The boy reported the incident when he arrived at school. Police also said the same man may have approached some other children a few minutes later about a block away.
Police said the man was white and was wearing a black ski mask and a black jacket; a light-colored goatee was visible around the mouth area of the mask. The man was driving a black 4-door Lincoln with white pinstripes.
Anyone with information about this incident is asked to call the Area North Bureau of Detectives at (312) 744-8200.
chicagobreaking@tribune.com | Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking
Dell and Google have unveiled the Chromebook 13, an all-new Chromebook which aims to bring higher-end specs with a more affordable price tag. Currently, consumers have entry-level, affordable Chromebook's like the ASUS Chromebook Flip, or a high-end, expensive option like the Pixel. Dell hopes to break the current trend, with pricing of its Chromebook 13 starting at just $399. For that, you get a 13.3-inch FHD IPS display, a 5th generation Intel Core processor and 12 hours of battery life per charge.
The price will rise, depending on which internals you upgrade. Consumers will be able to choose between the i3 or i5 processor, and have anywhere from 2GB to 8GB of RAM inside, with configurations priced as high as $899. You will be able to order the Dell Chromebook 13 beginning September 17.
Source: Google for Work
psiie: nevvyland: udoneko: musashismohawk: oncelerswaifu: doc-knock: martartut: monkey-d-cocks: douglasrichardsoned: awinduptoy: pinkprisoner: megallica: I was trying to make Akinator guess himself. After a few questions he asked if my character was a genie and I knew he was going to get it, so when he asked if my character was gay I just said yes. The asked if my character was known for a specific sexual act and I said yes again. This is the answer I got. look how proud he is of his sexy bf yaois OMFG WHY nah you guys it's like this Oops. oh my god IM GONNA Um… Yeah, UM… AKIN8OR U GOT SUM XPLAIN' 2 DO solution: polyamorous genies Февраль 03, 2015 - 6:24pm [4 года назад]
via: peisistratos
source: megallica
104 641 заметка Показать другие заметки Загрузка...
What Did We Do
by Michael Seethaler
Artwork by Alexa Gaffaney
I've been raised up and taught about this prude
Who would be God if he did what he claimed to
He told everyone that he was the king of the Jews
And they said no, we're going to kill you
Some beard who preached against greed and lust,
Were these miracles real? They sound ridiculous.
People on both sides, I don't know who to trust.
Wait, if we killed God, what does that make us?
I've been taught that he died specifically for me
It sounds more like a power struggle that derived from envy
A strange bearded man said that he owned humanity
Well they crucified him to say we're not subservient to thee
I would have joined and done the same thing
Nail him down, hang him up, to suffocate on a tree
Because the only one who gets to say what I should do is me
His era is over, time for the dynasty of we
So humanity evolved passed god? You may disagree
But there's only so many things you can call this mutiny
So close the fancy doors and throw away the church key
Because we don't want to worship this god trainee
Who's God now?
Michael Grunwald is a senior staff writer for Politico Magazine.
If you're curious just what kind of risks the US government is taking with its $3.3 trillion in loan programs — a portfolio considerably larger and significantly stranger than any private bank's — the best place to start is the Federal Credit Supplement, an obscure batch of tables stashed in the back of the annual White House budget proposal.
When it was released earlier this month, the 95-page supplement revealed a wealth of data about the growing costs of federal credit programs, which deal with everything from historically black colleges to boll weevil eradication to Pacific ground fishermen. For instance, it projects that taxpayers will recover 46 cents on every dollar loaned to renovate rural apartment complexes, but will earn a 24-cent profit on every dollar loaned for Indian tribe land acquisition. Its suggests that risky U.S. loan guarantees for biorefineries and Ukraine are actually getting somewhat safer. It's where I recently discovered a surprise $21.8 billion shortfall in the federal student loan program.
Story Continued Below
But the weirdest number lurking in this year's credit supplement was in Table 3, where the White House budget office explains the assumptions behind its cost estimates for various loan programs. What caught my eye was the default rate for an Agriculture Department program called Broadband Treasury Rate Loans: 116.37 percent.
A default rate above 100%? Was that a typo?
It was not a typo.
So what was it? The average default rate for bank loans is about 3 percent. The troubled student loan program has lifetime default rates around 25 percent. How on earth could a credit program, even a risky one, get to 116 percent? Were the recipients defaulting en masse, then stealing an extra 16 percent from the Treasury?
The explanation I eventually got from the Obama administration was not that damning. But it wasn't exactly comforting, either. The crazy number was apparently produced by flawed execution of a flawed model of a flawed program. In reality, the Agriculture Department expects to recover about 80 cents of every dollar it lends to telecoms to extend high-speed Internet to underserved rural areas. Administration officials couldn't pinpoint the actual default rate, but it's much lower than 116%. They say the main culprits for that wrong number were a radically overbroad definition of “default,” as well as some inappropriate double-counting.
Basically, it's complicated, which is true of all federal credit programs—which is a problem with federal credit programs.
“Very few people pay attention to this stuff,” says Roman Iwachiw, a financial analyst whose Washington consultancy helps government agencies and banks grapple with federal credit programs. “If more people read the credit supplement, the government would have a better incentive to make the numbers make sense.”
The loan program in question, created during the George W. Bush administration, is part of a larger rural broadband effort the Agriculture Department describes as a 21 st century version of the New Deal's rural electrification, linking Americans who don't live near cities to one of the necessities of modern life. The Obama administration says it has brought new or improved high-speed Internet to 1.5 million rural Americans since 2009, increasing their productivity, expanding their access to quality health care and education, and reducing the “digital divide.” The case for government assistance—and it's largely a bipartisan case—is that it's often unprofitable for the private sector to extend service to sparsely populated areas.
Unfortunately, loans to private firms pursuing unprofitable activities don't always get paid back. Last year, a Government Accountability Office review of the broadband program's first 100 loans, totaling almost $2 billion, revealed serious problems; 18 had already defaulted, and another 25 had been rescinded before any money went out. The feds had lost $78 million on a single 2008 loan to Open Range Communications, a wireless provider that went bankrupt in 2011. And the GAO found that the Agriculture Department had no idea why its loans were going bad or which kind of loans were likely to go bad in the future; it didn't even have performance measures to determine whether the program was achieving its goals.
“It was clear they didn't have a handle on why they had such a significant failure rate,” says Mark Goldstein, GAO's director for physical infrastructure.
However, that “significant” failure rate wasn't anywhere near 116 percent. That surreal number emerged from an Agriculture Department economic model for the broadband loan program. There is no standard cost model for the government's 120 or so credit programs; the dozen Cabinet departments that oversee them develop their own models for their own programs. And Agriculture Department officials acknowledge that the model for their 2015 default rate had some glaring errors, which were apparently spotted by outside accountants at Ernst & Young.
“We had a faulty model that created some double-counting,” says USDA spokesman David Sandretti. “It was a mistake, but it's been resolved.”
In fact, because of the tweaks to the model, the Obama budget projects a default rate of just under 70 percent for 2016. Which is still absurdly high—and which administration officials say isn't quite right, either. Even if you set aside the double-counting problem that's been fixed, the entry for broadband loans in the column headed “Default Rate” is really a combination of defaults and delinquencies. And it's calculated by accounting for missed interest payments as well as the original loan amounts, which explains how it could have risen above 100 percent. Budget officials say the broadband program gives its borrowers unusual leeway to restructure loans if they're having financial problems, so when late payments are counted as defaults, the default rate explodes.
“These numbers are exaggerated, and it's important to be careful when you look at them,” one White House budget official told me.
My questions about the 116% led to an odd conversation with the White House officials, who at times suggested that the weird number in the credit supplement demonstrated their commitment to transparency, and at times suggested that it was silly to expect numbers in a supplement that hardly anyone reads to reflect reality. They sounded annoyed that I had cherry-picked an embarrassing statistic, and implied that if I were a budget expert I would have known the default rate was not a default rate.
Still, the rural broadband program does have a high default rate, although no one could tell me exactly how high; the program's new “credit subsidy score,” a proxy for the estimated cost of its defaults over time, is 21.87 percent. The USDA's Sandretti said the Obama administration has stepped up its monitoring of the program, checking in with every borrower every month. It is also making fewer loans—only eight in the first five years under Obama, versus ninety in the last five years under Bush—and none of them have defaulted. The larger point, he said, is that families who live in the country deserve online connections as fast as the ones in cities and suburbs, even if some of the broadband loans end up going bad.
“Clearly, we want to make sure we're good stewards of taxpayer dollars,” Sandretti said. “But high-speed Internet access is as essential to economic health in this century as electricity was in the 20 th century, and rural America isn't going to get it through the private sector alone. If it were easy, someone would've done it already.”
Ultimately, the 116 percent figure in the Federal Credit Supplement may tell us less about broadband loans in particular than about the government's massive loan portfolio in general. It's hard for insiders and nearly impossible for outsiders to figure out how much various programs will cost, or what kind of assumptions lie behind those cost estimates. It's not surprising that the government has to hire consultants like Roman Iwachiw and accountants like Ernst & Young to help interpret its own rules and its own numbers.
“From the outside, it definitely looks complicated and arcane,” Iwachiw says. “It's not designed to make it easy for the general public to understand.”
It's been a long—but fabulous—week. If you missed 43 Things to do in Detroit before You're Dead yesterday, be sure to check it out.
Now, get out there and enjoy Detroit!
Weekend Roundup
1. Zoo Boo - Head to the Detroit Zoo for a "merry-not-scary" celebration complete with trick-or-treating, entertainment and a haunted reptile house. October 12—14, 19—21, & 26—28.
2. LEGO KidsFest - It's time to build! Hands-on, interactive and educational activities featuring our favorite building blocks. Miniature and life-size models built of legos, a building academy and more. October 12—14.
3. Tashmoo Biergarten - It's opening weekend at our favorite beer garden in the West Village. Enjoy craft beer and a great community. October 13—14.
4. East English Village home tour - Tour this upper Eastside neighborhood featuring a walk-through of 12 properties, decor showrooms and entertainment. October 14th.
5. Great Lakes Regional Chili Cookoff - Kellogg Park in downtown Plymouth hosts this fundraiser. Taste different varieties of chili, entertainment & a motorcycle show. October 14th.
Do you know of a great event going on in Metro Detroit this weekend? Add it to the comments and share it with us!
