Every community in the UK has been stunned and saddened by the unimaginable horrors we have faced in recent weeks. Tragically, the holiest month in the Muslim calendar has this year been shattered by a series of devastating incidents. British Muslims universally condemned the London Bridge attackers for their cowardly actions during Ramadan.
Just last week Muslims, awake having broken their fast, saved lives by hammering on doors to wake neighbours as the Grenfell Tower fire took hold in the early hours. Mosques opened their doors to victims of all faiths as part of the incredible community response. And now – in the final days of Ramadan – the Muslim community has been rocked by the attack in Finsbury Park.
This is another attack on Britain and – like the tragic events that came before – it unites us all in grief and anger. We must not let hate win. It is vital, now more than ever, that we stand together and do not allow people who seek to use hate to divide us to succeed.
After Finsbury Park, Britain must tackle its preachers of anti-Muslim hate | Nesrine Malik Read more
I have been saddened to see suggestions that this cowardly crime is not being dealt with in the same way as the Westminster Bridge, Manchester or London Bridge attacks. Let there be no doubt this attack is every bit as horrifying as the others we have seen. Our grief is no less raw. When this van targeted innocent people tending to a man who had been taken ill, police were on the scene and responded within one minute. Within eight minutes they had declared it a terrorist attack.
My thoughts are now with the victims of this outrage, their families and the Muslim community. In recent times Muslims have been quick to show solidarity and support victims of other attacks, and it is now time to extend the same hand of friendship to them. Other faiths have already been quick to express their shock and lend their support.
But we must not stop there. This is not just about warm words. Muslims must feel safe and we are working together to tackle hate crime as well as all forms of extremism. This is something in which all of us have a part to play. We must unite the might of community spirit and the full force of the law to ensure every person in the UK is protected. Let there be no doubt we will be tough on terror wherever it strikes. And last night's attack was terrorism.
The prime minister has made clear that we will be reviewing our counter-terrorism strategy and ensuring that police and security services have the powers they need. In December, I proscribed National Action – the first extreme rightwing group to be banned as a terrorist organisation. A new commission for countering extremism will be set up to tackle those who seek to erode the shared values that make this country great.
Sadly, indicative figures suggest that over half of those who experience hate because of their religion are Muslim. Any hate crime is unacceptable but this stark figure is something we will not shy away from. We know there is a problem and it is something we have been working to address.
Last year I published the government's hate crime action plan and launched a £2.4m fund to provide protective security for places of worship that are at risk of hate crimes. Many mosques have already benefitted and we will continue to extend the scheme to others.
Britain has some of the strongest legislation in the world to tackle hate crime, and anyone responsible will face the full force of the law. We encourage people to report any hate crime incident to the police, the True Vision website or Tell MAMA. All reports will be taken seriously.
The threat from the far right is as corrosive as the twisted Islamist ideologies so many Muslims have spoken out against. Legislation alone is not enough to tackle this vile manifestation of hate. Our Building a Stronger Britain Together programme provides support to groups tacking all forms of extremism. We are working in schools and communities to protect young people from extremist ideologies. We have set up the first ever cross-government working group on anti-Muslim hatred. But that does not mean there is no more to do. I have been moved by the stories of those who witnessed the carnage at Finsbury Park and have listened to their concerns.
The scale of the policing operation has been enhanced to protect and reassure communities across the country. This will continue for as long as it is needed.
Muslim communities are working closely with the government to combat Islamophobia and ensure that people have the support and protection they need.
This attack was designed to cause pain. In that it has succeeded. We are devastated, but our grief is shared and it has brought us closer together. This cowardly attacker – and those responsible for the other atrocities that have bruised but not broken the heart of this great nation – has failed in his mission to divide us.
Britain has united to send a strong message to anyone who seeks to peddle hate. Together we are stronger. Together we can beat hate. Together we stand with the Muslim community – you are not alone, we share your pain and we will not let you down.
Introduction:
Secondary handbrake systems have many advantages and only a few minor disadvantages to in-line hydraulic handbrakes. The main disadvantage of full secondary systems is added unsprung weight. With lightweight parts like wilwood calipers, this is mitigated fairly well.
In contrast, in-line hydraulic handbrakes tap into the existing braking system. This adds complexity and risk to the factory brakes by adding more points of possible failure. There is a chance of uneven brake pressures front to rear if the regular brakes and the in-line hydraulic brakes are used simultaneously.
No matter the debate, a full secondary system is preferable to in-line. This is a generic tutorial for the E30 but only minor changes are needed for any vehicle.
Parts:
Wilwood 120-9689 dual pistol calipers (buy two)
Wilwood GTO brake line kit wil-220-8756 (optional)
Wilwood grabby pads (only need to buy one)
Sikky handbrake with 5/8″ Master cylinder
2 psi residual pressure valve
A way to mount the calipers
Spare factory soft lines
Various metric hard lines, fittings, and one T fitting
How To:
To start, a handle and master cylinder should be chosen. ASD and Sikky both make basic handles that come with housings and your choice of master cylinder. Master cylinder sizing is of the utmost importance. The usual choice is between a 3/4″ or 5/8″ bore. The larger bore (3/4″) pushes more fluid but will take more effort. The positive side is that it will require less distance on depression to lock the wheels. The 5/8″ will be physically easier to actuate but may require a larger pull of the handle to lock the wheels. There is lots of math that goes into cylinder sizing but ASD has a nice Master cylinder sizing chart. These rely on the type of caliper being used in order to size the master properly.
The next part is really personal preference. The guys at Sikky sent me a banjo bolt for the wilwood master with a -3 AN soft stainless steel line. This saved me from having to manually bend hard lines, makes maintenance 100x easier, and made the installation look much cleaner. With it, they gave me a little adapter that works to my hard lines. I purposefully did my entire install with metric hard lines that can be found at any auto parts store. The wilwood caliper came with a double flare fitting but everything in my installation is a bubble flare.
Soon after my master there is a 2 psi residual pressure valve. This is standard in most disc braking systems. This keeps just enough pressure in the line that pumping the lever isn't necessary to use the brakes but not enough to drag the brakes.
Once the line exits the body of the vehicle, a T fitting is used to split the output to each wheel. Since E30 trailing arms have a significant amount of movement, soft lines are used. For this I used upgraded factory stainless steel hard lines that I had spare. This way, the hard lines aren't fatigued when the vehicle goes over bumps. This soft line leads into a short hard line and back into an adapter for the final -3 AN line from the GTO stainless steel brake line package from wilwood. This was used because it came with a 90 degree NPT fitting for the wilwood calipers and was adapted for the metric hard lines.
Finally, the choice of calipers was the same kind from the Massive Lee E30 handbrake kit. For different cars, different rotor diameters and thicknesses should be taken into account. The wilwood pads chosen were due to biting hard while cold as drifting shouldn't ever overheat the pads. The Massive Lee caliper mounting kit removes the factory drum handbrake so I opted to have custom brackets welded to the bottom of the factory trailing arms. The bottom of the trailing arms is the only place that has a good flat spot for mounting. The downside is that bleeding requires unbolting the calipers and moving them to prevent air pockets.
Fyre Festival: Promoter of Ja Rule's 'disaster' music festival arrested on fraud charge
Posted
The promoter behind a failed music festival in the Bahamas that cost more than $US12,000 a ticket has been arrested in New York on a wire fraud charge.
Billy McFarland was charged with scheming to defraud investors in his company, Fyre Media, and the Fyre Festival that was supposed to take place on the island of Exuma over two weekends in April and May.
McFarland and his business partner, rapper Ja Rule, are already facing more than a dozen lawsuits filed by ticket buyers and investors in the festival.
The Fyre Festival was billed as an ultra-luxurious event with headliners including Blink-182 and hip-hop act Migos, but performers bowed out and organisers were forced to cancel the show.
Acting US attorney Joon Kim said McFarland presented fake documents to convince investors to put more than $US1 million into his company and the failed festival.
"[McFarland] promised a 'life-changing' music festival but in actuality delivered a disaster," Mr Kim said.
An attorney who has represented McFarland did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Attendees paid more than $US12,000 for the weekend event, but arrived to mass disorganisation at the half-built music festival site.
A statement from organisers cited "circumstances out of our control" for the inability to prepare the "physical infrastructure" for the event.
Photos on social media showed tents, wooden stalls and portable toilets had been brought in for the festival, rather than the luxury facilities that were advertised.
A lawsuit filed in May in Los Angeles said the festival was "nothing more than a get-rich-quick scam" akin to a Ponzi scheme.
Ja Rule, whose real name is Jeffrey Atkins, has not been arrested.
McFarland, 25, is expected to appear before a federal magistrate judge over the weekend.
He faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison if convicted.
AP
Topics: carnivals-and-festivals, business-economics-and-finance, law-crime-and-justice, music, united-states, bahamas
New York University attracts figures of international stature with the promise that the university is a rewarding place to work. Less well known is how rewarding it can be to leave.
That fact came into view after President Obama nominated Jacob J. Lew, a former executive vice president of N.Y.U., to lead the Treasury Department. (The Senate confirmed his nomination last week.) In 2006, the university acknowledged, it awarded him a $685,000 bonus as he was leaving to take a position at Citigroup, an unusual payment for someone who was leaving voluntarily, especially at a nonprofit institution.
But Mr. Lew is not the only one who received a sizable parting gift.
According to an N.Y.U. tax return, Dr. Harold S. Koplewicz, a psychiatrist who had served as an executive at N.Y.U. Medical Center and founded N.Y.U.'s Child Study Center, received a payment of $1,230,000 in the 2009-10 fiscal year, around the time he left to found the Child Mind Institute, a competing organization.
If virtual currency is your thing, and Bitcoin is getting just too respectable for your tastes, you now have a new option: dogecoin.
The new virtual currency was apparently launched as a prank, but has begun to attract followers. There is even Dogemarket, a Reddit community dedicated to trading dogecoin, TheVerge notes.
While dogecoin may finally be getting some notice, it isn't nearly as valuable as virtual currency rival bitcoin, whose value has swung widely lately. Dogecoin currently trades at $0.00023. By contrast bitcoins are trading at over $700.
Still, the dogecoin movement may be growing with websites like Dogecoin.org and an official web home looking to persuade more online users to try the virtual currency and bitcoin alternative.
While dogecoin is just beginning its rise, virtual currency bitcoin is facing opposition from some regulators. China's central bank recently ruled that bitcoin currency doesn't have the same legal status as other currencies and forbade Chinese banks from trading in the virtual currency, sending its value tumbling.
I've gotten this one in an accusatory tone several times, as though overtly ruling the world is the only possible thing the magi could want to do with their time. I'm being a bad little author by expounding on this, especially since many things about the magi will be made quite clear in The Republic of Thieves, but consider-- if they don't rule the world, what might be holding them back? Is their power perhaps not as omnipotent as they'd have others believe? Or do they suffer from internal strife concerning the destiny of their organization?
Who or what were the Eldren, and what happened to them?
Oooh, great questions. And if anyone ever finds out the answer, please write me! I'm eager to know myself. Is it true that Locke's name has something to do with a video game?
Locke's first name is an homage to a character in SquareSoft's Final Fantasy VI, also known as Final Fantasy III in the United States. This game had a huge influence on me when I was in my mid-teens; I think it's one of the most brilliant and heartbreaking console roleplaying games ever created, a real work of art. Are there any special tricks to pronouncing Camorri names?
Well, the 'e' in 'Locke' is absolutely silent, which is rare and special. Nine times out of ten, an 'e' at the very end of a Camorri name is pronounced as '-ay.' For example, 'Nicovante' is 'Nee-coh-vaun-tay,' and 'Evante' is 'Ev-aun-tay.' 'Jean' is 'Zhaun,' in the French fashion, rather than 'Jeen.' What's the difference between "Throne Therin" and "the Therin Throne?"
The Therin Throne was the common name of the empire that was once comprised of all the most powerful city-states on the southern half of the continent on which Locke lives. Throne Therin was its high courtly language. The 'contemporary' Therin tongue, as Locke speaks it, isn't actually descended from Throne Therin; rather, Throne Therin was a tarted-up version of plain Therin intended to show how elite and refined its speakers were. Okay. So Therin is spoken, more or less the same language, all over the place, right?
With regional dialects and accents, sure. Then how come the Therin language contains some words/phrases that are obviously French-derived, some that are obviously Italian, and so forth? How can "Vel Virazzo" and "Salon Corbeau," for example, be names in the same language?
Therin is an 'acquisitive' language, much like English, if not even grabbier. Its current form is cobbled together from several dozen languages that existed centuries in Locke's past; it's contained so many foreign phrasings for so long that they've become universally understood. Ooooh. You really dodged the fall of the axe on that question, didn't you?
Yeah, I kinda did. Hey, Tolkien was the guy that spoke seventeen languages. As for me, I... I'm, um, really good at Final Fantasy VI. CONTACT SCOTT All site contents copyright 2007 Scott Lynch.
Site uses images and trade dress designed by Benjamin Carre; © Bragelonne 2007
Unauthorized reproduction and similar monkey business expressly forbidden.
Why are you reading this fine print? You could be outside, learning ninjutsu.
Figure 2: Yearly cost per mile of various vehicles based on number of miles driven Source: American Automobile Association
According to the AAA, the average person spends $8,849 per year for the privilege of driving. The numbers also don't include the cost of parking. (To read more, see Getting a Grip on the Cost of Gas.)
Minimize Your Costs
Regardless of how much you spend on your car each year, less is always better. Although eliminating all spending on transportation isn't practical or possible for most people, there are steps that can be taken to keep your costs low.
For starters, if you don't drive much, leasing a vehicle may be right for you. (Read Pros and Cons of Leasing Vs Buying a Vehicle to learn how leasing a car can help you to minimize your monthly costs.)
If public transportation goes to the places that you need to be, you should seriously consider its merits. Not only does somebody else do the driving, but taking public transportation can often reduce your monthly transportation expenditures by a significant amount. Buses, trains, subways and vanpools all provide relatively inexpensive alternatives to driving yourself to work.
Carpools are another great option. Just because you own a car doesn't mean you always need to drive it. Taking turns with a friend can save you money on the average gas cost per year, and save wear and tear on your vehicle.
If you work odd shifts or can't access public transportation, you might have no choice but to own and use your own vehicle. If that's the case, think small. Remember those numbers you looked at earlier? Driving a small sedan is likely to cost in the neighborhood of 50.5 cents per mile versus 81.5 cents for a gas-guzzling SUV, which amounts to a 30% savings per year! It's also a good move for the environment and, since you have to breathe the air too, a good move for your health. (Interested in buying a true gas sipper? Read Hybrids: Friends or Financial Foes?)
Similarly, don't pay for an eight-cylinder engine when four cylinders will work just fine. Unless you're hauling heavy loads on a routine basis, the extra cost of a bigger engine results in more money spent on gasoline.
Whatever you are driving, make a conscious effort to drive it less frequently. Walking or biking to local destinations is good for your health and good for your budget. When you do drive, consolidate your trips. Go to the shopping center, the bank and the dry cleaner all in the same trip instead of making three separate trips.
Conclusion
Paris – The president of the Paris climate change conference, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius, released today a new draft text of the prospective universal climate accord being negotiated here. It has been cut down from 48 to 29 pages with core agreement numbering 14 pages. While some options have been whittled down, it is still filled with bracketed texts indicating that negotiators have yet to agree on some of the biggest outstanding issues. So what's in play?
Temperature
The section dealing with the purpose of the agreement lists three options for the ultimate year 2100 temperature goal. The first would commit countries to working to keep future temperature increases below 2°C above pre-industrial levels. The second would aim for keeping them “well below” 2°C above pre-industrial levels and to rapidly scale up global efforts to limit temperature increase to below 1.5°C. And the third option would set the goal at holding temperatures below 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels.
The 1.5°C limit is being championed by small island states that fear that rising seas spurred by man-made global warming will engulf their homelands sometime during this century unless the world adopts this more stringent goal. Keep in mind that the world has already warmed by about 1°C since the pre-industrial era. U.S. Special Representative Todd Stern has said that the U.S. would like to work out some language that would recognize the 1.5°C goal in the agreement. This suggests that U.S. negotiators are backing the second option.
Long-Term Goal
Activists are pushing to set a long-term goal in the accord. One option aims at setting a concrete goal such as “peaking of global greenhouse gas emissions as soon as possible” or reducing global emissions by 70-95 percent below 2010 levels by 2050, or achieving “net zero greenhouse gas emissions [by the end][after the middle] of the century.” Option two more generally commits signatories to realizing whatever temperature goal is adopted through “a long-term global low emissions [transformation toward [climate neutrality][decarbonization]]over the course of this century informed by best available science.” (I include some bracketed text to give readers an idea of what's still up for grabs.) In general the activists prefer the numerical goals. They argue that such a goal is easier to monitor and will send a strong signal to businesses and investors that the fossil fuel era is fast coming to a close.
Reporting and Accountability
The rich countries want all countries to set clear quantified emissions targets and be bound by the same system of monitoring, reporting and verification. Some poor countries favor language that says the least developed countries “may communicate” whatever they're doing with regard to climate change “at their discretion.” In any case, poor countries want rich countries to agree to pick up the tab for any efforts they make toward monitoring, reporting, and verifying their greenhouse gas emissions.
The U.S. is also arguing for establishing a regular five year review and update cycle to see how countries are doing with respect to fulfilling their pledges starting in 2020 when the new accord comes into effect. This is being resisted by some countries, say China, on the grounds that they have already set their 2030 goals.
Adaptation
The idea is that there is now no way to avoid a certain amount of future warming, so countries will have to adapt to it. Since most of the text describes various reporting and planning activities, very little of it has been bracketed. To give readers a sense of how these documents work I include this bit of text from the adaptation section:
Parties acknowledge that adaptation action should follow a country-driven, gender-responsive, participatory and fully transparent approach, taking into consideration vulnerable groups, communities and ecosystems, and should be based on and guided by the best available science and, as appropriate, traditional, indigenous peoples knowledge and local knowledge systems, with a view to integrating adaptation into relevant socioeconomic and environmental policies and actions, where appropriate.
Since this text is not bracketed, this likely to make it into final accord.
On the other hand, a whole section devoted to establishing some kind of sustainable development mechanism is bracketed. “Mechanism” is a term of art that usually means that rich country governments are committed to giving poor country governments cash for some allegedly worthy activity or other.
Money, Money, Money
The longest section of the draft accord deals with the issues of loss and damage and climate finance. The idea behind climate loss and damage is that it occurs despite emissions reductions that aim to keep temperatures low and efforts to adapt to the warming that does occur. Loss and damage can result from severe weather events like typhoons or slower changes such sea level rise.
Poor countries and activists at the conference insist that the lost and damage section does not impose liability and the obligation to compensate poor countries for climate disasters. Nevertheless rich countries are strongly resisting inclusion of this concept in the accord because they understand that such provisions have tendency to metastasize into international shakedown bureaucracies. Consequently, the whole section is bracketed.
About the section on finance, let's just say that there is still a lot to discuss and agree on. Way back in 1992, the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change divided the world into two groups; rich countries that agreed to do something about their greenhouse gas emissions and poor countries, including China and India, that had no obligations to do anything at all. The world has changed since then; notably China's GDP has grown more than 20-fold. Many poor countries, nevertheless, want to maintain this distinction and make the same set of rich countries solely responsible for forking over climate financing to them after 2020. The U.S. wants to recognize the new realities by inserting language in the accord that says that “all parties” can provide climate finance to poor countries “in line with their respective and evolving responsibilities and capabilities.” Here's looking at you China!
In addition, poor countries want rich countries to “provide [new,][additional,] [adequate,] [predictable,][accessible,][sustained] and [scaled-up] financial resources to assist developing country Parties with respect to both mitigation and adaptation.” They essentially want all of the brackets lifted from this long row of adjectives. At the failed 2009 Copenhagen climate conference, President Obama promised that the rich countries would “mobilize” $100 billion per year in climate finance by 2020. Provisions in the text treat this amount as merely a “floor” above which more should be supplied in the coming years.
Those are some highlights from the current draft. There is supposed to be a clean text by tomorrow (Thursday), but nobody really believes that. It's likely to be a long weekend.
Note: I am filing daily dispatches from the Paris climate change conference, and I will keep readers apprised of who gets what out of the climate accord when (and if) it's completed.
Open Whisper Systems
If you own an iPhone or Android handset and care about your privacy, there's no longer much of an excuse not to encrypt every conversation you have. Now a free, zero-learning-curve app exists for both text and voice that can keep those communications fully encrypted, so that no one but the person holding the phone on the other end can decipher your words.
On Monday the open-source encryption software group Open Whisper Systems announced a new upgrade to Signal, its iOS app that enables end-to-end encrypted voice calling. With the update, Signal will end-to-end encrypt text messaging, too. And in WIRED's testing of that updated all-in-one app, it's just as idiot-proof as the two most basic, lime-green iPhone communication buttons it replaces.
“The objective is to be a complete, transparent replacement for secure communications,” says Open Whisper Systems founder Moxie Marlinspike. “We want to have a texting and calling experience that's actually better than the default experience and is also private.”
In fact, the Signal update completes a suite of mobile encryption apps that Marlinspike has been developing for nearly five years. In May of 2010, Marlinspike released Redphone and Textsecure for Android, two apps that enabled end-to-end encrypted voice calls (using VoIP and the ZRTP protocol developed by PGP creator Phil Zimmermann) and text messages. But users of those apps could communicate only with other Redphone and TextSecure users, leaving iPhone users in the cold. Soon after, Marlinspike's startup Whisper Systems was acquired by Twitter, putting his encryption app work on a two-year hiatus.
>Users of the two biggest smartphone operating systems can finally both call and text each other with encryption that foils virtually any eavesdropper.
Marlinspike left Twitter in 2013, and in July of 2014 his newly recreated Open Whisper Systems released Signal, a free voice-calling app that's interoperable with Redphone. That meant iPhone users could have free, secure voice conversations with their Android owning-friends (and each other). Today's update includes TextSecure's functionality, too, so that users of the two biggest smartphone operating systems can finally both call and text each other with encryption that foils virtually any eavesdropper.
Before Signal, the only widely used end-to-end encrypted calling and texting app for iPhone was Silent Circle, which was aimed mostly at corporate users and cost between $13 and $40 a month compared with Signal's free service.
It's important to note that Apple's own iMessage uses end-to-end encryption, too. But the security community has long warned that iMessage's closed-sourced approach may include vulnerabilities that could allow snooping. Signal, unlike iMessage, lets users check the fingerprints of each other's keys (with a long press on the user's contact name) to verify that they're not sending their messages to some man-in-the-middle who stealthily passes them on to the intended recipient. iMessage doesn't let you verify those public keys of the people you're communicating with, potentially leaving you open to man-in-the-middle attacks by Apple or any government agency that forces its cooperation.
“It's possible that anyone in control of Apple's servers could intercept your communication without you knowing it,” says Marlinspike. iMessage also lacks a feature built into Signal called “perfect forward secrecy,” which changes the encryption key with every message so that codebreakers would have to crack each one individually.
The best feature of Signal is that despite its heavy security and new texting functionality, it remains just as simple as the iPhone's default calling and texting apps. Marlinspike says that Open Whisper System's usability is the focus of most of the group's efforts. “In many ways the crypto is the easy part,” he told WIRED when Signal launched last year. “The hard part is developing a product that people are actually going to use and want to use.”
Porting TextSecure to the iPhone opens it up to millions more potential users. But it's already seen impressive adoption on Android: the standalone TextSecure app has been downloaded to about 500,000 Android phones. It also got a boost of about 10 million users when it was integrated as the default texting app in the Cyanogenmod version of Android in late 2013. And it got another gigantic bump last year when Whatsapp turned on TextSecure for its half-billion-plus Android users, in what's likely the largest end-to-end encrypted messaging system of all time.
With partnerships like those, TextSecure may have the potential to serve as the protocol for practically all encrypted messaging in the mobile era. Now iPhone users are finally invited to the privacy party, too. Better five years late than never.
Letter to the editor. (Photo: Times graphic)
Liberals don't want to take your guns. All liberals want to do is to enforce gun restrictions to insure a psychopath won't have easy, legal access to buy a gun.
To purchase a gun, one should have to go through a background check to prove they are mentally stable and responsible enough to safely own a gun.
Statistics show that the majority of people who buy a gun for self-defense are less than 1 percent likely to actually use the gun for its intended purpose. That means placing certain restrictions on laws regarding conceal-and-carry permits would not affect the safety of the general population.
Also, if someone is not a felon or dangerous criminal, and would pass any background checks, they have no moral reason to object to any extensive checks to insure safety of the general population.
Even though conservatives would make the argument that people who want guns badly enough would be able to buy one anyway, the fact is that it would be much more difficult for said person to obtain the weapon.
Guns are fantastic when used properly, safely and legally. To prevent a complete ban on guns, we should allow stricter background checks to provide a safer environment for the country.
Read or Share this story: https://www.sctimes.com/story/opinion/2016/11/01/gun-laws-increase-safety-take-guns/93119666/
Mr. Arzt, the funeral home's spokesman in the matter, said, “All aspects of the situation were shared with the appropriate government regulating agencies, and therefore we cannot say anything further.” On Monday, he added that the McDonald family would be reimbursed for all costs, and that the family of the other woman was never charged for her cremation.
The director of Woodlawn Cemetery, David Ison, declined to comment. A spokesman for the Division of Cemeteries said there was no indication that the crematory violated any regulation; crematories cannot open coffins without good cause under state law, relying on funeral directors to provide the identity of the remains.
The McDonald family has, until now, told few people about what happened. Leroy McDonald said the people he had told had the same reply: “I knew it!”
Errol McDonald has heard similar responses, with friends and relatives telling him they thought something was wrong, but, as they put it, “I didn't want to say anything.”
Leroy McDonald claimed Ms. McDonald's remains, leaving McCall's with a parting shot that day: “I said, ‘You sure this is my mother now?'”
Dear MLSsoccer.com Supporter,
First, a question: Have you seen the way the playoff chase is shaping up? Other than San Jose, just about every club is in some kind of dogfight. Sporting KC locked down their ticket to the postseason on Friday night, but Houston, D.C., and Columbus are scrambling to secure their ticket to the dance. And oh yeah, don't forget about Chicago and New York. They might have something to say about all of this too.
In the West, Vancouver and Dallas are battling for the 5th and final playoff spot, while LA, RSL and Seattle are in a three-way tussle to avoid the wild card match – and potentially a date with the Quakes in the next round.
Here at MLSsoccer.com, we're getting ready for all of the excitement as the clubs fight for the trophy. We're going to have incredibly deep and broad coverage of the race to bring it home.
But at the same time, we're also already thinking about 2013. Every year, we do our MLSsoccer.com Customer Satisfaction Survey, asking you, our users, to rate the site and help us improve your experience across all of our digital properties. What do you like? What could be better? How should we change? How do we compare against the competition?
And we're not just paying lip service here. This isn't some marketing project. Each year, we take the feedback we get and make real changes. For example, last year we learned that you wanted better navigation, so we improved our navigation bar and added more dropdown menus. Many users asked for more tactical analysis, so we launched new features such as the Anatomy of a Goal and Between the Lines video series.
So without further ado, here's this year's MLSsoccer.com Customer Satisfaction Survey.
Yours in soccer,
Greg Lalas
MLSsoccer.com Editor-in-Chief
The majority of south-east Queensland motorists do not know how to indicate on roundabouts, a survey by RACQ has found.
The peak motoring body audited multiple roundabouts in Nambour on the Sunshine Coast and Sunnybank in Brisbane, examining more than 800 cars which passed late last year.
They chose traditional roundabouts, which did not include extra tricks such as slip lanes, to try and give drivers a sporting chance.
They found 60 per cent got it wrong.
Most did not indicate at all, others did so but at the wrong time.
The study also found that drivers were copying what the car in front of them was doing, even if they were incorrect.
RACQ's Lauren Ritchie said they decided to do the study after their members complained year-in, year-out about their roundabout peeves.
"It makes the top 10 every year," Ms Ritchie said.
"Unfortunately the stats show that we are just not very good.
"Indicating incorrectly may appear to be a minor traffic infringement but it can have a huge impact while you're out on the road, especially to frustration levels of other motorists."
Ms Ritchie said drivers need to brush up on their basics and remember what they learnt to get their licence.
The Queensland road rules require motorists to indicate before entering a roundabout if proceeding immediately left, going right or performing a u-turn.
They are always required to indicate left when exiting a roundabout if practicable.
Failing to signal properly on roundabouts can lead to a $73 fine and two demerit points.
"We would like to see the police going at and looking at these roundabouts which are of concern," she said.
"Some roundabouts are tricker than others.
"They are the ones we should be looking out for and make sure people are doing the right thing."
The Californian lifestyle brand Neff has just launched their newest collaboration. After having already worked together with living artists such as Snoop Dogg, Steve Aoki, Deadmau5 and 2 Chainz they are no working with the designs of the New York graffiti icon Jean-Michel Basquiat. The amazing art, and life, of the late Jean-Michel Basquiat has been an inspiration to many of today's artists, musicians, and tastemakers. His signature graffiti style was respected in both the art world and the neighborhoods in which he began his art career. Neff has captured this fusion of art and life into the Jean-Michel Basquiat Collection by Neff. “Art is my passion and personal vice,” says Shaun Neff (founder). “To be able to associate our brand with the incredible art of Jean-Michael Basquiat is truly an honor.” Basquiat's signature style, and some of his most iconic designs, can be found in this collection featuring three tee shirts and a crew neck sweater available now at PacSun. Check out some of the pictures from their campaign photo-shoot below:
Jean Michel Basquiat – Background
Jean-Michel Basquiat was born in Brooklyn, New York, on December 22, 1960. With a Haitian-American father and a Puerto Rican mother, Basquiat's diverse cultural heritage was one of his many sources of inspiration. A self-taught artist, Basquiat began drawing at an early age on sheets of paper his father, an accountant, brought home from the office. As he delved deeper into his creative side, his mother strongly encouraged to pursue artistic talents. Basquiat first attracted attention for his graffiti in New York City in the late 1970s, under the name “SAMO.” Working with a close friend, he tagged subway trains and Manhattan buildings with cryptic aphorisms. In 1977, Basquiat quit high school a year before he was slated to graduate. To make ends meet, he sold sweatshirts and postcards featuring his artwork on the streets of his native New York.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Christine Lagarde was speaking at the National Press Club, in Washington
The head of the International Monetary Fund has warned about the risks to global economic recovery of deflation.
Christine Lagarde said that "optimism is in the air" about growth, but the recovery is still "fragile".
"If inflation is the genie, then deflation is the ogre that must be fought decisively," she said in a speech in Washington.
Earlier, the World Bank said that the global economy was at a "turning point" but "remained vulnerable".
"We see rising risks of deflation, which could prove disastrous for the recovery," Ms Lagarde said at the National Press.
There has, for example, been growing debate about whether deflation might take hold in the eurozone, where inflation remains persistently below the European Central Bank's target.
Deflation can reduce personal consumption as people wait for prices to fall further, and discourage investment because it can raise the real cost of borrowing.
Ms Lagarde also warned about the volatility that could accompany the US Federal Reserve's gradual withdrawal of monetary stimulus.
"Overall, the direction is positive, but global growth is still too low, too fragile, and too uneven," she said.
Also on Wednesday, the World Bank said in its annual report that richer countries appeared to be "finally turning a corner" after the financial crisis.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The World Bank's Andrew Burns forecasts stronger growth for 2014
That is expected to support stronger growth in developing economies.
But it warned growth prospects "remained vulnerable" to the impact of the withdrawal of economic stimulus measures in the US.
'Crisis risks'
The US Federal Reserve has already begun to wind down its monthly bond-buying programme, previously set at $85bn (£52bn) a month.
There is concern this could push up global interest rates, which could affect the flow of money in and out of developing countries and lead to more volatile international financial markets.
The World Bank warned that some developing countries "could face crisis risks" if the unwinding of stimulus measures was accompanied by market volatility.
"Growth appears to be strengthening in both high-income and developing countries, but downside risks continue to threaten the global economic recovery," said World Bank group president Jim Yong Kim.
Analysis The World Bank says that as the Federal Reserve cuts back its efforts to stimulate the US economy it's likely to push up global interest rates which could hit developing economies. A World Bank economist acknowledged in a BBC interview that Brazil, Turkey, India and Indonesia are among the countries that could be vulnerable. However he also noted that the first concrete steps taken by the Federal Reserve to cut back its programme of buying financial assets last month did not severely disturb the markets.
"The performance of advanced economies is gaining momentum, and this should support stronger growth in developing countries in the months ahead. Still, to accelerate poverty reduction, developing nations will need to adopt structural reforms that promote job creation, strengthen financial systems, and shore up social safety nets."
The bank forecasts that global GDP will grow by 3.2% this year, up from 2.4% in 2013, with much of the pick-up coming from developed economies.
Developing nations will grow by 5.3% this year, up from 4.8% in 2013.
In an interview with BBC economics correspondent Andrew Walker, World Bank economist Andrew Burns acknowledged that Brazil, Turkey, India and Indonesia were among the countries that could be vulnerable to the impact of US stimulus withdrawal.
However he also noted that the first concrete steps taken by the Federal Reserve to cut back its programme of buying financial assets last month did not severely disturb the markets.
Interpol swoop nets 25 suspected 'Anonymous' hackers
February 29, 2012 - 8:22AM
Arrests ... Anonymous.
Interpol has arrested 25 suspected members of the 'Anonymous' hackers group in a swoop covering more than a dozen cities in Europe and Latin America, the global police body said on Tuesday.
"Operation Unmask was launched in mid-February following a series of coordinated cyber-attacks originating from Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Spain," said Interpol, based in the French city of Lyon.
The statement cited attacks on the websites of the Colombian Ministry of Defence and the presidency, as well as on Chile's Endesa electricity company and its National Library, among others.
The operation was carried out by police from Argentina, Chile, Colombia and Spain, the statement said, with 250 items of computer equipment and mobile phones seized in raids on 40 premises in 15 cities.
Police also seized credit cards and cash from the suspects, aged 17 to 40.
"This operation shows that crime in the virtual world does have real consequences for those involved, and that the Internet cannot be seen as a safe haven for criminal activity," said Bernd Rossbach, Interpol's acting director of police services.
http://www.smh.com.au/technology/technology-news/interpol-swoop-nets-25-suspected-anonymous-hackers-20120229-1u1po.html
[
My native South Korea is something of a star performer. With per capita income of around $20,000 (on a par with Portugal), it is not one of the richest countries, but we are talking about a country whose income was less than half that of Ghana's until the early 1960s. With an annual per capita income growth rate of just under 4%, it is one of the fastest-growing OECD economies.
Once a byword for hyper-exploited sweatshop labour, churning out cheap transistor radios and trainers, the country now possesses the only thing that stands between iPhone and world domination (the Samsung Galaxy). It is also a world leader in industries such as shipbuilding, steel and automobiles.
The country is, per capita, the third most innovative in the world, after Japan and Taiwan, when measured by the number of patents granted by the US patent office. It has one of the world's highest university enrolment ratios, and schoolchildren who rank in the top five in virtually all standardised international tests.
So, when things seem to be going so swimmingly, why are Koreans clamouring for big changes in the run-up to the general election next week? Because they are desperately unhappy.
According to a recent World Values Survey, Koreans are the second unhappiest people (after Hungary) among the citizens of the 32 OECD countries studied. Worse, its children are the unhappiest in the rich world, according to a survey of 23 OECD countries done by Yonsei University in Seoul. In 2009 the country topped the international league table for suicides, with 28.4 suicides per 100,000 people. Japan was a distant second with 19.7. But Koreans never used to be this unhappy. Until 1995 its suicide rate was, at about 10 per 100,000 people, just below the OECD average. Since then it has almost tripled.
The answer to the Korean puzzle can be found in the consequences of the economic reform implemented after the country's 1997 financial crisis. In the UK-US mould, the stock market was fully opened to foreign investors, putting the larger, listed companies under pressure from international shareholders, making them increase short-term profits by minimising investments. The ability of smaller, unlisted companies to invest was severely curtailed by a dramatic reduction in credit availability. Deregulation allowed banks to rush into more lucrative consumer loan markets, reducing the share of loans to business.
The resulting dramatic fall in investments has led to a substantial fall in economic growth from 6%-7% (in per capita terms) per year to under 4%. With lower growth, few well-paid jobs are created. When combined with the relaxation of labour laws after 1997, this has given employers a decisive upper hand over their workers. Many employees were sacked and re-hired as "agency" workers, doing the same jobs at lower wages. The proportion of the workforce without a permanent contract rose from an already high 50% to 60%, the highest in the OECD.
Not that having a permanent contract gives you much protection these days. Most of the companies that used to (informally) provide "lifetime employment" for their core workers have ended the practice, with older staff put under pressure to make way for younger, cheaper workers.
And all of this is being played out in the absence of a decent welfare state – the country has the second smallest in the OECD, after Mexico (measured by welfare spending as a share of GDP). Given this, people live in constant fear of unemployment, forced retirement, and major illnesses, which expose them to a life of penury.
This "fear factor" also partly explains the country's excessive educational zeal. Pupils study hard, thinking that better educational qualification may give them a layer of protection in an unforgiving labour market. But since everyone is studying hard, they have to run faster to stay in the same place. The result is the combination of long study hours (double that of Finnish children, who do equally well in international tests), and enormous mental stress.
Moreover, increased job insecurity has driven the best Korean students into "secure" professions, like medicine and law, leaving science and engineering deprived of top talents. If this trend continues, the country's ability to innovate will be damaged.
The sad tale of my country should serve as a salutary warning to Britain and other European countries that are embarking on major cuts to welfare. They believe that such cuts will reduce budget deficits and make their economies more productive by making people compete more vigorously. However, the Korean story shows that insecurity actually makes people less, not more, productive, and also desperately unhappy. Surely, that is not what they want.
• Follow Comment is free on Twitter @commentisfree
St. Louis Rams defensive end Michael Sam (96) looks up at the scoreboard from the sidelines during the first half of an NFL preseason football game against the Miami Dolphins, Thursday, Aug. 28, 2014 in Miami Gardens, Fla. The Dolphins defeated the Rams 14-13. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky)
Advertisement Openly gay former NFL player to speak in Massachusetts Michael Sam to give lecture at Clark University Share Copy Link Copy
The first openly gay player to be drafted by an NFL team is heading to Massachusetts to talk about his life. Michael Sam is scheduled to deliver a lecture at Clark University in Worcester on Tuesday. "From Hitchcock High to the NFL" will chronicle Sam's experiences as a water boy in high school, to an All-American playing career at the University of Missouri to his selection by the St. Louis Rams in the 2014 NFL draft. The defensive end was released by the Rams, was on the Dallas Cowboys practice squad and played for the Montreal Alouettes in Canada. He won the Arthur Ashe Courage Award and was named one of GQ's Men of the Year. The lecture is free and open to the public.
The ultimate in satellite viewing: Spectacular photos taken in 2010 from the International Space Station
Astronauts who have flown on the International Space Station say it's the best view in the world.
From their vantage point above Earth's surface, they watch the endless panorama of the planet beneath them - including immense cloudscapes, volcanoes, dune fields and cities at night.
Now this selection of of breathtaking pictures shot by astronauts on board the ISS this year illustrates just what an incredible view they have up there.
Like the ultimate holiday snaps, the amazing NASA images were taken in orbit up to 286 miles above the planet at speeds of an amazing 17,000mph.
The border between France and Italy seen from the International Space Station on April 28, 2010
And the astronauts captured some of the most memorable scenery - and events - of the year.
Included in the stunning collection is the Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The Mississippi River Delta and nearby Louisiana coast appear dark in the sunlight that illuminates patterns in the oil caused by wind and water currents.
A solid field of low cloud cover and the v-shaped wake of a ship are also visible.
Another is the colossal Hurricane Earl which in August and September formed over eastern Central and North America. Despite looking like a peaceful and serene event from thousands of miles above, the catastrophe caused millions of pounds of damage below and killed at least one person.
Also shown is the vast Twitchell Canyon Fire that struck near central Utah's Fishlake National Forest. The huge blaze - clearly visible from the ISS - was reported to cover approximately 33,071 acres on September 21, 2010.
The Twitchell Canyon Fire, near central Utah's Fishlake National Forest seen on September 20, 2010
Hurricane Earl hovering over the tropical Atlantic Ocean on August 30th
Taken on a handheld SLR camera by a crew member from Expedition Crew 24, the photograph shows smoke plumes generated by fires started by a lightning strike on July 20, 2010.
The photograph even shows the area's Interstate Highway 15 visible at the upper right. The International Space Station (ISS) has been permanently manned for 10 years since Expedition 1 began in October 2000.
From then six-man crews from around the world have been steadily sent up - relieving the previous inhabitants -on Expedition missions lasting around six months. And when they're not conducting science experiments in zero gravity, the live-in astronauts have time to enjoy some of the most impressive views ever seen.
All the images were either shot by handheld cameras or using the ISS's onboard camera - when a crew member spotted an eye-catching scene. One image shows how astronauts on board get the perfect viewpoint from the ISS's cupola, an observatory module with 360-degree view windows.
The aurora taken during a geomagnetic storm that was most likely caused by a coronal mass ejection from the sun over the Southern Indian Ocean on May 24th
Artificial archipelagos including the World and the Palm along the coast of Dubai, United Arab Emirates seen on January 13th
'We can see a lot more from up there than you might expect,' said Science Officer Ed Lu, who spent six months on board the ISS.
'We aren't as far away as some people think -our orbit is only about 400 kilometres above the surface of the Earth. While this is high enough to see that the Earth is round - believe me, it is - we are still just barely skimming the surface.'
The ISS flies as far north as the latitude of London or Berlin, and as far south as the tip of South America. By the time the ISS has completed one 90-minute orbit, the Earth has rotated over 300 miles beneath it.
Only after the station has completed 16 orbits - a day's worth - will it return to its original start point. So every 24 hours the astronauts will have travelled along 16 different orbit tracks, each with its distinctive views of the planet below.
The Gulf of Mexico oil spill seen from the International Space Station on May 4th
Astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson gazing at the view of Earth from a window in the Cupola on the International Space Station in September 2010
'When you are standing on the ground, the horizon is a few kilometres away,' added Ed. 'If you are at the top of a tall building, the horizon can be as far as about 60 kilometres.
'From the ISS, the distance to the horizon is over 1,600 kilometres. 'So from horizon to horizon, the section of the Earth you can see at any one time is almost enough to see the entire United States at once.
'It isn't exactly seeing the Earth like a big blue marble, it's more like having your face up against a big blue beach ball.
'If the weather is good and the air is clear, you can see objects as small as half a kilometre in size with your bare eyes. 'With binoculars you can see much smaller objects like ships and individual buildings.'
As well as the cupola, the ISS has several sideward facing windows and an special porthole designed for Earth photography, which has become a favourite of crew members who use a variety of cameras and lenses.
Egypt (centre) and the Sinai Peninsula (bottom right) at night on October 28th
Vocus Group says that because of the complexity of NBN pricing, a lack of pricing stability and operational complexity it no longer intends to grow its share of the NBN consumer market and instead will “focus on optimising the broadband experience for existing customers.”
Vocus will step out of the NBN ‘land grab' for new residential connections and focus instead on more profitable wireless and mobile services.
NBN is complex and economically unattractive, and retail will shift towards fixed wireless and mobile, the company has said.
Telco Singtel Optus has switched on a new mobile site in Napoleon Reef in NSW, as part of the government's Mobile Black Spot Program.
The Australian Communications and Media Authority has told 11 telecommunications providers to comply with their obligations that support emergency service across the country.
TPG to cop near AU$230m accounting hit due to mobile network abandonment Telco to write down its mobile network and reduce value of spectrum licences pending the merger with Vodafone. Source: ZDNet Australia
TPG writes down $76 million spent on ditched mobile network rollout TPG says that following a review it has reduced the value of spectrum licences its holds by $92 million and will write down $76 million in capital expenditure associated with the now-halted roll out a mobile network. Source: Computerworld
Imagine you could swipe your phone over a piece of fish in the supermarket and instantly see secure records of its entire path through the supply chain, from the technique used by the fisherman who caught it in Indonesia to when it was shipped and how it was processed at a factory in your home country — all at the tap of a smartphone.
Trial projects such as that one are testing the potential of Blockchain technology to bring transparency to all sorts of notoriously inefficient or shadowy industries in Southeast Asia.
Blockchain, the technology that powers bitcoin, is an essentially unchangeable form of bookkeeping. It creates cryptographically chained signatures between blocks of information that are authenticated by users over a peer-to-peer distributed ledger — a public record that can be applied to any type of bookkeeping, not just cryptocurrencies.
“It removes the requirement for a centralized authority, and in a lot of the products that it's being launched in, this centralized authority tends to be the government,” said Alisa DiCaprio, head of research at R3 — an enterprise banking software firm that uses distributed ledger technology.
In a region where the most important records — identity and ownership for instance — are often subjected to little or no external oversight, blockchain offers enormous potential benefits.
Erin Murphy, Founder and Principal of Inle Advisory Group, a Myanmar and emerging business advisory firm, said major Asian business hubs are looking to blockchain to clean up and simplify transactions.
“Ideally, we would want to see adoption of blockchain at an official level all across the region," she said in an email. "But perhaps not surprisingly, the governments that are leading blockchain adoption are those that are already low-corruption.”
One of those governments, she said, is Singapore, which is working with major banks on a blockchain-based system to streamline and qualitatively improve their customer (KYC) processes.
In other countries, it is being used for completely different purposes. In the Philippines, a remittance market worth billions of dollars per month has been invaded by firms offering cheaper services built on blockchain, which people can access without a bank account..
“Any steps that get taken at first may not be viewed through an anti-corruption lens and may inadvertently tackle that issue; it will likely be viewed through a development lens to kickstart poverty alleviation and bringing sectors up to international standards that attract foreign investment,” Murphy said.
More than money
There are many trials with clear utility in Southeast Asia underway, including systems for land titling under development in Sweden and Japan.
In June, the United Nations unveiled a blockchain-based system built in partnership with Microsoft and Accenture that gives stateless refugees a permanent identity based on biometric data.
It's also being explored for secure voting systems.
The blockchain-based app developed to track the supply chain of fish from Indonesia — Provenance — is now the basis of many other trials, including a project to create a similar system for the garment industry.
Online you can view the results of a pilot released in May this year that follows a piece of clothing — an Alpaca Mirror Jumper from London-based designer Martine Jarlgaard, from a farm in Dulverton, Britain, through every step of production into London with location, content and timestamps.
It is a long way, though, from realizing that something can be done to actually making it happen, DiCaprio of R3 said.
“The technical capability to do this exists in most developing countries," she said. "You have engineers who can code on the blockchain. But the understanding of how to actually implement this from a business point of view is very poor."
DiCaprio estimates it will take about five years before we actually see large-scale functioning applications and believes the most impactful will occur at the macro economic level.
“So for example one area that it's moving very quickly is trade finance," she said. "And trade finance, you're generally talking about fairly large companies, generally in Asia mostly exporting or importing from or to the US or EU,."
Faster, cheaper and more transparent transactions combined with reductions in the risks of lending and borrowing would flow to down to the village level, she added.
Subversion vs centralization
Blockchain proponents are divided by some sharply divergent values. Some see blockchain — whose slogan is “be your own bank,” as technology that can fundamentally upend a global financial system they believe is intractably corrupt.
“There is a serious opportunity for us here to remove money out of government,” said a Southeast Asia based bitcoin trader who would only give his alias FlippingABitCoin, fearing he could expose himself to physical theft.
Billions of people currently excluded from the formal banking system will be able to access global cryptocurrencies with no middle man using nothing more than a phone, he said.
“It will level out the playing field of power,” he said.
Another group of enthusiasts is encouraging the absorption of this technology by states, as demonstrated by Canada, Singapore, China and Germany, all of which are either exploring or conducting trials of their own central bank digital currencies using blockchain.
“In the long run, we believe if there is any threat at all to governments, it is that other governments will lead the way in adopting blockchain technologies in producing low-corruption, high-transparency, highly-secure digitized economic infrastructures that will attract business, investment and stakeholder confidence,” wrote Michael Hsieh, a non-resident affiliate at the Center for International Security and Cooperation at Stanford University, in an email.
“The societies who lead in the great fintech [financial technology] innovation race of the 21st century will siphon all the capital and productivity from those that lag,” he wrote.
All shading, highlighting and touch-ups have been applied. Fingers have been drawn wherever applicable, and the background was given slightly more detail (although it is still more of an afterthought).A few last minute tweaks to FreeBSD-tan's design were made to reduce the amount of hair on her to something a little more manageable.This image can now be considered finalized!And in the spirit of the BSD license, the source is available to view and modifyAgain, special thanks to for laying the foundation for this picture. Sorry it took so long, but at least now it's finally complete. ^^======It's amazing how much inspiration is bottled up after such a long wait. ^^In any event, not only did I manage to fit in NetBSD-tan (the eldest, at 167cm), but I finally made use of C-chan's first vector sketch of FreeBSD-tan (the leader of the group, at 178cm excluding heels).I was thinking of drawing her from scratch, but why waste such a cute pose? Afterall, it was herself who originally proposed that option in order to cut down sometime. ^.^FreeB-chan actually has a few minor modifications done to her pose -- apart from modernizing the face, I also removed her BSD mace so she can blend better in the picture. She also has the long gloves that Bella added to the vector sketch afterwards.As with OpenBSD-tan, no shading or detail work has been applied to either Net-chan or FreeB-chan.======At long last I'm finally able to resume work on this picture, a LONG-overdue collaborative picture originally begun by C-chan and and resumed by me.The next addition to this picture is OpenBSD-tan, based on the character design from an artist known as Space Coyote.She is enjoying a small degree of amusement sizing up her little sister, who is a mere 156cm compared to her own much more imposing 190cm frame.Despite what it may seem, she's not holding the nightstick threateningly (although all BSD-tans get into the occasional sibling brawls), but is rather supposed to be posing for a picture.======*sigh* Leave it to C-chan to leave me with all his empty promises to fulfill.... ^^'This is actually a more finalized version of a very very VERY incomplete vector sketch of DragonflyBSD-tan, based on a sketch created by Bella. This was part of a four-piece collaborative project between Bella and C-chan, where Bella would supply the sketches for four different BSD-tans and C-chan would shade and color. Sadly, for this and that reason, the project never got off the ground until yours truly stopped by. ^__~Taking over the project, I guess you can call this a Bella/C-quel joint project -- once done, it will probably be posted in the DeviantOS-tan club. ^^As for the image itself, only the hands and magazine are left incomplete. Therefore, the depiction of DragonflyBSD-tan can be said to be 90% complete.(Note: in regards to the magazine, it should be stated for the uninitiated that DragonflyBSD-tan is a huge and almost obsessive fan of AmigaOS-tan, for reasons not readily apparent except for DragonflyBSD users.)
Now a new movement is bringing pressure to bear on government.
Recently created volunteer organizations EuroMaidan SOS, Vostok SOS and Donetsk SOS have pooled their resources in an effort to provide aid for those fleeing to western and central Ukraine. They have teamed up with the Foundation for the Development of Ukraine, a charity owned by Ukraine's richest man, Rinat Akhmetov.
The self-organised initiative also has celebrity backing in the form of Ruslana Lyzhychko, a Eurovision song contest winner who was active during the recent anti-government protests in the capital. Lyzhychko, who now serves as the public face of the campaign, told the Kyiv Post that red tape is preventing the emergence of an official aid programme.
“We've had to rely on our own funds and resources. There's a wall of bureaucracy hindering government assistance. We can't bypass it – it's bureaucracy and that's it. The state is an inert and heavy apparatus. It needs to be pushed for results to be achieved,” she said, adding that the group is currently helping 300 people find accommodation, 72 of them children.
A system of free hotlines has been set up to coordinate the aid effort, and the numbers can be found on the Euromaidan SOS website, euromaidansos.org, and the website of the Akhmetov foundation, fdu.org.ua.
Many of the volunteers are themselves natives of cities in eastern Ukraine that have come under fire. One of them, Ph.D. student Aleksey Ryabchyn, moved from Donetsk two weeks ago with his wife and daughter and is now working with the organisation to help fellow arrivals in the capital.
“The press publish reports of people taking advantage of our help, of people in refugee shelters asking for vodka and cigarettes instead of food. Don't believe such stories. This conflict has brought out the best in the Ukrainian people. Our priority is helping those in need, no matter what side they're on,” he said.
Some administrative obstacles are coming down. Existing laws only apply to refugees escaping conflict abroad, but a new law granting “temporarily displaced”status to those fleeing violence within the country has been approved by the Verkhovna Rada, Ukraine's parliament. If passed next week as expected, according to Lyzhychko, it will enable refugees to register with city authorities.
“This is my message to people who are becoming used to war: ‘Forget about your rooms, your property. Think about your own lives and come here, we are ready to help.' Maidan may be over, but we cannot relax,” Lyzhychko said, referring to last winter's mass anti-government protests.
Signs are beginning to emerge that the government is finally recognising the scale of the problem.
President Petro Poroshenko announced on June 10 the creation of “evacuation corridors” to help refugees from the country's east, without clarifying how these will operate in practice. The following day Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk called for a database to be drawn up to assist their resettlement.
Accommodation for 39,000 people has been made available across western Ukraine, with schools, hotels and even churches being enlisted to meet the demand. Kyiv and Lviv, the most popular destinations, are rapidly running out of space, and many are now being sent to Cherkasy oblast, where the local government has provided accommodation for around 22,000 people.
Official statistics on the scale of the problem are hard to come by. Citing figures from June 5, Tatyana Lupova, advisor to Ukraine's Minister of Social Policy, said around 2,000 people have fled Donetsk and Lugansk regions since the conflict began. As of June 11 Ukraine's State Migration Service reports 5,000 people having left the two regions for other parts of Ukraine. It estimates that a further 5,000 have done so without informing the authorities.
Meanwhile Russian media have reported tens of thousands of Ukrainians crossing the border into Russia, although Russia's own migration service has cited far fewer cases. A camp for around 300 refugees set up in Rostov region, which borders Ukraine, was visited on Thursday by the OSCE's secretary general Lamberto Zannier.
According to Lupova, the issue with obtaining reliable figures lies partly in the fact that few of those who leave conflict zones register with official state organs.
“How can we help these people if they are not known to us? We have put up posters at railway stations and adverts on TV. We have set up free hotlines for those seeking a place to stay,” she said.
Lupova admitted that the government needs to change its policy towards the unfolding humanitarian crisis, adding that it is prepared to collaborate with privately organised initiatives. “You have information about these people, we have the means to help them. Let's work together,” she said.
HESPERIA (CBS/AP) — The City Council is scheduled to vote a second time Tuesday on an ordinance that would allow disabled residents to use any doctor-approved service animal in public buildings or businesses in Hesperia.
Councilman Thurston “Smitty” Smith says the measure was approved 4-1 earlier this month and puts into writing the city's policy for the last 20 years.
It became an issue because as of Wednesday the federal government will restrict the definition of a service animal as a dog or miniature horse.
Hesperia introduced its own law at the request of resident Danni Moore, who uses two rats on her shoulders to help control seizures.
Councilman Bill Holland opposes the local measure and the Tea Party has been campaigning against it, even running ads to get people to attend the meeting.
Local Tea Party activists say the proposed ordinance may put local businesses at risk of litigation and health hazards.
(TM and © Copyright 2011 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2010 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
A bipartisan constellation of decorated combat veterans, members of Congress and family members of slain soldiers admonished Donald Trump on Monday for criticizing the Muslim American parents of an Army officer killed in Iraq, threatening to undermine Trump's support among core Republican voters.
The condemnations by Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain (R-Ariz.), the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and dozens of veterans and family members of those killed in the line of duty served as the most forceful rebuke yet of the mogul's comments and his anti-Muslim rhetoric.
The critiques lobbed at Trump on Monday were the latest turns in a bitter exchange that has dominated the presidential race since the close of the Democratic National Convention on Thursday in Philadelphia. It threatens to hurt Trump's standing among voters he has been aggressively pursuing: those who aren't fans of Democrat Hillary Clinton and who hold doubts about her record on national security. The standoff has also frayed Trump's already delicate alliance with GOP leaders.
[‘We've never been challenged this way': Military support groups demand respect for Khan family]
Trump did not address the controversy directly during a campaign stop in Columbus, Ohio, on Monday afternoon. But he signaled on Twitter earlier in the day that he was not backing down from his criticism of Khizr and Ghazala Khan, whose son Humayun Khan, an Army captain, was killed by a car bomber in Iraq in 2004. Trump said Khizr Khan had “no right” to assail him as he did in a speech at the Democratic convention Thursday.
Both Republicans and Democrats are publicly responding to the row between GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump and Khizr Khan. Khan's son was killed while serving in Iraq. Here's what politicians from both parties said. (Monica Akhtar/The Washington Post)
McCain, a respected figure on national security issues in the Republican Party, issued a written statement sternly reprimanding Trump.
“In recent days, Donald Trump disparaged a fallen soldier's parents,” said McCain, who was taken prisoner during the Vietnam War. “He has suggested that the likes of their son should not be allowed in the United States — to say nothing of entering its service. I cannot emphasize enough how deeply I disagree with Mr. Trump's statement. I hope Americans understand that the remarks do not represent the views of our Republican Party, its officers, or candidates.”
[GOP dismay grows as Trump stands his ground]
McCain, who has tangled with Trump before, most notably after Trump said last year that McCain was not a war hero because he had been “captured,” added: “While our Party has bestowed upon him the nomination, it is not accompanied by unfettered license to defame those who are the best among us.”
Aside from McCain, a bipartisan coalition of veterans, family members of military personnel killed in the line of duty, a veteran serving in Congress and an ex-diplomat sent a letter to Trump calling his criticism of the Khans an affront to each of them. It also called for him to apologize.
“Your statements are unacceptable, especially from someone seeking to serve as Commander in Chief,” the letter said. “The Khans' sacrifice has earned them the right to ask hard questions of those seeking elected office.”
[Humayun Khan's grave becomes a shrine in the wake of his father's speech]
1 of 14 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × These Republicans refuse to vote for Donald Trump View Photos And they'll tell you why. Caption And they'll tell you why. Former Secretary of State Colin Powell “General Powell said at a meeting of the Long Island Association that he would be voting for Hillary Clinton,” a spokeswoman confirmed Oct. 25. Powell added in an interview that he picked Clinton “because I think she's qualified, and the other gentleman is not qualified.” Nikki Kahn/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
The list of signatories includes highly decorated combat veterans including Medal of Honor recipient Dakota Meyer, who was a supporter of Sen. Ted Cruz's presidential campaign. Rep. Seth Moulton (D-Mass.), who served in Iraq as a Marine Corps infantry officer, is also on the list.
Organizers said they plan to add many more signatures by opening up the letter online for broader national participation.
Brian Duffy, the recently elected commander in chief of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, released a statement saying that the organization “will not tolerate anyone berating a Gold Star family member for exercising his or her right of speech or expression.”
Duffy added that “there are certain sacrosanct subjects that no amount of wordsmithing can repair once crossed.”
While Trump pledged to take good care of veterans at his campaign stop in Columbus, he steered clear of the firestorm over his comments about the Khans. Attendees had their own opinions on the matter.
Josh Smith, 53, of Keystone Heights, Fla., said that he served in the Navy for 20 years and that he did not find Trump's comments about the Khans to be distasteful. “It was bad that their son died, but to put that man on stage to say all those things was ridiculous,” he said.
Smith said that when Trump responded to the Khans' remarks, “he was just making a comment back to someone who attacked him. He wasn't being offensive.”
Larry Robinson, 71, of Columbus, who said he served in the Army during the Vietnam War, believes that Trump has a lot of empathy for veterans.
On Twitter on Monday morning, Trump lashed out again at Khizr Khan and the media. He argued that “radical Islamic terrorism,” not Khan, should be the focus of the exchange — just minutes after slamming Khan.
“Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over TV doing the same — Nice!” Trump said in his initial tweet.
Khizr and Ghazala Khan participated in a round of television interviews Monday in which they slammed Trump.
“This candidate amazes me — his ignorance,” Khizr Khan said on NBC's “Today” show. “He can get up and malign the entire nation — the religions, the communities, the minorities, the judges. And yet, a private citizen in this political process, in his candidacy for the stewardship for this country — I cannot say what I feel? That proves the point: He has not read the Constitution of this country.”
Ghazala Khan, who teared up during at least one TV interview, rejected Trump's suggestion during an interview with ABC News that she may not have been “allowed” to speak during her convention appearance. She stood at her husband's side as he spoke.
[In Trump clash with Khans, new hints of cultural and political rift]
“It doesn't have to do anything with my religion,” she said on “Today.” She wrote in a Washington Post op-ed over the weekend that she is still experiencing raw emotions about her son's death and could not bring herself to speak at the convention.
Clinton has said that the Khan family paid the “ultimate sacrifice” for their country. Ahead of her rally in Omaha, the controversy was a top-of-mind issue.
“We're both grandmothers; we both think it's terrible,” said Jan Gleason, 79, as she stood with a friend waiting for Clinton to arrive.
“It's just a person who served and died for our country. He made fun of his mother,” added Sharon Heck, 72. “It's just sad.”
Speaking to the Disabled American Veterans' annual convention in Atlanta, President Obama did not mention Khan's parents or their speech. But he said he had asked to be introduced at the Democratic convention last week by Sharon Belkofer, whose son was killed in combat. And he called on Americans to support those who have lost loved ones to war. “We have to do everything we can for those families, and honor them, and be humbled by them,” Obama said.
Some Trump allies fought back hard Monday against the criticism the mogul has faced over his remarks about the Khans.
Corey Lewandowski, Trump's former campaign manager, argued that the Khans' son would still be alive if Trump had been president.
“Their son is a hero. And every person who has ever died fighting for our country and their families are heroes,” Lewandowski said on CNN, which employs him as a paid contributor. “The difference is, we've got 7,000 soldiers who died, $6 trillion wasted in wars overseas, and if Donald Trump was the president, we would never have had, and Captain Khan would be alive today.”
Trump regularly casts himself as an early critic of the Iraq War. The Post's Fact-Checker found that there is “no sign that Trump opposed the invasion or was vocal about it prior to the invasion.”
Lewandowski was fired by Trump in June.
Former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani said McCain's response to Trump was probably motivated by the longtime senator's anxiety over his reelection race in Arizona.
“I think you're hearing a guy who's worried about whether he can be reelected in Arizona,” Giuliani said in an interview with The Post. “John wouldn't be saying this if he were running two years from now. He'd just keep his mouth shut.”
James Waters, a former George W. Bush administration White House aide and Navy SEAL, was among the 40 who signed the bipartisan letter to Trump. He is a Republican, but he is not voting for his party's nominee.
“I think this situation speaks quite well to Trump's blatant lack of fitness for office,” Waters said.
Kathy Lynn Gray in Columbus; Greg Jaffe in Atlanta; Katie Zezima, Dan Lamothe and Robert Costa in Washington; and Abby Phillip in Omaha contributed to this report.
- Small amounts of marijuana—mainly for personal use—have landed lots of people behind bars in Houston. But if HPD's top cop Chief Art Acevedo gets his way, things will change.
"I just received a draft policy from the DA's office who has been working with different stakeholders this week. I will be presenting it to the Mayor tomorrow," Acevedo said.
That proposal would be the blueprint for HPD's cite and release program.
It would specifically target people who are caught with four ounces of marijuana or less.
Instead of taking them to jail for possession those people will receive a citation from Houston officers and told to appear in court at a later date.
Chief Acevedo says it would free up his officers and reduce jail overcrowding in the city and county.
Calls to 911 are often desperate pleas for help. Whether it's a medical emergency or a murder, the recordings of those calls are often used as evidence in court.
5 On Your Side has made a disturbing discovery: over 60,000 call recordings were destroyed or lost by the Central County 911 center.
The center handles a large portion of 911 calls for western St. Louis County and parts of Franklin County.
After having a medical emergency last September, James Young of St. John wanted to hear how emergency services and local police handled things. But when Young tried to get his 911 call, there was a big problem. He was told that not only his call, but thousands of others, had been lost by Central County Dispatch.
In fact, 5 On Your Side investigates has discovered more than 62,000 calls have been lost or destroyed while in the care of the 911 center. Call dates range from June 2016 to January 2017.
So, what happened? Young says a center official claimed it was due to technical difficulties.
"He blamed it on maintenance issues, or server problems. Problems with the hardware and software," said Young.
Sign up for the STL Morning Rush newsletter Sign up for the daily STL Morning Rush Newsletter Something went wrong. Get daily emails with stories that will make you feel something. Thank you for signing up for the STL Morning Rush Newsletter. Please try again later.
Submit
Whatever happened, according to legal experts, the loss of those recordings could have an immense impact.
"It's a very big deal," said Dan Diemer, former St. Louis County Prosecutor and long time defense attorney.
Diemer says the loss of these calls could have major consequences for present and future criminal cases.
"You get the real raw emotion or the truth about what's happening at that moment," said Diemer.
But even more important?
"There may be someone who saw something, called that information in, and now it's gone," said Diemer.
5 On Your Side found that under the guidelines laid out by the Secretary of State, dispatch centers are supposed to keep 911 audio files for at least a year.
"If it seems there's some maleficence and evidence is therefore destroyed, there can be a presumption that the reason it was destroyed was because it would be beneficial to the other side," said Diemer.
Young questions If the problem might even be bigger.
"I'm not so sure there's maybe more missing calls over a longer period of time," said Young.
Tim Conroy, the executive director of central county dispatch declined to speak with us about this. But the attorney for Central County Dispatch tells 5 On Your Side that while they don't have the audio for the lost calls, they have other info and data associated with the calls.
Image caption President Francois Hollande's popularity rating is at its lowest since he came to power
The number of unemployed people in France has topped three million for the first time since 1999, according to the latest labour ministry figures.
August's jobless total rose by 23,900 to 3.011 million, a 9% increase on a year earlier, marking the 16th consecutive monthly rise.
Speaking before the data was officially announced, Labour Minister Michel Sapin said: "It's bad. It's clearly bad."
However, the government blamed the previous regime of Nicolas Sarkozy.
"These three million unemployed embody the failure of economic and social policies undertaken during the last few years," the labour ministry said in a statement.
"In the face of this difficult report, the government is determined to implement as soon as possible reforms", it said.
The news will, however, add pressure on President Francois Hollande, who came to power on a promise to revive the economy.
Analysis Not since 1999 has France seen unemployment hit the 3 million mark. And the worst of it is that the figure is in reality higher. If you include people in part-time work, the number of people looking for a full-time job is more like 4.4 million. What many economists are pointing out is that the problem with French unemployment is that it is structural, not conjunctural. In other words even in good economic times, it does not fall far. Not since the early 80s has it been much below 7.5%. President Hollande has promised to reverse the upward trend within a year, and bring the figure back below 3 million again. But economists are dubious. Just to keep unemployment stable, the economy needs to grow at 1%. All the forecasts for next year put growth at a fraction of that.
He won power in May, pledging to revive the eurozone's second largest economy, tackle rising unemployment, and reverse industrial decline. However his approval rating is now at it lowest since he assumed power, pollsters say.
Since May, major companies have announced thousands of layoffs, including carmaker Peugeot, drugmaker Sanofi, airline Air France-KLM, and retailer Carrefour.
Analysts warned that the unemployment situation could worsen.
Mathieu Plane, economist at the French Economic Observatory, told the Reuters news agency: "There are almost one million more unemployed people compared with early 2008 and we can't yet say that we have reached the peak."
The French economy has posted three consecutive quarters of zero growth, and forward-looking data suggests it may continue to flatline.
Unrealistic
"Confidence is weak both with companies and, even more so, with households. It's not really surprising given the economy has fallen in recession and the private sector is facing the biggest tax hike in decades," Bruno Cavalier, analyst at Oddo Securities, wrote in a research note.
The 2013 budget, due to go before the cabinet on Friday, is expected to contain more than 30bn euros in budget savings, and fresh tax rises.
The government has forecast 0.3% growth for the year, and has so far kept its 2013 target at 1.2%, which many economists now consider unrealistic.
France's central bank this month predicted that the economy would contract by 0.1% in the third quarter after flatlining for the first half of the year.
Amid the gloom, French consumer confidence slipped two points in September from the previous month, the national statistics office said on Wednesday.
Scientists discover asthma's potential root cause and a novel treatment
Cardiff scientists have for the first time identified the potential root cause of asthma and an existing drug that offers a new treatment.
Published today in Science Translational Medicine journal, University researchers, working in collaboration with scientists at King's College London and the Mayo Clinic (USA), describe the previously unproven role of the calcium sensing receptor (CaSR) in causing asthma, a disease which affects 300 million people worldwide.
The team used mouse models of asthma and human airway tissue from asthmatic and non-asthmatic people to reach their findings.
Crucially, the paper highlights the effectiveness of a class of drugs known as calcilytics in manipulating CaSR to reverse all symptoms associated with the condition. These symptoms include airway narrowing, airway twitchiness and inflammation - all of which contribute to increased breathing difficulty.
"Our findings are incredibly exciting," said the principal investigator, Professor Daniela Riccardi, from the School of Biosciences. "For the first time we have found a link airways inflammation, which can be caused by environmental triggers - such as allergens, cigarette smoke and car fumes – and airways twitchiness in allergic asthma.
"Our paper shows how these triggers release chemicals that activate CaSR in airway tissue and drive asthma symptoms like airway twitchiness, inflammation, and narrowing. Using calcilytics, nebulized directly into the lungs, we show that it is possible to deactivate CaSR and prevent all of these symptoms."
Dr Samantha Walker, Director of Research and Policy at Asthma UK, who helped fund the research, said:
"This hugely exciting discovery enables us, for the first time, to tackle the underlying causes of asthma symptoms. Five per cent of people with asthma don't respond to current treatments so research breakthroughs could be life changing for hundreds of thousands of people.
"If this research proves successful we may be just a few years away from a new treatment for asthma, and we urgently need further investment to take it further through clinical trials. Asthma research is chronically underfunded; there have only been a handful of new treatments developed in the last 50 years so the importance of investment in research like this is absolutely essential."
While asthma is well controlled in some people, around one-in-twelve patients respond poorly to current treatments. This significant minority accounts for around 90% of healthcare costs associated with the condition.
According to Cardiff Professor Paul Kemp, who co-authored the study, the identification of CaSR in airway tissue means that the potential for treatment of other inflammatory lung diseases beyond asthma is immense. These include chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and chronic bronchitis, for which currently there exists no cure. It is predicted that by 2020 these diseases will be the third biggest killers worldwide.Professor Riccardi and her collaborators are now seeking funding to determine the efficacy of calcilytic drugs in treating asthmas that are especially difficult to treat, particularly steroid-resistant and influenza-exacerbated asthma, and to test these drugs in patients with asthma.
Calcilytics were first developed for the treatment of osteoporosis around 15 years ago with the aim of strengthening deteriorating bone by targeting CaSR to induce the release of an anabolic hormone. Although clinically safe and well tolerated in people, calcilytics proved unsuccessful in treating osteoporosis.
But this latest breakthrough has provided researchers with the unique opportunity to re-purpose these drugs, potentially accelerating the time it takes for them to be approved for use asthma patients. Once funding has been secured, the group aim to be trialling the drugs on humans within two years.
"If we can prove that calcilytics are safe when administered directly to the lung in people, then in five years we could be in a position to treat patients and potentially stop asthma from happening in the first place," added Professor Riccardi.
The study was part-funded by Asthma UK, the Cardiff Partnership Fund and a BBSRC 'Sparking Impact' award.
One of my current goals for this blog is to share with you somehow I prep meals based on the deals I get from the weekly Wegmans coupons and deals list. I want to share with you not just the deals, but actually how they can turn into cheap meals to feed your family.
Ingrediets:
Wegmans Butternut Squash Soup, 32 fl oz – $1.99
Wegmans Organic Chicken Sausage, sweet apple flavor – $6.49 (used half for $3.25) **note – I spoiled myself and family with organic sausage. You could for sure substitute the organic sausage with a cheaper meat!
Wegmans Food You Feel Good About Just Picked Mixed Vegetables, 16 oz – $0.99
Cup of milk
1/2 cup of water
Tsp Olive Oil
Salt & pepper to taste (I also like to season with McCormick Grill Mates Montreal Steak Seasoning)
La Choy Rice Noodles or French's Fried Onions (optional)
= $6.23 (I didn't count milk, water, olive oil or salt & pepper into meal cost since those are staples you probably have at home anyway. This = $1.55 per serving – makes 4 servings.
PREPARATION:
Pour the butternut squash soup base into a soup pan. Add a 1/2 water to the empty cart, shake, and pour “washed out” container into the pan. Add 1 cup milk. Add 1 bag of frozen mixed veggies. Heat on medium until heated through.
While the soup and veggies are warming up, add 3 sausage links into a pan with a tsp. of olive oil. Heat on medium until light brown (about 10 minutes).
Cut the sausage into bite size pieces and add to the soup. Stir and simmer about 5 more minutes. Add salt & pepper to taste. Garnish with rice noodles or fried onions (optional).
Print Easy Frugal Recipe: Homemade Butternut, Veggie & Organic Wegmans Sausage Soup for $1.30 Per Serving! Author: Maura White Prep time: 5 mins Cook time: 15 mins Total time: 20 mins Serves: 4 Ingredients Butternut Squash Bisque, 32 oz
Organic Chicken Sausage
Frozen Mixed Vegetables, 16 oz
Cup of milk
½ cup of water
Tsp Olive Oil
Salt & pepper to taste
La Choy Rice Noodles or fried onions (optional) Instructions Pour the butternut squash soup base into a soup pan. Add a ½ water to the empty cart, shake, and pour "washed out" container into the pan. Add 1 cup milk. Add 1 bag of frozen mixed veggies. Heat on medium until heated through (10-15min). While the soup and veggies are warming up, add 3 sausage links into a pan with a tsp. of olive oil. Heat on medium until light brown (about 10 minutes). Cut the sausage into bite size pieces and add to the soup. Stir and simmer about 5 more minutes. Add salt & pepper to taste. Garnish with rice noodles or fried onions (optional). Wordpress Recipe Plugin by EasyRecipe 3.2.2802
EASY, FRUGAL, TASTES GOOD = PERFECT!
If you do try this, I'd love for you to come back and leave your feedback in the comments section – thumbs up or thumbs down????
Rafael Nadal was forced to retire against Damir Dzumhur on a hot and muggy Saturday at the Miami Open presented by Itau. Dzumhur, No. 94 in the Emirates ATP Rankings, was up 2-6, 6-4, 3-0 in the second-round match when the Spaniard was unable to continue. Dzumhur had never beaten a Top-10 player in five previous attempts.
“Everything was fine until the end of the first set,” Nadal said. “Then I started to feel dizzy, not very good. It was getting worse and worse. Finally, in the second set, I realised that I could not keep playing.
“I wanted to finish the match, but I seriously could not. It was tough, because I felt I was playing well. I had good practices after a great week in Indian Wells. I stopped because I was concerned for my health, and I could not finish the match the way I was feeling.”
Despite its final outcome, the match did not start auspiciously for Dzumhur. The Bosnian faced 12 break points in losing the one-sided opening set, and was the first to request the trainer. The 23 year old was visibly affected by Miami's heat and humidity, but soldiered on after receiving assistance during the changeover.
Nadal was unable to capitalise on Dzumhur's discomfort. After breezing through his service games in the opening set, the left-hander won only 50 per cent of first-serve points the rest of the way (11/22) and was broken four times in as many opportunities in the last two sets. An ailing Nadal called for the trainer twice before retiring after an hour and 50 minutes. The Spaniard, a four-time finalist in Miami, will have to wait another year to capture the elusive title.
“It's definitely not the way I wanted to finish,” Dzumhur said. “It was really tough to play today. I also felt tired, heavy, and in some moments dizzy on the court. In the first set we played a very long second game. After that game I felt I could not run that well.
“Between the first and second sets, I calle a medical time-out. I was really thinking about retirement, but just said to myself, ‘I'm playing Rafa. I don't have a chance to play these guys every day. I want to enjoy this moment.' So I tried to continue."
In the third round, Dzumhur will face Mikhail Kukushkin, who advanced when Thomaz Bellucci retired at 7-5, 3-6. The Kazakh, No. 90 in the Emirates ATP Rankings, is into the third round in Miami for the first time. His previous third-round appearance in an ATP World Tour Masters 1000 event dates back to Indian Wells 2014 (l. to Lopez).
Yes is a very useful word to learn in any language. You use it to show you agree, to show your enthusiasm, to seal a deal and in many many different situations. As a Chinese learner, you were surely taught that while there is no direct equivalent to Yes in Chinese, 是 is an acceptable substitute. But there is more!
It is, as in this
这是你的书吗? 是的 zhè shì nǐ de shū ma? Shì de Is this your book? Yes, it is.
But if you watch videos and movies in Chinese, you'll soon come to realize that 是的 doesn't always pop up in a “yes” situation and that there are a bunch of different ways to say yes in Mandarin Chinese. So why not try new expressions to say yes ? They will make you really sound like a native speaker.
In this article, you're going to learn 7 easy yet useful ways to say Yes in Mandarin Chinese. These expressions are all very frequently used in everyday life so there's no doubt that you'll get to practice them a lot. Just get ready to say yes!
“I love the app, and I have been using it for a while.
It helps a lot, even living in China doing my thesis!” – Yantas, Ninchanese User 🏮 We have developed an award-winning app to learn Chinese. 🏮
Try it out for free and start learning for real We love our reader so we'd like to share the coupon BLOGNINCHA with you.
Get 10% on all plans when subscribing. Start now
An easy and basic word to say yes in Chinese: 是
是 : ”Shì” ; Yes
Let's start with 是, the word with which you are likely the most familiar. And with reason too, as 是 is the most basic word in Chinese to say yes.
As an adjective, 是 means “right; correct” whether you're sure about it or just think it might be correct. Nowadays, 是 is mostly used to check things, for example, to ask if somebody did something or to ascertain something.
For instance:
You're looking for someone.
请问你是林先生吗 Qǐngwèn nǐ shì lín xiānshēng ma?
是的，我是。 Shì de, wǒ shì.
Yes, I am Mr. Lin.
You've run out of cold milk.
冰箱里的牛奶是谁喝完的？ Bīngxiāng lǐ de niúnǎi shì shuí hē wán de?
Who is a drunk all the milk in the fridge?
是Linda (喝完的)。 Shì Linda (hē wán de).
Linda did.
Need a quick confirmation? 是 is your guy.
When you want to show your support: 没错 / 对
没错 : méi cuò ; That's right. 对 : duì ; Yes / Right
没错 méi cuò
对 duì
对
没错
没错
对
是
是的
对
没错
对
没错
是的
andare 2 expressions to use when you want to show someone they said something you agree with.means « correct » in Chinese, so it is easy to understand why it can be used as a Yes. It's very similar to « right » in English., if translated word by word, means « not wrong ». As such, it is frequently used as a way to say “that's right”.In some cases,andcan be used instead of. For instance, in the example we used before, the expression «» can be replaced byor by, because in this case bothandmean the same thing as. Why's that?
Well, to help you understand the use of 没错 and 对 in this situation, just think of the question “Are you Mr. Lin ?” as the first question of a pop quiz ; to which you give the right answer (yes).
Let's give 没错 and 对 a try:
请问你是林先生吗？ [py py=”Qǐngwèn nǐ shì lín xiānshēng ma?] Excuse me, are you Mr. Lin?
对 / 没错，我是。 Duì/ Méi cuò, wǒ shì. Yes, I am.
See how 没错 or 对 both fit in perfectly instead of 是的?
In what other cases can we use 对 and 没错 ?
Onto another very frequent use of 对 and 没错.
You'll find yourself using 对 and 没错 a lot in conversations that contain an exchange of personal opinion (they happen). In fact, as long as you agree with the other's opinion, you can use 没错 and 对 all you want to show your approval. And since 对 and 没错 mean pretty much the same thing, the one you choose to use really just depends on your personal preferences.
这件衣服真好看。 Zhè jiàn yīfú zhēn hǎokàn.
This dress is nice.
对/ 没错, 我也觉得。 Duì/ Méi cuò, wǒ yě juédé.
Yes, I think so too. 对 and 没错 are used to support someone's opinion, or to show others that you agree with them.
It might help you become popular if you try to use more often 对 and 没错 (but of course for opinions that you really approve, we are not suggesting you be a hypocrite ^^), because people love to feel supported or approved.
When someone invites you out and you want to say yes: 行/好/可以
行: xíng; Ok 好: hǎo; great / good ”[zh kěyǐ; it's ok. 行/好/可以 are all three very easy to use. All these word means Ok in Chinese and they have similar uses to “Ok, fine, good” in English.
They are mostly used when someone asks for a favor and you don't mind helping, i.e in situations that contain a request.
As in the following examples:
你需要我帮你带早餐吗?
Nǐ xūyào wǒ bāng nǐ dài zǎocān ma?
Do you need me to bring you breakfast?
好啊，你不介意的话.
Hǎo a, nǐ bù jièyì dehuà.
Sure, if you don't mind.
你能帮我跟老板请假吗?
Nǐ néng bāng wǒ gēn lǎobǎn qǐngjià ma?
Can you ask the boss for a leave for me?
行, 没问题. Xíng, méi wèntí.
Ok, no problem.
They can also be used when someone makes an offer you can't resist. As here:
你今晚想去看电影吗？
Nǐ jīn wǎn xiǎng qù kàn diànyǐng ma?
Do you want to go to the movies tonight?
可以啊，你想看什么电影？ Kěyǐ a, nǐ xiǎng kàn shénme diànyǐng?
Sounds great, what film do you want to see?
Just make sure you don't use 好/行/可以 instead of 是/对/没错 because they don't mean the same thing and can't be used to replace each other in Chinese.
How come, you ask? Well, if someone comes and asks you if you are Mr. Ling, you're not going to answer with “cool”, or “fine”, are you? That's going to sound weird and you will sound silly. Easy.
Use 行/好/可以 to accept your friend's request or an invitation.
That way, you'll sound friendly and adorable. Chinese people are usually happy to help others, so if you can show your gentle and helpful side to your Chinese friends, you'll have a good reputation among them.
What should we say in other situations?
You might find that sometimes, in some conversations, the words that you've just learned won't fit. That's normal because you‘ll need to give an answer that corresponds to the question you're being asked so that the conversation can go on smoothly.
But before you get all mad and turn the table over (think of your computer and of your cat sitting on your keyboard), here's a smart way to say “yes” in all situations, that should come in handy.
Have you noticed that in every Chinese sentence, there is always a main word that holds the important information?
If you haven't, let's start with a few examples. The key word is in blue.
你喜欢这双鞋子吗？
Nǐ xǐhuān zhè shuāng xiézi ma?
Do you like these shoes?
喜欢。
Xǐhuān.
Yes, I like them.
你觉得这条裤子紧吗？
Nǐ juédé zhè tiáo kùzi jǐn ma?
Do you think these trousers are tight?
紧。
Jǐn.
Yes, they're tight.
那个男生帅吗？
Nàgè nánshēng shuài ma?
Is that guy handsome?
帅.
Shuài.
Yes, he is.
Did you see how people in these examples responded in a simple but really smart way? All you need to do is to repeat the key word in the question. Cool huh? Short and sweet.
There can be different types of keywords in a sentence: a verb, a noun or an adjective, but once you've figured out what the keyword is, pounce on it and reuse it to answer the question. Before long, you'll realize that you‘re able to have nice fluid conversations in Chinese.
When in doubt, repeat the key word in the question in the positive form and you'll say “yes”.
After reading this article, you might be thinking “Dang, so many ways in Chinese to say yes! My 是 wasn't that bad, after all”. And yes, they might seem like a lot but once you get used to them, they'll become real simple vocabulary for you. Just watch Chinese TV shows and see how they say yes. Or go talk to native Chinese speakers to practice these new words in real life.
Don't be shy, yell “yes” to everyone (or not, do listen to the question before yelling “yes”) and you'll soon find that you're comfortable with the many ways yes in Chinese. 好吗？
Just say “Yes”!
The Nincha Team, starring Yuqi
Ninchanese combines addictive game mechanics, cute cats and efficient inese learning techniques to make learning Chinese a lot of fun! The app is now in beta so sign up now for early access to the beta! Check out our trailer and stay in touch with us on Facebook, Twitter, Google + and Weibo.
The Nincha Team Stay in touch with us on Facebook, Twitter, Google + and Pinterest.
The France international is set to become the Gunners' first summer signing, though the club's spending could reach £40m this week as talks for Alexis Sanchez progress
By Wayne Veysey | Chief Correspondent Mathieu Debuchy has undertaken an Arsenal medical ahead of a move from Newcastle United worth a minimum of £8 million,can reveal.The France right-back will be confirmed as the Gunners' first summer signing when the formalities of the transfer are completed in the coming days.Goal understands that Arsenal will pay an upfront fee of £8m for Debuchy that will be supplemented by appearance-related add-ons.The 28-year-old defender revealed he was in talks to join Arsenal in the wake of France's exit from the World Cup last Friday.The terms of the deal were finalised over the weekend, allowing Debuchy to then complete a medical.Barring any late hitches, the Frenchman will be confirmed as Bacary Sagna's successor later this week, with the possibility that it could be timed to coincide with the launch of the new Puma kit deal on Thursday.Arsenal's spending on transfer fees could reach the £40m mark in the next week as they are also on the verge of capturing Alexis Sanchez. As revealed by Goal on Sunday, the Gunners have agreed to pay Barcelona a £32m fee for the Chile star and have also agreed in principle a financial package with him.Wenger moved for Debuchy after deciding to buy a proven right-back rather than a more inexperienced player in the mould of the 21-year-old Toulouse defender Serge Aurier, who had been closely pursued by the Gunners after it became clear than Sagna was joining Manchester City.Having watched Juanfran, another experienced target, sign a contract extension with Atletico Madrid, Wenger sanctioned a swoop for Debuchy.The Frenchman has been the regular right-back at Newcastle since joining from Lille in January 2013 and started four of France's five World Cup matches ahead of Sagna.
John Kasich is suspending his bid for the White House, The Hill has confirmed.
The Ohio governor will make the announcement about his campaign at 5 p.m. on Wednesday in Columbus, Ohio, his campaign said. Kasich abruptly canceled a news conference planned for Wednesday morning outside Washington, D.C.
ADVERTISEMENT
This follows Kasich's third-place finish in Indiana, where GOP front-runner Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE dominated with a landslide victory.
Kasich agreed to cease campaigning in the Hoosier State to clear a path for Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas), in an effort to stop Trump from getting the needed delegates to secure the nomination.
But Cruz suspended his presidential campaign Tuesday night after a devastating loss to Trump. Cruz and Kasich had already been mathematically eliminated from winning the nomination on the first ballot.
During his victory speech in Manhattan, Trump — now the presumptive GOP nominee — declared that Republicans will win in November and called on the party to coalesce around him and unite.
Kasich trailed Trump by almost 900 delegates. But he previously vowed to stay in the race in the hopes he could emerge as the party's nominee in a contested GOP convention this July.
The Ohio governor often trumpeted general election polls where he was the only GOP candidate to defeat Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE in the fall.
Kasich won just one state during the race, his home state of Ohio, and failed to gain traction in the Midwestern and Northeastern states that he had predicted would propel his candidacy. Kasich ended up with fewer delegates than Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE, who ended his own campaign in mid-March after he lost his home state of Florida.
The governor tried to set himself apart from the rhetoric of the Republican field, repeatedly saying that he would not "take the low road to the highest office in the land.”
Most swing-state polls found Kasich with the best chance of vanquishing either Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE, a point that his team cited repeatedly as they sought to keep his candidacy alive.
As the sitting governor of the state in which the Republican National Convention will be held, Kasich is likely to have a role -- and possibly a speaking slot -- in the July event. Those speculating about potential vice presidential candidates include Kasich on the list, although the former Congressman has, while he was a presidential candidate, rejected such talk.
Jonathan Easley and Lisa Hagen contributed.
— This post was updated at 1:34 p.m.
Photo by: The News-Gazette Strawberry Fields store's general manager, Jack Wallace, at the store in Urbana Friday July 11, 2014. Image
Image
Image
URBANA — Strawberry Fields will close its store at the end of business Dec. 14, with the possibility of another store opening in that space in 2015, General Manager Jack Wallace said.
A liquidation sale at the natural foods store and cafe will begin Dec. 1 and run through Dec. 14, with discounts starting at 30 percent off.
"A purchase of the business is under way, with the hope that it will reopen under new ownership sometime in 2015," Wallace said.
But he said he didn't know whether the new owners will use the Strawberry Fields name.
Strawberry Fields has operated from its location on the west side of downtown Urbana since 1991. But the store's history dates back to 1974, when it got its start at 1310 W. Main St., U, close to where the University of Illinois' Beckman Institute now stands.
The store moved to 202 E. Green St., C, in 1987 and operated there for three years. After closing briefly, it reopened in 1991 at its current site, 306 W. Springfield Ave., U.
At first, it occupied only the northern portion of the 9,900-square-foot building, but soon grew to fill the entire space.
The store carries natural and organic groceries, refrigerated and frozen foods, organic produce, bulk foods including tea and coffee, vitamins and body care products. It also has a coffee bar and in-house bakery and deli.
Strawberry Fields employs 28, including Wallace, who worked there from 1978-84 and returned in 1996 as general manager.
Staff members will have the opportunity to interview for open positions when the new owners are ready to start hiring people, Wallace said.
Wallace said the sale has not yet been completed and he did not know particulars about the new owners.
Owner Paul Dohme, who acquired the business in 1996, suffered a minor stroke earlier this year and decided to offer the store for sale, his nephew Darren Dohme said in July. At that time, Darren Dohme said the family hoped to market it locally to someone "with hands-on management" who would run the business themselves.
When Dohme announced that the business was for sale, Wallace described it as "a beloved institution" with a loyal customer base.
Only the business — and not the property — was being advertised for sale. The building is leased from Linda Post and Dean Woodrum, who was the owner of Strawberry Fields before Paul Dohme acquired it.
The store intends to operate the bakery, deli and coffee bar through the first week of the sale and, if supplies last, into the second week, he said.
Strawberry Fields chronology
1974 — Strawberry Fields opens at 1310 W. Main St., U, as a food cooperative.
1978 — Jack Wallace joins staff for six-year run.
1987 — Store moves to 202 E. Green St., C, for three years.
1991 — Strawberry Fields reopens at new site on west side of downtown Urbana.
1994 — Store announces plans to add deli/coffeehouse/juice bar.
1996 — Paul Dohme acquires business from Dean Woodrum; Wallace hired as general manager.
1997 — Store expands into vitamins and health supplements.
2007 — Strawberry Fields cuts back on cafe to make way for more natural and organic products.
2008 — Common Ground Food Co-Op announces plans to move to Lincoln Square in Urbana.
2010 — Wallace reports food sales growing faster than sales of vitamins, body care products.
2014 — Dohme puts business up for sale after suffering minor stroke; liquidation sale set for Dec. 1-14.
culture Inherent Weisse: Tips & Tricks for Cask Days Kicks
Our helpful tips on how to get the most out of a beer festival.
The Morana family—the owners of Bar Volo—have been growing their trendsetting festival for 11 years, and this year promises to be the biggest one yet. The festival will feature over 150 breweries and more than 300 (unfiltered and naturally carbonated) beers and ciders being served from all over the country, with highlights from Washington, New York, California, and the U.K. Without a doubt, Cask Days is a fun way for the brewers to stretch their creative muscles on unique brews, as well as giving folks the chance to see just how diverse and incredible beer can get.
Held at the beautiful Evergreen Brick Works, the festival is spread out over five sessions from Friday the 23rd to Sunday the 25th. Saturday sessions are sold out, though you can still get in on the Baller Pass, which gives access to the entire weekend.
For some of you going, this might be your first beer festival (lucky you!) and for others, this isn't your first alcohol rodeo. However, inexperienced newbies and seasoned vets all can stand to learn a few things on how to handle themselves out there in the big, boozy battlefield. With that, here are a few tips and tricks I've learned over the years that will ensure you have a grand time out at a beer festival.
(It should be added that while I'm specifically talking about Cask Days here, these rules can be applied to any beer festival.)
Don't drive
All the experts agree, if you participate in any beer event, you will in no way be suitable to drive. Thankfully, Cask Days offers a $5 shuttle service to and from the festival that is walking distance from Broadview Station or right outside the Brick Works. If sitting with people bugs you, call a cab. Either way, stay alive and don't drive (G.I. JOOOOOOOE).
Bring cash
Beer tokens and food cost money and, while there will be ATMs available at the festival, that's just going to be one more line you'd have to get in before enjoying yourself. Save yourself some time by bringing some cold, hard cash along with you.
Plan ahead but plan to go off-plan
There will be over 300 beers served at this year's festival. With that comes a painful realization: You are not going to be able to drink all of these beers. Really. Don't even try. Like Paul Newman said to Redford: It's not. Gonna. Happen.
Luckily though, most beer festivals put out a list of the beers that will be featured beforehand, so you can figure out what you might want. Here's Cask Days' list. Handy hint, remove the beers you've tried before and narrow the list down by figuring out what appeals to your personal tastes, your sense of adventure, and your morbid curiosity. For instance, I like a good English Best Bitter, so I'll be giving the one by Washington's Machine House Brewery a try. That said, California brewery Monkish Brewing Co.'s “Hard Drive Problems” (barrel fermented saison with strawberries, blueberries & cherries) and Sawdust City's “So What'cha Want” (cucumber jalapeno golden beach ale) sound downright interesting.
With that said, one of the fun aspects of beer festivals is that things never go according to plan. One of the things I love doing is asking people what their favourites have been so far. More often than not I discover a lot of beers that were not on my list, and that I would have been upset if I missed out on. You may start to see your carefully considered plan deviating, but as long as you're having fun, don't worry about it!
Also, don't plan what beers to try according to ABV content. If you just want to get drunk, stay at home with a bottle of cheap whiskey and the complete box set of Jem & The Holograms. There are some incredible beers to be found that are both high and low in alcohol content.
Stay hydrated and eat something
Your family and I are worried that you aren't drinking enough water and eating as much as you should. A growing child, you are.
Look, in a festival like this, getting not-sober is inevitable. Staying hydrated with lots of water and eating some nice food will really help make sure that you won't be waking up at 3 p.m. the next day wondering where your head is. Along with plenty of designated water stations, Cask Days offers some incredible selections of food, such as snacks from 416 Snack Bar, sausages from WVRST, fried chicken from Chef Brandon Olsen, sandwiches from Porchetta & Co., and of course, pretzels from Pawel Grezlikowski of Hogtown Charcuterie. All of this food goes insanely well with beer. Getting hungry? Good.
Clean your glass
There are going to be a lot of different flavours at Cask Days, and in order to better appreciate them all, it helps that your sample glass won't contain anything from the beer you had last. Those water stations found throughout the festival are also there to let you clean your glass!
Don't be afraid to dump
If you're sampling a beer you just aren't digging, it's okay! You don't have to finish the thing and there will be plenty of places (usually by the water stations) where you can discreetly dump out the offending beverage. Part of the fun of beer festivals is going through all the ranges of flavours and discovering what you do and don't like. Have a quick solemn moment for the discarded beer and move on to the next one!
DON'T BE A JERK
Don't be *that* person at a beer festival. This includes, but is not limited to:
Pushing people, getting into fights, hitting on women you don't know, mansplaining beer to women, assuming that a woman is there with her boyfriend, making racist/sexist jokes, not knowing when to stop drinking and go home, instigating unwanted physical contact, enthusiastically dancing in a crowded area where there is no dancing going on, cutting in line for either beer or the washroom, spilling beer on other people, not cleaning the seat after you use the bathroom, getting in a festival volunteer's way, arguing with security, and generally, being an entitled douche.
All those above things? Yeah. Don't do those things. It's all common sense, but you'd be surprised how often people forget how to not be a jerk, and I have personally seen people do every one of those things at festivals. It's safe to say that if you're the type who thinks a great way to end a beer festival is to smash your glass on the ground, you are better off not attending and should probably come to terms with your own immaturity.
Being a jerk: Not even once.
Know where to take a breather
This goes out to my fellow introverts who have anxiety in crowds. Yes, there's going to be a lot of people attending (more at the evening sessions than the day ones), however if you start to feel overwhelmed, there are plenty of places to take a quiet time out that don't involve a bathroom stall. The Evergreen Brick Works is a beautiful old place with some areas that are very low traffic. Basically, anywhere there isn't a cask or a security guard telling you to steer clear is a good place to stand and relax a little. I don't have to tell you how to handle things, I'm sure you have your own methods, but just thought I'd give a heads-up that it won't be wall-to-wall people.
Non-introvert folks, if a person isn't up for talking with you, don't take it personally and leave 'em be.
Have fun
An incredibly important rule. You're at one of the best beer festivals there is. Enjoy yourself! Talk with people about the beer your enjoying! Make recommendations! Take in the whole vibe of this awesome event!
Toure in line for new contract as Man City plan special Zabaleta send-off
The Ivorian is out of contract at the end of the season but City insiders have revealed that he could yet be offered an extension
sources say there is a "strong chance" Yaya Toure will be offered a new contract in the coming weeks.
Toure's current deal expires at the end of the season and, unlike six of his team-mates who are in the same position, a final decision on his future is yet to be made.
Zabaleta is City's first PL legend
City confirmed on Saturday night that Pablo Zabaleta will leave the club this summer, and a special send-off has been planned for Tuesday night's home game against .
Toure could yet leave the Etihad Stadium at the end of the season, meaning he would be denied the type of farewell Zabaleta will receive, but unlike the Argentine he is keen to stay and negotiations are far from completion.
Zabaleta, 32, informed the club of his intention to leave some weeks ago. He believes, at this stage of his career and with a young family, that he can no longer keep up with the demands of competing in four competitions.
Toure has admitted publicly that he would like a new contract and senior City sources have now admitted for the first time that there is a distinct possibility that he will be offered one.
The club is conscious, however, that they will need to find a way to honour the Ivorian should an agreement not be reached and Tuesday's game proves to be his last at the Etihad.
Those plans could include inviting the long-serving midfielder back to the club next season for a pre-match presentation.
Jesus can't full Aguero void just yet
City have planned a special celebration of Zabaleta's nine-year spell with the club, including a montage featuring contributions from prominent fans as well as team-mates past and present.
It is also believed Zabaleta, rather than manager Pep Guardiola, will address fans via the public address system after the full-time whistle.
Guardiola did pay tribute to Zabaleta following City's 2-1 win over Leicester on Saturday, hailing the Argentine's role in turning the Blues into one of 's biggest clubs.
"Pablo is a legend," the Catalan said. "Today I spoke to Khaldoon in the morning, came here and before I arrived Pablo was already here. Pablo is a real legend in what he has done in the club, he has helped with his team-mates at the club to make a step forward, to try to compete to qualify for the , sometimes to win the , to be in Europe three or four times in a row, after they had gone 30 years and never been in Europe. That's why Pablo Zabaleta, in this kind of things, is so, so important."
He added: "Pablo teaches the new generation, the people who are coming in, what it means to be at the club, what it means to be in the Premier League, what many, many things mean. He's so important.
"I learned that at and , where the base of the squad were the people who grew up from the academy, in Catalunya at Barcelona and in , a lot of those players were there, and that is so, so important."
SACRAMENTO KILLER Who Murdered Two Sheriff's Deputies Is Illegal Alien (Video)
The man who shot two sheriff's deputies in California is an illegal alien.
The killer also went by the name “Julian Beltran” .
Luis Enrique Monroy-Bracamonte had been deported twice.
The Daily Caller reported:
Marcelo Marquez, the man accused to killing two sheriff's deputies in California was in the country illegally and had been deported twice to Mexico — once in 1997, and again in 2001. Marquez, 34, is accused of killing two sheriff's deputies Friday during a 6-hour crime spree in northern California. And Marcelo Marquez is not even his real name, it's actually Luis Enrique Monroy-Bracamonte, according to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. ICE filed paperwork Saturday to ensure he is turned over to immigration officials if he is ever released, though that is unlikely. “Monroy-Bracamonte was first deported to Mexico in 1997 following his arrest and conviction in Arizona for possession of narcotics for sale; he was arrested and returned to Mexico a second time in 2001,” the Sacramento Bee reports.
Monroy-Bracamonte's wife, Janelle Marquez Monroy, 38, also faces a charge of attempted murder as well as two counts of carjacking.
Owls are chock full of impressive abilities. (Photo: Rui Saraiva/Shutterstock)
Found on every continent except Antarctica, owls have been part of human culture and mythology for millennia. They're viewed as everything from wise old good luck charms to demonic harbingers of death. Why such prominent status in stories and symbolism? Part of that fascination comes down to an odd anatomy, one that makes them stand out among other bird species.
Many species are nocturnal, they're nearly silent fliers, they can swivel their heads around, they are often more easily heard than seen thanks to exceptional camouflage, and they certainly have expressive faces. All of this adds up to a very strange bird. Here are five ways owls are weird, but wonderfully so.
Not exactly eyeballs
Owls don't have eyeballs. Rather, they're more like eye tubes. They're elongated and held in place by "sclerotic rings," a bony structure in the skull. Because of this, owls can't really move or roll their eyes. That's why they have heightened mobility in their necks, but we'll get to that later.
Because the eyes are forward-facing, owls have binocular vision similar to humans, meaning they can see an object with both eyes at the same time. This gives owls a great ability to judge height, weight and distance. However while humans have a 180-degree field of view with about 140 degrees of it being binocular, owls only have a 110-degree field of view with about 70 degrees of binocular vision. But what they lack in binocular vision they make up for in extraordinary night vision and far-sightedness.
However, because they are far-sighted, they can't see objects up close. When they catch prey, they use filoplumes — small hair-like feathers on their beaks and feet — to feel out their food.
Finally, owls have not one, not two, but three eyelids: one is for blinking, one is for sleeping, and one is for keeping those precious peepers clean.
Swivel necks
There's nowhere you can hide from an owl. (Photo: goingslo/Flickr)
Okay so let's clear one thing up right away. Owl's can't turn their necks 360 degrees. It looks like they can, but it's actually only (only?!) 135 degrees in either direction from facing forward. This gives them an amazing total of 270 degrees of movement.
It's not easy to turn your head all the way to see over your shoulders, so owls have some special adaptations. First, instead of seven vertebrae in their necks like the average bird, owls have double that number! But their adaptations go well beyond just having 14 vertebrae in their necks. They have extra upgrades that help them survive while they turn their heads so dramatically and quickly. They have alternative blood vessels routing blood to the head, blood pooling systems to keep blood circulating to and from the brain when their neck movement cuts off circulation, and air-cushioned vessel casings so they don't rupture a blood vessel when snapping their neck around 135 degrees to look over their left shoulder.
Wonky ears
Owls have amazing eyes, sure. But often it's their ears that do the real work in hunting. Many species of owls have ears that are not only placed asymmetrically on their head but are also different sizes. The two differently sized and placed ears receive sound at slightly different times, providing the birds with exceptional abilities to pinpoint the location of sound; when a sound is equally loud in both ears, the owl knows it has zeroed in on the source and distance.
Meanwhile, their flattened faces funnel sound to the ears, magnifying it so that they can detect even the slightest sound from tiny prey.
Stealthy feathers
Owls are the ninjas of the bird world. (Photo: zpics/Flickr)
Owls are known as silent fliers. They need to be completely quiet if they want to swoop in on fast-moving prey. To accomplish this, they have broad wings that allow them to glide and minimize flapping, which is what creates most of the noise from a flying bird. Also, many species of owls have special flight feathers that minimize sound when flapping their wings.
Along the leading edges of the primary flight feathers are stiff fringes, reminiscent of the teeth of a comb, that act to reduce turbulence. Then on the trailing edges of the same feathers are soft fringes, sort of like the frayed edges of a torn piece of cloth, which further reduces remaining turbulence. The wings are also covered in downy feathers to dampen sound even more.
With these specially designed feathers, instead of the woosh-woosh-woosh sound we hear from the wing beats of large birds like ravens, it's difficult to hear owls at all. This gives them the ability to sneak up on unsuspecting prey.
Funky feet
Owls have a foot structure called zygodactyl, which is similar to the structure of the feet of woodpeckers and parrots. Owls have four toes, three of which face forward and one backward when flying. However, when perched or grasping prey, the outer front toe can swivel back so that two toes face forward and two faces backward. This allows an owl a better grip on prey or a branch.
But for a truly exceptional grip, owls have the ability to lock their toes around an object so that they don't need to continually contract their muscles. Maximum grip with minimal effort.
5 owl facts that will amaze you
Let's face it, owls are weird. But in wonderful ways like how they fly so silently and how they are able to turn their necks so carefully.
I was sitting in a circle with my friends of Argentina, and at last it was my turn. I was passed the mate, a specially cured gourd, decorated and made attractive on the outside, but filled with yerba mate and hot water on the inside. I eagerly placed my lips around the bombilla, the special metal straw with a built-in filter for the tea, and began to drink the mate. It immediately burned my lips and my tongue, and well, just about my entire upper digestive track, and that surprised me. No one else in the circle had flinched, scrunched their faces, or “prepared” themselves before taking their sips. Obviously, mate would take some getting used to. In addition to the very hot water, the taste wasn't quite what I'd be dying to have in my mouth. It was made without sugar, just herb and scolding hot water, but it wasn't so bad. For me, what made my first mate experience so enjoyable (if I look past the 3rd degree burns) was the social aspect.
Mate is often drunk socially among a group of friends, or sometimes even strangers, and everyone shares the same bombilla. Yep, nothing says friendship like shared germs. I observed as the friend who'd brought all the mate supplies (a thermos, the yerba, and the mate gourd) would receive the mate after each person finished drinking all the water from the mate. She refilled it with the hot water from the thermus and would pass it to the next person. When it finally came back around to me, I braced myself, curled my lips, and ridded the mate of the water. I eventually learned that curling my lips led to getting burned. I was just supposed to suck normally.
I eventually learned to love mate, and after four months of living in Argentina, I finally bought my thermos (in Missiones), completing my set, which consisted of the mate, yerba, bombilla, and finally the therm0s. Once complete, I always had a bombilla in my mouth. Actually, my doctors told me to kind of “chill out” with drinking so much mate, because it'd make me jittery and wouldn't let me sleep. But I felt like an Argentine, and at last, I understood why they all are constantly drinking the darn thing. Argentinians drink mate everywhere. You'll see a woman in the passenger seat of a car as it goes by, with a mate in her hand, preparing it for whomever is driving. You'll see a family caring a special bag made to carry a thermos, mate, and bag of yerba as they walk through the busy streets of a shopping area. You'll see a group of friends drinking it in the park or on the steps of their home. And when it's too hot for mate, some enjoy tereré, the yerba with cold ice water or with cold juice. Mate mate mate everywhere. But I'm not complaining. I love mate, and I guess after four months of living in Argentina, that's exactly how it should be.
– Knives
Comment!
Solid State Recording artists, Fit For A King have announced a new album, Slave To Nothing, to be released October 14th. Produced by Will Putney (Suicide Silence, Miss May I) Slave To Nothing promises to be their biggest sounding and most cohesive work to date. Although composed of a humble and unassuming quartet in their early 20's, this is not a statement to be taken lightly.Smashing onto the Solid State roster with their 2013 release Creation/Destruction, Fit For A King had the BIGGEST album debut in the history of the label (which is no small feat considering their catalogue also includes heavyweights such as Underoath, August Burns Red and Demon Hunter). Well exceeding expectations the band found themselves in the enviable position of #3 on the Billboard Heatseekers Chart.
Musically Absolute Punk noted the bands ability in “churning out high quality, apocalyptic 3-minute breakdowns.” This is a somewhat simplified summation of their sound, as in addition to the metallic assault, there are melodic moments, grave atmospherics and messages of faith throughout.
Another of the band's strengths is in their live show and unending enthusiasm for the road. Composed of Ryan Kirby (vocals), Bobby Lynge (guitar), Jared Easterling (drums) and newest member Ryan O'Leary (bass/clean vocals), Fit For A King has crisscrossed the nation repeatedly since signing to Solid State. This includes supporting acts including For Today, Upon A Burning Body, Attila, Like Moths To Flames, Stray From The Path, Impending Doom, and making a stop on the 2014 Vans Warped Tour.
This experience and the members world view has expanded through their travels, which in turn has informed the new album's lyrics. Speaking on the overall lyrical theme for Slave To Nothing Kirby reveals “since getting signed and becoming a full-time touring band we have become very cognizant of addiction in its many forms. We encounter very different types of people on our travels and it is apparent that many people out there are addicted to something. This can be drugs or alcohol of course but it also is money, fame and even happiness.” ? Songs like “Hooked” on Slave To Nothing delve into the topic of happiness as the vocalist explains “It's become a prevalent attitude in society to put yourself first, even if your happiness is at the expense of someone else's.”
“Hooked” stands in line with one of the central themes on Slave To Nothing as Kirby states “we aren't in this for money, especially in the current state of music. We aren't driven by the need for fame or excesses as a band. We aren't slaves to any of that behavior; we are just excited to play our music for people. That being said, even though we write about faith, these also aren't happy Christian songs. We struggle just like anyone who connects through our music.”
Some of these struggles have come through the loss of friends in the recent past. “Young & Undeserving” deals with O'Leary losing a close friend to substance abuse. “That passing was devastating to Tug (O'Leary's nickname within the band) but it's also the questioning of what comes after that is central in that song. We are told that good Christians are assured a place in the afterlife but how could someone who is a good person, regardless of religion not be allowed in as well?”
In addition to the lyrical themes, the band says Will Putney's input as a producer also helped the progression on the new album. On the musical differences found with Slave To Nothing, Kirby notes “we were very green when we recorded the other albums. Performance wise we were tight but after getting signed we didn't have much experience in experimenting in the studio or developing the songs. This time around working with Will, he really gave input and above the board dedication to make this record great! Some of that input ranged from being honest enough to tell us to trash certain riffs because we could do better to even noticing repetition of the word ‘me' in a verse and suggesting revisions.”
While fans attending the band's sets during Warped Tour have gotten some previews of the forthcoming album, Fit For A King have confirmed tour dates from August well into Spring 2015. Slave To Nothing is coming, don't miss it.
RIO DE JANEIRO (RNS) As Brazil counts down to the opening of the World Cup on June 12, churches in cities hosting the international soccer tournament are not content to sit on the sidelines and cheer.
They've launched a nationwide campaign to raise awareness of the hundreds of vulnerable children at risk of sexual exploitation during the monthlong competition.
With an estimated 600,000 soccer fans expected to arrive in Brazil within a matter of days, the South American nation is under pressure to combat its international reputation as a destination for child sex tourism.
Church leaders fear the heavy flow of tourists during the games could fuel an explosion of sexual trafficking of children and teens at fan fest locations around the World Cup arenas. Thousands of youngsters will be on school holidays during the event, and the risks of exposure to criminal gangs and predatory individuals is significantly higher.
An estimated 250,000 children are sexually abused every year in Brazil, according to nonprofit child advocacy organizations, and the numbers spike around major sporting events.
Research by Brunel University in England and Childhood Brazil , a human rights organization designed to protect children, shows sex crimes against children increased by 66 percent during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa and by 28 percent during the 2006 games in Germany.
A network of Brazilian churches and nonprofit groups has joined forces to form Bola na Rede or “Back of the Net” in English, a nationwide campaign alerting tourists to the dangers facing the country's children.
“Over the last three years, we've been preparing churches in the 12 cities, encouraging them to mobilize their congregations so they actively do something in the days leading up to and during the World Cup,” said Ronald Neptune, the national coordinator of Bola na Rede and a missionary with the United World Mission in São Paulo, referring to the 12 host cities.
“As Christians, we can't just clap our hands and praise the Lord, we have to work to make a difference to the lives of the young people at risk,” he said. “We can be the eyes and ears on the streets and the motivating force that gets people out leafleting and speaking to tourists about how they can be vigilant to help protect our children.”
On May 18, over 97,000 Christians took to the streets in Brazil's host cities in a nationwide day of marches. Outside the World Cup stadium in Itaquerao, São Paulo, where the opening match between Brazil and Croatia kicks off on June 12, churchgoers gathered to protest peacefully with banners and posters. They then knelt in prayer for victims of sex abuse on the grass outside the stadium. This coming week, evangelical churches will hold a series of daily prayer sessions on child sex abuse.
The Brazilian government is getting into the game, too. Last month, legislation was introduced increasing prison sentences and making those arrested for child sexual exploitation ineligible for bail. The government has also launched a series of advertising campaigns in English warning tourists that offenders will not escape prosecution.
“We need to keep our children off the streets,” Neptune said. “We're supporting about 20 churches in each of the host cities who are planning to stay open with school vacation projects. They will provide Bible-related activities, games, sports and stories to occupy the children.”
In Porto Alegre, in the southern state of Rio Grande do Sul, Joane Morais knows what it's like to be destitute. The 37-year-old mother of eight was sexually abused as a child and thrown out of her home when she fought off her attacker with a knife.
But last December Morais' life changed drastically when women from a local Baptist church knocked on her door saying they were part of Bola na Rede and were working to protect vulnerable children and their families.
“Their involvement in my life made me realize the risks my children and others face,” she said. “Now I've started going out to talk to other vulnerable mothers to teach them about God's love and the importance of protecting their children from the various forms of violence in our community, especially sexual exploitation.”
According to REST (Real Escape from the Sex Trade), a direct service faith-based charity in Seattle, raising awareness around major sporting events like the Super Bowl and the World Cup is essential, but providing a long-term service is crucial to making a profound difference.
“The World Cup in Brazil will provide an international stage to highlight the issue,” said Bridget Battistoni, REST's chief operating officer. “But we know from experience that when the coverage ends and the cameras disappear there are still hundreds of people desperately needing help. We want the church and the people engaged in the anti-trafficking movement to be in it for the long haul, not just for the big moments.”
It's a sentiment echoed by Neptune, who says Brazilian churches are only now awakening to the extent of the problem after decades of silence. “The World Cup must be the start to what we do,” he said. “We need a cultural shift in our churches so our children are protected for the long term.”
EDITOR'S NOTE: The number of children sexually abused each year in Brazil was incorrectly attributed to UNICEF in an earlier version of this story.
YS/AMB END COELHO
For all the talk of Cup magic this was in the end an orderly out-ground experience for Arsenal, a 2-0 fifth-round victory that felt by the end like a gently convalescent night out in the southern suburbs. Gander Green Lane is a clattery low rise lodged between rows of pebble-dashed semis, its edges marked out by a row of scaffold-pole huts and the remains of a venerable wood and ironwork stand. Before kick-off Arsène Wenger could be seen signing autographs in the car park, smiling fondly on the touchline and generally looking like a man rather enjoying being in such homely surroundings after the trauma of that career-low 5-1 Champions League thrashing in Munich last week.
In the hours before the match the narrow streets around the ground had been clogged with a well-mannered crush, pubs and newsagents spilling out with amused, good-natured locals. As the Arsenal bus edged its way in and disgorged the away team there were shouts of “who are you?” but more craned necks and camera flashes and genuine curiosity at these visitors from the footballing over-world. And there was an oddly gripping intimacy about all this for Arsenal's fans too, the usual glazed and distant superstars recast in the kitchen-sink proximity of a ground built on a more human scale.
Sutton's Deacon dares to dream but Arsenal finally end FA Cup fairytale Read more
Even Gunnersaurus looked absurdly huge wandering about in the centre circle, frolicking awkwardly with his more off the shelf counterpart Jenny the Giraffe. Before kick-off the Arsenal players came wandering out of the clubhouse doors on to a pitch milling with families and club officials. The warm-up took place a few feet in front of the narrow away gantry, the Rapid Readymix End re-cast as an Arsenal stronghold for the night.
So much for the levelling effects of the non-league mud-box. Local dignitary Alan Pardew had cut the ribbon on Gander Green Lane's lovely, lush 3G surface a few years back. The rain before kick-off was absorbed effortlessly into its glossy sheen, and it played beautifully throughout, albeit lending the entire occasion a training-match feel. Plastic has its practical points at this level. But somehow it still doesn't feel quite right.
Sutton handled the occasion beautifully, from stewarding the relatively huge crowds, to managing the demands of the day. As kick-off approached the smell of fried onions mingled suddenly with the unexpectedly moving, crackly Tannoy rendition of Pavarotti's Nessun Dorma, capped at the end with a lengthy, deadpan monologue from the PA announcer on the merits of local sponsors Angel Plastics, which apparently has the lot from fascias to coverings.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Under the lights at Gander Green Lane. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian
At weekends the main hall at Gander Green Lane hosts “the home of real music”, also known as the Boom Boom Club. Upcoming acts include Hats Off To Led Zeppelin, TooREX and Rollin' Stoned, and this was in its own way kind of tribute act Arsenal starting XI, much changed, but still with eight internationals and Shkodran Mustafi possibly the first reigning World Cup winner to play at the ground.
The early stages were low-pressure and a little messy. With 15 minutes gone the match produced its first significant action as a very slender sort-of streaker in tight underpants and a rubber giraffe's mask on his head appeared. He gambolled around for a while then wandered off, persuaded away by a steward. Ten minutes later it was Lucas Pérez's turn to scamper through on the opposite side, checking in off the right flank onto his left foot like an Arjen Robben flashback and feeding a low shot into the far corner to make it 1-0.
Arsène Wenger: I could never manage in non-league, it is too difficult Read more
Sutton passed neatly, tackled cleanly and generally looked a good team, a further tribute to the impressive depth of English football through the levels, often overlooked in the rush to carpet weakened Premier League teams. Craig Eastmond, who made his FA Cup debut for Arsenal alongside Theo Walcott in 2010, played neatly in midfield. Nicky Bailey took a lot of ribbing before this game after revealing that his pre-match meal is nine chicken nuggets, albeit Bailey does also have eight years of League football behind him. He also played well here, sitting close to his defence and using the ball carefully.
Sutton may be a small club but they have a grand old history of their own, a native for many years of the southern suburban Isthmian league, founded as a bastion of Hellenic amateurism with the motto honor sufficit. Here Paul Doswell's team kept playing neat, passing football even as Walcott made it 2-0 in the second half in front of the Arsenal end, to the loudest cheer of the night.
For Arsenal there was little to gain from their night on the Surrey fringes, but there were positives, with Pérez a lively presence, Mustafi as phlegmatic as ever and perhaps, more importantly, Wenger calm and even rather cheerful on the touchlinein his terrible grey quilted coat. Arsenal will now face Lincoln City in the quarter-finals, passage towards another FA Cup final at Wembley a minor note in the ongoing Wenger endgame.
CLOSE Cynthia Martinez was last seen at a bar in Keizer on July 16, 2017.
The family of a Woodburn woman is desperately searching for Cynthia Martinez, 26, who was last seen at a Keizer bar over the weekend. (Photo: Special to the Statesman Journal)
Keizer Police have identified a person of interest related to a missing Woodburn woman last seen leaving a Keizer bar roughly three weeks ago.
Cynthia Martinez, 26, was last seen at Tequila Nights, a bar and grill located at 3393 River Road North around 2:35 a.m. Sunday, July 16th.
In the hours leading up to her disappearance, Martinez attended a birthday party in the Woodburn area Saturday evening and arrived at the Keizer bar around 12:30 a.m. Sunday, according to Keizer Police.
Martinez was seen leaving the bar with two Hispanic males roughly two hours later. She joined the two men in a blue 2004 Honda Odyssey minivan and left the bar.
She hasn't been seen or heard from since.
Investigators found the van on Monday, July 17.
Jaime Alvarez-Olivera, 30, is a person of interest related to the disappearance of a Woodburn woman last seen at a Keizer bar on Sunday, July 16, 2017. (Photo: Keizer Police Department)
Keizer Police identified one of the men as Jaime Alvarez-Olivera, 30, who is believed to have lived in the Woodburn area.
Officials believe Alvarez-Olivera left the Marion County area on July 16 shortly after Martinez was last seen with him. Police have not been able to locate him. Kuhns said Keizer Police is unsure whether he has left the country.
"Identifying his residence or individuals he lived or worked with, or who may have known or associated with him, could be very important to the ongoing investigation," said Deputy Chief Jeffrey Kuhns.
Alvarez-Olivera was last employed as a farm laborer who harvested berries. Kuhns said he worked for a labor firm where he would call in every morning and would be directed to different labor jobs on a daily basis.
Police are asking anyone with information about where he lived, who he associated with or who he may have worked for to contact Keizer Police.
The second man, who is not being identified by police, is cooperating with investigators.
Buy Photo Angelica Castillo, the mother of missing Woodburn woman Cynthia Martinez, speaks with the media at Keizer Police Department on Wednesday, August 9, 2017. (Photo: Lauren Hernandez / Statesman Journal)
Officials held a press conference Wednesday morning to answer questions about the investigation. Martinez's family attended to ask the community for help in locating Cynthia and Alvarez-Olivera.
Martinez's mother, Angelica Castillo, held hands with her husband Cesar Castillo while pleading for clues pointing to the location of her daughter.
"My heart tells me she's alive, she will come back to us because I have complete faith in God, we just need the help of the community," Castillo said.
Castillo said Martinez's family and family-friends have driven up and down streets in Keizer and Woodburn searching for her daughter every day since filing a missing person report more than three weeks ago.
Castillo said she often struggles to sleep at night and wakes up every morning and says a prayer to get reunited with her daughter. She has taken care of Martinez's children, ages 6 years, 7 years, 9 years and three months old, since her disappearance.
Buy Photo Angelica Castillo and Cesar Castillo, Cynthia Martinez's mother and stepfather, speak with the media at the Keizer Police Department on Wednesday, August 9, 2017. (Photo: Lauren Hernandez / Statesman Journal)
Martinez's children are unaware of the reason for her absence, but often say they miss their mother and wonder where she is.
"They don't know the concept of what's going on, but I know they're hurting," Angelica Castillo said. "You break down for ten minutes and then compose yourself before you open the door because there are kids that are looking up to us."
The family created t-shirts with Martinez's photo and information, passed out fliers and created a Facebook Page to get the public's help in locating Martinez.
"It's like living in a nightmare," said Cesar Castillo, Martinez's stepfather.
Cesar Castillo stared into television camera lenses and spoke directly to Alvarez-Olivera, telling him to contact police.
"We just want to know what happened," Cesar Castillo said. "Contact the police or contact us if you don't want to talk to police."
Martinez's family said they do not recognize Alvarez-Olivera and are confident Martinez was not acquainted with him before meeting at the Keizer bar the night she disappeared.
Cynthia Martinez is seen with Jaime Alvarez-Olivera, 30, leaving the the Tequila Nights Bar & Grill at approximately 2:35 a.m. on Sunday, July 16th. (Photo: Keizer Police Department)
Keizer Police officials said they've spent more than a thousand hours investigating Martinez's disappearance with the help of the FBI, the Oregon Department of Justice, the Marion County District Attorney's Office, and other local law enforcement agencies in both Marion and adjoining counties.
She is described as being 5 feet 1 inch and 135 pounds with dark brown eyes and black hair. She was last seen wearing a short black romper with a pink floral design. Two prominent tattoos on her chest read "Dominguez" and "trust no one."
Anyone with information about Martinez's disappearance is asked to contact the Keizer Police Department at 503-856-3529. Police are accepting anonymous tips.
For questions, comments and news tips, email Lauren Hernandez at lehernande@statesmanjournal.com.
Read or Share this story: http://stjr.nl/2vPaV87
Then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton discussed with aides the chatter on cable news about whether she actually suffered a concussion in 2012, according to emails released by the State Department on Friday.
A week before she was to testify before Congress in December 2012 about the attacks in Benghazi, Clinton postponed her appearance with aides explaining she had fainted and suffered a concussion.
On Dec. 20, chief of staff Cheryl Mills forwarded Clinton by email a transcript of Fox News host Greta Van Susteren discussing Clinton's health with Arizona Republican Sen. John McCain.
“Senator,” Van Susteren said during that segment, “there is a report from the State Department that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will testify on Benghazi before the middle of January. There has been some criticism of whether or not she has a concussion. I believe she has a concussion. What do you think?”
McCain replied: “I have never seen her back down. And I believe that she is now not physically well enough to testify and she will testify the middle of January.”
Mills sent a transcript of that interview to Clinton's personal email — hrod@clintonemail.com — and to close aide Huma Abdein.
Speaking of McCain, Clinton replied: “Huma called him and [South Carolina Sen. Lindsey] Graham.”
“Also,” Clinton added, “someone should call Greta VS to thank her for ‘knowing the truth.'”
The emails released Friday, ahead of the Memorial Day weekend, are a few of the thousands the Democratic presidential candidate has turned over to the State Department from her personal email account. Clinton acknowledges she used that email account for both personal and official business.
See the email:
Follow Alex on Twitter
by James Corbett
corbettreport.com
December 16, 2017
Almost exactly a year ago, just as the "Russia hacked the election!" delirium was taking shape, I pooh-poohed the idea that "Russiagate" (as it has come to be known) would persist for very long. Once the Trump administration started plowing ahead with its agenda, I argued, the Dems would toss Hillary aside and move on with politics as usual.
Russiagate fading away as Democrats come to terms with the 2016 election? Really, James?
Now I've made some inaccurate predictions before (OK, a lot of inaccurate predictions), but that one takes the cake in terms of how wrong I ended up being.
If you want a demonstration of this point, just type "russia collusion" or "russia interference" into your search engine of choice and feast on the millions and millions of nothingburgers that have been produced this past year chasing this non-story. It would almost be comical how stupid these stories were if it wasn't for the fact that they have real world consequences.
Remember when the evil Russkies hacked the Vermont electrical grid?! Of course you do. But do you remember when the MSM presstitutes immediately amended their fear porn story to admit that the grid had not, in fact, been hacked at all? Of course you don't, because the headlines are reported breathlessly and the "corrections" are issued quietly.
And do you remember when the dastardly Russians hacked into the voting systems of 39 states before the 2016 presidential election? Yeah, that didn't actually happen, either.
And remember when the Russians went international and took their well-known operation to control people's minds through Facebook ads across the pond to England, where they successfully pulled off "Operation Brexit?" Well the results are in, and the latest headlines tell of the startling breadth and scope of this mass mind-control experiment: "Facebook says Russian-linked accounts spent just 97 cents on ads over Brexit."
And remember when ABC's Brian Ross reported that candidate Trump directed Flynn to make contact with Moscow? Well one stock market crash later the suspended Brian Ross would like you to know that he meant president-elect Trump. (Meh, close enough!)
And remember when CNN dropped its bombshell story about how Wikileaks, those known Russian collaborators (*citation needed), were caught sharing their leaks in advance with Team Trump last year (BOOM!)? Well, guess what? More fake news.
It's almost as if this whole Russiagate story is a wild goose chase that the fake news MSM is using to keep the American public distracted. It's a simple enough formula:
Use a scrap of information to create an elaborate conspiracy theory about nefarious Russian activities. Quietly retract the story when the information is discredited. Rinse. Repeat.
It's enough to keep the fluoride-addled, increasingly deranged Hillary holdouts renewing their subscription to the NY Times or the Washington Post even as it makes the rest of the population increasingly tired of the whole story.
But what if that's the point?
Unbeknownst to a large section of the public, there is a very real story about actual collusion between team Trump and a foreign power. The collusion is deep, nefarious, compromises American goals and interests and is being studiously avoided by the dutiful lapdog mouthpieces in both the anti-Trump and pro-Tramp MSM fake news camps (and even among many in the pseudo-alternative media). And you haven't heard a peep about it because this collusion touches the third rail of international geopolitics: Israel.
To uncover this story, let's go back to the whole Flynn plea deal drama. Remember that discredited Brian Ross story? The one that sent the stock market tumbling because everyone thought the whole administration was about to come crumbling down? Well, after the correction was issued and the dust settled, the Russiagate hysterics just continued bumbling along their merry way.
But wait. What was that story actually about? What did Flynn actually do?
For those paying attention, Michael Flynn, Trump's former national security adviser, pleaded guilty to one charge of making false statements to the FBI. Specifically, he denied telling the Russian ambassador not to respond too harshly to the sanctions that then-outgoing President Obama had just slapped on Russia, and he denied trying to convince Russia ("and several other countries") to take a specific position on a UN Security Council resolution that was submitted on December 21, 2016. According to Flynn's plea, both of these denials were false.
OK. So what?
So what, indeed. If the charge is Russian collusion then the first example is, if anything, actually counter evidence. Flynn, on behalf of the then-incoming President of the United States, asked the Russian ambassador not to get into a diplomatic tit-for-tat with Obama. That is not a smoking gun of collusion with a foreign power, it's just a simple job description for someone whose duty was to act as a diplomatic go between for an incoming administration. The only question is why Flynn denied having the conversation at all.
But what about that second denial? About the UN Security Council resolution? What was that all about?
The resolution in question, United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334, was submitted by Egypt on December 21, 2016 and passed unanimously with one abstention: the United States. The Flynn plea describes the resolution cryptically as pertaining to "the issue of Israeli settlements." More specifically, the resolution reaffirmed the UN Security Council's understanding that "the establishment by Israel of settlements in the Palestinian territory occupied since 1967, including East Jerusalem, has no legal validity and constitutes a flagrant violation under international law," among other equally fiery statements. As I noted at the time, the resolution's passage was remarkable for the fact that it was one of the strongest UNSC statements against Israel's ethnic cleansing of Palestine to pass a vote, not because such resolutions are never tabled but because they are always vetoed by the US.
So it was in this context that we can understand Flynn's position. He was ordered, according to his own plea, "to contact officials from foreign governments, including Russia, to learn where each government stood on the resolution and to influence those governments to delay the vote or defeat the resolution." The plea itself only states that the order came from "a very senior member of the Presidential Transition Team," but reports from inner sources soon confirmed who had specifically put Flynn up to this task: Jared Kushner.
Yes, that Jared Kushner.
The Jared Kushner whose family is so connected to Israel's zionist likudniks that he once let Benjamin Netanyahu sleep in his bed. (Yes, literally.)
The Jared Kushner who failed to disclose that he led a foundation that actually funded an illegal Israeli settlement. (Yes, really.)
The Jared Kushner who is actually leading Team Trump's quest for the "ultimate deal:" Israel-Palestine peace. (You can't make this stuff up.)
So just to spell this out: Trump's zionist son-in-law got Flynn to twist the arm of every single member of the UN Security Council to vote against a resolution condemning illegal Israeli settlements...and this is a Russian collusion scandal? That is so far from reality it doesn't even make sense. Unless, of course, you realize that there is almost no one on either side of the phony left/right divide willing to call out US-Israeli collusion because it enjoys completely bi-partisan support.
Haim Saban, the billionaire media mogul who was a key funder of Hillary's failed presidential quest, actually hosted a gushing, fawning celebration of Kushner at a recent Brookings Institution event. Meanwhile, Trump's main backer, Sheldon Adelson, just had his decades-long dream come true when Trump unilaterally recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Democrat. Republican. When it comes to this collusion story, there's no real difference.
This, of course, is just one window into the much, much bigger story of US-Israeli collusion. A story that would actually be worth all the attention that is currently being lavished on the Russiagate nonsense (and then some). But you will never see this story being blown wide open by a bombshell breaking news report on your favorite MSMBS channel.
Washington (CNN) Lightning hurt at least 11 Army Rangers on Wednesday as they trained to protect themselves from those very strikes.
The Army said nine students and two instructors were still hospitalized in Florida on Thursday after lightning hit 44 Rangers "conducting lightning protection protocols" at around 5 p.m. near Eglin Air Force Base near Pensacola. The group had completed six of the 10 days in their training program.
"The Ranger students and instructors reacted and got everyone proper medical care quickly," said Col. David Fivecoat, Airborne and Ranger Training Brigade commander. "Ranger students and instructors are tough, 31 students will return to training tonight and continue with increased medical monitoring as they try to earn their Ranger tab."
Seventeen students and two instructors stayed at the local hospital Wednesday night. The remainder were treated and quickly released.
In our interview series today I'd like you to meet Matt Thorson from Matt Makes Games.
Matt Thorson created one of our favorite games called Towerfall, an archery combat platformer for up to 4 players. This actually was the second game I bought on the OUYA. It's so much fun to play with my kids and friends, I really wanted to make this interview for quite a while now.
We'll talk about how he got into game development, about his success with Towerfall and his plans according to the OUYA and in general his future as game designer. Here we go!
Day of the OUYA: Hey Matt. Thanks for the interview. Before we get into
Towerfall itself, how about you tell us a little bit about yourself and
how you got into the gaming industry.
Matt: Hey! I've been making games since I was 14. I started with Game Maker, moved on to Flash games, and now I'm making larger downloadable titles. I live in Vancouver in what's called Indie House – it's a house full of indie game developers.
DotO: What is it like developing games for the OUYA? How was the support
from the OUYA team? What were your biggest hurdles that are unique to
the OUYA?
Matt: Developing for Ouya was a smooth process. The actual porting was easy and the Ouya team was very responsive. There are some technical hurdles with developing for Android, but TowerFall isn't a very technically demanding game so they didn't effect me much.
Hopefully the amount of consoles out there just keeps growing, I'm not sure the audience is big enough quite yet.
DotO: You listen quite closely to your fans at your forum. Which requested feature
already made it into the game? What are the plans for Towerfall in the
future? Online multiplayer, more Towers, Shuffle mode, NPCs?
Matt: I've already added two new variants suggested on the forums, and fixed a bunch of bugs that community pointed out. Working with the community is very important to me, but I also try to take all suggestions in context. I have a lot of new content planned, including new versus towers. The biggest planned addition is a full single player story mode.
DotO: You were featured on the EVO 2013 on July 12 – 14 in Las Vegas.
How was the overall reception given to this event? Were you able to
capitalize on the publicity generated by this event?
Matt: EVO was an amazing experience. The game was consistently drawing crowds, and a few players kept coming back to it. I jotted down contact info for a few of them, hopefully I can draw them into the community for PC release.
DotO: As the OUYA wants to attract more indie game designers, how well is
your financial return from Towerfall especially since it's one of the
most expensive in the store? Could you make a living from having a few games
just on the OUYA? Are there special conditions as it is OUYA exclusive?
Matt: I'm wary of claiming that you could make a living on Ouya games, although I won't say it's impossible. Hopefully the amount of consoles out there just keeps growing, I'm not sure the audience is big enough quite yet. Porting mobile games to the Ouya is probably not worth it. You need to be making larger games and charging $5, $10, $15, etc. to make it worthwhile. TowerFall is doing great, but it's almost certainly an outlier.
DotO: Do you have plans to port Towerfall to other platforms or do you already
have another game idea up your sleeve?
Matt: I'll be working on TowerFall for a while yet. I already have a bunch of new content and balance changes in the works for PC release, including the aforementioned single player story mode.
You need to be making larger games and charging $5, $10, $15, etc. to make it worthwhile.
DotO: Pedro and Amora from miniboss did the graphics, Alec Holowka the Music and Power Up Audio the sound. First are situated in São Paulo,Brazil, second in Winnipeg and last one in Richmond, both Canada. How did you overcome the distance and organize the development without great delay?
Matt: Alec used to be based in Winnipeg, but now he's living with me in Richmond. The only people where distance comes into play is with Miniboss, but they've been amazing about it. They work incredibly hard.
DotO: Last question. What are you planning for the future? Do plan new
activities for the OUYA or are you heading for another platform?
Matt: I want to continue supporting the Ouya version of TowerFall, keeping it updated with the features that I add to the PC version. For future projects I may continue to publish to Ouya, I like it as a platform.
DotO: Thank you for your time Matt. Again much appreciated and I'm very
excited to see more of your work in the future.
Matt: No problem! 🙂
Note: If you haven't played Towerfall yet, go to the OUYA store and do so! Afterwards … buy it! Worth every Cent.
Did you like the article? Help us spread the news and share it!
I made my own backgrounds for this one! I'm so proud of them! I'll be posting them shortly after this for free use~Poor Rarity. You should have heeded Opal's warning. (Although Opalescence is pretty much always like that.)Fluttershy's up next!---Rarity was confused about what she was reading. Since it was titled 'Cupcakes', she had almost been certain that Pinkie Pie had left the book here for her, and that it would have been full of recipes. The more she read, the more confused she became.It didn't take long for her to become overwhelmed by the strange, grim book she was reading, and Rarity dramatically passed out.When she awoke, to her surprise, she saw Twilight and Applejack standing over her, gently prodding her back to life. She discovered that they too had read the warped tale, and that the book was methodically disappearing and reappearing at will, in front of Pinkie's friends. The three of them had nearly agreed to split up and find the remaining ponies before the book found them, when all of them realized the pony that would be the most affected by the horrid tale; Fluttershy.Without a second thought, the ponies galloped in the direction of Fluttershy's cottage. Rarity could feel the blood rush from her face in fear. If she had fainted from reading two pages, how would kind, gentle Fluttershy react?---[You Are Here]
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg speaks at a conference in 2012. His company was one of the first in the tech industry to offer workers access to paid family leave.
Welcome to The American Prospect's weekly roundup highlighting the best reporting and latest developments in the labor movement.
(Compiled by Justin Miller—Edited by Harold Meyerson)
More and more Fortune 500 companies and leading localities have implemented mandatory paid parental and family leave policies, which have quickly become a major cause for the left. Still, there are already indications of an emerging geographic and industry-based gap.
While American workers' access to paid family leave remains abysmally low across the board, it's far more common in the lucrative tech and finance industries and in the liberal coastal states that mandate such policies. But those who are working blue-collar jobs or in the South are far less likely to have access to paid time off to care for newborns or sick loved ones.
If this emerging gap—between blue states and red states; high-road and low-road employers—is left unaddressed, paid family and parental leave may become yet another policy with stark disparities in its implementation.
As of 2015, only about 12 percent of American workers had access to paid family leave, barely up from 11 percent in 2011, according to an Associated Press report that cites a 2015 Bureau of Labor Statistics survey. Access to paid family leave for tech workers, however, jumped from 23 percent to 30 percent, three times more than the average of all American industries. In high-dollar industries that disproportionately employ professionals, like the tech and finance sectors, access to these benefits has become yet another perk to attract and retain young talent. It's become something of an industry arms race for the leading Silicon Valley titans—26 weeks off at Etsy; Microsoft, 20 weeks; 16 weeks for Facebook; Google, 12 weeks.
The liberal coastal states of California, New York, New Jersey, and Rhode Island, as well as a smattering of a few dozen localities, are the only ones in the country so far to mandate some type of paid family leave. California requires that workers get 55 percent of their pay for up to six weeks through a worker-funded insurance program. Earlier this year, San Francisco passed the country's most generous paid family leave law, which requires private employers in the city to cover the remaining 45 percent of workers' leave.
Elsewhere, things are much bleaker. Roughly 10 percent of workers in the service, manufacturing, farming, and construction industries have access to paid family leave—a percentage that's remained stagnant over the past five years, according to the AP analysis of BLS survey data. In the East South Central region—Alabama, Mississippi, Kentucky, and Tennessee—just 7 percent of workers have paid family leave benefits, well below the range of 10 to 15 percent in every other region.
As a new report from the National Partnership for Women & Families finds, access to other worker-friendly policies—including earned paid sick time, unpaid family and medical leave, and protections for pregnant and nursing women in the workplace—are passing in the bluer states of the country. The same goes for minimum wage hikes, which have been implemented in an ever-growing number of liberal cities and states.
So, apart from a drastic reshaping of political control in state legislatures or the resource-intensive passage of ballot measures, how do we address this gap? Many labor advocates assert that a federal paid family leave law is the only way to mandate widespread access. Building on the few state-level policies, last year advocates helped draft and introduce the Family And Medical Insurance Leave (FAMILY) Act, which would create a federal insurance program that would give workers access to up to 60 workdays or 12 workweeks a year for pregnancy and childbirth, caring for a new child, and dealing with their own serious health issue or that of a family member.
The legislation has become a top priority for Democrats, with 21 senators co-sponsoring it since New York Senator Kirsten Gillibrand first introduced it. It has also become a central part of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's domestic policy platform. Still, the likelihood of such an ambitious policy passing in Congress largely hinges on how well Democrats do in 2016—and just how high the legislation is on the Democratic agenda.
In the meantime, paid family leave's blue-state, high-dollar-industry momentum will likely widen its current access gap.
The hype for Texas Longhorns linebacker Malik Jefferson was quite high during his freshman year in 2015, but he managed to deliver. The former five-star linebacker finished the year as a Freshman All-American and is already starting to draw praise from NFL scouts.
A lot was expected of Jefferson during his first season, and those expectations have only been scaled up for his sophomore season. In fact, they're about as high as possible with Sporting News projecting Jefferson as a first-team All-American.
Here's what Sporting News had to say about Jefferson:
It's a big year for Charlie Strong at Texas, and Jefferson is a reason for that optimism. He stepped in as a freshman with 61 tackles and 2.5 sacks. Jefferson is an instinctive linebacker who can deliver the big hit. Will he help elevate the Longhorns' defense to something more as a sophomore?
It's a big jump from freshman All-American to first-team All-American, but Jefferson seems ready to at least attempt the leap. The Mesquitte product is the clear leader of the Longhorn team, and Texas needs Jefferson to play at an elite level to make a jump back into the national picture.
BATON ROUGE, LA.
Church-sponsored relief efforts are continuing in communities here still reeling from what is being called the “Great Flood of 2016.”
Several days of historic rainfall in mid-August overwhelmed rivers, caused widespread flooding and damaged or ruined more than 60,000 homes in Louisiana. Hundreds of Latter-day Saint families are counted among the legions affected by the flooding. Some 450 member homes were inundated and suffered various levels of damage.
Meanwhile, two Church meetinghouses — the Denham Springs Louisiana Stake center and the Windbourne meetinghouse — were severely damaged by several feet of flood water that destroyed flooring, pews, pianos and an organ.
The Baton Rouge Louisiana Temple was not affected.
“It's been overwhelming — and we've got a long way to go,” said Denham Springs Louisiana Stake President Christopher Hollis.
Members throughout the flood-affected regions responded immediately to help those in need. Some used boats or large trucks to rescue those in immediate danger. Later, when the rains finally cleared, their attention turned to ongoing relief projects.
Command centers were established in several Church meetinghouses where local disaster relief coordinators have utilized social media and 1-800-phone numbers to identify members in need. That information was then used to dispatch volunteer work crews donning Church “Helping Hands” yellow T-shirts and vests.
Hundreds of members and missionaries from the Louisiana area have been enlisted to help folks “muck out” their homes — removing mud and filthy water, pulling down damaged drywall and salvaging furniture and other household items.
“We're keeping very busy,” said Baton Rouge Louisiana Stake President Eric Bascom. “The past couple weeks have been difficult, but we've seen an outpouring of love from so many people.”
Such generosity is expected to continue over the coming two weekends. Thousands of Latter-day Saint volunteers from across Louisiana and several other surrounding states will be coming together to form a massive army of “Helping Hands” relief crews. Their clean-up efforts will focus on both flood-affected members and anyone else who needs assistance.
“When our people in their ‘Helping Hands' T-shirts arrive at flooded homes we hope we can be a breath of fresh air,” said President Hollis.
[email protected] @JNSwensen
A doctor has been barred from seeing patients while police investigate a woman's accusation that he ejaculated in her face, according to reports.
Dr. David Newman, an emergency physician at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City, allegedly administered a second shot of morphine when the 22-year-old woman visited for a sore shoulder on Jan. 11, the New York Daily News reported.
Conscious but unable to move, the woman claims the doctor fondled her breasts and then turned his back to her and began to masturbate. She then felt semen on her face and later collected some of the ejaculate in a plastic bag, the News wrote of the allegations.
Doctor accused of drugging patient and ejaculating on her face https://t.co/gaaEjoV5st pic.twitter.com/7E7vRuXN4i — Metro (@MetroUK) January 14, 2016
“This is a matter under investigation and we are fully cooperating with the appropriate authorities," the hospital said in a statement sent to The Huffington Post. "We take this matter very seriously and are conducting our own internal investigation. During this time the physician is not providing any medical services at Mount Sinai. The health and safety of our patients are of our utmost concern."
According to the New York Times, Newman was deployed in Iraq in 2005 and authored the book “Hippocrates' Shadow: Secrets From the House of Medicine."
Men's greater use of direct aggression is not evident in studies of intimate partner aggression. In previous research, the effects of target sex and relationship intimacy have frequently been confounded. This study sought to examine these effects separately. One hundred and seventy-four participants (59 male and 115 female) read vignette scenarios in which they were provoked by a same-sex best friend, an opposite-sex best friend, and a partner. For each target, participants estimated their likely use of direct physical and verbal aggression as well as noninjurious forms of anger expression. Results showed that men lower their aggression in the context of an intimate partnership and that this is an effect of the target's sex. In contrast, women raise their aggression in the context of an intimate partnership and this is an effect of intimacy with the target. The use of noninjurious angry behavior did not vary between targets for either sex of the participant, which suggests that the effects of target are confined to behaviors which carry an intention to harm. Possible effects of social norms and oxytocin-mediated emotional disinhibition on intimate partner aggression are discussed.
© 2011 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
With relentless air strikes and ground attacks against Islamic State in Syria, hundreds of their foreign fighters and supporters are massing on the Turkish border, trying to get out. Of the at least 20,000 foreign fighters estimated to have been in Syria, 2,500 were thought to be Europeans, of whom 850 were British. Many may have died, but those who remain are likely to try to return home at some stage. For many people, that will be a frightening thought.
Hundreds of Isis defectors mass on Syrian border hoping to flee Read more
The looming question is: what now? How do we treat them? Even if they say they are repentant or tired of bloodshed, can we trust them? What if these former fighters are returning to form sleeper cells and plan attacks on home soil? And how do we express our own anguish as we remember the innocent victims of their hateful acts or the brazen, ignorance-fuelled destruction of ancient sites?
It is easy to dehumanise: these are the ultimate bad guys, dressed in black, faces covered, killing and maiming with glee. However, there is more to them than meets the eye. For years researchers and activists have delved into why people have been radicalised. They have shed light on the humanity, frustrations and sometimes sheer naivety of those who heeded the call of Isis.
Some went to Syria out of compassion for the plight of Syrians at the hands of the Assad regime, and profound anger at the seeming inaction of their own governments – ignoring the thousands of Syrian civil society activists who begged them to stay away. Others, particularly, the younger women, wanted to free themselves of the shackles of familial expectations, and were lured by a mix of online sexual grooming and the promise of empowerment. Many were petty criminals evangelised in state prisons. Undoubtedly some have mental health issues, and others are simply opportunists.
As this tapestry of human grievance, pain and aspiration returns home, its inhabitants cannot be all tarred with the same brush. Each will need to be dealt with individually.
So what do we do? Many people probably hope that these people are killed or barred from the UK. In 2014 Theresa May, as home secretary, oversaw the passing of a law enabling the government to withdraw UK citizenship from naturalised and dual citizens. If any of the British returnees fall into this category, they could be exiled and forced into the rump of Isis or similar groups, roaming the world as mercenaries.
Many might assume they will be imprisoned. But prisons are key sites for recruitment and radicalisation. Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the Isis founder, was a two-bit nobody until he landed in an American prison in Iraq. The humiliation he experienced at the hands of US forces motivated his founding of Isis. Prisons in the UK, Belgium and France still have problems, so unless failures in the system are addressed, it is not a safe bet for returnees or the rest of us. In fact it could enable them to recruit a new cadre of supporters.
They could be rehabilitated into their communities. Many governments are running de-radicalisation programmes, in the hope that these can reintegrate returnees. But the success rates are shaky, in part because governments are not adept at addressing the complex psycho-social and emotional dimensions of de-radicalisation. Global experience indicates that programmes are most effective when they are led by, and involve, local communities and the families of returnees.
In Pakistan the Paiman Trust, a non-governmental organisation, combines psycho-social care with religious literacy, livelihood-skills training and even civic education to teach the reforming Taliban about their multiple identities and cultures as Pakistanis, Pathans and Muslims. In Iraq the Firdaus Foundation combines care with instruction. “I tell them jihad is not spilling blood on the streets, it is giving blood in hospitals,” says its founder, Fatima al-Bahadly.
Recognising their humanity is at the core of any of these programmes. “I wish them happy birthday, because no one has ever done that. They call me Baba,” says Shafqat Khan, of the Paiman Trust. It turns out caring brings the best outcomes. But it is painstaking work, and families can face tremendous stigma. Some may be ashamed to reclaim sons – and especially daughters – who have transgressed acceptable social norms. Others may be fearful of constant police surveillance. There is doubtless much anger, pain and sense of betrayal.
In the UK, whatever is done must be done mindfully. To avoid a backlash against minority communities, the government and media must emphasise that these returnees represent a minuscule minority of the 2.7 million Muslims in the UK. Some Muslims, like any other Britons, may have felt similar grievances as those who were radicalised, but they have gone on to lead normal lives – so rehabilitation programmes cannot be perceived as rewarding violence.
If we fall victim to this sort of thinking, we become that which we abhor and fear
Of course, we must be mindful of the pain of victims. Some may seek justice while clinging to their anger and pain. Others may wish to forgive, to escape the branding of victimhood. Many may seek solace in creating memorials to their dead. Whatever they choose, their right to speak for themselves must be upheld.
Ultimately, we must be mindful of our own humanity. Extremists can be violent because they separate themselves from “others”. They lose empathy and compassion. As we face the prospect of Isis returnees to the UK, we must challenge our own perceptions. It would be easy if they were all one-dimensional, Bond-movie bad guys – but they are not. If we fall victim to this sort of thinking, we become that which we abhor and fear.
Instead our collective task as a nation is to find our own deep well of decency and humanity, to be fair and compassionate, just and kind, and perhaps above all to care: about the victims, the perpetrators, and those who are both victim and perpetrator.
• Sanam Naraghi Anderlini is the co-founder and executive director of the International Civil Society Action Network
For the second year in a row a court has decided that a Thunder Bay woman suffering from chronic pain can deduct the cost of spending the winter in a hot climate. In the latest decision, the Tax Court of Canada has overturned a Canada Revenue Agency ruling, allowing Trudy Tallon to claim a medical expense tax credit of almost $17,500 for her winter spent in Thailand and Indonesia in 2009. These expenses included flights, accommodation and meals for her and her husband.
Canada's tax court has ruled that a Thunder Bay woman suffering from chronic pain can deduct the cost of spending the winter in Thailand and Indonesia.. ( Dreamstime )
Tallon was successful in a previous appeal when the Tax Court permitted her to deduct similar expenses of $22,510 incurred in 2008. This decision shows that the courts are frequently more sympathetic to taxpayers than the CRA and want to give them the benefit of the doubt. Therefore if a claim for a tax credit or tax deduction is turned down, it may be worth it to appeal the decision. In 2009, Tallon and her husband David Bullough wanted to spend the winter in the Dominican Republic, but they discovered the weather was not consistently hot enough to relieve her pain. So between January and May 2009, they spent time in Thailand until their visa ran out and then in Indonesia.
Article Continued Below
Evidence at the trial revealed that previously Tallon and Bullough visited Cambodia, Vietnam, Malaysia, Philippines, Burma, Ecuador, Venezuela, Honduras, Costa Rica and India to alleviate her condition. She testified that travelling to the United States to beat the cold weather was not an option because it was not warm enough and the medical costs were too high. Related: 6 ways to avoid a CRA audit The Crown argued that Tallon should not be allowed to claim the tax credit because the purpose of her trips was not to get ‘medical treatment.' Attendant costs for her husband were also challenged because she had previously travelled on her own to Texas for treatment. Justice Judith Woods ruled that the term ‘medical services' was broad enough to cover travelling to a warm climate for medical reasons. She was also satisfied that although Tallon could travel alone on a short trip to Texas for a medical appointment, a winter-long journey was an entirely different matter.
The judge was troubled by the number of countries Tallon and her husband visited over the years. That left the judge with the impression they were not selected solely for medical reasons. However, she ultimately decided in her favour because the crown didn't make the case that the locations or the amount of her expenses was unreasonable. Matthew Williams, a Toronto partner with the tax law firm Thorsteinssons says it is surprising the Crown did not attack the reasonableness of Tallon's $17,500 claim for a medical expense tax credit.
Article Continued Below
“He did not look at where she went or if there was a cheaper alternative where her medical needs could be met,” he says. Nevertheless, he says, “These are not hard and fast rules. They are subject to interpretation. It is certainly worth trying to get a more liberal interpretation from the courts than you would from the Canada Revenue Agency.”
Read more about:
‘The Wanderer: The Story Of Frank Soo' is out on 14 November
Author Susan Gardiner has just released a book on British Chinese footballer Frank Soo, entitled ‘The Wanderer: The Story Of Frank Soo'. Speaking to Resonate, Gardiner discusses her research and the importance of remembering Soo.
Frank Soo was the first Chinese footballer in the league and even played for England, making him the first non-white player to represent the country. However, his name has been lost in the depths of history and despite his talent, his name will fail to ring any bells with even the most seasoned football fanatic.
Why Frank Soo? What about him interested you?
SG: I write about the history of football, among other things, and I noticed his name in something I was reading and wondered why I had never heard of him, so I looked him up online. I later found out that a lot of the information that is online is factually incorrect but there was enough there to make me feel intrigued as to why someone who had achieved such great things in football was virtually unknown now. The more research I did, the more interesting he turned out to be. Then I managed to contact a member of his family – his nephew, John Soo – and realised that it was important to tell his story to as wide an audience as possible.
How did the idea of a book come out?
SG: There was just so much of a story to tell. Originally, I was thinking along the lines of a magazine article or maybe even a series of articles, but the more research I did the more I felt there was enough interesting material for a book. I also began to feel quite passionately that Frank Soo deserves to be back in the narrative of football history where he belongs and a book will do that far better than an article or a blog can.
Your book was funded through crowd funding, why crowdfunding and what were the challenges presented through crowdfunding?
SG: It was purely because of the lack of interest from mainstream publishers. This is my fourth book and the first three were commissioned by a publisher so I thought I'd be able to sell the idea to a sports publisher really easily. An example is one publisher who replied to my submission that the subject was “too niche.” I was really annoyed by this. There have been biographies of some fairly obscure footballers published, people who didn't achieve anything like as much as Frank Soo did, so why was he not considered to be a good subject? I decided on crowdfunding because I wanted to make sure I had enough to finance what was quite expensive research – he spent over 30 years in Scandinavia, for example – but actually the greatest benefit of crowdfunding for me was the publicity.
SG: It attracted a massive amount of interest and put me in touch with quite a few more members of the Soo family. In the end, I did receive interest from a couple of publishers but by that time I had a very clear picture in my mind of what I wanted the book to be like and I didn't want to compromise. I've set up a small, indie publishing company, Electric Blue Publishing, and I've found a way to distribute it worldwide so I'm happy with the decision I made.
Did you encounter any difficulties doing research on Frank Soo?
SG: It was very hard! The main problem was that there are very few people left alive who actually met him, let alone saw him play, so that made it difficult to find out first hand what sort of person he was. Another problem was he spent so much time in other countries, so finding out about his time as manager of Padova in Italy, or his long period coaching in Sweden, was a real challenge. I started to learn Swedish so that I could translate the newspaper articles that I found about him and I also had to translate the Italian ones too. In that sense it is the toughest research I have ever done.
Who was Frank Soo?
SG: You'll have to read the book!
Frank was a very impressive person, I think. He seems to have made an impression on every one he met. He had immense personal charm and was an extremely skilful footballer. I could list his achievements – the first professional footballer of Chinese heritage in England, the first and only Chinese footballer to play for England, alongside the great names of the game like Stanley Matthews and Tommy Lawton, Captain of the Royal Air Force football team during the Second World War, the manager of Norway at the 1952 Olympic Games, head coach of the national side of Sweden. I think there's much more to him than that though.
He was an inspirational figure, who brought a new style of professionalism to the game of football as both a player and a coach. When he was playing during the 1930s and 1940s, he was regarded as a hero and a role model and he was a household name, just as famous as Stanley Matthews. He deserves to be restored to that place.
Just how good of a footballer was he?
SG: He was one of the best players of his time. He was an elegant, creative winger, but not a prolific goal scorer. People loved to watch him play. Joe Mercer and Neil Franklin, both England internationals themselves, picked him in their all-time teams and I think it's better coming from those people who actually saw him play. These are just a few, typical descriptions:
SG: Stan Mortensen (Blackpool & England): “As a feeder of forwards, he was perhaps neater than the other three [George Farrow, Billy Wright and Joe Mercer], but perhaps not quite so destructive when it came to breaking up the other side's moves. Everything he did was hall-marked, however, and he seemed incapable of a clumsy movement.”
SG: Western Daily Press, 1935: “This sleek-haired inside-right was a fine dribbler, and his habit of tricking the Bristol men by throwing the ball up behind to a teammate as he was on the move often confused the home defence.”
SG: Sentinel, 1938: “Soo stood out so high above the others on Saturday [a 0-2 defeat at home to Leicester in which Frank scored] that one wonders what he really has to do to be officially acknowledged the best wing-half in England today – he is already unofficially acknowledged to be that, on those grounds that have seen him in the last two or three months.”
Why do you think he wasn't remembered in football folklore?
SG: That's a big question, with a complicated answer, I think. Some of it is certainly connected with the fact that he left England in 1951 to coach in Italy and rarely returned until he retired. He managed Scunthorpe United for one season, but British football was very insular then and the press gradually lost interest in him. I think it would have been different if he had stayed coaching in England. That doesn't explain everything, however. I read a lot of books covering the period when Frank Soo was at the height of his fame and he is barely mentioned in any of them.
SG: It's quite bizarre, especially when you compare it with the adulation he received at the time. It is very hard to understand why he almost became invisible and, it has to be said, I do think it's connected with the fact that he was partly Chinese. Frank Soo thought that was the reason why he was not picked for England more often and he was in the best position to know. I don't think he would have disappeared quite so completely from football history if he had not been perceived as being “different” – although that isn't the only reason. I hope that people will make up their own minds when they have read his story.
‘The Wanderer: The Story Of Frank Soo' is out on now. Click here to buy.
Seoul (CNN) Standing near the front line of the world's tensest standoff, President Donald Trump on Wednesday issued a direct and personal warning to North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, declaring during his first major speech in Asia that continued nuclear provocation could result in the communist nation's obliteration.
"The weapons you are acquiring are not making you safer, they are putting your regime in grave danger," Trump said during an address at South Korea's National Assembly in Seoul. "Every step you take down this dark path increases the peril you face."
In a bruising insult of the repressive regime founded by Kim Il-sung in the middle of last century and governed in his image ever since, Trump diminished the kingdom now ruled by his grandson.
"North Korea is not the paradise your grandfather envisioned," he said. "It is a hell that no person deserves."
It was a frank and cutting personal insult directed at the man who Trump has previously derided as "rocket man." He avoided that term on Wednesday, but was unsparing in his description of a failed state where the majority of citizens live in misery.
And while Trump similarly avoided his prior threats to rain "fire and fury" on North Korea should their nuclear threats persist, he was unequivocal in his vows to counter provocations with military force.
"That would be a fatal miscalculation," he said of North Korean threats to strike the US and its allies. "This a very different administration than the United States has had in the past. Do not underestimate us. And do not try us."
Trump reiterated that point on Twitter Wednesday evening: "NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US," he tweeted.
NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness. This would be a fatal miscalculation. Do not underestimate us. AND DO NOT TRY US. pic.twitter.com/4llqLrNpK3 — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 8, 2017
Earlier in the day, Trump attempted a symbolic stare-down of Kim at the heavily fortified border that separates North and South Korea. But heavy fog stymied his plans, and he was forced to turn back.
According to his aides, the scrapped plans frustrated Trump, who wanted to provide symbolic heft to his warnings to Pyongyang.
'The time for excuses is over'
North Korea's provocations have provided the underpinning for Trump's intensive talks in Asia at the start of his marathon tour of the continent. He received support in Japan for his combative stance, but in Seoul -- positioned 35 miles from the border with the North -- Trump's fiery rhetoric has been met with unease.
During a series of public appearances in and around the South Korean capital on Tuesday, Trump defended his provocative threats toward Kim, but declined to repeat the type of fiery bombast which has helped ratchet up tensions here. And while he again declined to rule out use of military force in countering North Korea's threats, he appeared less willing to provoke the communist regime than he has from the United States.
Standing before the South Korean legislature, Trump's audience extended beyond the walls of the soaring assembly hall situated on the banks of the Han River in central Seoul. He spoke to American listeners, and to leaders in Moscow and Beijing, as he exhorted the international community to step up its attempts to isolate North Korea.
"The time for excuses is over. Now is the time for strength. If you want peace, you must stand strong at all times," Trump said. "The world cannot tolerate the menace of a rogue regime that threatens with nuclear devastation."
Trump singled out China, where is heading immediately after the speech, and Russia, whose president he will meet later this week.
"We call on every nation -- including China and Russia -- to fully implement UN Security Council resolutions, downgrade diplomatic relations with the regime and sever all ties of trade and technology," Trump said.
"It is our responsibility and our duty to confront this danger together," Trump said. "Because the longer we wait the greater the danger grows and the fewer the options become."
Long history
At no other point on his 13-day tour of Asia will Trump have a similar opportunity to lay out at length his plan to help secure American allies while also pursuing aggressive trade policies he believes will put the United States on fairer footing.
Drafts of the speech were in the works for weeks, officials say, with input from Trump's top national security aides like Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser HR McMaster. Trump's speechwriter Stephen Miller is accompanying the President in Asia.
The view from North Korea Ahead of Trump's speech to South Korea's National Assembly, North Korean officials authorized to speak to CNN said the risk of war had never been higher. "Over decades of bilateral confrontation, never, ever has the situation on the Korean peninsula been this acute with the real military confrontation and risk of another Korean War looming over the horizon," officials told CNN's Will Ripley. While North Korea will be closely watching and listening to President Trump's words, the regime is downplaying the impact of his speech on their actions. The officials said: "We don't care about what that mad dog may utter because we've already heard enough."
The address drew heavily upon the long history of American military support for South Korea, with references to the Korean War-era Inchon landings and the Battle of Pork Chop Hill that featured tens of thousands of American servicemen flooding the peninsula to counter the advance of communism on the peninsula.
Trump used the economic successes of South Korea in the decades since that war to further deride the hermit nation to the north.
"North Korea is a country ruled by a cult. At the center of this military cult is a deranged belief in the ruler's destiny to rule as a parent protector over a conquered Korean Peninsula," Trump said. "The more successful South Korea becomes the more successfully you discredit the dark fantasy at the heart of the North Korean regime."
Meanwhile, Pyongyang was closely watching Trump's key speech, according to North Korean officials authorized to speak to CNN on behalf of the regime.
The officials told CNN's Will Ripley ahead of the address that North Korea is not yet interested in talks with the United States despite Trump's conciliatory tone in South Korea. US officials point out three American citizens are currently in North Korean custody, and any diplomacy would also need to involve discussions for their release.
According to officials in North Korea and the United States, diplomatic channels are still closed after Trump's fiery UN speech in September. However, North Korea won't rule out future talks, but still feels the need to prove their nuclear capabilities, which means more tests, the officials said.
Police not taking any chances with anti-Trump protestors outside National Assembly pic.twitter.com/57trKDxEeO — Paula Hancocks (@PHancocksCNN) November 8, 2017
More Trump supporters than protestors today. Some traveled from other side of the country to welcome him pic.twitter.com/lStvVjHww9 — Paula Hancocks (@PHancocksCNN) November 8, 2017
South Koreans gathered to mark Trump's address, with local police protectively lining the streets.
CNN's Paula Hancocks reported: "More Trump supporters than protestors today. Some traveled from other side of the country to welcome him."
PM Modi will dedicate his 67th birthday to the nation and will address a gathering at Dabhoi
To celebrate the 67th birthday of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Bharatiya Janata Party will observe 'Seva Diwas' today across the country with party leaders attending medical camps, blood donation events, and taking part in cleanliness drives.BJP chief Amit Shah will be in Ranchi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley would be at Kirti Nagar in Delhi, Railways Minister Piyush Goyal in Chennai, and Human Resource Development Minister Prakash Javadekar in Mumbai, as part of the party's plan to celebrate their top leader's birthday as a 'day of service' (Seva Diwas) across the country, a party leader said.Ministers and party leaders will attend the events nationwide, he said.On his 67th birthday, PM Modi will be at an event at the Sardar Sarovar Dam in Gujarat on the river Narmada's Kevadi. He will dedicate the Sardar Sarovar Dam to the nation.After the inauguration at the dam site at Kevadia, PM Modi will go to Sadhu Bet, an island in the Narmada river where a 182-metre tall statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, billed as a 'Statue of Unity', and a memorial complex dedicated to the country's first home minister are coming up.Thereafter, the prime minister will attend the closing ceremony of 'Narmada Mahotsav', and address a gathering at Dabhoi.He will also lay the foundation stone for National Tribal Freedom Fighters' Museum during the event. PM Modi would then visit Amreli in Saurashtra where he will attend a host of programmes and address a public gathering.
At this year's Nordic Game, we had the chance to talk to Thomas Grip from Frictional Games, developers of the popular horror games Amnesia: The Dark Descent and A Machine for Pigs, and more recently Soma. Grip touched heavily on the design philosophy at Frictional and their approach to narrative games, but also dropped some big news for fans of their previous titles.
"I have to be very vague I'm afraid, but we're working on two new projects, one of which is further ahead than the other," Grip said. "We've already done two games which are about being hunted by monsters. It feels old, we want to try and get away from it or figure out new ways to make it more exciting. We're also trying to stray away from horror games. One of the games we're making is going to be horror but the other is going to be focused on telling a very, very interesting story."
Grip went on to say that they proved to people that they can do more than just be scary. "I think we showed with Soma, we're not just good at scaring, I think many people were affected by the story which was awesome, it was our goal all along and that feels like it's set up for us to put more focus on delivering these sorts of experiences."
You can watch the full interview below. What type of game are you hoping to see next from the team at Frictional? Let us know in the comments.
First up in our team profiles are our neighbours to the south, The Seattle Slam Wheelchair Rugby Club.
History at the Vancouver Invitational
Seattle is the only team other than BC to compete at every Vancouver Invitational. Our southern neighbours have a rich history at the tournament. They won back-to-back D2 title in 2008 and 2009 and won last year's D2 Championship in 2OT vs Portland.
In addition to their successful D2 campaigns, Seattle has also been a D1 contender. From 2015-2017, Japanese import and world champion Daisuke Ikezaki led the team to three top-four finishes. During this run, the Slam posted impressive victories over established teams like Germany, BC and Quebec.
Watch Out For?
Seattle's captain and head-coach Jeremy Hannaford is one to look out for. However, as a picker, his impact might not be obvious to the casual fan.
Hannaford's a tough defender who does a fantastic job of opening up lanes for his teammates and clamping down on opponents.
The Slam won't have one clear go-to scorer. Instead, they have four or five guys who will all be expected to carry the ball and make decisions, whether that means firing off a pass or turning on the jets and burning someone for the try.
Seattle's full roster is available here
Fun Facts
Seattle are currently ranked 21st in the United States Quad Rugby Association
currently ranked 21st in the United States Quad Rugby Association They used to be called the Seattle AllNight
For the 2018/2019 season, Seattle imported BC's Andrew Davis for their domestic competitions. Canadians Rod Bitz and Fabien Lavoie have also played for the team in previous years.
The Slam is partnered with the Seattle Saracens Rugby Club (Will we see some of them in the stands?)
Learn more
For more information on the Seattle Slam, you can follow them on Facebook here.
To stay up-to-date on all things Vancouver Invitational and Wheelchair Rugby, keep checking this site. Additionally be sure to follow BC Wheelchair Sports on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter for more content leading up to and during the tournament.
If there's one area where Bernie Sanders has radically different policies from everybody else who's running for president, it's in his attitude toward the rich in general, and Wall Street in particular. (Often, he uses the terms almost interchangeably.)
Related Why so many stats about wealth inequality are misleading
So, what exactly does Sanders want to do with Wall Street? He's now come out with a very detailed speech, which gives some decisive answers to that question. And while not everything he says stands up to detailed scrutiny, a lot of his policy prescriptions are both very sensible, and very unlikely to be put forward by any other candidate.
Here's the tl;dr of the speech, with some explanation of which bits make sense and which don't.
1. Bernie Sanders is very worried about wealth inequality.
Sanders starts his speech by saying that “something is profoundly wrong when, in our country today, the top one-tenth of 1% own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90% and when the 20 richest people own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans—half of our population.” These statistics are problematic, but the underlying phenomenon—that the very rich are getting richer, while the rest of us aren't—is a real problem which few other candidates seem to care very much about.
2. Sanders is particularly worried about the power of Wall Street.
“A handful of people on Wall Street,” says Sanders, “have extraordinary power over the economic and political life of our country.” He mostly points to money, though, as the problem, rather than the long list of Wall Streeters (think Hank Paulson, or Bob Rubin, or Jack Lew, or Rahm Emanuel) who have held powerful political positions.
It's also worth noting that when Sanders complains about how “financial interests spent billions of dollars in lobbying and campaign contributions to force through Congress the deregulation of Wall Street,” he knows whereof he speaks. After all, he himself voted for the biggest and most damaging deregulation bill—the Commodity Futures Modernization Act—in 2000. Was that because of lobbying and campaign contributions?
3. Sanders blames Wall Street for the 2008 global financial crisis.
Specifically, he blames “greed, recklessness and illegal behavior on Wall Street,” which were certainly contributory factors to the crisis. That said, the global financial crisis was, well, global, as was the greed and recklessness which helped to cause it.
4. Sanders says that he will end greed on Wall Street.
Good luck with that.
5. Sanders also wants to end “too big to fail.”
Sanders talks about “too big to fail” as a “policy,” even if in reality it's more of a description: some financial institutions are so big that the government cannot let them fail, because their failure would be economically catastrophic for the entire country. Either way, Sanders wants to break up all such institutions “so that they no longer pose a grave threat to the economy.”
This is easier said than done. Identifying the institutions isn't hard—in fact, it has already been done. They're called systemically important banks, and they include not only global giants like JPMorgan Chase, with $2.4 trillion in assets, but also much smaller domestic banks like Huntington Bancshares, with $70 billion in assets. In other words, even if you split JPMorgan Chase in half, and then split each of those halves in half, and then did that again and again and again so you ended up with 32 different baby banks, each of those baby banks would still have more assets than Huntington Bancshares, and would still be systemically dangerous.
What's more, breaking up banks does not in and of itself solve the bigger problem. Back in the 1980s, the savings & loan crisis cost the taxpayers a whopping $132 billion—a much bigger bailout, at the end of the day, than taxpayers ended up providing during and after the global financial crisis. But that was spread over more than 1,000 different banks. If hundreds or thousands of little banks all behave in the same manner, then they're all going to fail in the same manner too, and at the same time. The systemic effects would be identical to just a couple of big banks failing. What's more, little banks don't have anywhere near the level of risk controls and regulatory supervision that big banks have, which is why they can be just as dangerous as big banks, if not more so.
America already has far more banks than any other advanced economy, and it's far from clear that increasing that number dramatically is going to solve any particular problem. Sure, it might make any individual bank small enough to fail. But even big banks are small enough to fail if they do so idiosyncratically. The real systemic problems arise when all of the banks are doing pretty much the same thing. And that's true no matter how big they are.
Breaking up the banks in an attempt to solve “too big to fail,” then, is a bit silly, especially if those banks are already being forced to carry more capital than smaller banks. Still, that doesn't mean that breaking up the big banks is a bad idea. The real problem with the big banks isn't that they're too big to fail, it's that they're too big to manage. JPMorgan Chase is run by Jamie Dimon, a legendary manager who is spending a billion dollars a year just on compliance, and even so he has no real ability to keep close tabs on what all of his various managers are doing with the assets under their control. If you want to be able to tell banks what they can and can't do, their CEOs need to be able to control what their employees are doing. At a certain scale, that stops being possible.
Big banks also tend to give local branch managers less discretion than small banks do. If we want banks to start lending more to small local businesses, it definitely helps if the businesses have a choice of banks to go to, and if those banks have local knowledge rather than just running everything through a centralized underwriting algorithm. Given that there's no particular reason to believe that big banks are more efficient than smaller banks, breaking up banks would probably mean more lending to real-world businesses, if and when those businesses want to start borrowing money in a significant manner.
6. Sanders wants to reinstate the Glass-Steagall Act.
Sanders has convinced himself that by separating investment banking from commercial banking, he will be targeting “the heart of the shadow banking system.” But Hillary Clinton is right that really it doesn't. After all, there's nothing shadowy about the huge banks which would get broken up if such an act were passed—JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Bank of America, and the like. Shadow banking, by contrast, refers to non-banks which do banklike things, in particular maturity transformation. For instance, let's say you have money in a money-market fund; you can take that money out at any time, despite the fact that most of it is invested in bonds which might not mature for months. That's maturity transformation, and money-market funds are shadow banks, which will be totally untouched by any Glass-Steagall Act.
Sanders also says that Glass Steagall-would have prevented the financial crisis, on the grounds that shadow banks like AIG gambled recklessly with federally-insured bank deposits. I honestly have no idea what he's thinking here, but it's nonsense, all the same: AIG had no access to the federally-insured bank deposits of big commercial banks, as Sanders claims. And of course there were hundreds of different causes of the crisis; no one piece of legislation could conceivably have prevented it.
And yet, again, Sanders has managed to arrive at a good policy, even if his reasons for getting there make little sense. Separating investment banking from commercial banking is a very good idea, since there's absolutely no reason why federally-insured deposits should be used to fund the kind of activities that investment banks get up to. There's an increasing global consensus that this is a sensible road to go down: it's known as Vickers in the U.K., for instance, and Liikanen in the E.U. In the U.S., there's the Volcker Rule, which goes halfway there, but there's no particular reason why it shouldn't be beefed up further.
A new Glass-Steagall Act would not, realistically, “contain the Street's excesses” in the way that Sanders claims. Investment banks like Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns were perfectly capable of blowing themselves up even when they weren't connected to a commercial bank. But that doesn't mean it's a bad idea.
7. Sanders wants to jail the banksters.
Sanders says that the “illegal behavior” of Wall Street executives “caused pain and suffering for millions,” and he wants those executives to go to jail for what they did. Which is much easier said than done. Which executives, exactly, should be jailed, and what law should they be prosecuted under? Is it realistic to expect successful criminal prosecutions eight years after the financial crisis? There are a lot of hungry district attorneys out there, especially in New York, who would have loved nothing more than the opportunity to prosecute a high-profile banker. Yet no one even came close. So unless Sanders wants to start getting specific about statutes and individual executives, I'm going to say this is a promise he's very unlikely to keep.
8. Sanders wants to tax Wall Street speculation.
The proceeds from such a tax, he says, will be used “to make public colleges and universities tuition-free.” Sanders doesn't go into specifics about what exactly he wants to tax, but he probably has a simple financial transactions tax in mind, where you pay a small fee on every stock trade. That would reduce the amount of trading in the market, but probably not by a harmful amount. Of course, Sanders loves the pejorative terms “speculation” and “reckless gambling,” rather than the more neutral “trading,” or the positive “investment”. But they're all different ways of describing the same thing.
9. Sanders wants to turn the credit rating agencies into non-profits.
Up until now, we've seen sensible policies backed by weird logic; this time we have sensible logic leading to a weird policy. Sanders is absolutely right that the ratings agencies were a large part of the cause of the financial crisis, and that their incentives were a big part of the problem. But his proposed solution—to turn them into non-profits—makes almost no sense. So long as the Wall Street banks who issue bonds are paying the agencies to rate those bonds, the agencies will be beholden to the banks. After all, non-profits always end up doing what their donors tell them to do. And Sanders isn't proposing that anybody else pays for the ratings.
10. Sanders wants to cap credit card interest rates at 15%.
This is a great idea, at least so long as interest rates are near zero. (Maybe rates should be capped at 15 points above the Fed funds rate.) If you can't make money lending to consumers at 15%, maybe you shouldn't be lending to them at all.
11. Sanders wants to cap ATM fees at $2.
Why not $0? It's zero in the U.K., 97% of the time, and it should be zero in the U.S., too.
12. Sanders wants to allow postal banking.
This is a great idea. But again, Sanders's stated reasons are a bit weird: he seems to think the main purpose of a post office bank would be to disburse short-term emergency loans. Which, it might do that, but it wouldn't need to. The main purpose of a post office bank would simply be to offer a bank account for the millions of Americans who don't have one. In that sense it doesn't provide an alternative to payday loans, since you can only get a payday loan if you already have a bank account.
13. Sanders wants to ban bankers from sitting on Federal Reserve boards.
Sanders seems to be a bit confused about how the Fed works. There are regional Fed boards around the country, which often have grand local bankers on them, whose job is to keep an eye on the economy. And then there's the board of governors of the Federal Reserve system, which sets interest rates, and is the powerful monetary authority of the nation, and which doesn't have bankers. Taking bankers off the regional Fed boards would be merely symbolic, with the possible exception of the New York Fed.
14. Sanders wants to end the practice of paying interest on excess reserves held at the Fed.
This is a highly complex debate, but the short version is: yes, this sounds like a good idea, but the interest rate that the Fed pays on excess reserves is a very important monetary-policy tool. If it can't pay interest on those reserves, it could be very, very difficult for the Fed to raise interest rates when it needs to.
It's pretty clear that Sanders isn't a policy wonk when it comes to interest on excess reserves. “Instead of paying banks interest on these reserves,” he says, “the Fed should charge them a fee that could be used to provide affordable loans to small businesses to create hundreds of thousands of jobs.” This just doesn't make any sense. If the banks are paying a fee to the Fed, where do the small-business loans come from? Does Sanders want the Fed to lend money directly to small businesses? That would be a very bad idea.
15. As president, Sanders would “rein in Wall Street so they can't crash our economy again.”
Realistically, as president, Sanders would rein in Wall Street so that the big banks would end up being a bit smaller, and less profitable. But this has nothing to do with crashing the economy, or “systemic risk,” as it's known in regulatory circles. The only way to prevent that is through something known as “macroprudential regulation,” rather than big pieces of legislation. It would be great if the president could stop the banks from crashing the economy. But no president can. Not even Bernie Sanders.
Children of immigrants, many in the United States illegally, make up the bulk of students in 700 of the biggest school areas, a huge and unexpected wave that is changing education and society in America, according to a groundbreaking new report.
Using Census Bureau statistics and Google Maps, the Center for Immigration Studies found that in areas including northern Virginia, New York City and Houston, children of immigrants made up to 93 percent of all students.
"The number of children from immigrant households in schools is now so high in some areas that it raises profound questions about assimilation," said the report provided to Secrets.
"What's more, immigration has added enormously to the number of public school students who are in poverty and the number who speak a foreign language. This cannot help but to create significant challenges for schools, often in areas already struggling to educate students who come from disadvantaged backgrounds," it added.
The interactive report allows users to drill down to counties and cities to see the immigrant numbers in the "Public Use Micro Areas" used in Census studies. It focuses on PUMAs of 20,600 students or more.
Overall, 23 percent of all public school students were from an immigrant household in 2015. In 1990 it was 11 percent, and in 1980 it was 7 percent.
And, said the CIS report, "between one-fourth and one-third of public school students from immigrant households were the children of illegal immigrants."
Report author Steven Camarota said, "Of course, we must educate the children of immigrants." But, added the Center's director of research, "the key question moving forward is whether it makes sense to continue to admit 1 million new legal permanent immigrants each year and tolerating illegal immigration without regard to the absorption capacity of our schools in terms of both educating students and assimilating them."
On a state level, he found that California has the biggest percentage of immigrant students in public schools, 48 percent, followed by Nevada, 35 percent, New Jersey and New York at 34 percent, and Texas, 31 percent.
The bulk have Mexican or El Salvadoran parents.
He also found that many immigrant families are poor, which cuts the tax base schools have to tap for funds.
Those areas with the most immigrant students are:
— 93 percent in Northeast Dade County, North Central Hialeah City.
— 91 percent in Jackson in Heights and North Corona New York City.
— 85 percent in Westpark Tollway Houston, TX.
— 83 percent in El Monte and South El Monte Cities, CA.
— 78 percent in Annandale & West Falls Church, VA.
— 74 percent in Fort Lee, Cliffside Park & Palisades Park, N.J.
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com
I know it sounds like they're leaving all sense of order and decency at the door, here, but there won't be a standard queuing system in this new store. Instead, customers will be able to take a seat and order and pay from anywhere in the store on a handheld device held by a waiter.
Starbucks is clearly trying to appeal to customers who feel like they know their coffee a bit better than the average consumer, thank you very much, with five different brewing systems, including machines such as the Clover which appears to reverse the traditional French press technique by using a vacuum. There will also be Reserve coffees available in limited and small batches from farms across the world. This does mean that if you decide to opt for a slightly fancier coffee than usual, maybe brewed in something that looks alarmingly like a Bunsen burner, it could cost you up to £6, so you'd better savour every sip.
Good news for reptile lovers! Following up on last week's post regarding the same issue, we're very pleased to share that Nevada has permanently banned commercial reptile collection.
The Nevada Board of Wildlife Commissioners ruled in a 6-1 decision to overturn the state's unlimited reptile collection policy, which many herpetologists (amphibian & reptile biologists) felt was threatening native reptile populations. Nearly half a million specimens had been collected for commercial sale in the past 30 years.
The ruling is a wonderful benefit towards the conservation of the unique species of Nevada's Great Basin and Mojave desert ecosystems. Biologists and ecologists were unsure of the impact decades of continued unlimited take would have on various reptile species' distribution and age structure, but feared it could have negative effects. Age structure, the distribution of individuals at different ages in a population, is important for population health because a certain number of younger individuals must live on in the wild to replace aging ones, and a quota of available breeding individuals must be met to maintain to the population.
Now our little scaly friends will be given the chance to thrive in Nevada's beautiful and varied landscapes for years to come. Be sure to keep an eye out for any lizards sunning themselves the next time you're out in the desert — or your backyard!
Muriel Bowser took to the airwaves on the Kojo Nnamdi Show on WAMU today and was asked, among other things, about the progress of the land acquisition for the D.C. United stadium site. Earlier in the month, she delegated authority to the Director of the Department of General Services to execute the purchase agreements most of the parcels on Buzzard Point, as well as giving authority to close the roads on the stadium site.
All of the land for the D.C. United stadium site must be acquired by the end of the month, and the District has purchase agreements with all of the landowners save one: Akridge. Instead of using the land swap that Mayor Vincent Gray favored, Bowser stripped out that language and added provisions to allow the District to take the land by eminent domain. And, according to Bowser on the radio today, eminent domain is now likely as they have reached an impasse with Akridge.
This was always the likely course of action ever since the land swap was spiked. Once the District formally files the eminent domain proceedings, a court will decide what the District will pay Akridge; regardless, it will be far less than what they would have got through the land swap. The land is currently a parking lot and some mostly empty lots, which Akridge has been holding since the early 2000s.
What do you think of the likely eminent domain proceedings?
A view of New York's lower Manhattan from the Staten Island Ferry March 10, 2008. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
LONDON (Reuters) - Ratings firm Fitch said on Wednesday it is more likely to strip the United States of its triple-A status if a political deal is not reached to halt $600 billion of spending cuts and tax hikes set for early next year.
“Failure to avoid the fiscal cliff ... would exacerbate rather than diminish the uncertainty over fiscal policy, and tip the U.S. into an avoidable and unnecessary recession,” Fitch said in its 2013 global outlook, published on Wednesday.
“That could erode medium-term growth potential and financial stability. In such a scenario, there would be an increased likelihood that the U.S. would lose its AAA status.”
Fitch currently assigns the United States its highest rating but with a negative outlook. Peer Standard & Poor's has already downgraded the world's biggest economy, lowering the United States to AA+ in August 2011 - a move which appears to have done little to dull the attraction of U.S. bonds for investors.
Fitch added that an agreement on a multi-year deficit reduction plan to stabilize U.S. debt and public finances was likely to see the country keep its triple-A rating.
However, it went on to say that: “failure to put in place a credible fiscal consolidation strategy during 2013 would be likely to result in the U.S. losing its AAA status.”
(for links click here and here
Methodology:
Lobbying: MapLight analysis of federal lobbying disclosure filings from the Clerk of the U.S. House of Representatives between October 1, 2010 and September 30, 2014. Lobbying totals represent money paid by an organization to each lobbying firm for services on all issues. Organizations report total lobbying expenses as a lump sum, which includes both in-house lobbying expenses and amounts paid to (and reported by) lobbying firms that they employ. MapLight calculates a given organization's in-house lobbying expenses by subtracting the total income reported by the lobbying firms that it employs from the company's total reported expenses. In general, filers may round their spending and expenses to the nearest $10,000, and we treat the designation of "Less than $5,000" as a value of $0. MapLight updates its lobbying database daily to capture amendments. Full reports are due on the 20th day of January, April, July, and October.
Contributions: MapLight analysis of campaign contributions to all candidates (including incumbents and new candidates) running for Congress from PACs of DHS contractors from January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2014. Note: IBM does not have a corporate PAC. Contributions data source: Federal Election Commission.
NORTH TEXAS (CBSDFW.COM) — The latest KTVT-CBS 11 / Dixie Strategies Poll of over 1,700 likely primary voters in Texas show a change at the top in the race for the GOP nomination. While Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders numbers are rising, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is still dominating among Democrat likely voters.
PRIMARY
According to the poll taken January 25-26, Texas Senator Ted Cruz now leads real estate mogul Donald Trump among the GOP Candidates by 5 percentage points with Cruz at 30.27% and Trump 25.27% overall. That's a big change from the previous poll taken in October of 2016 when Dr. Ben Carson had a slight lead over Trump.
Carson saw a sharp fall off compared to the previous poll. Overall, only 5.29% of respondents chose Carson as their candidate compared to 22.93% previously.
Conversely, Florida Senator Marco Rubio is gaining some ground against the front runners. Now 11.99% of likely voters chose Rubio compared to only 6.57% back in October.
Cruz leads among those who identified as very conservative while Trump leads among those who identify as somewhat conservative or moderate.
Among DFW area GOP likely voters, Cruz remains the frontrunner. Rubio's showing is a little stronger than the state-wide results. In DFW, 13.89% of GOP likely voters chose Rubio as their candidate with 23.61% choosing Trump and 27.08% choosing Cruz.
All other GOP candidates are polling in the single digits. Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush (8.29%), Carson (5.29%) and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie (3.30%) round out the top of that pack. The rest of the GOP candidates are polling under 3%.
While Senator Sanders has gained some ground among likely Democrat voters, the poll shows Clinton still holds a commanding lead over her rivals. Clinton was almost 50 points ahead of Sanders in the October poll. Now, her lead is down to 34 points. Clinton still holds the top spot with 50.33% compared to Sanders' 15.51%.
The “Undecided” totals still remain high state wide among Democrat likely voters with 28.68% yet to commit to a candidate.
Clinton's strength in DFW remains strong but Sanders has gained some ground on her there as well.
FAVORABILITY
Participants were also asked again to rate the “Favorability” of both President Obama and Governor Abbott as well.
The president's favorability has dropped somewhat since the October poll was taken. Overall, 39.64% of respondents viewed President Obama as “Very” or “Somewhat” Favorable compared to 44.36% previously; and 54.99% viewed him as “Very” or “Somewhat” Unfavorable compared to 49.97% previously.
Governor Abbott's favorability remained largely unchanged but his unfavorable number jumped about 3 points. When asked about Abbott, 56.26% of respondents viewed Abbott as “Very” or “Somewhat” Favorable compared to 56.98% previously; and 34.31% viewed him as “Very” or “Somewhat” Unfavorable compared to 29.53% previously with most of that gain largely coming from those who were previously undecided about the governor's performance.
This poll contains the results of a telephone survey of 1,001 “likely” Republican Presidential Primary voters statewide. The Margin of Error is ± 3.1%. For Democrats, there were 767 “likely” Presidential Primary voters statewide polled. The Margin of error in that survey is ± 3.54%. The results were gathered January 25-26, 2016.
(©2016 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
Ekstrom, who recently wrapped up the World Rallycross Championship thanks to missing the final DTM round of the season, runs his Audi S1 through his own privateer EKS team.
But he's now looking to Audi to provide some support, claiming that it will be impossible to continue to compete with the likes of Ford and Peugeot without some level of help from Ingolstadt.
“When I started the project I knew we were going to keep it at the same level for three years and then we would see how the sport has developed,” he said. “I think it will be unrealistic for me to continue without any support.
“It is nearly a must as Peugeot and Ford are really raising the bar and doing a better job than they have ever done. We are also trying, but I feel we have come to the limit of what we can achieve as a privately-run team, and if we should improve ourselves now, we will need more factory backing.
“It doesn't necessarily mean it needs to become a full factory team, but we will need more factory backing on a daily basis.”
Even after closing down its LMP1 programme, Audi has expressed interest in increasing its involvement with EKS and rallycross, particularly as the discipline begins to move towards electric technology.
“I think rallycross is going to be one of the best places to showcase high performance electric cars,” added Ekstrom. "In Formula E the cars are not so fast and are supposed to last for quite long.
“I think rallycross could be the complete opposite and show the maximum performance of an electric car and in an extreme way.
"I believe in five to 10 years there will be a very good electric rallycross championship, because the technology is coming.
"There are a couple of example cars but I think a championship of 15-20 cars will take a little bit more time than three years.
“I would definitely like to develop an electric rallycross supercar. Imagine if you had a 1000-horsepower car. It would be insanely cool.”
Ekstrom understanding of Audi shift
The two-time DTM champion also says that he fully understands Audi's decision to shut down its LMP1 program and focus on Formula E – but that he has little interest in the open-wheel category himself.
“I'm not a single-seater person and I don't have any intention to become a single-seater racer and endurance racing is not my part. I follow it closely as it is a part of the Audi family, but it's nothing that interests me as a race driver. It's not what I'm attracted to,” he said.
“I can see the impact for Audi and Audi Sport to make this change. It will change a lot for some people and on the other side I think it is just being realistic that you have to adapt any action to the situation.
“Everybody knows the battles Audi and the VW Group have had lately, but also you have to look into the future and fit your investment the best for what is coming. I believe there is a need to invest in electric cars for sure and there is only Formula E on the market currently, and there is probably some [electric] rallycross coming.
“I'm happy that they are continuing to invest in DTM because that is where I have a lot of my passion, and it's what I've been doing for so many years.
“I do understand the decision and I can understand that there are quite a lot of people disappointed that the LMP1 programme has stopped. I'm not angry, disappointed or surprised. Actually I think it's something that is easy to understand if you use a bigger perspective.”
The U.S. Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA) has expressed its opposition to new U.S. trade petitions filed by SolarWorld USA against crystalline silicon solar products from China and Taiwan last week.
SolarWorld announced on Dec. 31 that it was taking further steps to counter what it said were ongoing anti-competitive trade practices that the U.S. government determined were unfairly harming the U.S. domestic solar industry.
While SolarWorld said it was acting on behalf of the domestic industry as a whole, SEIA rejected the move. SEIA President and CEO Rhone Resch said the organization opposed the escalation of the U.S.-China solar trade conflict.
"More litigation is the wrong approach. Trade litigation is a blunt instrument and, alone, incapable of resolving the complex competitiveness issues that exist between the U.S. and Chinese solar industries. It's time to end this conflict and negotiations must play a role," Resch added.
SolarWorld said it had submitted anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases with the U.S. International Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Commerce against China and Taiwan to "close a loophole in trade remedies issued a year ago this month. The loophole enables Chinese producers to evade duties averaging about 31% by assembling modules from cells manufactured in third countries."
As a result, the company said, China had continued to improperly subsidize its export-intensive campaign and sell below production costs in the U.S. market to seize market share.
SolarWorld cited research, including a National Renewable Energy Laboratory report, that it said concluded that China had no solar production cost advantage.
"We're finishing the job of presenting the facts to our trade regulators to prevent China from further damaging yet another manufacturing industry and another rich base of employment," said Mukesh Dulani, president of SolarWorld Industries America in Hillsboro, Oregon. "China obviously recognizes the key importance of solar-technology manufacturing to future economic competitiveness. But we do, too. Therefore, we are once again simply asking our trade regulators to investigate the facts and apply the well-established laws that enable free trade, robust competition and lower long-term pricing. If fair competition can be restored, the U.S. industry will return to growth."
SEIA's Resch, however, said the trade organization had been encouraging the U.S. and Chinese governments as well as key industry stakeholders for more than a year to find common ground. To that aim, the association even offered a settlement proposal of its own.
"SEIA's proposal provides a mutually-satisfactory resolution which recognizes the interests of all solar stakeholders and not just one segment of the industry. To the best of our knowledge, however, the U.S. and Chinese governments have neither adopted SEIA's proposal as the basis for negotiations nor put forth any meaningful offer to resolve the broader conflict. It's time for both governments to get in the game and end this conflict — we urge the United States and China to immediately commit to serious, results-driven negotiations."
SolarWorld Industries America originally submitted a petition to the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. International Trade Commission in October 2011 against Chinese photovoltaic manufacturers for allegedly dumping product to capture market share.
The U.S. International Trade Commission unanimously determined in November 2012 that Chinese photovoltaic imports materially injured the U.S. industry and agreed to apply anti-dumping and countervailing duties on all crystalline silicon photovoltaic cells, modules, laminates and panels coming into the U.S. from China. However, the Trade Commission declined to impose tariffs on modules made in China using cells manufactured in third countries, leading SolarWorld to seek separate action.
Walt Disney Co.'s annual meeting in Denver Wednesday, was politically charged, with protesters — inside the meeting and out — pitching questions about a shareholder proposal demanding the company disclose its lobbying policies and activities, about biased reporting by its subsidiaries ABC News and ESPN, and CEO Bob Iger's participation on President Donald Trump's Business Advisory Council.
In between presentations about Disney's massive cultural and business influence, Iger sparred with activist shareholders on both sides of a proxy proposal demanding the company “reveal whether company assets are being used for objectives contrary to Disney's long-term interests.”
The National Center for Public Policy Research, a shareholder against the lobbying proposal made by Zevin Asset Management, said if the proposal passes, it could “restrict the company's ability to engage in relationships beneficial to its business.”
“(Zevin) is not about good governing,” Justin Danhof, the conservative-leaning National Center for Public Policy Research's general counsel said after the meeting, which was held in the Bellco Theatre at the Colorado Convention Center . “They're not about transparency and they never comment on corporate America funding organizations, like Planned Parenthood.”
Disney's board of directors recommended that shareholders vote against the lobbying disclosure and although official votes will not be tallied until next week, Disney said in a press release Wednesday that shareholders agreed with the board.
Danhof also questioned Iger about adversarial reporting by ABC News during a conservative administration.
“I can stand here today and look you in the face and say I am proud of the efforts of ABC News,” Iger said. “There are always going to be people — yourself included, perhaps the president — who are going to believe that it is not being presented in a manner that is consistent with their own beliefs. That doesn't necessarily mean they are going to be unfair.”
The biggest concern for some at the meeting, though, was Iger's participation in Trump's Business Advisory Council.
Rodel Worku, a racial justice organizer for Colorado People's Alliance, said Iger's involvement with the council shows that he and Disney are endorsing Trump's agenda and policies.
Iger disagreed and said he would not leave the group of influential businessmen and women tapped to advise the president. He said his “presence in the room” was a privilege and a way to express his voice and help make good decisions.
“I am very careful that opinions that I express are opinions that I believe are subjects or policies that benefit this organization,” he said. “For instance, immigration… I happened to believe this company, as has this country, has benefited from an open and fair immigration policy.
“I don't happen to believe policies that single people out by religion are fair and just,” he said. “That's just one example of things that may come up.”
But Worku said he does not think Iger will be able to influence a president like Trump.
“Trump is against communities of color, particularly immigrants and refugees,” he said after the meeting. “On one hand, Bob Iger was eloquent in describing Disney's values and listing out key phrases like ‘inclusivity,' ‘diversity,' and ‘respect.' But there is a lack of transparency of information that does not line up with what Iger says it lines up with. This is the time where folks need to be informed.”
Outside the convention center, nearly 30 people protested with a large blue sign that read, “Disney already has a Donald.”
The group was trying to deliver a half million petitions encouraging Iger to leave the business council, said Lupita Carrasquillo, an economic-justice organizer for the Colorado People's Alliance.
“We are against Trump's messages and Iger needs to step down,” she said. “We all love Disney movies and the messages that they teach, but we should not be teaching children a message of hate.”
Getting stuck in traffic for hours really sucks, but it definitely sucks less if you have access to some carne asada tacos with fresh lime.
Hundreds of motorists were caught in gridlock on Interstate 5 near Seattle, Washington after three vehicles including a tanker truck crashed around 10 a.m., resulting in road and exit closures through 6 p.m. What a nightmare.
But it wasn't all bad, because stuck in the middle of traffic was the bright green Tacos El Tajin food truck that had enough sense to open up and start dishing out the corn tortillas, according to KOMO News:
Tacos may not be the best food to eat on the commute, but if the commute is stopped, you can bet I'm going to to be cleaning diced onion out of my car seats for the next four years.
Advertisement
See there, it ain't all bad, all the time.
Service oriented architecture is common for server-side development — and it's great because it breaks up the functionality into logical independent components. But complex iOS apps also get large over time and become hard to manage. Inconsistencies with what responsibilities are shared by what objects result in an app with many different design patterns.
This talk by Mustafa Furniturewala, a Coursera software engineer working on the Swift version of their app, will show you how you can use dynamic frameworks, Swift and new iOS8 SDK features, to build modular iOS apps with common design guidelines.
Background & Motivation (0:00)
Coursera's mission is to provide universal access to the world's best education. One of the main reasons they decided to build a new architecture for their mobile app was the large number of feature teams working at Coursera. So many teams adding features, each with their own design patterns and coding styles, can cause a lot of trouble. To solve this, a modular architecture would allow teams to build with a certain set of design principles laid out prior.
Maintenance of the app was another main reason for the app re-design. After building a core foundation layer, adding new features would be easy. For example, doing persistence would just be a call to the interface. The feature module developer can then concentrate on just developing the feature itself.
This kind of modular architecture implies that testing things individually can be done very well. Part of it is also moving most of the code of the UI and into different pieces, so that those pieces are testable individually. The UI still needs to be tested, but those integration tests can then be really simple.
Programming with shared mutable state is really, really bad. Your whole app can break if the shared mutable state goes awry. Swift has really good immutability constructs, so it makes that really clear in the code. Since structs are value types, it really helps to build these immutable modules in your app that can go across different features.
Get more development news like this
Type safety is another feature that was a big reason for us in choosing Swift. The compiler can do much more in helping to make sure your code is type safe, since Swift is type safe. In addition, the bridge between Swift and Objective-C was made really simple by Apple. We knew we would have situations where we would have to use Objective-C, and having this bridge has really helped us keep moving forward.
We didn't want our new architecture to be polluted with so many checks for the different views available to iPhones and iPads, or landscape and portrait views. Size classes make code really clean, so we can specify different views for different size classes without all those checks. In fact, storyboards help with this. You tend not to have so many module conflicts, because each module is really small and has its own storyboard.
View Controllers (6:38)
There's been a lot of view controller advancements in iOS8 that we ended up using. We also use APIs like showViewController, which is really useful since it's able to inject itself onto a navigation controller stack. When you're trying to add UI elements to an existing navigation stack, you need those kinds of APIs. Having these kinds of advancements in iOS8 really helped us in building the architecture we wanted.
Presentation Controllers (7:24)
Presentation controllers were useful as well because you can animate alongside the existing animations really easily, using things like transition delegates. Doing custom presentations was important to us as well, since views are coming and going from different features all the time and we wanted to be able to do it individually. For example, we used presentation controllers to animate our video player while it was going in landscape and portrait.
Dynamic Frameworks (8:13)
We leveraged dynamic frameworks quite a bit, since that was iOS8 only. Our project setup is constantly evolving, but we're currently using a really simple setup. In our project are sub-projects that are dependencies, and each of these build dynamic frameworks. We had to change a couple of build settings so that these frameworks would work not just on the simulator but on the device as well.
We still use Objective-C when required. Objective-C is kind of like a first-class language, and frameworks make it really easy to bridge between it and Swift. Since we're using frameworks, all you have to really do is set the @Objective-C annotation on the class and then you can use it. You can also use the class modifier on protocols when you need to specify that the protocol has to conform to a reference and not a value type.
The Architecture (10:17)
We have lots of features, with the Coursera data and foundation as our core components that all our features can use if needed. Each of those features are also built as dynamic frameworks. We have this concept of a shell app as the skeleton containing all the features, and it's able to find the features and load them dynamically when needed. Basically, it just listens to URLs and loads the right feature when needed.
The Skeleton (11:17)
The internals of this shell app have multiple features that may or may not use foundation or data, depending on if they need to do networking. There might be features that need to do persistence, and so the features depend on either the Coursera foundation or data.
VIPER is something we looked into; the architecture in each of these features is very much VIPER-like. We have a modified version that we're using. WHen the feature gets called, it creates a flow controller, which manages all the navigation pieces of the app. Anything you're doing with presenting, pushing, view controllers - all that logic is in this flow controller. A presenter's job is to format in the view data, which is from the interactor where the business logic exists. The interactor than can go into the data module if it needs to get data from the persistence layer or from the network.
We're using MVVM methodology. We wanted to be really careful about the line between the view and the view module. Since we're using KVO, we don't differentiate between the view and the view controller, and that's what MVVM does as well. The view is basically the view controller, and we just observe KVO properties on the view module to change things in the view.
Coursera data is like an interface for us. We want different teams to be able to add different data modules that they need, dynamically into the app, and so we're looking at CoreData alternatives. Defining relationships between different data module files can get tricky.
Feature Interactions (15:17)
Obviously, features need to communicate with each other. For example, a feature like the course homepage might need to launch the video feature, and these features need to somehow communicate with each other. How do we do that? The feature course URL, in this case would be like “/video” and the video ID, would tell the shell to launch this feature. The shell then dynamically loads it through Coursera foundation and thus launches the feature. We leverage URLs a lot, since they are the only piece connecting the features.
KVO + Swift (16:18)
How does KVO and Swift work out for us? You have to sub-class from object because you need to observe for key value and the methods required for KVO. Dynamic dispatch in Swift is not enabled by default, so you have to add the dynamic modifier to enable it. This was done for performance reasons in Swift, but for KVO, you need to enable this. Adding the dynamic modifier guarantees that the properties and the metas will be dynamically dispatched. When you observe the fields, you get something called an AnyObject because they're no typed arrays in Objective-C. You can use the ? operator to get what you need. We also use property observers: we listen to the view module when it's set using a property observer, then we add and remove observers when we set the score. That way, we're keeping the KVO registration methods really clean.
Introspection in Swift (18:05)
We need to do quite a bit of introspection in Swift because of the way we're dynamically loading features. We load features based on a protocol, so we need to convert to that protocol. You can't cast down to a non Objective-C protocol, so you have to again add the @Objective-C annotation. In that way, we're able to load the feature and then handle the URL on that.
There's also something called a Metatype type in Swift, or the type of type. This is where you can see some of the Swift dynamic things that are available. The dynamic type will actually get you the type of the object at runtime.
It's interesting to learn from other programming languages and borrow patterns from them in Swift. In Haskell, there's something called Either, in which you get one value or the other. In Objective-C, the general way to do this is to use completion blocks for errors. You can do this in Swift by making the error optional. Even better, a response enum can have two cases of a result or an error. Code becomes very readable, and based on the two cases, you can do different things.
So what does the future hold for this architecture for us? We replaced things in our app incrementally, so we want to replace all the features in our app with this new architecture. We want to have flexible data modules, so that we can enable developers to add different modules that all work together seamlessly. We're still trying to figure out the best way to do that, but we want to use more functional programming concepts. We're using KVO, but we want to look into reactive Swift for the line between the view and the view module. We also want to enhance our core foundation layer, which has networking and JSON parsing, because all the features are dependent on that as the core piece of our infrastructure.
Lessons Learned (24:17)
We learned a few lessons from our experiments with Swift and iOS8. It's important to build incrementally. We could have rewritten our entire app, but what we did instead was written the new features with Swift and iOS8 and then plug them into the existing app. We were also able to test how modular our features were. Before we began, we had a blueprint of the architecture that has changed quite a bit since. It keeps getting better and better over time as we implement different things and find loopholes in the architecture.
Q: Do you use playgrounds a lot for your Swift development?
Mustafa: Yes we do, to try things out, but sometimes Playground seems to be a bit finicky and you have to restart it. It'll just stop responding to what you're typing and you have to restart XCode, but we do use it to experiment.
Q: How do you build and handle features that span across multiple view controllers?
Mustafa: The way we do it is using APIs like showViewController because that allows us to hook into the existing navigation stack. It works pretty seamlessly in that when you're using the app, you don't really know that you're launching a different view controller.
Q: Based on the fact that there are so many parsing libraries out there, what led to the decision to writing your own JSON parser backend?
Mustafa: We actually haven't written our own. We have a simple JSON parser right now. We've looked into libraries like SwiftyJSON, but we want to keep our parsing really simple and just use existing frameworks.
Q: How much trouble have you had from Swift syntax and its features evolving?
Mustafa: We had the most trouble with XCode 6.1, since a lot of things changed when that happened. It was a bit of a pain, but not too much trouble. The compiler helped us fix a lot of things, so it was probably a couple hours of work to get that fixed.
Q: You mentioned using KVO and property observers from Swift. Could you elaborate more on how you're using them together?
Mustafa: Property observers and KVO are different things. Property observers, you still need to know the properties. With KVO, you don't need to know about those properties. The way we use them together is a view module that is what we do the property observing on. We don't actually do property observing on the properties themselves.
Q: Did you run into any issues with XCode and Swift?
Mustafa: Yes. Code completion breaks very often, so we've become really good Swift programmers because we're really working without code completion. Another thing is that the unit testing is not as good as we'd like it to be. Because of the access modifiers, you have to put all your source files into the unit test target. XCode crashes a lot too, so that doesn't help, but we've been able to work through most problems.
Super Mario All-Stars NES Multicart Build
Hello again faithful readers. Today, I'm detailing the creation of my newest atrocity, Super Mario All-Stars NES.
I'm cramming the data of 4 games onto 8 Mbit EPROM chips and using a binary counter to cycle through the games by pressing the console's reset button.
Don't care about the technical details? Click here to see the final result in action.
Introduction:
You might recall my mention of "multicarts" in my Moai Kun reproduction tutorial. These were cartridges generally made in China in both Famicom and NES form factors and came with anywhere from 4 to around 100 individual games. These typically used a loader program with a menu to choose the game. Well today I'm going to put together a multicart with a hardware interface for choosing the game.
Super Mario All-Stars on the Super Nintendo was one of the best selling games on the system, and with the recent re-release on the Nintendo Wii we can see no end in sight for these Super Mario classics.
So how cool would a collection of Mario games for the NES be? I'm including 4 games on this cartridge, which are Super Mario Bros. 2, Super Mario Bros. 2J (aka The Lost Levels), Super Mario Bros. 3, and a level hack for SMB3 called Chaos Control.
Why not include the original Super Mario Bros., or Mario is Missing, etc? This project is reliant on the fact that all the games I've chosen use the MMC3, aka Mapper 4, which is a memory management chip. These vary between cartridges based on their memory needs. So, Super Mario Bros. wouldn't have worked, but Mario is Missing would have, but I'm not a huge fan.
Super Mario Bros. 2 and 3 use the same PCB, and the hack of Super Mario Bros. 2J by Loopy was designed to work on a Mapper 4 board as well, although it doesn't need the WRAM chip that is present on TSROM boards. Finally, SMB3: Chaos Control is simply a level hack of SMB3, meaning it's the same game but with new level designs.
At this point people are probably frothing at the mouth to inform me about Mario Adventure, a very well respected hack of SMB3 that includes more than just new levels. Well to be honest, no one has shown me definitive proof that the game will work on a real NES. If someone has a working copy and wants to give me the technical details drop me a line. But please don't spam my inbox to tell me you've seen it for sale elsewhere.
The Facts:
If you've read my other tutorials, you might recall my mention of a chip called a 74xx161 (xx being LS or HC, doesn't matter in this case), which was used as a basic mapper in early NES games. The 74xx161 is a 4-bit synchronous binary counter. Basically, upon each strobe of the clock pin, the binary value of the 4 output pins increases by 1. While the output counts up from 0 to 15, then starts over, if you just consider the lowest two pins, you might be able to picture how it can rotate between 4 different digital addresses.
The largest 8-bit EPROMs are 27C080 or 27C8001 EPROMs, which are 8 Mbit in size. which is equal to 1 MByte. Which means each "bank" of ROM space must be 1/4 of this, which is 256KB. 4 banks, 4 combinations of signals (00, 01, 10, 11) coming off the two pins from the binary counter, get it?
In essence, what we're doing is hijacking the two highest address pins of the EPROMs, and letting the NES only choose the lower address pins (A0-A17), so it only sees a 2Mbit ROM space at any one time.
Could you go for 8 banks by using three bits from the 4-bit counter, or 16 games using all four bits? You bet, but then you need your ROMs to be 128KB each for 8 games or 64KB or less for 16 games. The largest ROM included on this multicart will be the 256KB Super Mario Bros. 3 PRG ROM, and to keep the logic simple, this will be the size of each ROM bank.
Is this sort of mod possible for other cartridge-based systems? Probably. This project takes advantage of the fact that +5V is supplied to the cartridge at all times, even when in reset mode, and it also provides a direct link to the reset signal. I'm not sure this applies to all systems. Other systems might cut power to the cartridge, or might simply not provide any means of detecting a reset.
To test whether this was even possible, I wired up a little breadboard circuit:
What you'll need:
In fact, you'll need exactly the same things as in my Advanced / MMC3 NES Reproduction Tutorial plus a binary counter IC.
First, you'll need an MMC3-based PCB, but this time with a WRAM chip, so search on the NEScartDB for a TSROM. The easiest way to ensure you've got the right type is to just use a Super Mario Bros. 2 or 3 cartridges as a donor. Note that games based on TLROM should work on a TSROM PCB, but not the other way around. The WRAM chip is needed for SMB2 and SMB3.
Then you'll need things like an EPROM burner, two 27C080 or compatible EPROMs (8 Mbit in size for my multicart), a UV eraser, soldering iron, solder, wires.
Finally, you'll need a 74xx161, so either a 74HC161 or 74LS161. This was used as a mapper on early NES cartridges, so search the NEScartDB for a CNROM if you don't mind donating another game to your cause. Pick a junky sports game like John Elway's Quarterback that nobody's going to miss. Desolder or cut it off the board (preserving the pins at the chip edge obviously, since you have to use it). I decided that I ruin enough NES cartridges as it is, so I bought a package of 10 of these chips on eBay for about $5.
Getting sick of my terrible camera yet? Buy things on my For Sale page!
The Process:
1. Follow my earlier Advanced / MMC3 NES Reproduction Tutorial from steps 1 to 4, but don't cut off the WRAM chip! When you're done, you should have a nice blank TSROM PCB and two blank EPROMs.
2. Now it's time to build your ROM images. If you have some experience with this, here are the basic steps you have to follow, then you can skip down to the next step:
Split your ROM images into their component PRG and CHR ROMs with something like tniNES. Patch any ROMs with level hacks you want to include. I use the DOS program IPS. Concatenate each of these components onto themselves until each one is 256KB (you should end up with 4 PRGs that are 256KB each and 4 CHRs that are 256KB each). These numbers will be different if you're using a smaller EPROM with smaller games, obviously. Now concatenate all the PRGs together in order, and all CHRs in the same order!
For those of you that want to follow my exact design, here we go:
2a. To start off with, we need our 4 game ROMs. So obtain SMB2 and SMB3 from your favourite ROM site, and obtain the MMC3 hack of SMB2J from Loopy's site. Finally obtain the Chaos Control "IPS" file from Romhacking.net.
2b. Now make a copy of your SMB3 ROM for patching purposes (I'm calling mine smb3cc.nes for simplicity). You can use a graphical tool like Lunar IPS, but I'll give info for the original DOS program IPS. Put IPS.exe, your SMB3 ROM and your Chaos Control IPS in the same directory, and open up a command line.
C:\NES>ips smb3cc.nes smb3cc.ips
Now your smb3cc.nes file is patched. Load it up in your favourite emulator to verify it worked.
2c. Next we have to split the .NES ROMs into their component parts, namely the PRG, CHR and HDR files. The HDR files are the header information files, we will just discard them. For this step, I use tniNES, another simple DOS utility. Here's an example usage for that smb3cc.nes file we just patched:
C:\NES>tnines -s smb3cc.nes
Simple enough eh? This spits out smb3cc.PRG and smb3cc.CHR as well as smb3cc.HDR. You can toss out the HDR file. Repeat this step with the other 3 .NES files. Now you should have 4 PRG and 4 CHR files, although they're of different sizes.
2d. Now concatenate each of these 8 files up to 256KB. You'll notice that SMB3's PRG ROM is already 256KB, so there's no need to do anything with it (same with Chaos Control's). Every other file needs some padding though.
Refer to this handy-dandy diagram below to understand exactly what we're doing here.
To concatenate a file, you use a simple DOS command. We can see from the diagram that I need to double up Chaos Control's CHR ROM from 128KB to 256KB. Here's the command I'll use:
C:\NES>copy /b smb3cc.chr + smb3cc.chr smb3ccBIG.chr
Don't forget that /b switch, it's very necessary to tell the copy command to use binary mode, not ASCII. Going back to the diagram, you can see that you have to concatenate The Lost Levels' CHR ROM 16 times! Take your time to make sure you don't make any mistakes.
2e. So, you've got 4 PRG and 4 CHR files, and they're all 256KB? Are you sure? Good. Now, using the same command, concatenate all the PRG files together, and all the CHR files together. Mine looked like this:
C:\NES>copy /b smb2BIG.prg + smb2jBIG.prg + smb3.prg + smb3cc.prg prgBIG.prg
C:\NES>copy /b smb2BIG.chr + smb2jBIG.chr + smb3BIG.chr + smb3ccBIG.chr chrBIG.chr
Notice once again that smb3.prg and smb3cc.prg are already 256KB in size, so we never had to concatenate them, which is why there's no "smb3BIG.prg" file, for example. Your prgBIG.prg and chrBIG.chr files should be exactly 1 048 576 bytes long, which is 1 Mbyte, which is 8 MBits. If they aren't exactly this big, you made a mistake!
3. Made it this far eh? Good for you. Now burn your EPROMs!
I'm not going to go through the whole EPROM setup this time, check my earlier tutorials for that info. One important change here is that 8 Mbit chips on Willem programmers need a little jumper configuration change. Don't rely on the program's interface for this, find an online manual. For my particular programmer, I had to remove a jumper to the left of the ZIF socket and replace it on a header, bridging two pins marked "P1" and "A19". If you don't do it correctly, it will appear to write without errors but won't pass to verify.
So, burn your prgBIG.prg file to a EPROM, and burn your chrBIG.chr to an EPROM. Once they're verified with the correct data, you can move on to the next step!
4. Prepare your PCB with a few wires (about 4" in length.. you can shorten them later) to accommodate your EPROMs' slightly different pin configuration (as compared to the PCB). You actually have to a bit less work in this case since we're stealing control of A18 away from the NES.
On the PRG ROM socket, install wires in holes 1 and 24. On the CHR ROM socket, install wires in holes 1, 2, 24 and 31. On your PRG EPROM, bend up pins 1, 2, 24, 30 and 31. On your CHR EPROM, bend up pins 1, 2, 22, 24, 30 and 31. Install your EPROMS to the PCB. By following the diagram below, finish up your wiring.
The reset signal from the CIC acts as the clock trigger (connect pin 9 of the CIC to pin 2 of the 74xx161), and we wire the two lowest outputs to A18 and A19 of our EPROMs (connect pin 31 of both EPROMs to pin 14 of the 74xx161 and connect pin 1 of both EPROMs to pin 13 of the 74xx161). The other connections you see go to +5V and GND on the cartridge, they set up the chip for counting mode. You'll notice that in my picture I've grounded the inputs on the binary counter, but this isn't necessary since we're never loading them in.
This is actually a sculpture of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
A good place for +5V is the bottom (towards the connector) of this resistor, and a good place for GND is this collection of pads in the top right of the board.
Now believe it or not.. the cartridge is complete. Reassemble your cartridge, being sure not to pinch any wires and give it a try.
It's a-me, Mahhhhrio. Apparently.
Since we're not explicitly resetting the binary counter, it might not start at the first game. Mine tends to start on Chaos Control. No big deal. We could figure out a way to ensure it resets to 0 at the initial power on but it would involve more logic and it's just not all that necessary. You could probably use a 555 timer by building a one-shot circuit, but I'm not sure it'd be fast enough.
If you find that some games work and some don't, sadly you probably messed up way back when you assembled your ROM images.
Here's the artwork I drew up for the label. Once again, I got it printed on adhesive paper, applied a laminate sheet, cut it out and stuck it on. You can take a look around on Google to find a Super Mario Font if you want to make your own. I just tried to emulate the SNES version. The Lost Levels box is a just a bit edited from the Disk System cover. I bet a Wii edition would look pretty snazzy too! Send me an email if you want a good copy of this label for printing.
Brian Elliott and his Flames rebounded from a horrific first to take the lead – only not really – and look to be on the verge of at least playing to overtime when a late powerplay goal, courtesy of yet another Dougie Hamilton penalty, ended all hopes of coming back home with at least one win.
And look, I get it, it's frustrating. You can blame the officials all you want – for yet another disallowed Flames playoff goal, for penalties called and those not, what have you – but fact of the matter is, the Flames put themselves in this position. They did it by giving up bad goals early in the game. They did it by not scoring on the several quality chances they had throughout the night. They did it by not capitalizing on John Gibson's rebounds. They did it by failing to score on back-to-back powerplays: the very thing that sunk them in Game 1. And they did it by putting themselves in situations that the officials saw fit to penalize, justified or not.
For the second straight game, they played well. For the second straight game, they did themselves in. And you know what?
It doesn't matter
This isn't exactly the most pleasant approach to take, but it's the realistic one. And no, I'm not going off on some “it's only game, why you heff to be mad” tangent – it's that, in this team's big picture, this playoff series does not matter. The mission for this season has already been accomplished; everything else now is just bonus (with some reaffirmation and teachable moments mixed in).
The Flames are not going to win the Stanley Cup this year. I want them to rattle off 16 wins too, but it's probably not going to happen. They're not a team built for that at this point in time. And that is perfectly okay.
This is a team that dawdled on rebuilding, convinced by an isolated two months of success – the spring of 2004 – that all it needed was to get in, and anything could happen. That's true to some extent, but when that's the basis for your entire franchise, you're doomed. And the Flames were happy to proceed along, doomed for at least half a decade, before they decided to do anything about it.
This is the last year of waiting. At least in theory it is; if this continues next year it might be a good time to get a little more disgruntled. But I've said it before – I think I've been saying it all season, really – this year is about growth. This year is not about winning. This year is about proving you are better than you were before. Winning is a side effect of that, but it's not the only indication.
The Flames are currently not winning, mostly thanks to stupid, isolated mistakes that keep coming back to nip them. It's frustrating, but it's fine: because they lost 3-2 for the second game in a row, but for the second game in a row, they were in it right up until the dying seconds, and that is significantly more that you can say about the Flames than it was several years ago.
Young forwards showed up
Remember how Johnny Gaudreau is too small to play in the postseason? Remember how he's small and weak and will never amount to anything in a meaningful game? It's kind of like how he was greedy and worthless during contract negotiations, right?
Gaudreau led all Flames forwards in ice time with 19:25, and he earned every second of it. He had a beautiful assist to tie the game, and was buzzing so often he could have picked up another point or two here or there throughout the night. Should he have shot the puck with the clock ticking down and a last-minute giveaway right in front of the net? Probably, and he almost had the game-tying goal in Game 1, too. But he's one of the last players anyone could blame for the Flames being in the position they're in right now; he's one of the first you point to for why they even have a chance to begin with (more on that shortly). Things aren't perfect, but he's one of the forwards giving his team a chance.
Sean Monahan now has two goals in two games. Both have been powerplay goals, but both were outstanding. Sam Bennett didn't score in this one, but he was buzzing all night, and was a part of an effort that could have counted. For all of the angst over Bennett's development this season, he looks like he's doing just fine in the playoffs.
They aren't young, but Mikael Backlund scored his second career playoff goal, and it was yet another beauty. The 3M line had a much-improved night. And Kris Versteeg once again showed up in a big way – both on the powerplay and at even strength – and was dangerous throughout the entire game.
There was a fair bit to like.
Play your best players
Gaudreau is one of the Flames' best players. He received minutes. He did a lot with them.
That's a pattern you can generally find when going through everyone's ice times. Gaudreau, Monahan, Backlund, and Michael Frolik were all heavy hitters.
This is where things go sour.
Versteeg, who was one of the Flames' best players on the night? 12:42 played. Bennett, who was buzzing alongside him? 11:08. Micheal Ferland, who is supposedly a top nine forward, seeing as how he actually plays alongside Gaudreau and Monahan? 11:19.
Those are fourth liner minutes. Matt Stajan played 11:23, while Lance Bouma played 10:53. In no justified world are they playing roughly as much as Versteeg and Bennett and Ferland. That's just, well, to take a word from Brad Treliving, asinine player management.
And you knew this was coming: Troy Brouwer played 16:02.
Special teams obviously had their role in that, to which you say: well, why? How is it that Brouwer ended up with twice the shifts of Versteeg in the final 10 minutes of the game? What was he doing out there, last gasp or not? Why is he killing penalties? Why is he on the powerplay? What is it, exactly, that he is doing? For all the inane criticism Gaudreau has received, even he's shown more physical spite towards the Ducks than Brouwer has. He's been more willing to start mixing things up, even if just for a brief moment after the game.
I simply cannot wrap my head around the fact that Brouwer is playing on the fourth line – a line that, through common convention, we can assume to be made up of the Flames' weaker players – and yet is still being treated as though he's an offensive leader on this team. He's not. He literally never has been. What are we doing here.
Glen Gulutzan has three lines he can roll that all have strong offensive opportunities (and members from all three have scored now, too). Play them. They're the team's best chance at winning. To refuse to do so is to shoot yourself in the foot.
Alex Chiasson and Bennett should be the Flames' second go-to penalty killing forward unit. It shouldn't even be a question.
And the defence…
The disparity here is more pronounced than it is for the forwards, thankfully; Matt Bartkowski played just 12:13 over 17 shifts, though it was still alarming to see just how often the play went against him. It was almost as though he's a defenceman who was plucked out of the AHL to fulfil expansion draft purposes? Despite playing the least he had the most blocked shots which, I think we established during the Kris Russell shenanigans, is not always a good thing.
Not that there's much to be done about it now, not with the Stockton Heat entering the playoffs – but considering Treliving's earlier comments and the glut of defencemen that seem to be forming in Stockton, gosh, you really hope a prospect or two is given a genuine shot next season, rather than messing around with the Grossmanns and Bartkowskis of the waiver wire.
The Flames' big three were the only ones to top 20 minutes, as they should be. This ties in with the whole “next year” thing: next year, hopefully, they have a suitable top four. They don't right now.
(And yes – fewer poorly timed penalties would help, but there truly aren't any better options.)
Another game well-played
Co-worker joins me for the end of the first period. The Flames are down 2-0 already; Matthew Tkachuk has taken a double minor. The Flames look like they're about to be sunk.
Backlund scores shorthanded.
“Wow,” co-worker later says, “that goal completely turned things around.”
For all the mess they got in, for as deep a hole they had to dig themselves out of, the Flames made it a competitive game. They took a game that looked like they were about to get embarrassed – one like two years ago – and made it competitive. They didn't sit around and feel sorry for themselves like they probably would have if this were January. They took it to the Ducks after, outshooting them 37-29 and falling just short in 5v5 corsi at 48.57%.
They're not winning, but this isn't a team that's going to lie down and die, either. And as alluded to way up above: at this stage of exiting the rebuild, moral victories still mean something.
Three other teams are down 2-0 in their respective series: Chicago, Minnesota, and Columbus. Chicago has a goal differential of -6. Minnesota has a goal differential of -2. Columbus has a goal differential of -5. Those first two teams have squandered home ice advantage. The Flames have a -2 goal differential on the road. The games have been close, both could have gone either way, and they're losing by the slimmest of margins… and almost all of their best players are young.
It could be much, much worse. Instead, it's competitive. And that frustration will ALWAYS be better than apathy.
Manager: Robber called clerk a terrorist, shot him Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved A surveillance photo showing the robber who shot a liquor store clerk. (Dec. 12, 2015) [ + - ] Video
Heather Walker and 24 Hour News 8 web staff -
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) - The manager of a party store where a clerk was shot is calling the act a hate crime.
The incident happened at the Bottlenecks store on Fuller Avenue NE near Aberdeen Street NE just before midnight Saturday. The store manager wasn't there at the time of the robbery, but said the clerk told her what happened.
Surveillance video shows the masked robber enter the store carrying a long gun.
"He said, 'Keep your hands up. Don't look at me,'" the manager, who asked not to be identified, told 24 Hour News 8 on Monday.
The robber demanded money. The clerk, who goes by Tony, put cash in a bag and handed it over.
The manager said the shooter then took Tony to a back room. The manager said the robber then ordered the clerk to his knees, stuck a gun in the his mouth and said something to the effect of "I shot people like you overseas in the Middle East." The manager said the gunman also called the clerk a terrorist and a member of ISIS.
"Tony thought, 'OK, I'm going to die; might as well die fighting,'" the manager said.
The manager said the barrel of the gun moved to the side of Tony's mouth as he fought back, potentially saving his life when the gun went off. The bullet went through his cheek.
The manager told 24 Hour News 8 the shooter fired two more shots before taking off.
The 34-year-old victim is out of the hospital and recovering at home.
"He's very lucky because it could have been a lot worse, but thank God he's OK," the manager said.
While providing an update on the case Monday afternoon, Grand Rapids Police Department Sgt. Terry Dixon said the victim responded "very bravely" and he might be dead had he not taken action.
Dixon said the clerk told them the gunman said something like he "used to kill people like him for fun overseas."
The clerk is from India, not the Middle East, and he is not Muslim.
"We shouldn't be targeted for it because we have nothing to do with it. We are just trying to live our normal lives. Like I grew up here and a lot of my Punjabi friends did," the manager said. "Whether we're Indian or whether we're (not), it doesn't matter. You shouldn't specifically be going for one race. … We're not involved in any of it and so it's just really sad that people are thinking like that."
Dixon said police are treating the case as an armed robbery and shooting and they need more information before determining if it was a hate-fueled crime.
The shooter is still on the run. He's approximately 6 feet tall. Police say he left the store wearing a mask, black hooded sweatshirt, quilted flannel shirt and black pants.
GRPD released a surveillance photo of the suspect in hopes of identifying him. Anyone with information is asked to call GRPD at 6116.456.3400 or Silent Observer at 616.774.2345.
Onyango Obama, President Obama's Kenyan-born uncle, left, arrives at U.S. Immigration Court with attorney Margaret Wong, right, for a deportation hearing Tuesday, Dec. 3, 2013 in Boston. He has lived in the United States since the 1960s, when he came here as a teenager to attend school. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)
The White House acknowledged Thursday that President Obama lived with his uncle for a brief period in the 1980s while he was a student at Harvard Law School -- despite previously saying there was no record of the two having met.
"The president did stay with him for a brief period of time until his apartment was ready," White House spokesman Eric Schultz said in a statement. "After that, they saw each other once every few months, but after law school they fell out of touch. The president has not seen him in 20 years, has not spoken with him in 10. "
Onyango "Omar" Obama faced a deportation hearing earlier this week following a drunk-driving arrest. During the hearing, he said that the president had lived with him while he was a student at Harvard.
The Boston Globe reported in 2012, after Omar Obama's arrest, that the White House said he had "never met his famous nephew." The White House now says it only told the Globe that there was no record of the two having met -- not definitively that they hadn't met.
In its report Thursday, the Globe confirmed that the White House initially said that there was no record that they had met. It said the White House never asked for a correction.
White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters at Thursday's White House briefing that, when the issue of Obama's uncle came up in 2011, the press office "looked at the president's records, including the president's book" and found no reference to him.
"That was what was conveyed," he said. "No one had spoken to the president."
When the issue of their relationship came up again during the Boston trial, Carney added: “I thought it was the right thing to do to go ask him.”
Carney emphasized that the two men have no relationship at this point. "The president has not seen Omar Obama in roughly 20 years, and has not spoken to him in 10 years," he said.
Omar Obama comes from his father's side of the family and is a Kenyan national. Obama was not close to his father, who left the family when the president was very young.
Obama's relationship with his uncle is also news to scholars of the president, who also found no evidence that the two had met, according to a 2011 Washington Post report.
Omar Obama, 69, was allowed to stay in the United States following his hearing. The White House emphasized that it did nothing to assist him in his deportation case. He had said following his arrest that the president would help him out.
"...Omar Obama's case was handled routinely, in regular order – without any interference from the president or the White House," Schultz said.
The White House did not comment on the matter Tuesday or Wednesday, despite requests from the Washington Post.
Originally posted at 2:07 p.m. This post has been updated.
RELATED: What did -- and didn't -- the young Obama do?
By AFP
More by this Author
OTTAWA
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's wife set off a social media firestorm Tuesday, the eve of International Women's Day, by suggesting that men should be celebrated too.
"As we mark International Women's Day, let's celebrate the boys and men in our lives who encourage us to be who we truly are, who treat girls & women with respect," Sophie Gregoire Trudeau wrote on her Instagram account.
She posted a photo of herself and her husband — who proudly declares himself a feminist — showing them holding hands and gazing into each other's eyes.
Gregoire Trudeau urged women to post a photo with their male ally.
Joining in this way could help "create a movement that inspires more men to join the fight to build a better tomorrow with equal rights & opportunities for everyone... because #EqualityMatters," she wrote.
Her post attracted plenty of blunt criticism.
"I've never had to have my hand held," conservative MP Michelle Rempel tweeted. "Women's day is about women, not men!!"
A woman from Vancouver added, "This is so problematic I don't even know where to start.
"International women's day is a day to celebrate intersectional feminism and acknowledge the strides women have taken for equality while simultaneously acknowledging the active misogyny women and women identified individuals encounter on a daily basis. It is NOT a day about men."
Gregoire Trudeau seemed to take the criticism in stride, saying in a post Tuesday night, "Well, now we're having a conversation!"
The witches and wizards in Nigeria are not happy with Islamist militant sect Boko Haram.
The Sun reports that an emergency meeting was held at Afuze, Edo over the challenges facing the country, especially the nation's security.
In an interview with the publication, the leader and spokesman for Witches and Wizards Association of Nigeria (WITZAN), Dr. Okhue Iboi said the emergency meeting was to discuss a way forward.
“Witches and Wizards in Nigeria are deeply worried by what is going on in the country especially Boko Haram insurgency. As stakeholders in the Nigerian project, we can no longer afford to fold our hands while the nation burns. Enough is enough” Iboi said at the event.
According to Iboi, it was witches and wizards from Borno, Adamawa and Yobe that urged the association to have the meeting.
He said the bi-annual meeting of the association was scheduled to be held in the first week of October, but because of the sect “our fellow brothers and sisters from the these three North eastern states” pleaded for the emergency meeting, to “help cage Shekau and his blood-thirsty lieutenants.”
The 55-year-old also said the days of Shekau are numbered and he will be captured before the end of December, as well as paraded on the streets of Abuja and Maiduguri for the world to see.
And for the parents of the missing school girls, he says they should smile as “those girls are coming back home. They will be rescued.”
If you are in doubt of their power, don't be, because Iboi says all their revelations will come to pass as it did with the 2011 general elections when they told Ibrahim Babaginda and Atiku Abubakar not to contest against President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan.
Other revelations by Iboi include the Emir of Kano Sanusi Lamido Sanusi should not rejoice yet, Governor Adams Oshiomole is standing on a shaky ground, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu will be disgraced and President Jonathan will win the 2015 elections.
The Andean cat ranges from remote areas of central Peru to the Patagonian steppe. Perfectly adapted to extreme environments, this small feline is threatened by habitat degradation and hunting, but most of all it suffers from anonymity: it's hard to save an animal that no one ever sees.
So few of these endangered cats are scattered across such vast landscapes that even most of their advocates have never seen the species they're trying to protect. But the conservation efforts that could save this cat could also preserve the wild places where Andean cats live.
When a male Andean cat was found wandering around a soccer field, Andean Cat Alliance members agreed to forego the extraordinary opportunity to study the animal in captivity, and try instead to return “Jacobo” to the wild.
Andean Cat Alliance coordinators Rocío Palacios and Lilian Villalba orchestrated the multinational volunteer release effort. Conservationists equipped Jacobo with a GPS collar and hope that tracking his travels will reveal new data about this secretive cat, considered a symbol of the Andes.
When an Andean cat (Leopardus jacobita) suddenly showed up in the middle of a synthetic soccer field in Bolivia, the wild feline was far from anywhere that should have been home. Not knowing what else to do, local people put the Endangered cat in a birdcage to hand it over to authorities.
How the housecat-sized feline ended up such a distance from its usual haunts — high in the mountains of Chile, Argentina, Bolivia and Peru — is still a mystery. However, the extraordinary circumstance gave conservationists a chance to learn about an animal they were dedicated to saving, but had rarely seen.
It isn't easy to find an Andean cat. Only 1,378 adults exist, with the small cats scattered over more than 150,000 square kilometers (roughly 600,000 square miles) of highlands from northeastern Peru to Patagonia, according to the first population numbers published last year on the IUCN red list website. This single population estimate is one of the biggest successes of the Andean Cat Alliance because estimating the population numbers for such a low density species is a huge challenge, says Rocío Palacios, biologist and co-coordinator of the organization, which has teams of volunteers dedicated to protecting this wild feline across its whole range.
Although the cats live in remote areas, at elevations up to 12,000 feet, their habitat is rich with deposits of coal, oil and minerals such as tin, silver, and gold, so the reclusive feline increasingly competes with the mining industry for territory. They're also threatened by local hunters who, in an effort to protect livestock from larger predators, often kill the small cats, too.
The thick-coated wild cats also suffer from an identity crisis. With so few prowling such a large landscape, most people don't even know what they look like. If spotted, Andean cats may be mistaken for the pampas cat that lives in overlapping habitat. With such a low profile, it can be tough to generate support for conservation.
“This is more than saving a cat,” says Palacios. “This animal is a symbol of the Andes. When we talk about saving this cat, we're talking about saving an entire landscape.”
Mongabay: What motivates you to save an animal you never see?
Palacios: I get that question a lot. At first, that was really hard to answer because I couldn't understand this feeling that you need to see the animal that you are studying to be able to work with that animal.
I've always loved to study carnivores but where I live, in Argentina, there are no big lions. We have smaller cats and they are always on the move, so it's really hard to find them. So, it's detective work: I look for signs and tracks to deduce what the cats have been doing, how they interact with each other. From gathering evidence, we construct the life history. But it's not just about the cat. The cat is a symbol of what I'm working for.
One of the most powerful experiences in my life happened the first time I went to the Andes, looking for the cat and collecting scat. I was sitting on a rock and couldn't see any sign of humans — no people, no roads, not another human thing — in any direction. Even though I had been going to the mountains since I was a kid, I had never before experienced that feeling of completely blending with nature.
Conservation can be a really challenging profession; a lot of times it looks like the battle is already lost. The Andean cat is like my secret weapon, a symbol of that memory of totally blending into nature.
Mongabay: What have conservationists learned from Jacobo?
Palacios: Finding Jacobo was a powerful thing. The researchers and professionals who volunteer for the AGA (Alianza Gato Andino is the Spanish name for the Andean Cat Alliance) have worked together for a long time and we are always facing questions about the cat's life history: How many kittens do they have? What is the breeding season? What is their phsiology? These are basic questions that we cannot answer because we've never had one in captivity to study. Before Jacobo, we didn't even know the composition of the cat's blood.
Immediately after Jacobo was found, it was determined the best place to keep him was at the Vesty Pakos State Zoo in La Paz [Bolivia]. They made special enclosures for him, so he wouldn't get used to humans, and took very good care of him — he even gained a couple of pounds while he was there.
An inter-institutional committee was formed, organized by AGA, to follow up on everything related to Jacobo's wellbeing. We planned to release him after the winter, when the weather wouldn't be so harsh. Then he started to show signs of stress in captivity — a giant alert sign that we needed to release him very quickly. It began to feel like an emergency.
Even though we all wanted the same thing, it was hard to work together because people were in different countries and everyone has a “day job” to pay the bills. Also, the release process itself was complex. For example, we needed a blood test to make sure Jacobo was healthy before his release, but there was no lab in Bolivia that could do this, so the sample had to be sent to a specialist in Chile. This required special permits in a short timeframe. After the results came back okay, we needed trucks, release experts and a collar to track him. All of this costs money and — except for the trucks — the AGA financed most of these needed services.
The tracking technology is not well developed for small cats and you can't just custom-order it for one individual. Only 5 Andean cats have ever been collared and we haven't collected nearly enough information from them. The first cat, named Sombrita, was collared in Bolivia and about six months later she was killed by a local person who had issues with the protected area recently established in the region. Later, more cats were collared in Argentina, but each one had some kind of problem; the collars fell off too quickly or just stopped recording. There is just not proper technology developed for this kind of species, so most of our data has been from scat and camera traps.
Finally, everything came together and we released Jacobo in Sajama National Park, in Bolivia. After the first few days of tracking his radio signal, he began venturing farther away from the site.
Mongabay: What are the next steps for Andean cat conservation?
Palacios: Our immediate goal is to stop the hunting. When I was finishing my research in northern Patagonia, more than half of the records for that dissertation work came from dead cats. That's more than 20 dead cats, a huge number for a low-density species.
Part of our mitigation program in Chile and Argentina includes training guard dogs to keep predators away from goat herds in the [mountain] communities. That way the small cats won't get killed along with the mountain lions, which are the real livestock predators. We want to expand that program as quickly as possible.
Another part of that program brings artists to schools where they help children paint murals that show the Andean cat and his important place in the landscape. In these isolated areas, the schools are a gathering place for the community, so everyone sees these conservation messages.
We also need pure research at the population genetics level. It may sound boring, but I have a strong suspicion there may be two subspecies of Andean cats, and we need to know [whether that is true or not] to adjust our conservation actions.
Next year, we also want to start a monitoring network in protected areas. This was my main project in previous fieldwork. If this is well applied, the Andean cat becomes part of the action plan for protected areas. That works as a conservation tool because it helps detect sudden changes in population trends.
And of course, there is Jacobo. We need to keep following him. He was released in a very remote site, in a park that straddles Bolivia and Chile. When we went to the field to look for [radio collar] signals in October, November, and December, there was a far away signal once, and then never again. We are trying to arrange an overflight to look for him one more time before the radio battery dies.
Even though it's disappointing not to know exactly where he is, it's a good thing that Jacobo moved away from his release site, looking for a proper place to make his own territory. He is out there somewhere and, because every individual matters, we know we did the best thing possible by releasing him.
Jacobo is a lot more than just another cat for us; he's a symbol of the Andes. Like a living being needs a soul, the soul of the Andes is represented by Jacobo.
For more on the topic:
Lucherini M, Palacios R, Villalba L, Iverson E. (2012) A new Strategic Plan for the conservation of the Andean cat. Oryx. Vol. 46, pp. 16-17.
Novaro AJ, Walker S, Palacios R, et al. (2010) Endangered Andean cat distribution beyond the Andes in Patagonia. Cat News. Vol. 53, pp. 8-10.
Villalba L, Lucherini M, Walker S, Lagos N, Cossios D, Bennett M, Huaranca J. 2016. Leopardus jacobita. The IUCN Red List of Threatened Species 2016: e.T15452A50657407.
Walker S, Funes M, Heidel L, Palacios R. (2014) The Endangered Andean cat and fracking in Patagonia. Oryx. Vol. 48, pp. 14-15.
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler has circulated a number of proposals--primarily a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking--to restructure the Universal Service Fund's lifeline subsidy as it is migrated from traditional phone to broadband service. The plan is to vote on those proposals at the June public meeting.
Lifeline provides subsidies, paid by telecoms and, ultimately, their subs, for essential communications services for low-income Americans. The proposals do not deal with the contribution side--whether broadband operators will have to pay into the subsidy, too. That is the subject of a separate proceeding, with the FCC awaiting input from the USF Joint Board.
The Lifeline "reboot" includes adding broadband service to the subsidy, establishing minimum services standards for both phone voice and broadband that are sufficiently robust for modern demands--the FCC is seeking input on what those should be, but has not offered any tentative conclusions.
FCc Chairman Tom Wheeler has signaled that 25 Mbps on the broadband side should be table stakes for speeds in the digital age, although in the USF Connect America Fund, part of the migration of USF subsidies to rural, hard-to-reach areas, the FCC in April set 10 Mbps as a baseline (http://www.broadcastingcable.com/news/washington/fcc-makes-17b-available...).
The FCC is expecting to keep the subsidy at $9.25 per month, for either phone or broadband, but seeks comment on whether that is the right price.
The chairman is also proposing not to allow lifeline providers to verify the eligibility of their customers, which the FCC says invites waste and is both a potential conflict and a burden on providers. Instead, the FCC is looking for an independent third party to do the verification.
The FCC began Lifeline modernization and teed up the broadband migration in 2012, with reforms addressing waste, fraud and abuse, including an accountability database that FCC officials say helped reverse runaway spending and virtually eliminate duplicative payments.
In those reforms, the FCC considered establishing a budget for the program. The new proposals seek input on whether this would be the right time to establish that budget--it concluded back in 2012 that that was not the time.
The proposals also seek comment on whether nontraditional providers can compete in the program.
FCC officials also say the proposals would build on waste, fraud and abuse reforms from 2012 by:
1, "Requiring providers to retain documentation regarding the eligibility of their Lifeline customers to facilitate oversight and audits."
2. "Extending all record retention requirements from three to ten years."
3. "Increasing program transparency by making key performance data easily available to the public."
All the proposals are still just that. The commissioners will have to approve--the chairman almost certainly has the votes, then the public will get to comment and the FCC would have to vote again on a final order.
"The FCC's January 2012 reforms of its Lifeline program have saved U.S. ratepayers billions, strengthening oversight and eliminating waste, fraud and abuse," said Amina Fazlullah, Benton Foundation director of policy in response to the FCC proposals. "With these reforms now implemented, the Benton Foundation welcomes today's action by FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler to take the next step and modernize Lifeline to reflect the reality of 2015: home broadband service is no longer a luxury, but an essential service for education, public health, public safety, jobs and the economy."
by
On September 13, just days after returning from volunteering as a legal observer at the NODAPL encampments in Standing Rock, North Dakota, attorney Mariel Nanasi executive director of New Energy Economy was in the streets of Santa Fe saying the words she carried back from the Sioux reservation: Water is Life.
Water is Life was also the cri de coeur of the more than a hundred urban water protectors who took to the streets with her outside of Bank of America, calling for an end to the risky business of building an oil pipeline underneath the Missouri River, the source of clean drinking water for 20,000,000 Americans. Nanasi warned Bank of America against extending $350,000,000 of credit to the pipeline's operators in a project where $3.75 of the $3.8 billion is on credit.
“With so much money leveraged,” she said, “the pipeline investors are at risk that their money will amount to nothing but losses. The level of uncertainty for Dakota Access Pipeline is mounting: the pipeline cannot be joined without access to federal land, the winter is quickly approaching and Bank of America and the other banks are at risk of their investment being stranded. If the bank had done their due diligence which includes regulatory risk, legal risk and climate risk then they would have realized that the only infrastructure projects worth investing in are projects that support life, not threaten it.”
Research conducted by Food and Water Watch shows that 38 banks are involved in funding the pipeline and related projects. According to their calculations, $10.25 billion in loans and credit facilities from 38 banks are directly supporting the companies building the pipeline.
Barbara Grothus of Albuquerque said that she'd come to Santa Fe to take the NO DAPL pipeline message to the bank itself because “they are the ones who benefit at the expense of Native people, but really all people. There's only a finite amount of clean water, on the Earth, we can't fix it once we've messed it up.”
In a phone call with Kelly Sapp, BOA's Environment point person on the Corporate Responsibility team, Ms. Sapp said she was unaware of BOA's investment in the pipeline, or any controversy around the pipeline, or that there was a national movement to stop the pipeline.
Bypassing the political structure to take their grievances about “the Black Snake” directly to one of its bankrollers, the protectors talked turkey about the pipeline's many foreign investors.
“There are banks from Japan, Germany, Switzerland, all over the world. This is a global beast,” said Liz Wallace, a Santa Fean who identifies as part Maidu, Washoe and Navajo.
In December 2015 the ban on exporting oil in place for more than 40 years was lifted by the U.S. Congress, making oil produced in the U.S. available to low-oil producing countries like Japan for the first time in decades.
Nanasi told the crowd that building the pipeline was “an insane proposition.”
“The pipeline is proposed to go under 209 tributaries, creeks and rivers, and to think that it won't leak, or there won't be an explosion, is crazy. In New Mexico we had over 1,800 oil and gas spills in 2015 alone. We're talking about devastation and it's not a matter of if, it's a matter of when.”
Earlier that day, 20 more North Dakota protectors were arrested in lockdown actions to halt DAPL construction; some have since been charged with felonies for “reckless endangerment.” Law enforcement arrived in full riot gear, in what some were calling an escalating militarization of law enforcement.
“The time is now to step in line behind Native peoples in frontline communities who are leading the fight,” said Bianca Sopoci-Belknap, Program Director of New Energy Economy addressing the crowd, while holding her baby in her arms.
Evelyn Naranjo, a co-founder of Tewa Women United, a co-sponsoring organization of the day's event, first spoke in the soft susurrations of her Indigenous language “to bring the spirits here to protect us.”
Naranjo's concern is for the future.
“We may be a different color, but we're all the same inside,” she said, “and we have to unite. We're here for the little ones, for the generations.”
Her niece, Aspen Vallo, 18, had just returned from the prayer camps in Standing Rock, and was feeling empowered.
“It's the youth who are getting out there, not just the elders,” she said. “It humbled me. I come from San Ildefonso Pueblo where we lost a battle with our land.”
She hopes for a more successful outcome for this struggle.
“I'd love to see NO DAPL end in a success, but even if it doesn't happen, at least there's a movement behind us. Now, there's more power to us.”
Writer's block is a condition, primarily associated with writing, in which an author loses the ability to produce new work, or experiences a creative slowdown. The condition ranges from difficulty in coming up with original ideas to being unable to produce a work for years. Throughout history, writer's block has been a documented problem.[1]
Professionals who have struggled with the affliction include authors such as F. Scott Fitzgerald[2] and Joseph Mitchell,[3] comic strip cartoonist Charles M. Schulz,[4] composer Sergei Rachmaninoff,[5] and songwriter Adele.[6] Research concerning this topic was done in the late 1970s and 1980s. During this time, researchers were influenced by the Process and Post-Process movements, and therefore focused specifically on the writer's processes. The condition was first described in 1947 by psychoanalyst Edmund Bergler.[7] However, some great writers may have already suffered from writer's block years before Bergler described it, such as Herman Melville, who quit writing novels a few years after writing Moby-Dick.[8]
Causes [ edit ]
Writer's block may have several causes. Some are creative problems that originate within an author's work itself. A writer may run out of inspiration, or be distracted by other events. A fictional example can be found in George Orwell's novel Keep the Aspidistra Flying, in which the protagonist Gordon Comstock struggles in vain to complete an epic poem describing a day in London: "It was too big for him, that was the truth. It had never really progressed, it had simply fallen apart into a series of fragments."[9]
Other blocks may be produced by adverse circumstances in a writer's life or career: physical illness, depression, the end of a relationship, financial pressures, or a sense of failure.[citation needed] The pressure to produce work may in itself contribute to writer's block, especially if they are compelled to work in ways that are against their natural inclination (i.e. with a deadline or an unsuitable style or genre). Writer's block may also come from feeling intimidated by one's previous big successes.[citation needed] The writer Elizabeth Gilbert, reflecting on her post-bestseller prospects, proposed that such a pressure might be released by interpreting creative writers as "having" genius rather than "being" a genius.[10]
It has been suggested that writer's block is more than just a mentality. Under stress, a human brain will "shift control from the cerebral cortex to the limbic system".[11] The limbic system is associated with the instinctual processes, such as "fight or flight" response; and behavior that is based on "deeply engrained training". The limited input from the cerebral cortex hinders a person's creative processes, which are replaced by the behaviors associated with the limbic system. The person is often unaware of the change, which may lead them to believe they are creatively "blocked".[11] In her 2004 book The Midnight Disease: The Drive to Write, Writer's Block, and the Creative Brain (ISBN 9780618230655), the writer and neurologist Alice W. Flaherty has argued that literary creativity is a function of specific areas of the brain, and that block may be the result of brain activity being disrupted in those areas.[12]
For a composition perspective, Lawrence Oliver says, in his article, "Helping Students Overcome Writer's Block", "Students receive little or no advice on how to generate ideas or explore their thoughts, and they usually must proceed through the writing process without guidance or corrective feedback from the teacher, who withholds comments and criticism until grading the final product."[13] He says, students "learn to write by writing", and often they are insecure and/or paralyzed by rules.[13]
Phyllis Koestenbaum wrote in her article "The Secret Climate the Year I Stopped Writing" about her trepidation toward writing, claiming it was tied directly to her instructor's response.[14] She says, "I needed to write to feel, but without feeling I couldn't write."[14] To contrast Koestenbaum experience, Nancy Sommers expressed her belief that papers do not end when students finish writing and that neither should instructors' comments.[15] She urges a "partnership" between writers and instructors so that responses become a conversation.[15]
James Adams notes in his book, Conceptual Blockbusting, various reasons blocks occur include fear of taking a risk, "chaos" in the pre-writing stage, judging versus generating ideas, an inability to incubate ideas, or a lack of motivation.[16]
Treatment [ edit ]
As far as strategies for coping with writer's block Clark describes: class and group discussion, journals, free writing and brainstorming, clustering, list making, and engaging with the text.[1] To overcome writing blocks, Oliver suggests asking writers questions to uncover their writing process.[13] Then he recommends solutions such as systematic questioning, freewriting, and encouragement.[13] A recent study of 2500 writers aimed to find techniques that writers themselves used to overcome writer's block.[17] The research discovered a range of solutions from altering the time of day to write and setting deadlines to lowering expectations and using mindfulness meditation.
Garbriele Lusser Rico's concern with the mind links to brain lateralization, also explored by Rose and Linda Flowers and John R. Hayes among others. Rico's book, Writing the Natural Way looks into invention strategies, such as clustering, which has been noted to be an invention strategy used to help writers overcome their blocks,[18] and further emphasizes the solutions presented in works by Rose, Oliver, and Clark. Similar to Rico, James Adams discusses right brain involvement in writing.[16] While Downey purposes that he is basing his approach in practical concerns,[4] his concentration on right brain techniques speaks to cognitive theory approach similar to Rico's and a more practical advice for writers to approach their writer's block.[4]
See also [ edit ]
Starlight, Prologue
Two days after May 2nd, 1998
Hogwarts Express, somewhere in Northern England.
"But, he's there! Potter's there! Someone grab him!"
"Before Harry could speak, there was a massive movement. The Gryffindors in front of him had risen and stood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherins. Then the Hufflepuffs stood, and almost at the same moment, the Ravenclaws, all of them with their backs to Harry, all of them looking toward Pansy instead, and Harry, awestruck and overwhelmed, saw wands emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and from under sleeves."
Pansy and her fellow Slytherin students who were forced to evacuate immediately after the battle of Hogwarts were on the Hogwarts Express, taking them home to their families. . She did not know what awaited her at home, but knew due to her stupid mistake thinking she could convince everyone to give Harry Potter over to Voldemort to secure their safety, she felt uneasy in her stomach. Her mind began to panic as she worried for Draco's safety, and the safety of her parents. She knew that they would answer their call as Death Eaters and serve Lord Voldemort at the battle, but hoped they had made it out safely.
The train arrived at King's Cross at about half past ten, pulling into the near empty Platform 9 and 3/4th, a few parents stood on the station waiting for the arrival of their children. The train was bringing home as many kids who left Hogwarts after the battle was over. Many parents had taken their children directly from the school and got them home on their own means. Pansy stared out the window in the hopes she would see her Mother and Father, but did not see them mixed in with the few people that were there. 'Maybe they're running late' she said to herself, thinking that somehow they had survived the battle and had gotten away without being identified. The train halted to a dead stop. 'Please make sure you take all of your belongings left in the carriages before exiting the train' said the voice over the intercom in the train. Pansy gathered up the bags she had in her compartment, and took the one large suitcase from above the entranceway to the compartment and made her way off the train. She rolled everything to a cart on the platform and began to make her way to the entryway to get off 9 3/4th's and back into the muggle world. There was no sight of her parents anywhere on the Hogwarts platform, nor on the King's Cross platform. Without giving up hope, she got a train to take her back to her region of England, and took the long ride home without anyone coming with nodded off to sleep for another long train ride.
The train stopped at station in Southampton, and Pansy gathered everything once again and got out of the station as quickly as possible. Instead of waiting for anyone to show up, she grabbed ahold of all her belongings and apparated home.
A few seconds later, Pansy was standing on the doorstep to her home, snug in the countryside that was calm and quiet. She entered the house and it was completely silent inside, no movement on the first floor. Rolling her bags through the door, she heard movement from upstairs. A figure came down the steps and paused midway through.
"Pansy? Is that you?" a voice rang out quietly, Pansy replied
"Yes Rose, It's me, no need to worry." The figure came gliding down the steps and ran directly into Pansy's arms.
"Oh I'm so happy you're home! Mum and Dad said they went to pick you up from Hogwarts on the 2nd! Are they with you?"
Pansy knew right then and there that her parents had gone to fight at the battle, and they still weren't back yet. She felt light inside her head at the idea that her parents would leave their youngest daughter home alone. What if I never came home? She would be sitting here worried sick about all of us. I can't believe they would lie to her. " Pansy said to her sister "They went out for a bit, and they didn't say when they would be home. But don't worry, I'm here now." Rose looked up at her, with a slight worried look on her face, but she smiled nonetheless.
Pansy eventually got all of her belongings back up to her room, within a hour she was unpacked and back to her normal home life. She looked out the window that was perched on the third floor of the narrow house they lived in, and wished her parents would come home soon.
Two years later, and she was still waiting for that day.
August 16th, 2000.
Two years after the events of May 2nd, 1998.
"Rose! Get up already! We need to go get all your supplies!"
Pansy was standing in the kitchen trying to wrap up a boxed lunch for herself and her sister's journey to Diagon Alley. Rose came down the stairs and grabbed her bookbag, and waited for Pansy to finish up. Once the lunch was wrapped, she hurried herself and her sister out the door and apperated to the entrance way of The Leaky Cauldron.
I started to resent my parents a week after I had gotten home. I knew they wouldn't come home. They were probably dead, and no one bothered to identify them, probably just threw them in a pile and let them rot. I could care less, they werent coming back. Did they really think I would be able to take care of everything at home with them gone? Both sisters had to adjust to life without their parents, even Rose had caught on that her parents weren't coming home, and it resulted in a few teary nights that Pansy had to deal with. And in the time she had been home, Pansy had gotten one letter from her 'friends' from Hogwarts. A letter that wasnt even signed, only describing how much of a disgrace she was for what happened at The Battle of Hogwarts. She pushed the memory of the letter to the back of her head and both herself and Rose proceeded into The Leaky Cauldron, hoping for the best.
The pub had not changed since 1991, a damp feeling was in the air and Wizards and Witches huddled around tables and stools around. Bartender Tom was still in the center, tending to the various patrons standing at the bar. Pansy hurried her sister passed everyone, trying not to attract attention to the back entrance to Diagon Alley. A quick tap of the bricks and they were both in the confines of the alley. This wasn't what Pansy imagined her sister's first year at Hogwarts would be like. No parents, a sister with a bad reputation, she hoped she wouldn't be picked on or bullied because of it. It was no secret with what Pansy said to Harry Potter. Pansy never regretted what she had said that night, but the repercussions grew to become an overbearing blight on her life. Her parents had drilled into her from the moment she was able to talk that muggles were absolute scum of the earth, and she should not treat any of them with respect. The naive child she was, she followed what her parents said, not realizing what it would cause all these years later. The sisters walked slowly down the center of Diagon Alley, trying to blend in with the large crowd that bustled about. They first stopped in the re-opened Flourish and Blotts, and gathered the necessary books needed for Rose's first year. Pansy had to tell her sister that she could not buy a book that was placed in the clearance bin that was on sale for a single silver Sickle, an old copy of Magical Me by Gilderoy Lockhart. Rose exclaimed "But he looks like he might know stuff i may need to know!" Pansy sighed and ignored her, knowing the fraud he turned out to be. As the day progressed on, the crowds in the alley grew bigger and louder. The duo progressed down to get Rose her first wand, selected by Ollivander himself. When they entered his rebuild store, it was barren. A family stood in the back corner looking at Wands. Ollivander was standing at the front desk, looking tired, wrinkles around his face. Pansy was surprised after the events in 1996 where the Death Eaters kidnapped him, that he still continued to create wands. They approached the desk, and the old man smiled gently.
"Ah yes, First year at Hogwarts?"
Pansy had opened her mouth, but Rose interrupted her.
"Yes! I'm so unbelievably excited!"
He laughed heartily and looked at Pansy, the smile slightly faded from his face, but was still visible.
"Ah, Mrs. Parkinson. I remember the day you stepped into my shop for the first time with your family, Cherry with Unicorn hair, 9 inches, correct?"
Pansy nodded, gulped and spoke
"Yes, it was. It's still in great condition to this day."
Ollivander spoke again
"Good, good. Now then, lets get your sister her set up with this wand."
Less than a half hour later, they walked out of the shop with Rose's new wand in hand Ash, with Dragon Heartstring, 8 and a half inches. Rose clutched the box tightly in her arms, and was beaming. Pansy was just thankful her sister was enjoying her time out, but was still on edge with how Ollivander reacted to her in his shop. She never expected him to be cold, but she felt a facade over every word he spoke. He hated what the Death Eaters had done to him, it nearly broke his spirit. Pansy remembered what Draco had told her during their 6th year that he was being tortured by Voldemort. For what reason she was unsure of, but one can assume why he would want information from him. Quickly hurrying to make the last stop to get Rose's cauldron needed for potions.
"Why cant we get a new owl?"
Rose sighed as they browsed for the right sized cauldron, Pansy took one look down at a standard-sized pewter cauldron, and she said
"We already have one, we don't need a new one."
"But all the first years will have an animal of their own!"
Pansy sighed loudly, and hissed
"Rose, we are not buying an animal. Now take this cauldron here and bring it to the counter."
Rose pouted, and grabbed a hold of the cauldron that was a tad bit bigger than her head.
It wasn't long before they had gotten back home, they both brought the supplies into the house and placed them in the cupboard closet for the time being. They both quickly washed up and ate dinner in a somewhat deafening silence. This wasn't something Pansy was cut out for, she had always been a good sister to Rose, but she wasn't cut out to be a sort of mother on top of being a sister. She just wanted Rose to be happy, but Rose couldn't see that the world around her wasn't as pleasant as she believed it was. No book could prepare her for what the wizarding world would eventually mold into in the coming years.
Things were about to take a drastic turn in a completely different direction.
What happened Sunday night in Las Vegas was a horrible, senseless tragedy. Hundreds are hurt, at least 58 dead as of this writing, and a nation trying to figure out just what is going on.
Here's a video of the concert as the attack begins:
Note the sound. Sure sounds like a fully-automatic weapon which is one of the most tightly controlled weapon categories in the country. A background check, permission from law enforcement, and national registration are just some of the hurdles one would have to go through to buy a weapon like this legally.
That doesn't even touch on the massive expense of buying a legal full-auto firearm following the 1986 machine gun ban. Weapons like that run tens of thousands of dollars, which means that alone keeps them out of most folks' hands.
But that won't stop the anti-gun left.
Nope. Blame for the tragedy rest squarely on the shoulders of the National Rifle Association.
The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots. Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get. — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 2, 2017
Oh, sweet and fluffy Lord.
It's a suppressor, not a silencer. For the kinds of weapons we're looking at being used, a suppressor is less than useless. Further, if the shooter got a legal full-auto weapon, which is doubtful, it wouldn't have been a problem for him to get a suppressor.
If he got the weapons illegally, then there was nothing stopping him from getting a suppressor illegally.
Nothing was done after Sandy Hook, Orlando and now Las Vegas. Stop kidding yourselves @NRA civilians owning machine guns is a VERY BAD IDEA. — Ollie Cookson (@OCookson) October 2, 2017
Donald, and and your NRA gun nuts share responsibility for the Las Vegas massacre. Why do civilians need military assault weapons? — yaakovdoe (@YaakovDoe) October 2, 2017
@NRA I hold you partly responsible for what happened in Las Vegas. It's time to enact real gun control laws. — Aaron Nissalke (@nissalke6) October 2, 2017
Life comes at you fast. NRA spokespuppet goes from chiding the mayor of Edmonton after a terror attack to waiting for the facts in Las Vegas pic.twitter.com/ZWUrZpdrcX — Justin Ling (@Justin_Ling) October 2, 2017
Survivors like me don't want your prayer. We want you OFF the @NRA payroll, @POTUS. We want Wayne LaPierre OUT of the @WhiteHouse! #LasVegas pic.twitter.com/y1YfKg9S8A — Rachael Joseph (@titusthemutt) October 2, 2017
The #NRA is at least indirectly responsible for #LasVegas. How else can an average Joe collect 8 guns and over 50 bullets? — Carlos Solís (@csolisr) October 2, 2017
Of course, most of us call “50 bullets” a box or two of ammo, but whatever.
The @NRA was one of the largest donors to @realDonaldTrump's campaign. They expect to get what they paid for. This admin will not do anything to prevent further violence. #LasVegas — Sophie Ellman-Golan (@EgSophie) October 2, 2017
Really, it keeps going on and on like that.
In fact, that's only a very brief snapshot of the anti-NRA hatred being spewed. This from the same people who routinely call for calm reflection following a terrorist attack motivated by radical Islam. “Don't blame all of Islam,” they say…but think nothing of blaming the NRA for something there's no indication they had anything to do with.
Let me make this very clear to the leftists out there: This maniac used one of the most tightly controlled and regulated firearms in the country, one that requires every hoop imaginable to get your hands on legally, and killed dozens and wounded hundreds. Do you really think there's anything that would have stopped this from happening? Anything at all?
Especially since there are so many questions we don't have answers to. His brother claims he had no political affiliations, but that seems unlikely in this day and age. However, we still don't know for sure. Maybe he was an odd duck these days and didn't care. Who knows.
To be sure, there's plenty of speculation going on. I'm not immune to it, though I won't divulge my speculation publicly just now. However, speculation is just something people do to pass the time until we have actual facts, which are severely lacking at the moment.
What matters right now is to do whatever we can to help those who have been hurt by this tragedy, either by losing someone they care about, physically wounded in the assault, or legitimately traumatized by what they've been through. There are victims here, and they need our love and support far more than our wild theories about what has taken place in Las Vegas.
My heart and prayers go out to all the victims and their families, as do my wife's and children's. I know I'm not alone in this, and while this is something that should unify us in solidarity if only for a few moments, it's a shame that it won't.
India has been sending submissions to Oscar's foreign language category since 1957, but has scored only three nominations for “Mother India,” “Salaam Bombay” and “Lagaan” with none resulting in a win. This year's submission, debutant Chaitanya Tamhane's “Court,” an indictment of India's labyrinthine legal system, could be the country's best chance yet.
“Court,” in the Marathi, Gujarati, English and Hindi languages, goes to the Academy having won a raft of awards around the world beginning with its bow in Venice in 2014 where it won the Luigi De Laurentiis Award and the Venice Horizons Award.
The first hurdle, that of the film having a U.S. distributor, was cleared when Zeitgeist Films picked up the film. The second, the cost of the campaign process, is what “Court” producer, and one of the film's leads, Vivek Gomber is working on now. “I have heard various numbers, from $30,000 to millions of dollars. From what I have gathered $50,000 would be the bare minimum; other than that I believe you can put in as much money as you want to promote the film there. It's a bottomless pit. As things stand, we have started the groundwork for the campaign, and the funding will be coming from me,” says Gomber.
Help could be forthcoming in the shape of a proposed fund by India's Information and Broadcasting ministry designed to help Indian films abroad, a plan that reportedly has the blessing of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Gomber says, “My immediate reaction was that this is great, I am glad they are thinking about this, because a lot of the other countries in the world back their chosen film during this period. I am not sure about the details of the fund, in terms of value or how they wish to set it up. It is really hard to say anything else about this since no one has approached us and I have found out about it via the media.”
The road to the Oscars has not always been smooth in India thanks to the selection process. Controversy erupted in 2013 when frontrunner “The Lunchbox,” with Sony Pictures Classics handling U.S. distribution, was overlooked in favor of the little-seen “The Good Road.” This year, filmmaker Amol Palekar was appointed head of the Film Federation of India Oscar committee and controversy arose again when member Rahul Rawail quit, citing Palekar's “obnoxious behavior” on Twitter. Palekar dismissed Rawail's comments as “unfortunate.”
Amongst the producers of “The Lunchbox” are Anurag Kashyap, in Busan on the New Currents jury, and Guneet Monga, co-producer of Busan opener “Zubaan,” who had made no secret of their displeasure with their film's omission. “This is a film that actually stands a chance of making that selection,” says Kashyap about “Court.” “Instead of everybody doing a post-mortem on what went wrong in the jury, people should just get together and support the film, because after a long time we have good representation from India.”
Monga adds, “They should work closely with their U.S. distributor to get as many Academy members to see the movie so that they can vote for it to get nominated.”
That is precisely what Gomber is planning with Zeitgeist. “The plan is to get a publicist on board and raise awareness of the film in L.A., via screenings and ads. I am also considering taking Chaitanya across to L.A.; we have been representing the film in various international film festivals, I think it makes a difference for the audience to meet the makers of the film,” says Gomber.
With syphilis spreading in Canada at rates unseen in decades, doctors are struggling to cope with a shortage of the main drug used to treat the potentially deadly infection.
The Public Health Agency of Canada took the rare step recently of posting guidelines on how to ration Bicillin, and what alternative medications might be appropriate in some cases.
It's the latest in a string of pharmaceutical supply crises to bedevil the health-care system in recent years, as government and industry hunt for solutions.
A
It is very, very concerning to us to have supply of this drug run out, because we are in a period of resurgence of syphilis in many parts of Canada
national database lists more than 800 drugs in shortage, the date they might return to normal supply often unknown.
More worrisome is that every year sees a few “tier-three” shortages, where the lack of a drug actually affects people's health, said Dr. Supriya Sharma, a Health Canada senior medical advisor.
The Bicillin case – caused by manufacturing problems at Canada's sole supplier, a Pfizer plant in the United States – is one of those.
“It is very, very concerning to us to have supply of this drug run out, because we are in a period of resurgence of syphilis in many parts of Canada,” said Dr. Ameeta Singh, an Edmonton infectious-disease specialist and national syphilis expert.
“It's actually a really big deal,” agreed Dr. Lynora Saxinger, another infectious-disease specialist at the University of Alberta. “Right now, we're really concentrating on conserving our supplies.”
Syphilis, a major killer in the 1800s, declined steadily after the Second World War period and had almost disappeared in Canada by the 1990s. But incidence began to climb again around 2001, with the per-capita rate doubling in 10 years and the number of cases now reaching more than a 3,000 a year.
Most of the transmission has been among men having sex with men, the blame going to unsafe sex and, recently, the popularity of social-media sites that bring together partners who know little about each other's sexual history.
But women are also getting sick, and there have been several cases recently of congenital syphilis, where mothers transmit the bacteria to newborns.
Bicillin is a form of penicillin injected into the muscle and, with its long-lasting effect, usually requires only one shot to cure the patient.
The alternative is doxycycline, an oral antibiotic taken twice daily for about two weeks.
Now our hands are tied a bit more
The pills are not given to pregnant women because of the risk of birth defects, and patients stay contagious longer, meaning they have to avoid sex for three weeks after the course is finished. Doctors worry patients will fail to comply with the doxycycline treatment, making it more likely they will spread the bug further.
Pregnant women unable to receive Bicillin must get intravenous penicillin, administered in a hospital every four to 10 hours.
“The problematic element for me is that at a time when syphilis rates are increasing, having a more complicated treatment regime could make it harder to control,” said Dr. Vanessa Allen of Public Health Ontario. “Now our hands are tied a bit more.”
Vincent Lamoureux, a Pfizer spokesman, refused to say what caused the production problem but said the company hopes to have it resolved by July. In the meantime, Health Canada is working with Pfizer to import surplus doses from Australia, which, ironically, were made at the same U.S. factory.
The situation arose barely two months after the last tier-three shortage, involving the epilepsy drug Epival.
The shortage problem, which first came to the fore in 2010, mostly involves older, low-cost medicines, often made by just a few generic producers. Echoing the view of many experts, Sharma said reasons for the continuing hassles are complex.
They include: provinces and health authorities contracting with only one or two suppliers; a shrinking number of companies worldwide making the active ingredients; a growing reliance on countries like India and China for pharmaceutical supply; and the impact of falling generic prices.
A “multi-stakeholder” steering group organized by federal, provincial and territorial governments is trying to hammer together solutions, said Sharma.
Lamoureux said fixing the problem is certainly not just a task for industry. Governments need to do more contingency planning, and design their drug-pricing, reimbursement and purchasing systems to lessen the risk of supply glitches, said the Pfizer official.
National Post
• Email: tblackwell@nationalpost.com | Twitter: TomblackwellNP
Is mold growth slowly damaging your home furniture? Maybe your small and visible mold problem is worse than you thought it would be? If you are looking for a mold remediation service that is reliable and dependable then look no more. 911 Mold San Jose is here for your mold remediation needs.
Along with our specialist and experience in mold remediation service, we make sure that every service we provide are of great quality and worth the dollar spent. We are a licensed service provider and had been rated “A” by the (BBB) Better Business Bureau.
Mold Remediation Anytime
Molds can be discovered anytime of the day and letting it grow and left alone is not a good idea. They can grow fast and almost anywhere where it is damp and hidden such as sink areas, hidden furniture spots and others. 911 Mold San Jose is open for your servicing needs anytime of the day and any day of the week.
If you are one of those homes where flood and water problems happened previously then expect that molds have been growing somewhere hidden. Proper assessment of the problem is a concern for household owners as molds hidden in unsuspected areas may not be included in the remediation. Identifying those infected areas are vital in the treatment and removal strategy. In 911 Mold San Jose, our mold inspectors are experienced and will give you the detailed status of your mold problem.
Water and Fire Damage Restoration
Molds can be caused by water problems at home such as flooding and water leaks. Thus, removal of water and moist is very important to prevent further growth of molds. Along with mold remediation service, 911 Mold San Jose also offers water damage restoration using the appropriate equipments and effective methods to remove moist and mildew while repairing the root cause of water problems.
Aside from water, fire damaged properties can also become a breeding ground for molds thus 911 Mold San Jose also provides fire damage restoration. We make sure that no fire mark or ashes are left to prevent molds. Our water/ fire restoration services also include deodorizing affected areas and cleaning.
In 911 Mold San Jose, we have the right service for your mold problem. Call us at (408) 351-3963 and our consultants will be glad to help you.
ST. LOUIS — An attempted home invasion turned into a shooting investigation after a man shot two men, killing one and leaving the other in critical condition, as they held his daughter at gunpoint and tried to get inside the family's home.
KTVI reports the shootings happened around 11 p.m. Monday.
A 17-year-old girl was outside getting something from her car when she was confronted by two armed men who held a gun to her head and told her to return to her home.
The girl's father saw the suspects walking his daughter toward the home and went to get his gun. He fired several shots at the suspects, hitting both of them.
The girl's mother also grabbed a gun and fired a round but did not hit either suspect.
The first suspect was pronounced dead at the scene.
The second suspect ran away, got into the first suspect's car and contacted his brother to take him to the hospital. He is in critical condition with gunshot wounds to the chest and both thighs. Police say he will face charges.
No one in the home was injured.
Photo credit: Dilip Vishwanat
When it comes to Alex Semin, there are fans on both sides of the fence. Some people think the $6.7 million one year deal is a fair one, while others, like me, think it is a tad too much. Part of it boils down to whether you think Sasha Minor is able to give consistent performance night in and night out. In other words, should players be rewarded even if they can't produce consistently?
All hockey players, particularly goal scorers, hit slumps. A skater that shoots 14.5% for the season will have some nights when a third of his shots light the lamp and others that are goose eggs– it's all in the game of hockey. In fact, it's possible that the skater is not actually streaky by nature, but due to some bad bounces he appears streaky.
This chart is a random simulation of a hypothetical 35-goal scorer, who averages 3 shots a game and shoots 14.5% night in and night out– Mr. Super Consistency– using a 10-game moving average to smooth out the curves. Look at how streaky he appears, yet his shooting percentage (14.5%) and shots per game (3) never deviated on any given night.
Let's look at it another way. This same hypothetical 35-goal scorer has a probability of going 0-for-3 on any given night equal to more than 60%, while his chances at a hat trick are less than 1%.
Goals Probability 0 61.4% 1 31.8% 2 5.4% 3 0.3%
We really shouldn't be surprised or disheartened when our favorite player fails to light the lamp because it is going to happen almost 2 out of every 3 games they play.
Now let's look at Semin's actual 10-game moving average for goals scored over the last 2.5 years along with another simulation of Mr. Super Consistency, this time using Semin's actual shots per game over that time span.
Not much difference. In fact, it could be argued that Semin's trend (in red) looks more consistent than Mr. Super Consistency!
Consistency during the regular season is fool's gold, especially when 70% of scoring is due to luck. This is why future performance, not perceived consistency, should be the basis of any contract valuation.
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
A rendering of the William Thomas Residence proposed for the L-shaped lot surrounding the Lister Block in downtown Hamilton. (Urban Solutions)
The L-shaped vacant lot that surrounds the Lister Block is set to be the first of a handful of locations along James Street slated for high rise developments to see construction actually begin.
The city's planning committee on Tuesday approved a zoning change that allows owners Liuna and developers The Hi-Rise Group to move forward with a 21-storey, mixed-use building that could house 146 apartments geared to students.
They also plan to build ground-floor retail space in the $45 million project. Council approval of the zone change next week is the next approval required.
The 21-storey building will be a significant change for the James North skyline, currently made of up three to six-storey buildings.
It's also one of several high-rise buildings proposed for the corridor: Also proposed on James North are the 22-storey Tivoli Condos and the 30-storey Connolly Tower on James South.
Look like two buildings
In the plan up for zoning approval Tuesday, the developers propose a project that will be designed to appear like two separate buildings.
The James Street side of the lot was formerly home to the William Thomas Building, built in the 1850s, which was in disrepair when it was demolished in 2010.
City planning documents include a photograph from Historical Hamilton showing the condition of 46-52 James Street North before the William Thomas building was demolished in 2010. (City of Hamilton via Historical Hamilton)
The four-storey stone façade has been sitting in storage in a warehouse, and will be restored and rehabbed in the new plan.
Details about the project as it's proposed include:
Four-storey building on James Street North (with the former façade reconstructed).
"Slab"-style tower on top of that podium, constructed to 21 storeys.
Entrance on Rebecca Street set 15 metres back from the street with a landscaped plaza.
146 units (one-, two- and four-bedroom furnished suites with kitchenettes and bathrooms) that could accommodate up to 388 students.
Parking for 29 vehicles, with the possibility of off-site parking furnished by the city or by the developer pitching in "cash in lieu" of the parking spaces required.
Sergio Manchia, a consultant at Urban Solutions working on behalf of the developers, said the development will have a "positive effect" on businesses in the core.
"It will mean an increasing number of people living in the downtown core," Manchia said.
Here's a word Broncos fans haven't heard much this year: health.
But as the team prepares for Monday night's game at San Diego, it is doing so with the healthiest roster it has had since, well, maybe ever.
Outside linebacker Robert Ayers is on track to practice again today, a day after returning to the field for the first time since breaking a bone in his foot Oct. 10. The only Bronco who won't practice this week and likely will be ruled out for Monday's game is cornerback Andre' Goodman, who continues to be sidelined with a quadriceps injury.
The Broncos, at 3-6, are two games behind division-leading Oakland in the AFC West race. The Chargers are 4-5.
“The record sort of speaks for itself, I don't think anybody is really thrilled with where we're at in that regard,” coach Josh McDaniels said. “But I think the attitude is: We have an opportunity to play our best football coming up.”
Having a healthy squad certainly plays a part in that. The Broncos have, in recent seasons, struggled in November and December (they were 2-8 in those months last season), while the Chargers have thrived.
“Really what matters is if we're where we want to be at at the end of the year,” McDaniels said. “That goal is still attainable.”
Lindsay H. Jones: 303-954-1262 or ljones@denverpost.com
AHN NYOUNG! It's episode 5 of Goblin and let me tell you, it's pretty light now that the core narrative and backstories have been established. Some notable moments today include the Grim Reaper & Sunny's first date(?) (which is just him drinking 3 cups of juice while staring oh-so-awkwardly at the floor), and EunTak and Kim Shin's first cringe-worthy cute moment where he self-declares himself as her boyfriend *cue the overthrowing of laundry basket*
Keep reading if you wanna know about 1) Andy Lau & Goblin and 2) Grim Reaper's fear of.. ‘death'!?
ANDY LAU = YOO DEOK HWA
Man, why did Uncle have to be so obsessed with Lau Tak Hwa back then?
Yes, our Deokhwa. Yes, that Andy Lau.
DID YOU KNOW?! ‘Yoo DeokHwa' is the Korean name of the famous Hong Kong Actor, Andy Lau (劉德華)!!
According to our Goblin DeokHwa, his Uncle Kim Shin was a hardcore fan of Andy Lau, hence, he named him after his favourite Hong Kong actor! Crazy huh? Who knew Andy Lau would be indirectly part of Dokkaebi! Things fans do.. #FanboyKimShin #AndyLauLove
KILLER TOWEL JOB
각이 죽이더라 / You did a killer job!
The Korean meaning of 죽인다 can mean ‘to kill' OR to describe something as ‘fantastic/great/amazing' or even ‘sexy/hot' depending on the context. I guess the notion of kill/death goes as far as something is so awesome it's “to die for”.
I kinda don't understand why the Grim Reaper would be uncomfortable with the concept of death, but maybe that's the whole humour of it? Speaking of death..
..Okay I know this has nothing to do with our insider scoop but I think this side story of the student who died and didn't want her mom to know she wasn't taking care of herself was SO HEARTBREAKING IT WAS MY FAV(TAT) Family stuff always gets meㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ I know they're only side stories, but they really enrich the whole theme of life and death in such a heartwarming way like aaahHHHhHHhHhHH
CONCLUSION
Yes, you CAN use this term ‘죽이네' when describing something is out-of-this-life amazing (unlike the previous ones I told you not to use), but keep in mind the term is a bit aggressive.
Oh man, I wonder if Andy Lau watched Goblin. I think he'd be pretty proud that the character that bears his name is kinda awesome, no? lol
EP 5 SCREENSHOTS
Follow me on Tumblr and Instagram @thatkoreanunni for more hidden meaning in Goblin and tremendous eye-candy! :D And a big thank you to the supporters on Reddit who are encouraging me to continue <3
CLOSE Indianapolis Colts head coach Chuck Pagano says Andrew Luck is rehabbing every single day and doing everything but taking snaps. Sarah Stier/IndyStar
Colts tight end Jack Doyle (84) spikes the ball after his game-winner against the Titans in Nashville last October. (Photo: Jim Brown-USA TODAY Sports)
INDIANAPOLIS – Word is, Jack Doyle splurged. New house, fancy cars, lavish trips, bottle service in Las Vegas, the whole nine yards. That's usually what happens when you sign a $19 million contract, right? You live it up. You let loose.
And who could blame him? After all those years of toiling at the bottom of the depth chart, of swallowing his pride and paying his dues, of climbing the ranks and waiting his turn, he'd finally hit it big. He'd become Tight End No. 1. The Indianapolis Colts had rewarded him appropriately. Three years. A base of $19 million. A chance to celebrate, to savor his success.
... OK, OK, truth be told, Jack Doyle did none of that.
More great Colts coverage:
Here's a first look at promising rookie Quincy Wilson
Johnathan Hankins grew from a pee wee running back to a huge defensive force
The Colts need Anthony Castonzo to be more consistent
No new house. No new car. No lavish trips. No bottle service in Vegas. Jack Doyle actually hasn't done anything with his new money.
“I don't really have any hobbies, in the sense of cars or things like that,” he said this week. “I'm sure I'll spend some money sometime.”
So, instead, he went back to work like nothing's changed.
That's Doyle – the antithesis of this era's me-first NFL superstar, unmoved by the fattest stack of cash he's ever received. He's impossibly low-key, an everyman who reddens in the face when asked to talk about himself. It's not his style. It never will be. Consider: After the game of his life last fall, he revealed in a raucous postgame locker room that his celebration that evening would consist of heading home to give his infant son a bath and a bottle.
New cars, new house, lavish trips after the massive payday? No way.
“He's probably still driving a Pinto,” joked Colts coach Chuck Pagano.
Doyle isn't driving a Pinto, but he is embodying the same throwback vibe he always has. That is: Work hard, keep your head down, and good things will happen. It's how a kid who caught 21 passes as a high school senior at nearby Cathedral, then went undrafted, then was cut by his first NFL squad, ended up here.
That would be starring – not just playing – for his hometown Colts.
“It's been a fun journey,” Doyle said this week. “And I'm excited to see where it'll go.”
No one will ever confuse him for a quote machine. He's relentlessly polite yet exceptionally vanilla. Consider the eye-popping statements that came from him after Wednesday's workout at the team facility.
Of the offense: “I'm trying to learn as much of it as I can to give us the best chance to be successful.”
Of how his role changes: “I haven't really sat down and thought about it.”
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Of new General Manager Chris Ballard praising him as everything the Colts want in a player: “Thankful. Thankful that he wanted me back. Thankful to be here.”
Two years ago he was third on the depth chart behind Coby Fleener and Dwayne Allen. Last season he was the No. 2, behind Allen. Come 2017 he'll be The Guy for the first time in his career. Not bad for a longtime special teams grunt.
Colts tight end Jack Doyle (84) hauls in the game-winner agains the Titans last season. (Photo: Jim Brown-USA TODAY Sports)
The central question heading into 2017 is whether Doyle is ready to further cement himself as a focal point of the offense. Everything intensifies as the starter. He'll carry a heavier load in the trenches – the Colts liked Doyle's improvement in pass protection last fall; it's one of the main reasons the team felt him worthy of the extension, and why they were willing to ship Allen to New England.
Doyle will also earn more of the defense's attention downfield, something he seemed to have no issue with in 2016.
Rewind a year ago, and the question was whether or not Doyle could handle the No. 2 spot. Handle it? He caught more passes (59) than any Colts tight end in six seasons. He owned the NFL's highest catch percentage among tight ends. And, by every statistical measure, he did more in his fourth season than in his first three years combined. Bigger role, bigger expectations, no problem.
Hello, three-year, $19 million contract.
And make no mistake: Doyle earned this.
“He's a reliable, reliable guy, and the quarterback has a ton of faith and trust in that guy,” Pagano said of Doyle.
Indeed. No. 84 is where No. 12 looks, often late, often with the game on the line. Doyle snared game-winning catches in the red zone in Tennessee and against Jacksonville last season, and would've won a third game all the way back in Week 1 if the Colts' pitiful defense hadn't yielded a game-winning drive in the final 37 seconds.
He's the leader in the tight end room now, ahead of the rising Erik Swoope, newcomer Brandon Williams and hoops-to-football convert Mo Alie-Cox. It's a role he's comfortable with. Doyle leads not with his words but with a quiet consistency.
“In college, I was a three-time captain, that type of thing,” he said. “I've had to lead before. I didn't feel like it was necessarily my role (to lead) early in my career, but definitely now. I'm trying to do more to improve in that area and help the team.”
Help the team – that's all Doyle has done since arriving in 2013. He was a nobody then, a long shot, the hometown kid who might last a season, tops.
He's gone from special-teams grunt and third-string tight end to The Guy.
Think a $19 million contract was going to change Jack Doyle? Come on.
Call IndyStar reporter Zak Keefer at (317) 444-6134. Follow him on Twitter: @zkeefer.
The Pittsburgh Steelers wrapped up their first week of 2017 OTA practices on Thursday and while we haven't learned a lot as it relates to which players were lined up where and with what unit, a few details related to those kinds of topics have surfaced nonetheless.
While we knew ahead of Thursday's practice that veteran cornerback William Gay has non-surprisingly been working as the first-team slot defender at the start of this year's OTA's and that third-year cornerback Senquez Golson has admittedly been cycling in after him, rookie cornerback Cameron Sutton let the media know where he's been seeing the bulk of his practice time after the team's final practice of the week.
According to Chris Mueller of The Beaver County Times, Sutton, the Steelers first of two third-round draft picks this year, said Thursday he's primarily been working at the outside cornerback position during OTAs, as opposed to the nickel spot. This news probably isn't too surprising being as Sutton played mostly on the outside during his four years at Tennessee.
Cam Sutton said he is primarily working at the outside cornerback position during OTAs, as opposed to nickel. #Steelers — Chris Mueller (@bychrismueller) May 25, 2017
Ever since Sutton was drafted, the main speculation has been that he could eventually become the Steelers starting slot defender at some point down the road and while that might ultimately wind up being the case, we can probably can expect him to continue to work mostly on the outside as the OTA practices continue on next week.
The Steelers probably want to get a good look at Golson in the slot between now and the start of training camp being as they still have a lot of questions about him as he's yet to play in a single game due to shoulder and foot injuries that he suffered during his first two seasons in the league.
In addition to adding Sutton to the cornerback room via the draft this year, the Steelers also selected former Utah cornerback Brian Allen in the fifth-round. Ahead of the draft they also signed cornerback Coty Sensabaugh via free agency and he has experience playing both inside and outside.
In the grand scheme of things, it's too early to draw any hard conclusions based on where players line up at during OTA practices. It is, however, fun to monitor these little depth chart tidbits just the same and see how much things change, if any, when training camp gets underway in Latrobe in late July.
The first same-sex marriage at an Anglican church in the UK is expected to take place in Glasgow later this summer.
St Mary's Cathedral has become the first in the country to be given permission to conduct gay weddings, a month after the Scottish Episcopal church general synod voted overwhelmingly to allow its churches to host the ceremonies.
The vote resulted in canon law being changed to remove a doctrinal clause stating that marriage was between a man and a woman. On Thursday the Rev Kelvin Holdsworth, provost of St Mary's, became the first Anglican celebrant to be registered to perform same-sex weddings.
Holdsworth said the cathedral had already had one booking from a same-sex couple in England who could not get married in their local Church of England parish. “We are glad to be able to welcome them and expect there will be many others who will follow them,” he said.
The congregation at St Mary's were active in the campaign to allow gay marriage in Scotland. “I'm a gay man myself and so initially for me it was about coming out and then, having come out, it was about helping the church to come out,” said Holdsworth.
“The church was always a place that was good for me when I came out. It was a very supportive place and it seemed to me important to get the church to tell the truth that it was accepting about people in same-sex relationships and then gradually members in this congregation started to help in the push for gay marriage.”
Holdsworth said the cathedral was one of the most beautiful church buildings in the country and that the surrounding area was “buzzing”. “It's a fantastic place to get married,” he said.
Following the vote in June, the bishop Andy Lines from Gafcon, which represents conservative Anglicans worldwide, told a press conference that the church was “not at liberty to tamper with [God's] words” and that he would offer support to those “who wish to maintain the authority of the Bible”.
Despite opposition within the Anglican church to the Scottish decision, Holdsworth said he had encountered no opposition to the move from the local community. “People sometimes say that support for gay marriage is the biggest change in social attitudes that has ever been measured,” he said.
“People used to disagree with gay relationships quite strongly and now they support them very strongly. All the time as we've been pushing for more and more equality, we've been seeing people becoming more accepting.”
He said the move to allow same-sex couples to marry in Scottish Anglican churches was not just important to gay people. “I think there are lots of straight people who want to get married in churches that are practising equality,” he said. “I find that the more that I go on about equality for gay folk, the more I get young families coming here because they want their kids to grow up in that kind of church.”
Bottas's left front wheel tagged Kimi Raikkonen's right rear as they fought for position at Turn 5 at the Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez.
And although Raikkonen was forced out on the spot, with his rear suspension breaking, Bottas was not only able to continue, but pushed on to claim third spot.
Williams performance chief Smedley was adamant that Bottas was not to blame for the Raikkonen clash, as he was already over the kerb when his Ferrari rival turned in.
"Valtteri had done absolutely nothing wrong," he said. "He could not have got his car any more on the inside kerb going into Turn 5.
"We said before that was a really difficult corner to defend. The most intuitive thing to do is defend the inside line, which is what Kimi did.
"But we said as long as you are there, you have the inside line for following three corners.
"Kimi went for it. Valtteri gave him enough room around the outside of that left hander and from in-car, there was absolutely nowhere else for him to go.
"He was already two wheels off the track. Kimi knew he was there, as he had defended the corner already."
With Raikkonen retiring from the collision, Smedley added Bottas was "lucky" to avoid terminal damage himself.
"There was no damage whatsoever," said the Brit. "We were lucky, as that could've resulted in us going out the race."
Neuropathic pain is associated with impaired inhibitory control of spinal dorsal horn neurons, which are involved in processing pain signals. The metabotropic GABA B receptor is an important component of the inhibitory system and is highly expressed in primary nociceptors and intrinsic dorsal horn neurons to control their excitability. Activation of GABA B receptors with the orthosteric agonist baclofen effectively reliefs neuropathic pain but is associated with severe side effects that prevent its widespread application. The recently developed positive allosteric GABA B receptor modulators lack most of these side effects and are therefore promising drugs for the treatment of pain. Here we tested the high affinity positive allosteric modulator rac-BHFF for its ability to relief neuropathic pain induced by chronic constriction of the sciatic nerve in mice. rac-BHFF significantly increased the paw withdrawal threshold to mechanical stimulation in healthy mice, indicating an endogenous GABA B ergic tone regulating the sensitivity to mechanical stimuli. Surprisingly, rac-BHFF displayed no analgesic activity in neuropathic mice although GABA B receptor expression was not affected in the dorsal horn as shown by quantitative receptor autoradiography. However, activation of spinal GABA B receptors by intrathecal injection of baclofen reduced hyperalgesia and its analgesic effect was considerably potentiated by co-application of rac-BHFF. These results indicate that under conditions of neuropathic pain the GABAergic tone is too low to provide a basis for allosteric modulation of GABA B receptors. However, allosteric modulators would be well suited as an add-on to reduce the dose of baclofen required to achieve analgesia.
Digital watchdog the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) published several thousand pages of new drone license records on Wednesday confirming innumerable theorists' fears: that drones "regularly fly" in "national airspace all around the country."
The records, which were obtained by way of Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit against the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), come from state and local law enforcement agencies, universities and—for the first time—three branches of the U.S. military: the Air Force, Marine Corps, and DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency), the group writes on their Deeplinks blog.
According to the records, the Air Force has been testing out a variety of drones, from the smaller, hand-launched Raven, Puma and Wasp drones to the larger Predator and Reaper models largely responsible for countless civilian and foreign military deaths.
Breaking down the shocking capabilities of the various machines, Deeplinks writes that the technologies "takes surveillance to a whole new level." They continue:
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
According to a recent Gizmodo article, the Puma AE (“All Environment”) drone can land anywhere, “either in tight city streets or onto a water surface if the mission dictates, even after a near-vertical ‘deep stall' final approach.” Another drone, Insitu's ScanEagle, which the Air Force has flown near Virginia Beach, sports an “inertial-stabilized camera turret, [that] allows for the tracking of a target of interest for extended periods of time, even when the target is moving and the aircraft nose is seldom pointed at the target.” Boeing's A160 Hummingbird, which the Air Force has flown near Victorville, California, is capable of staying in the air for 16-24 hours at a time and carries a gigapixel camera and a “Forester foliage-penetration radar” system designed by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). Perhaps the scariest is the technology carried by a Reaper drone the Air Force is flying near Lincoln, Nevada and in areas of California and Utah. This drone uses "Gorgon Stare" technology, which Wikipedia defines as “a spherical array of nine cameras attached to an aerial drone capable of capturing motion imagery of an entire city.” This imagery “can then be analyzed by humans or an artificial intelligence, such as the Mind's Eye project” being developed by DARPA.
Also Wednesday, the watchdog group published a new map that tracks the location of drone flights across the United States.
E-Sports have become a major force in the gaming world, with many people gathering together to watch people play games such as Overwatch, League of Legends, or even Super Smash Bros! With the highly competitive nature of Sim Racing, it seems like our hobby is perfect for entering the E-Sports World! Well… that hasn't exactly been the case from what we've seen so far. With more racing titles vying for a bite of that “E-Sports” Pie, the question is, why isn't the Sim Racing E-Sport established yet?
Lack of Polish Hurt Early Attempts at E-Sports
The most notable attempts in Racing E-Sports didn't exactly go as planned. While iRacing does tend to have a solid system going with multiple series, even ones outsourced to third party “Broadcasting Teams”, there are still notable issues, such as this year's race at Daytona which went south, turning the Premier virtual oval racing championship's opening round into a non-points-paying event.
In January this year, the Formula E Visa Vegas E-Race was slated to be the most prestigious virtual race ever, with the winner of the event winning $200,000, which is 20 times the amount that the winner of the NASCAR Peak Antifreeze Series Championship would win, after a whole year of racing. However, the race turned into chaos, with poorly made third party content making rFactor 2 look like “the worst title they could have picked for the event”. In addition, a glitch with the “Fanboost” system led to Olli Pahkala dominating the race, although in a class act he did inform the officials about the error, and was demoted to third place. This is the kind of scandal that hurts Sim Racing.
Assetto Corsa also had its own recent scandal as well, in terms of E-Sports. Eurogamer.it had advertised a championship using Assetto Corsa, featuring the Lotus 98T Formula One car. However, looking at the Eurogamer.it Youtube channel, you can only find the trailer for the series, as well as the final two rounds of the championship; Round 6 and Round 7. Not a great representation of a multi-race championship, especially considering they were planning highlight reels, and being able to watch the race after it aired. I watched the first race in the championship and, to be blunt, it was a mess. After that race, I felt no incentive to tune into future races in the championship, and I'm a guy that's passionate about Sim Racing. How would the average racing fan feel about a championship where this was our first exposure to the series?
Lack of Promotion Doesn't Help Either
One of the things that different E-Sports series does well is the promotional side. If you google “E-Sports” you'll see all sorts of different sites showcasing a variety of E-Sports. Did you know that ESPN has a written article about SUPER SMASH BROS?!
However, if you look up “Sim Racing E-Sports”, you'll find iRacing's homepage, a couple niche articles, and not much beyond that. The coverage for Sim Racing as an E-Sport isn't there.
Let's take the NASCAR Peak Antifreeze Series as an example again. iRacing and NASCAR have promoted the NPAS as an officially sanctioned NASCAR series, with the champion going up to the stage at Homestead Miami, to accept a $10,000 check, and a championship ring. However, if you go to the NASCAR.com website, you're likely going to search around for any mention whatsoever of the online racing championship, save for a link on the bottom of the page. You'll also not really find anything to do with it on the NASCAR Facebook page. You'll be able to find out Ty Dillon's future baby's name though!
In an example of how to do it RIGHT, let's take a look at the FIA WTCC championship. On the header of the official WTCC website, you see a tab for E-Sports, which showcases the RaceRoom Racing Experience championship, and tells you how to join in as well. In addition, the races are officially streamed on the FIA WTCC Facebook page as well!
Is There Hope for the Future?
I know that I've been coming off with a negative tone in the article, but to avoid “Going Full Pretend Race Cars”, I want to address the question, “Is there hope for E-Sports in Sim Racing?” And the simple answer I'd say is yes!
We are seeing these titles getting more and more polished, and being tailor-made into titles that can specialize for E-Sports. Forza Motorsport 7, Gran Turismo Sport, and Project CARS 2 will be newcomers into the E-Sports world, showcasing online competition in a professional environment.
rFactor 2 is looking to incorporate a more professional online racing service, including driver rankings. Assetto Corsa doesn't have a first party professional racing system, but Sim Racing System has picked up the slack to provide an online racing environment for Kunos Simulazioni's sim.
What will ultimately make or break Sim Racing as an E-Sport comes down to two things, Polish and Promotion. Are the titles polished enough to showcase a professional racing solution, and are they being promoted to a growing audience of race fans? Hopefully this next generation of racing titles will boost Sim Racing as an E-Sport, but time will tell..
This article is cross-posted on Naked Capitalism
See the guy in the photo there, dangling an ax from his left hand? That's Greece's new “Minister of Infrastructure, Transport and Networks” Makis Voridis captured back in the 1980s, when he led a fascist student group called “Student Alternative” at the University of Athens law school. It's 1985, and Minister Voridis, dressed like some Kajagoogoo Nazi, is caught on camera patrolling the campus with his fellow fascists, hunting for suspected leftist students to bash. Voridis was booted out of law school that year, and sued by Greece's National Association of Students for taking part in violent attacks on non-fascist law students.
With all the propaganda we've been fed about Greece's new “austerity” government being staffed by non-ideological “technocrats,” it may come as a surprise that fascists are now considered “technocrats” to the mainstream media and Western banking interests. Then again, history shows that fascists have always been favored by the 1-percenters to deliver the austerity medicine.
This rather disturbing definition of what counts as “non-ideological” or “technocratic” in 2011 is something most folks are trying hard to ignore, which might explain why there's been almost nothing about how Greece's new EU-imposed austerity government includes neo-Nazis from the LAOS Party (LAOS is the acronym for Greece's fascist political party, not the Southeast Asian paradise).
Which brings me back to the new Minister of Infrastructure, Makis Voridis. Before he was an ax-wielding law student, Voridis led another fascist youth group that supported the jailed leader of Greece's 1967 military coup. Greece has been down this fascism route before, all under the guise of saving the nation and complaints about alleged parliamentary weakness. In 1967, the military overthrew democracy, imposed a fascist junta, jailed and tortured suspected leftist dissidents, and ran the country into the ground until the junta was overthrown by popular protest in 1974.
That military junta—and the United States support for it (for which Clinton apologized in 1999)—is a raw and painful memory for Greeks. Most Greeks, anyway. As far as today's Infrastructure Minister, Makis Voridis, was concerned, the only bad thing about the junta was that it was overthrown by democracy demonstrators. A fascist party was set up in the early 1980s in support of the jailed coup leader, and Voridis headed up that party's youth wing. That's when he earned the nickname “Hammer.” You can probably guess by now why Greece's Infrastructure Minister was given the nickname “Hammer”: Voridis's favorite sport was hunting down leftist youths and beating them with, yes, a hammer.
Close-up of Minister “Hammer” Voridis' homemade ax.
After the hammer, he graduated from to law school– and the ax; was expelled from law school; and worked his way up the adult world of Greek fascist politics, his ax tucked under the bed somewhere. In 1994, Voridis helped found a new far-right party, The Hellenic Front. In 2004's elections, Voridis's “Hellenic Front Party” formed a bloc with the neo-Nazi “Front Party,” headed by Greece's most notorious Holocaust denier, Konstantinos Plevris, a former fascist terrorist whose book, “Jews: The Whole Truth,” praised Adolph Hitler and called for the extermination of Jews. Plevis was charged and found guilty of “inciting racial hatred” in 2007, but his sentence was overturned on appeal in 2009.
By that time, Makis “Hammer” Voridis had traded up in the world of Greek fascism, merging his Hellenic Front Party into the far-right LAOS party, an umbrella party for all sorts of neo-Nazi and far-right political organizations. LAOS was founded by another raving anti-Semite, Giorgos Karatzeferis—nicknamed “KaratzaFührer” in Greece for alleging that the Holocaust and Auschwitz are Jewish “myths,” and saying that Jews have “no legitimacy to speak in Greece.” The Anti-Defamation League is going ballistic about it; for some reason, the media hasn't taken notice, except in Israel.
Symbol for the LAOS party (above) and symbol for the KKK (below)
Funny thing is, as far as LAOS party leader “KaratzaFührer” was concerned, while he liked Makis “Hammer” Voridis just as much as the next neo-Nazi, he was worried about what the public might think of putting “Hammer” up for elections on the LAOS party list. Here is LAOS party leader Karatzeferis explaining why to a newspaper last year (big HT to the Greek site “When The Crisis Hits The Fan” for this and much more):
Giorogos Karatzaferis: I was simply afraid that Voridis has a history which I have managed to cover after considerable effort… Christos Machairas (journalist): What exactly do you mean by “history”? Giorgos Karatzaferis: About his relation with Jean Marie Le Pen, the axes and all the rest. I am just thinking that suddenly, on the 30th of October (i.e. a bit before the local elections) some guy from New Democracy or from Tsipras' team (i.e. SYRIZA leftist party) can throw a video on the air and drag me explaining about all these things.
See, that's the problem with elections, referendums, democracy and the rest: You don't really know just how qualified and technocratic a guy like Makis “Hammer” Vordis is, which is why it's such a good thing that the banks instructed the EU to impose “Hammer” on Greece. To deliver some pain. It's for their own good.
No pain (for the 99%), no gain (for the 1%).
“KaratzaFührer” (left) and Minister “Hammer” (right)
And that is how today, thanks to the EU and the banking interests that control it, Makis “Hammer” Voridis is the new Infrastructure Minister.
Which brings me back to the history of Greece's coups, and the talk of coups today. Readers who follow our “What You Should Know” section have been reading for months now about all sorts of strange things going on in Greece's military, culminating with (now ex-) Prime Minister's Papandreou's decision to fire his entire military leadership. He fired them on November 1, the same day that he announced that he was putting the EU austerity program to a democratic referendum vote. Here is an account of the firings:
Meanwhile, in a development that has stoked fears of a potential military coup in the country, Papandreou on Tuesday also fired the entire high command of the armed forces along with some dozen other senior officers and replaced them with figures believed to be more supportive of the current political leadership. The heads of the country's general staff, army, navy and air force were all dismissed following the meeting of the Government Council for Foreign Affairs and Defence, the supreme decision-making body on national defense. The ministry maintains that the change in the military high command had long been scheduled. But such reshuffles, which take place every two to three years, do not normally result in the dismissal of the entire leadership.
That came during a month of bizarre mass weapons purchases by the Greek military, with the creditor nations—France and the US—as the weapons sellers: In early October, we learned that the US was taking a breather from pushing austerity and bashing lazy Greek public employees to extend a new line of credit to Greece's military:
According to information of the “Hellenic Defence & Technology” magazine, the U.S. authorities approved to grant 400 M1A1 Abrams tanks to the Greek Army, which will include options between simple refurbishment – worth tens of millions dollars for all the tanks- and upgrading to a higher level of operational capability, with a higher corresponding cost. The relative Letter of Offer and Acceptance (LOA) is expected soon. Also according to exclusive information of the” Hellenic Defence & Technology” magazine, a Price and Availability letter was sent to U.S. authorities regarding 20 AAV7A1 and a low cost upgrade program for them. This is the first step to cover an operational requirement for 75-100 vehicles.
A couple of weeks later, France extended fresh lines of credit to the same military for desperately-needed stealth battleships, leaving Germany feeling angry and left out, according to Der Spiegel:
A huge arms deal is threatening to put French-German relations under strain. According to information obtained by SPIEGEL, France wants to deliver two to four new frigates to the Greek navy and to allow the highly indebted nation to postpone payment of the €300 million ($412 million) purchase price per ship for the next five years. Under the deal, Greece will have the option of paying up after five years, with a significant discount of €100 million, or returning them to the French navy. The “stealth” frigates are designed to avoid detection by enemy radar and are built by state-owned French defense company DCNS. The deal is being criticized by German rivals that have been competing for the contract for years.
That last part says it all: What pissed off the Germans wasn't the profligacy, but losing out in a contract they'd been competing for. What this shows, again, are the lie of “austerity”: They pretend that Greece is too deeply in debt to borrow another penny, yet think nothing of lending a few hundred million to the military.
Looking back at the last-minute maneuvers, it seems pretty clear that Papandreou's decision to fire all the military leaders on the day he announced his referendum on austerity—his attempt to counterbalance Western banker power and local military power with democratic people power–was essentially an imperialist power-struggle in an uppity colony, whose inhabitants are seen as little more than sources of extraction for banker profits. So we have the creditor nations trying to buy off the military as Banker D(efault)-Day approaches, and Papandreou trying to counter that by both bending to their will, realizing he's through, and trying to save himself by empowering the people in his country. But Papandreou was far too weak and far too compromised. Ultimately he was no match; he never had a chance. And the popular will of Greece's citizens is barely an afterthought.
This is how bankers deal with banana republics; it's how they ran their colonies. Take care of the military, give them gifts and get them in your pocket. The people only exist to be extracted. And when they squeal, characterize them the way the Brits characterized the Irish during the Great Famine: lazy, profligate, it's all their own fault, what they need is more painful medicine and a swift kick in the ass…for their own good, of course.
And just in case it wasn't clear to everyone, Forbes magazine came out in favor of a coup. Here is how one Greek columnist reported it:
“Instead of pouring euros down the drain, it would be much wiser for Germany to sponsor a military coup and solve the problem that way.” No, this extract is not from a fascist blog. It is from Forbes magazine and it's just another one of the provocative articles that follow this insane ongoing anti-Greece campaign of international media.
In the end, the bankers and the West got their coup. And they didn't need an ugly military spectacle to make it happen. Papandreou was overthrown, the referendum was withdrawn, an austerity regime put in place to carry out the bankers' demands, without democracy getting in the way. Nice ‘n' clean.
Not only did the West get its coup, but fascists like Makis “Hammer” Voridis got what they've been struggling for all their lives: Power, and vindication for far-right nationalism over democracy.
That's where we are today. Greece drowning in debt, its democracy broken, and despite fighting the Nazis in World War Two, and taking back democracy from a fascist junta in 1974–in the end, it was the EU and the Western banks that put a guy like Makis “Hammer” Voridis, the guy who patrolled his law school with a makeshift ax, in power, administering banker-pain.
The implications of the EU and bankers forcing Greece, the birthplace of democracy, to cancel a popular plebiscite as “irresponsible,” forcing instead an austerity regime composed partly of neo-Nazis fascists to administer more “pain”–is something that should frighten the shit out of everyone. Because like it or not, we're all in the cross-hairs of the same banking interests, and we're all going to face it again and again. Greece just happens to be the first in line.
Would you like to know more? Read Mark Ames article on Austerity Nazis, “All Pain, No Gain: A Brief History Of Austerity Program Massacres & Disasters.” Also check out “Class War 101: Meet The Reptiles Who Are Making Meat Out Of You” and “How The Bums Lost The Class War of 2009.”
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal: Rage, Murder and Rebellion from Reagan's Workplaces to Clinton's Columbine.
Click the cover & buy the book!
About This Content Res Publica is the third expansion for the much lauded strategy game Europa Universalis IV, that introduces new and unique ways to rule over your populace and govern your nation.
Featuring the introduction of a new government type, this expansion also offers new idea groups to explore as well as new gameplay elements for Republics and Dictatorship. Res Publica elevates the art of governance and exploration by allowing the player to experience new ways of receiving bonuses, whilst expanding on their trade empire.
The age of exploration is brought to life in this epic game of trade, diplomacy, warfare and exploration by Paradox Development Studio, the Masters of Strategy. Europa Universalis IV gives you the ability to control a nation and if you have what it takes, you can mold it into an empire that lasts through the ages.
Main features: New government type - Republican Dictatorship: Republic tradition does not increase regularly during Dictatorship and you will be presented with opportunity to gain power by losing Republic Tradition or losing power while gaining Republic Tradition during your rule. New faction system: Consisting of Aristocrats, Traders and Guilds. Spend power to increase faction influence and reap the benefits of a specific faction's bonuses. New election events for Dutch Republics: Centered around Statists and Orangists. If Statists are in power elections are held every 4 years, a new ruler will always be be chosen out of 2 random candidates. With Orangists in power there is no election until the ruler is deceased. New Idea Groups: This new feature opens up a possibility for expanded exploration.
A video production studio owned by a Muslim man in Kerala's Kannur district was allegedly burnt down on Saturday, a few weeks after he made a ‘provocative' comment in a WhatsApp group on the use of purdah, police said.
Advertising
P Rafeeque, who owns the studio Obcura in Taliparamba in Kannur, was the admin of a WhatsApp group called ‘What is Islam', said the police. A Left sympathiser, Rafeeque had allegedly said on the group that covering faces in public should be avoided and many people use purdah as cover for immoral activities.
Rafeeque said soon after, he began to feel the heat from orthodox elements in the community. He said his comments were widely shared in the Muslim community in Kerala and the Gulf countries. “Many advocated boycotting my studio and asked community members not to give me any work. A few days ago, I received threatening calls over the internet,” said Rafeeque.
He said he does not suspect any particular organisation as every Muslim outfit has conservative believers who can carry out such attacks. “My intention was only to expose the misuse of the type of purdah covering the face,” he said.
Rafeeque said he had incurred a loss of Rs 10 lakh in the fire and has little option but to give up the studio. In his complaint to the police, he said that before setting the recently-renovated studio on fire, the assailants had damaged the equipment and furniture.
Advertising
Officers said extremist elements could be behind the incident, but they did not know yet if any organisation was involved.
PHP 7 has been tagged!
PHP 7 is getting close. No, it has not yet been released, they are still putting the finishing touches on it. These are the people that made PHP 7. Most of them – but not all of them – are not paid to work on PHP. They build PHP – the language many of us use daily – because they want to help others.
Thank You
On behalf of Zend I would like to say thank you to each and every one of you for your efforts.
While we are waiting for PHP 7 to release – or if you are reading this after the release – please take the time to look over this list, pick one two, five or ten, and tweet them a thank-you. Just tweet out their name and ” <name>, Thank you for PHP 7! #php7thankyou”.
Let's show these men and women that we appreciate their effort.
President Abdul Hamid and Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina have congratulated President-elect of the United States Donald Trump on his victory in the US presidential election.
In separate messages, the Bangladeshi leadership extended their heartiest congratulations on his victory and invited him and First Lady Melania Trump to visit Bangladesh to see the phenomenal development that is taking place in Bangladesh.
In his message, President Hamid said the US will march forward further on the path of progress and peace under the leadership of Donald Trump.
"Bangladesh firmly believes that under your able leadership, the existing friendly relations between the two countries would further strengthen in the days ahead. We would like to work closely with you in bilateral, regional and international issues of mutual interest,” he said.
The president wished good health and a successful tenure for Trump and continued peace and prosperity of the people of the United States.
Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina in a letter, hours after the victory of the new president, hoped of boosting ties with US under his leadership and invited Trump and his wife to visit Bangladesh.
“I am confident that under your leadership, the existing bilateral relation between our two friendly nations would be further strengthened,” she said in the letter.
“I look forward to working closely with you for advancing our bilateral and multilateral interests and contributing to create a safe and secured world, where our coming generations could live and continue to prosper peacefully.”
“I cordially invite you and Mrs Melania Trump to visit Bangladesh at a mutually convenient time and see for yourself the phenomenal development that took place in Bangladesh in the recent years.”
The prime minister wished Trump a good health, long life and happiness, and the warm and friendly people of the United States continued peace, progress and prosperity.
In what is sure to be one of the most baffling lawsuits of 2013, Donald Trump is suing Bill Maher for $5 million in charity donations after "proving" his biological father is not, as Maher joked on "The Tonight Show," an orange-haired orangutan.
On this week's episode of "Real Time," Maher responded to the lawsuit by dismissing the entire thing, and reminding Trump that this is a free country where celebrities are made fun of and jokes on late night talk shows are not legally binding agreements.
"This is known as 'parody,' and it's a form of something we in the comedy business call a joke," Maher said. "Just like we're the gun country, we're the joke country. We love our free speech and we love celebrities getting taken down a peg. So Don, just suck it up like everybody else!"
“The challenge in Boston was to bring a World Series championship because they hadn't had one in 85 years,” said onetime Red Sox general manager Dan Duquette in 2006, comparing his former job to his role as director of player development for the Israel Baseball League (IBL). “They haven't had baseball in Israel in over five-thousand [years],” he continued, deliberately overstating the case, though in no way diminishing the monumental challenge of launching a professional league in a country that lacked facilities, players, coaches, fans, and even bats and balls. Yet Duquette and league founder/big macher Larry Baras did manage to get the IBL off the ground in the summer of 2007, only to see the league fold after a single eight-week season that included an on-field tragedy, not to mention ongoing labor strife.
Among the players who participated in Israel's short-lived baseball experiment was left-handed pitcher-turned-teacher-turned pitcher Aaron Pribble, who recounts his experience in “Pitching in the Promised Land” (University of Nebraska Press), a book that is part baseball memoir and part voyage of self-discovery. Pribble, then 27, toiled for the Tel Aviv Lightning, earning $250 a week to face batters from the likes of the Modi'in Miracle, Netanya Tigers, Petach Tikva Pioneers and Ra'anana Express.
As Pribble illustrates in the book, the fledging six-team league made certain concessions designed to appeal to or accommodate Israelis, like playing seven inning games, settling ties via home run derby, and remaining idle on the Sabbath. But in the end, the IBL looked a lot like a low-level minor league in the U.S.—except for the local flavor, of course. Think: hummus and schnitzel-fueled players schvitzing in the summer heat, each quick to acknowledge a teammate's good play with a pat on the tuchus.
Tellingly, when Pribble's college baseball coach advised him there was going to be a professional baseball league in Israel he assumed his mentor was joking. “I didn't think twice about it until about three weeks later when I google'd ‘Israel Baseball League' and up popped the Web site,” he recalls. Being half-Jewish and having played professional ball in the Western and Central Baseball Leagues, as well as France, Pribble considered himself a good fit for the league. “I sent Duquette a baseball résumé, he offered me a contract,” and before long the San Francisco native was on a flight to Tel Aviv.
When Pribble arrived he met fellow players representing nine different countries—Israel, the United States, the Dominican Republic, Colombia, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Japan and Ukraine. The talent level was uneven, he recalls, noting that the best hurler in the league, Juan Feliciano, had played for Hiroshima in the big leagues of Japan the year before, and that almost all of the Dominicans had minor league baseball experience, including Double- and Triple-A. On the other hand, “towards the bottom of each roster there were guys who might not have made a good junior college team,” assesses Pribble.
“The formula I decipher[ed] was this,” he writes in the book. “On the one hand, if you weren't Jewish at all, like the Dominicans, you had to be very good. On the other, if you were [an] Orthodox [Jew] or, better yet, Israeli, all you needed was a heartbeat.” Pribble goes on to describe himself as “squarely in the middle of the talent pool: half-assed Jew and half-assed former pro.”
But what the league lacked in talent it made up for in notable <i>characters</i>. There was Adam Crabb, a lanky pitcher from Adelaide, Australia, who featured a one-fingered fastball. “Instead of gripping the baseball with the middle and pointer fingers on top, he dropped his middle finger off the side of the ball and moved his thumb up the other side—like he was throwing with two pincers,” explains Pribble.
Then there was Leon Feingold, who failed to reach the major leagues as a member of the Cleveland Indians organization, but did distinguish himself on the Major League Eating circuit, winning Nathan's Hot Dog Eating regionals three times, and competing in the July 4th-Coney Island competition on three occasions. Finally, there was Alan Gardner, a forty-something criminal lawyer from New York, who doubled as the players' labor representative when the players threatened to strike due to delayed salary payments.
“The main reason why the IBL failed is because of lack of money—and the lack of fans,” says Pribble, noting that a few thousand spectators would turn out for special events like Opening Day and the All-Star Game, but that not nearly enough ticket buyers came to the games on a day-in, day-out basis.
Logistics were also a season-long issue. “Bats, balls, and uniforms got held up in customs, and that almost delayed the start of the season,” notes Pribble. But getting the players paid was by far the biggest problem, and not just because banks in Israel are closed on Shabbat. Check or direct deposit? Dollars or Shekels? And what about the exchange rate? All issues of concern, especially for the Dominican players, many of whom were relying on the income to support families back in the Dominican Republic.
Money aside, the players were also frustrated by the mostly inadequate facilities. There was one proper baseball field in the entire country—Yarkon Field at Ha Yarkon Sports Complex—which had been constructed by Baptist missionaries from Texas, and was as well-maintained as most ball fields in the U.S. But the other two venues—one a converted softball field on an old kibbutz—left much to be desired.
“At Kibbutz Gezer the bases were all the way at the edge of the grass [beyond the dirt cutouts],” begins Pribble. “They had moved the fence back—which meant that outfielders had to run up a hill to get to the fence—and that placed the warning track in the middle of the outfield. And there was a light pole in the middle of right field, with a mattress duct taped around it so no one would get hurt,” he concludes.
No player was injured running into the light pole, but it was a lack of safety equipment—specifically a turtle shell cage—that led to an early-season tragedy. During batting practice prior to a game between Petach Tikva and the Modi'in Miracle, the Pioneers' Ronaldo Cruz was hit in the back of the head by a screaming line drive off the bat of Miracle leadoff hitter, Adalberto Paulino. Cruz was rendered unconscious and suffered a brain aneurysm. “He would remain in the hospital for several weeks,” recalls Pribble. “And he would never play baseball again.”
Despite the myriad challenges the league did play its full 40-game schedule (Pribble's Lightning finished 26-14), with the black socks-wearing Bet Shemesh Blue Sox capturing the first (and only) IBL crown. But if anyone held out any hope of coming back for a second season in 2008, those hopes were dashed when the players' final paychecks bounced.
Immediately after the season came to a close, Pribble returned to his teaching job in Marin County, California, despite being offered a chance to continue pitching professionally, this time in the Atlantic League, an independent baseball league on the east coast of the U.S. Four years later he says he has no regrets about going to Israel—or discontinuing his baseball career. “I went to explore my identity, as well as who I was as a baseball player. Getting to spend time in Israel was really impactful on my sense of self. If I had it to do over again I'd make the same decision.”
As for the IBL, there has been talk of re-starting the league, but to date no investors have moved forward with concrete plans. So while the prospects for the IBL seem bleak, there is hope. One can imagine the few diehard Israeli baseball fans still saying to themselves: Maybe next year … in Jerusalem.
You Might Also Like:
Will Big League Baseball Survive?
The Rise and Fall of Baseball Cards
Muslims are the true target of the latest terror attack on a Catholic church in France, according to CNN.
In the name of the Islamic State, two Muslim men stormed a Catholic mass in Normandy Monday, took two parishioners and two nuns hostage, delivered a sermon in Arabic at the altar and then slit the throat of an elderly Catholic priest before police shot them dead. One of the hostages is in critical condition.
At least one Catholic person is dead, but according to CNN it's Muslims in Europe who should be afraid.
“The goal in going after such a provocative target? To trigger a backlash against Muslims in France and drive the country's Muslims into the recruiting arms of the Islamic State,” CNN surmises.
Although France is a deeply secular country, CNN concludes the attack is especially provocative because Catholicism is “still deeply entwined in the national fabric.” By attacking churches, the logic goes, ISIS is hoping to fan the flames of a religious war that will ultimately result in persecution of Muslims, which in turn will drive them right into the arms of ISIS.
The tactic is working, according to CNN, which cites a 223 percent rise in the number of anti-Muslim threats and attacks last year reported by the French Human Rights Commission. The publication does go on to discuss at length the genocide ISIS is committing against Christians in its territory, but the clear implication is that Muslims, not Christians, are threatened in Europe.
“In urging attacks on churches, ISIS is trying to eliminate what it calls the ‘grey zone' for Muslims in the West by provoking a far-right backlash,” reports CNN. “A drumbeat of attacks in France has led to a groundswell of anti-Muslim anger, which is being stoked and exploited by far-right politicians.”
Follow Rachel on Twitter
Send tips to rachel@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
What the world perceives as good is painfully piercing into the very heart of our society and culture. One of these false goods is none other than Pornography. In this installment of our guide series, let us acknowledge the fact that our secular and popular culture have embraced a twisted and upside down perspective of human sexuality, where thanks to the anonymity provided by the internet, the acceptance of pornography and our exposure to it is likely more common than the practice of eating breakfast. Indeed, such a dependence has been created in our culture for pornography that both reason and morality are forsaken in our world's conclusion to address pornography as good.
Just like many other issues of moral confusion, it is essential to approach this issue with charity and understanding. Pornography is a big business that employs intelligent and purposeful strategies, just like any other big business, to get your attention and to acquire your patronship. Countless men and women in our world are, sadly, ignorant victims to the lure and bondage of pornography. In a world that says viewing pornography is a common or natural behavior, many people fall into its trap and have very little chance of escaping. Despite the widespread sexual confusion in our culture, we can't go so far as to say the porn viewer is not culpable for his own actions, but we must understand that it is a process for the porn viewer to arrive at a point where his actions and choices are accepted as his own. Where there is a lack of power in the face of a porn attachment, there must be found a greater power to rise above its clutches. Through charity and understanding, we must not stand on the sidelines in pity and despair, but rather, we must lovingly direct and inspire others, and perhaps ourselves, to rise above pornography to a vision of sexuality that is healthy, complete, free, and joyful. Let us pray that our hearts, minds, bodies, and sexuality may be strengthened with resolve to combat the lure of pornography with the better truth of God's plan for human sexuality and that we may stand in courage to proclaim this message!
Very recently, a few states have declared pornography as a “public health crisis,” and while I think there are great reasons for that claim to be made, many more people scoff in skepticism that a little pornography should be labelled a “crisis.” I have two points in saying this: One, that the time is right for this debate to occur and be in the public dialogue. Two, there are many, many people who are so quick to passionately defend or rationalize pornography use as harmless, normal, or even healthy. Unfortunately for the pornography proponent, the myth that pornography is anything other than unconstructive, unbeneficial, and unhealthy to society is, with a little rationality, on the verge of a colossal debunking, thanks to ongoing research in psychology and neurology. (The fact that studies cannot even find a control group of men today that have NOT been exposed to pornography attests to the absolute universality of the problem!) For more on this, check out our youtube playlist.
To be clear, pornography is not good. It is utterly evil. In fact, what good has truly ever come from pornography? At this point, I'm not going to provide an exhaustive argument against pornography, but I am going to make some statements and claims that, when considered in more depth, begin to debunk the myth that pornography is harmless.
Pornography is not just wrong because of weightless religious arguments, but because of well-grounded logical, scientific, and social reasons, as well as moral ones.
Pornography is not appropriate for anybody, regardless of age. It is strange that pornography is made with adults, by adults, and for adults, and all is well. But as soon as anyone involved is not legally an adult, pornography is suddenly inappropriate or even illegal. The paradox is that pornography makes adults more childish. And sadly, it exposes children to the darkest sides of the adult world. I really wonder: If pornography is bad for kids, what exactly is it that makes it good for adults?
Pornography does nothing to liberate and empower women. At the end of the day, pornography just perpetuates the view that women are sexual objects to give men pleasure. It does nothing to ennoble masculinity either, as it is an industry that presupposes the powerlessness of men to their sexual appetites. While it's true, pornography makes less manly men, is there any wonder why there is a man crisis in the world today, where men don't know how to be men?
The pornography industry is not safe, preys on the vulnerable, disregards the dignity of the human person, and is plagued with mental illness, woundedness, and depression. No one would argue in favor of slavery. We're beyond that as a culture and we've admitted that wrong. BUT, we as the consumer, by creating a demand for pornography, ultimately contribute to the trafficking and slavery of men, women, and children in an industry that makes big money.
Pornography is addictive. Because it is virtually unrestricted, accessible, widespread, and easy to find, the scope of pornography's reach is unfathomable. It may even be that nearly all young people today are viewing, or have viewed pornography. And many can't stop or control themselves. Pornography addiction is as real as addictions to other substances, such as drugs or alcohol, and has much the same effects. Considering its widespread usage, I'd say it most certainly is a health crisis that we'd better universally identify soon.
Pornography is showing itself to have the physiological effect of reducing gray matter in the brain, which affects areas of the brain involved with planning, prioritizing, controlling impulses, the reward center, self-control, empathy, and compassion. Pornography is changing the way we focus, act, live, and think, and not for the better to be sure.
Pornography plays a part in the perpetuation of sexual violence, rape, prostitution, sex slavery, and child pornography.
Pornography destroys relationships, destroys marriages and families, wounds spouses, and causes mistrust. Actually, it destroys committed exclusive relationships before they even have a chance to begin, because a porn addict is conditioning himself to be always moving on to the next woman, looking for a novel experience.
Pornography is linked to erectile dysfunction and other problems with arousal. With pornography so common, should it be any surprise that erectile dysfunction is a skyrocketing problem faced by droves of otherwise young and healthy men. Sadly, it seems a real woman is no match for a pornography binge.
Pornography is twisting the understanding of sex within the minds of our upcoming generations, much of which objectifies women as merely sexual beings, who only have power or worth because of the appeal of their body, but which also sets up men to act with aggression and violence towards women.
I could keep going, and I could even go more in depth into each of these points so that each might be its own post. Luckily I don't have to, because much of what I've stated against the myth of pornography is already assembled in a great new book, which I'd highly recommend. From Ignatius Press, Matt Fradd's The Porn Myth is a non-religious, fact based and incredibly researched and referenced book that exposes the reality behind pornography from every angle you could possibly approach it with. Read it once or twice, then pass it on to your pal, or get it for your men's groups, or get a few copies to circulate in your parish. I'll definitely be lending my copy out!
Being Catholic doesn't preserve us from the reaches of pornography. Every day, many Catholic men enter that battle. Many of us will fight that battle, many of us have fought that battle, and many of us will win it. For a Catholic man, the hope of becoming a Catholic Gentleman is what drives us to be better men, more Christ-like men. To counter the pull of porn is a game plan of its own, involving resolve, reconciliation, responsibility, and accountability (also laid out in The Porn Myth). Unfortunately, I don't think Catholic men stand out in the fight against pornography in a world that thinks porn is good. We're rather hush hush about the matter. But, as men, it is our duty to preserve ourselves, our spouse, our family and children, our communities, our world, and each other from the devastation wrought by pornography, and to make the world see it for what it truly is: Evil. As Catholic Gentlemen, it is our duty more than ever before to be vigilant, to cling tight to what is true, good, and beautiful, and to call evil by its name while we face it head on.
Running low on cash or just want to save some money? Seek out one of these essential cheap eats spots around the Lowcountry. From pizza to fried chicken to pho, there's a menu item under (or just at) $10 for every sort of craving. Want tacos? Find them for less in North Charleston or deep in Mount Pleasant. Need a pork chop, fried chicken, three sides, and two pieces of cornbread for under $13? Head to James Island. Want the best deal on corn dogs and PBR? There's a map spot for that too.
For all the complaints that Charleston restaurants have gotten too expensive, there are many places offering a deal. Continually check this guide when the bank account is running low.
Note: Map points are listed in geographical order and are not ranked. Did we miss your favorite spot? Show it some love in the comments or send us an email.
Note: Restaurants on this map are listed geographically.
A Monash student has made a breakthrough in the field of astrophysics, discovering what has until now been described as the Universe's ‘missing mass'. Amelia Fraser-McKelvie, working within a team at the Monash School of Physics, conducted a targeted X-ray search for the matter and within just three months found it – or at least some of it.
What makes the discovery all the more noteworthy is the fact that Ms Fraser-McKelvie is not a career researcher, or even studying at a postgraduate level. She is a 22-year-old undergraduate Aerospace Engineering/Science student who pinpointed the missing mass during a summer scholarship, working with two astrophysicists at the School of Physics, Dr Kevin Pimbblet and Dr Jasmina Lazendic-Galloway.
The School of Physics put out a call for students interested in a six-week paid astrophysics research internship during a recent vacation period, and chose Ms Fraser-McKelvie from a large number of applicants. Dr Pimbblet, lecturer in the School of Physics put the magnitude of the discovery in context by explaining that scientists had been hunting for the Universe's missing mass for decades.
“It was thought from a theoretical viewpoint that there should be about double the amount of matter in the local Universe compared to what was observed. It was predicted that the majority of this missing mass should be located in large-scale cosmic structures called filaments – a bit like thick shoelaces,” said Dr Pimbblet.
Astrophysicists also predicted that the mass would be low in density, but high in temperature – approximately one million degrees Celsius. This meant that, in theory, the matter should have been observable at X-ray wavelengths. Amelia Fraser-McKelvie's discovery has proved that prediction correct.
Ms Fraser-McKelvie said the ‘Eureka moment' came when Dr Lazendic-Galloway closely examined the data they had collected.
“Using her expert knowledge in the X-ray astronomy field, Jasmina reanalysed our results to find that we had in fact detected the filaments in our data, where previously we believed we had not.”
X-ray observations provide important information about physical properties of large-scale structures, which can help astrophysicists better understand their true nature. Until now, they had been making deductions based only on numerical models, so the discovery is a huge step forward in determining what amount of mass is actually contained within filaments.
Still a year away from undertaking her Honours year (which she will complete under the supervision of Dr Pimbblet), Ms Fraser-McKelvie is being hailed as one of Australia's most exciting young students. Her work has been published in one of the world's oldest and most prestigious scientific journals, Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
“Being a published author is very exciting for me, and something I could never have achieved without the help of both Kevin and Jasmina. Their passion and commitment for this project ensured the great result and I am very thankful to them for all the help they have given me and time they have invested,” said Ms Fraser-McKelvie.
Dr Pimbblet said that he had under his tuition a very talented student who excelled in performing the breakthrough research.
“She has managed to get a refereed publication accepted by one of the highest ranking astronomy journals in the world as a result of her endeavours. I cannot underscore enough what a terrific achievement this is. We will use this research as a science driver for future telescopes that are being planned, such as the Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder, which is being built in outback Western Australian.”
The paper can be found on the Cornell University website.
At a Senate hearing Wednesday, Sen. Lindsey Graham confronted the president of the NAACP with accusations that the civil rights group has an anti-Republican bias.
NAACP President Cornell Brooks was testifying in opposition to President-elect Donald Trump's nomination of Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general when Mr. Graham challenged his and the organization's political motives.
Earlier, Mr. Brooks said that Mr. Sessions' record “evinces a clear disregard, disrespect, and even disdain for the civil and human rights of racial and ethnic minorities, women, the disabled, and others who suffer from discrimination in this country.”
“Based on his record and his statements, the NAACP strongly believes that confirmation of Senator Sessions as attorney general would be bad for America and could exacerbate already deepening racial divisions in this country,” he told the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Mr. Graham, South Carolina Republican, later asked what was Mr. Sessions' score on the NAACP legislative score card.
“The senator has received a low grade, a failing grade, for years on end,” Mr. Brooks said.
Mr. Graham notes that every Republican on the committee received a failing grade in the teens or 20s, while nearly every Democrat on the committee received a score of 100 percent.
Sen. Christopher Coons of Delaware was the only Democrat on the committee that didn't get a 100 percent form the NAACP. He got a 96 percent.
“The report card is based on legislative record, not party,” Mr. Brooks said.
Mr. Graham said the huge disparity in NAACP scores between Republicans and Democrats was “really odd.”
“I think it speaks for itself,” said Mr. Graham. “I hope that doesn't make us all racist and all of them perfect on the issue.”
He asked Mr. Brooks to name one person on the Republican side who would make a good attorney general.
Mr. Brooks did not respond.
Mr. Sessions has been labeled a racist, sexist and homophobe by Democrats and liberal groups attempting attempting to derail his nomination.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Section 3.1 of MRL-0004 explains how an attacker can use temporal associations in order to considerably increase his chance of tracking Monero transactions.
The problem is basically that output usage is not random on their age. There's a non-random distribution. So any random selection of outputs for the mixin would not be ideal, as the attacker can use the age to guess which input is more likely to be the true one.
So, if that's the problem, why not simply always use outputs which are "time-neighbor" to the real one?
Suppose you want to spend your output K with mixin 4. We sort all outputs in the chain with the same denomination as K by their block height and position in block. Let's suppose we end up with the following list segment:
... A, B, C, D, K, W, X, Y, Z ...
These are K's "time-neighbors". Our actual mixing must be composed exclusively of outputs from that list, and it must be sorted. The only random choice would be to select which of the following equally probable list to use:
[A, B, C, D, K]
[B, C, D, K, W]
[C, D, K, W, X]
[D, K, W, X, Y]
[K, W, X, Y, Z]
This reveals a very good estimate of which is the age of the true input. This problem can be mitigated by implementing the recommendation of sending one's money to self periodically. Plus, I believe this is a more than worthy trade-off when we consider that by implementing this, we'd be fixing the temporal association problem, making the probability of any input in a mixin being the true one equal to each other. By not taking input ages into account, we reveal with a much higher probability which is the true input, which is much worse than just revealing a good age estimate.
What do you guys think?
‘Oh hey, Ryan, long time no see, man.'
Oh, for fucks sake, what now? I thought. False smile plastered over my face, I turned around to look at the person who called my name. I had no idea who this person was, a fuzzy beard reaching down to his chest, shaggy brown hair and a beany tying it all together. ‘I uh, I'm sorry, I don't think we've met.' I glanced down at the shopping bag that held a bottle of JD and a six of tinnies and inwardly swore. On one side of me there was
‘It's Michael, from school, remember?' His grin faltered for a moment, but he still came forward to shake my hand.
‘Right, Michael,' I said through gritted teeth. ‘You've uh, you've uh, changed.' Who the fuck is this guy? I scanned my memory for any sense of who “Michael” was but came up blank. ‘I uh, dig the beard, dude.'
‘Yeah, I started growing it after high-school.' He rocked back and forth on his feet and looked at the traffic as it whizzed by.
Jesus, high-school was what, four years ago now? Fuck me, I feel old.
‘Big night, huh?' Michael nodded at the shopping bag, brown paper bag and six-pack showing through the translucent material.
‘No, just a Tuesday night,' I said. Michael raised an eyebrow and I cringed inwardly. Right, not socially acceptable to do.
‘Fair enough, fair enough,' said Michael. He chewed the inside of his cheek for a moment and thought for a while. ‘Got anything on tonight? Anything at all?'
‘Just home, dude.' Please don't ask me if I live local.
‘Do you uh, live around here, now?'
…shit. ‘Uh yeah, just Tanti way.' I could see the judgement in his eyes. “Not exactly the most prestigious neighbourhood”, I could imagine the words flowing out his mouth, judging me for the fact that I…
‘Oh cool, I still live with the parents, actually. Still studying.'
‘Huh,' I said. We stood for a while, mostly silent, though still made small talk. Still couldn't remember who Michael was, past that he knew me, apparently.
‘Michael sucked his cheeks in and stuck his hands into the pockets of his denim jacket. ‘Good to see you again, Ryan, but I gotta run to the bus.' He laughed, then shook his head. ‘Still don't have my license, funny how these things happen, huh? Stay safe, yeah?'
‘Yeah, stay safe…' we shook hands again, and he began walking down the hill, then across the road to the bus stop. It was only when he sat down that I began to walk again, as if to make sure that he wouldn't follow me across the road, down the footpath and intercept me by my front door in order to start another half-hour pseudo-conversation with me. ‘Could have been worse,' I muttered while I crossed the side-street. I fished out a tinny, cracked it open and downed it in one go, then squashed the can and threw it into a nearby wheelie bin. I looked at the sky, and screwed my eyes shut. ‘Fuck I hate small-talk though.'
Darren still hadn't put his barbecue gear away away when I got back and the eski was wide open. He'd swear at me every time I brought it up as well, but Christ, it smelt awful. He took it with him to parties, and when it wasn't shut it gave off the greasy smell of uncooked sausages and meat, their fat fermenting in the sun. At least when it was full of ice and tinnies, it didn't smell, but now it was just full of dirty water and floating beer cans. His car wasn't here though, so I slammed the lid down, and kicked his tool box.
‘Fuckin' idiot tradey,' I muttered under my breath. Don't get me wrong, he's alright most of the time, but the eski was a sore spot. I fumbled with my keys in one hand and swung the door open, then ducked inside. ‘Darren, you in?'
Silence.
‘Mint.' Right next to the front door, was a door to the right. Past that, was the kitchen. Five cans slotted nicely into the fridge, the brown paper bag slapped onto the kitchen bench and the bourbon came out. I paused for a moment, and frowned at the bottle. There was something missing, something I'd forgotten… ‘fuck me.' I kicked the bench and knocked my knuckles against my forehead, ‘I forgot the bloody coke.' I leaned down and took a peek under the blinds of the kitchen. It was right by the front door, but at the same time, I was already home. I sighed, instead went over to the cupboard and pulled out a glass, and pulled out the ice tray.
The ice tray was empty.
‘Well shit,' I said. The cap cracked as it came off, and the sweet scent of bourbon filled the air. The off-brown liquid splashed into the bottom of the glass and I sighed. I raised it to my lips and drank a mouthful and fought back the urge to retch. God only knows how much I hated straight bourbon, at least the cheaper stuff. Never could afford the better stuff, so I guess I can't really comment. But still, better than the nail-polish that passes for cheap vodka. My mobile vibrated on linoleum bench and I picked it up.
‘Ryan?' Came the voice from the other end.
‘What's up Chas?'
‘Wanna hang out?'
‘Tonight? Sure thing, swing round whenever.'
‘Right babe, see you soon.' Then she hung up. And that was that. I poured another glass of JD and turned on the TV, then the PlayStation. Perhaps the best thing about this one was that all my brother couldn't “borrow” my disks anymore. He probably never had any younger brothers.
The front door swung open and shut. The footsteps weren't loud enough to be Darren, no stomping about or swearing about “this cunt”, or “that cunt”. There was the clink of bottles as the fridge door made its oh-so-familiar sounds of the aging sealers opening with a low pop, and then a muffled slam as the door fell back into place. The cap came off the bourbon, its lid clinked against a glass and then there were a few sporadic moments of cursing.
‘Ryan, where's the coke?'
‘Forgot to pick some up.'
‘What the shit, why didn't you ask me to grab some?'
‘Dunno, forgot.' I frowned slightly at the screen as I got knocked off a cliff by a swing that shouldn't have done so, and put the controller down. I pulled myself back up the couch and peered over its back at Chas, who stood, arms stretched, at the end of the hallway.
‘You're already half pissed, aren't you?'
‘Am not,' I said. I glanced at the clock hanging off the wall. It was hung at an odd angle. I'd could've sworn that I'd fixed it, but that's besides the matter. ‘It's only half-four, which'd make me quarter pissed.'
‘Fuckup, Ryan.' Chas strolled down the hallway, bottle in her left hand, glass in the other, and plonked herself down on my ankles. ‘You even feel that?'
‘…Yes.' I glanced back at the screen and flexed my toes. Chas laughed, I just wanted to know if I could feel my toes. ‘Top me up?' With my left arm, I leant over and passed my glass to her. I smiled when I heard the liquor being poured into the glass. I watched the screen and went through practiced motions on the controller, occasionally reaching down to the floor where my glass sat for a mouthful of whisky. Chas watched me, watching the screen and chatted with me. She frequently lifted the bottle for a refill.
‘Saw Michael earlier,' I said.
‘Who?' Chas sniffed
‘Some dude from school,' I lifted my glass up to my lips and grimaced at the taste. ‘Beardy-dude, wears glasses, likes denim too much…'
‘Irish dude?'
‘Oh yeah, I know the.' Chas sniffed and tilted her head to the side. ‘Dude's a wanker.' She then poured the last of the bottle into her glass. ‘I'm gonna go get some beer, want some?'
I nodded. I watched her slink off the couch and up the hallway. ‘He seemed alright to me,' I muttered. I listened to the clink of bottles from the other end of the house, and scratched my nose. People are weird, I guess.
There was a knock at the window. I scrunched up my eyes, and ran a hand down my face. The knock turned to banging. Chas curled up tighter underneath the covers. I got up, and peeked under the curtains, almost knocking over the lamp as I did so.
‘Fuck off, Darren.' I rubbed sleep out of my eyes and glanced back at the bed. The covers looked warm. I sighed, then back at my house mate.
Darren shrugged, mouthed something, then pointed towards the front door, around the corner from where he stood in the cold whatever-bloody-hour it was. I glanced at Chas, then at my bedroom door and stepped over the pile of clothes that needed washing and through the dark ways of the house. It wasn't a big house, but Christ, I swear it felt like a marathon. I rubbed my temple with one hand and opened the front door.
‘Thanks, mate,' said Darren. He pulled off his boots and coughed. Loudly.
‘Why the fuck did you need to wake me up?'
‘Forgot my key before I left,' Darren looked up and grinned at me, teeth all but gleaming in the darkness. ‘Big night?'
I didn't give him a proper response, instead turning towards the kitchen and shutting the door behind me. ‘Why the fuck does Chas even like you, Darren…' paracetamol from the cupboard, bacon and beer from the fridge. Once I popped the bread into the toaster and the bacon was cooking, I cracked open the beer and swallowed a mouthful of the cold, brown liquid. Paracetamol included, of course, can't forget that. I peeked back into the fridge again and swore. About half of a slab was gone. I ticked off numbers in my head, then looked at the food situation. The beer I had left was going to have to last me a while. Regardless, I finished cooking, stuffed a few extra cans in my pockets, put the bacon sandwich on a plate and shuffled down into the lounge room. For a moment, I was worried that my headphones wouldn't fit over my fat, swollen head before remembering, I was indeed an idiot. I flicked the PlayStation on with my foot, and ate. Then, I lounged around ‘til the sun came up and my head stopped throbbing. There was, however, one thought that stuck out in my mind – Darren's a cunt.
Advertisements
Hyperloop One, a high-speed train start-up which hopes to develop a new high-speed transportation system by using electric propulsion, filed a $250 million lawsuit on Tuesday against four former employees, including a company co-founder, who filed a suit seeking unspecified damages earlier this month. Photo courtesy of Hyperloop One
LOS ANGELES, July 20 (UPI) -- Hyperloop One, a high-speed train startup, filed a $250 million lawsuit on Tuesday against four former employees, including a company co-founder, who filed suit earlier this month.
A lawsuit seeking unspecified damages against Hyperloop One and four executives was filed earlier this month in the California Superior Court in Los Angeles by co-founder and former Hyperloop One CTO Brogan BamBrogan and three colleagues: Knut Sauer, David Pendergast and William Mulholland.
Hyper loop One, under Shervin Pishevar, co-founder and executive chairman of Hyperloop One, filed a $250 million countersuit on Tuesday against BamBrogan and the three others.
Hyperloop One is planning to develop a high-speed transportation system by using electric propulsion. The lawsuit against the company alleges the "technological promise" of the futuristic high-speed rail system is "being strangled by the mismanagement and greed of the venture capitalists who control the company." The lawsuit also alleges nepotism and threatening behavior.
In one incident of such behavior, Afshin Pishevar -- brother of Shervin Pishevar who served as the company's chief legal officer -- is accused of leaving a hangman's noose on BamBrogan's office chair following a dispute. Afshin Pishevar is seen in surveillance camera footage appearing to place the noose.
Hyperloop One's countersuit acknowledges leaving the rope was "ill-considered and in poor taste," adding that Afshin Pishevar was fired over the stunt.
Hyperloop One's lawsuit alleges the four men "staged a failed coup."
"Today's lawsuit demonstrates that these four defendants staged a failed coup to try to take over Hyperloop One and, failing that, conspired to steal our intellectual property and start their own company," a lawyer at the firm representing Hyperloop One told Fox News. "They engaged in gross misconduct in pursuit of their illegal plan".
I just rounded up NUTS.WAD, NUTS2.WAD, and NUTS3.WAD (All made by B.P.R.D (No I do not know what that stands for)) and zipped them. Enjoy the EPIC carnage. :D
Note: These maps are huge with tons of monsters, how many you ask?
nuts: Over 10,000
nuts2: A bit short of 4,000
nuts3: Over 12,00o
*New* Video links: nuts.wad with suprwep8.deh (Completed on UV in less than 3 minutes)
Approximately 9500 kills in nuts.wad
nuts.wad (aka Monster Surfing)
These will work with ANY Source Port as far as I can tell, I have tested it with ZDOOM, GZDOOM, Risen3D (With and without models), and EGDE, I recommend ZDOOM/GZDOOM or EGDE.
*Updated* Recommended in combination with doom3_weapons.wad (Which can be found here at Mod DB) or suprwep8.deh, which gives you tons of ammunition and full auto weapons. Perfect for this map. >:D
*Updated* Cheats:
IDDQD (God mode)
IDFA (Give all weapons/ammo)
IDSPISPOPD (No clipping)
*Warning* Unless you have a supercomputer do not combine with the following:
Risen3D with models
Doomsday engine with models
10x.wad (Multiplies monsters in (any) map by 10)
Weak computer
Using all of the above my cause a serious problem such as a Blue Screen, computer crash, nuclear explosion, or your computer may burst into flames. You have been warned.
Integration
Axl and many others of his species largely remained in hiding until the Human-Covenant War was over. This was both because it was a fight that wasn't their own, and because the growing scale of the conflict had made exploration and trade much too dangerous and difficult. In the past few years, the Yonhet have begun to emerge in hopes that the coast is clear enough to make a profit from the fleeting peacetime and political uncertainty. In the opinion of more than a few Sangheili, the Yonhet are considered more reliable than even the Kig -Yar. With the chaos and confusion of the Treaty period, fledgling Covenant warlords have begun to turn to the Yonhet more often to take advantage of their natural skill at sniffing out Forerunner relics. The interaction between these new warlords and the fringe species' varies greatly however. Where some Covenant leaders have seen fit to elevate particular individuals to more trusted roles, others have taken a more oppressive approach. This has led to multiple isolated reports of Yonhet mistreatment and even enslavement by Sangheili warlords desperate for a larger share of the reemerging Covenant power structure.
Militants launched 80 attacks on positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in ATO area in Donbas over the past day.
This is reported by the ATO press center.
In Mariupol direction, the enemy used mortars of different calibers to launch attacks on Krasnohorivka (29 km west of Donetsk), Novotroitske (32km south of Donetsk), Vodiane (16km north-west of Donetsk), Marinka (35 km south-west of Donetsk) and Pavlopol (30 km northeast of Mariupol). Ukrainian troops in Starohnativka (52km south of Donetsk), Marinka, Shyrokyne (20km east of Mariupol), Hnutove (19km north-west of Mariupol) came under grenade launcher and small arms fire.
In Donetsk direction, terrorists shelled Mayorske (45km north of Donetsk), Avdiivka (18km north of Donetsk) and Luhanske (59km north-east of Donetsk), using mortars of different calibers. ATO troops in Opytne (11.5km north-west of Donetsk), Kamyanka (62km south of Donetsk), Luhanske, Pisky (12km north-west of Donetsk), Zaitseve (67km north-north-east of Donetsk) came under grenade launcher and small arms fire.
In Luhansk direction, Russian mercenaries used mortars of different calibers to fire at Krymske (42.5km north-west of Luhansk), Novooleksandrivka (65km west of Luhansk), Popasna (90 km north-west of Luhansk). Ukrainian positions in Novozvanivka (70km west of Luhansk), Novooleksandrivka and Stanytsia Luhanska (16km north-east of Luhansk) came under grenade launcher and small arms fire.
ol
It's 2010 all over again: multiple people claim that they have been bitten by bedbugs at the AMC Empire 25 multiplex in Times Square.
Joseph Matoske, a 28-year-old Astoria resident, and his girlfriend went to the movie theater on Friday to see (you guessed it) Ant-Man when they encountered the blood-sucking bugs. "As soon as we got home, we noticed we were both itchy and covered in huge bug bites," he told us. He spoke to a person at the theater who "claims they're going to close down that section of the theatre. They offered us comp tickets to any AMC location for our troubles."
Matoske noted that the AMC employee asked him about their specific seats in theater 19. This sounds like the same strategy the company used to deal with bedbugs when that same location was overrun with them back in 2010—back then, they closed the theater-in-question down, then removed and treated specific seats where the bedbugs were spotted.
My arm after being bitten by bedbugs at the AMC theater on 42nd street yesterday. @AMCTheatres @ABC7 pic.twitter.com/eFtfedOflm — Onika Slocum (@onika_slocum) September 13, 2015
In addition to Matoske and his girlfriend, at least three other people have complained about bedbug bites there over the last week, including Cindy Feng, who posted multiple shots of her bites on Facebook.
***PLEASE BE ADVISED THERE MAY BE DISTURBING IMAGES***---WARNING TO PEOPLE IN NEW YORK---I'm not sure about the other... Posted by Cindy Feng on Monday, September 7, 2015
We've contacted AMC for comment.
Downward Spiral: Prologue (2017) is a sci-fi adventure game that takes you into a lovingly recreated '70s retro future of CRT monitors and space stations abound. Featuring a single-player and coop mission, and multiplayer deathmatch mode Downward Spiral: Prologue feels like the creators have torn out the first few pages of an Arthur C. Clarke novel and realized it in virtual reality.
Downward Spiral: Prologue Details:
Official Site
Developer: 3rd Eye Studios Oy LTD
Available On: Steam (HTC Vive, Oculus Rift)
Reviewed On: HTC Vive, Oculus Touch
Release Date: March, 31st 2017
Gameplay
Generator power: offline. Life support: offline. Artificial gravity: offline.
You're tossed in with little backstory, but it's clear what you have to do aboard what appears to be an abandoned space station orbiting Earth. Get systems back online and see what happens.
Grabbing the railing you propel yourself to the nearest airlock and enter the station. Because you're in a microgravity environment, you have to stop yourself with your hand and navigate forward by pushing off walls, and using the world's many handrailings and button-filled consoles for stability.
There's a lot to like about Downward Spiral: Prologue, from its well-polished interiors to its innovative locomotion scheme that has you free-floating in space, but I wasn't impressed at all by the 15-minute length of the game. That's right, another short-lived VR game that's selling for real money on Steam.
But if the short single player/coop mission doesn't deter you, you're in for some very cohesive art, some interesting exploration in what feels like a real space station and a satisfying conclusion of the little level that will definitely leave you wanting for more of everything. Considering this is the first installment of the game, which hasn't gone through any sort of pre-funding scheme like Steam Early Access program or Kickstarter, purchasing the game at $9.99 (€9,99 or £6,99) means you're directly funding the second installment.
There aren't really any puzzles to speak of, as the action is mostly driven by a few neat little button-filled consoles that jump-start the station's various processes. There are also a few enemies to dispatch with a pistol, but the world's little electric robot enemies are laughably easy to kill. It seems the atmosphere around you is really the star of the show here.
Deathmatch allows up to eight players to experience the same zero gravity gunplay in “environments familiar to the story,” meaning the same map. I wasn't able to get into a deathmatch during pre-release of the game, so I can't speak to its entirety. This isn't a “shooter” however, so I'm still mystified as to why there's a deathmatch in the first place. I'll be updating my impressions (and score if need be) as soon as I get into a match.
Immersion
At first it took me a few moments to get used to the locomotion style of floating around and pushing off the corridors of the space station, but after a little practice I was flying through the world with relative ease. I was surprised at just how good it was, similar to Oculus' recently released Mission:ISS (2017).
Shooting the game's pistols wasn't an entirely hitch-free experience. Aiming felt a little unnatural, a possible tribute to realism as my space suit didn't entirely allow for free movement with the pistol. I found myself being more deliberate in how I aimed because of it though as my bullets zinged through the vast expanse of the engine room.
Getting zapped by a robot feels right. Your sight is slightly more red-tinted every time you take a hit, and the sound mutes ever so slightly the worse the onslaught.
I played the game with both the Oculus Rift (with Touch) and the HTC Vive. The game is an open 360 environment, so a 3-sensor set-up is a must for Rift players if you want to forget the Touch version's snap-turn. As per usual, the stock Vive setup provided for a flawless 360-tracking experience.
Comfort
Floating in space can be stomach-turning, but it seems the developers have nailed the locomotion scheme in Downward Spiral: Prologue to a pretty fine degree.
Besides relying on an hand-held air compressor you find midway through that lets you bebop around with your own personal jet, you have to use a little physicality to push off and stop yourself with walls. Thankfully grabbing out for any and all parts of the ship lets you stop yourself, and you sort of settle into your forward motion after a while.
The HUD design also helps anchor you in the world, keeping nausea at bay. The video walk-through below (warning: the full game is completely spoiled below) shows a bit of the left side of helmet in the frame, but it's really not so intrusive. The helmet design only slightly cuts off your horizontal field of view (FOV).
Despite having a temperamental belly when it comes to artificial locomotion (I made myself sick playing Mission ISS), Downward Spiral seems to have done everything in its power to limit nausea, and I walked away feeling surprisingly normal.
The bag of cookies was supposed to last Ingrid Palmer's family all month, but little Makeba stole away and finished it. As Palmer sent the 5-year-old culprit to her room, she suddenly “felt like crap for yelling at my kids for eating. When you're on a budget and have to stretch, you get stressed. They're sneaking food because they're hungry and you're punishing them for eating — but a lot of the time you're snapping because you're hungry, too.”
Model schools are rethinking how they engage with the community to help enhance the lives of the students and their parents.
Palmer's family is rich in spirit, but in a city torn by gaps in income, they are poor. With Palmer on disability benefits, Makeba and 8-year-old brother O.J. are among a troubling 70,000 students of the Toronto District School Board whose families live on less, often much less, than $30,000 a year. RELATED:
Article Continued Below
Visionary program helps disadvantaged students with more than their eyesight Toronto schools adjust for family economics If the city is divided by wealth and poverty, so are its schools. Canada's largest school board has the challenge of trying to give kids who have just come from the food bank the same odds of succeeding academically as their classmates who have just returned from a vacation in France.
Those odds get worse as the family income drops. Ingrid Palmer knows the barriers poverty throws in the path of learning. It's not just that tutors and enrichment programs are out of reach, she said, it's that poor parents often don't feel they have a say. Yet parents' involvement in their child's education is known to be key to kids' success.
Article Continued Below
“When you're low-income, you feel embarrassed asking for things; you don't want to look inadequate as a parent,” said the mother of three. “You don't want to be judged as always having your hand out — even though high-income parents often think nothing of making demands.” Palmer has seen both sides of this divide. When her grown daughter was in school, they lived in a subsidized apartment in a high-crime neighborhood where, she said, the school seemed to do little to level the playing field for struggling families. But in 2011, her luck changed. Palmer's family got into a subsidized house in a middle-class neighborhood and her son was offered a spot at George Webster Elementary School in a program for children with autism. That school, and its special program to bridge the economic divide, would change her family's life. “I couldn't believe it; suddenly my son was at a school that provided a hot lunch every day at very little cost ($50 for four months, but no one is turned away) and a healthy snack in both morning and afternoon,” said Palmer. “For the working poor or those on assistance, the budget gets pretty tight after the first two weeks of the month. Sometimes there's only $5 a week left for food, so a hot lunch is one less meal to budget for. It was amazing.”
Ingrid Palmer is legally blind mother who receives disability assistance and lives with her children Sade, 21, Makeba, 5, and O.J., 8, in public housing. Palmer knows first-hand how schools can reflect the economic divide between neighbourhoods - and how they can help bridge those gaps. ( Vince Talotta / Toronto Star )
Fate had dropped Palmer's son into the TDSB's award-winning Model Schools for Inner City program, which fills many of the gaps facing students in the city's most high-needs neighborhoods. “They have a medical centre on-site once a week, which is amazing when you're on a strict budget, because sometimes you can't afford the $10 to take your kids back and forth to the clinic,” said Palmer. Her son signed up for free basketball, soccer and martial arts offered after school. All kindergarten students received social skills training in workshops offered by a child development agency. And the teacher actually asked Palmer for ideas on what might work with her son, something Palmer had never been asked by a teacher. “Before, my son was almost non-verbal, but at George Webster the teacher interviewed me beforehand about his interests and I told her he loves cars, so she fashioned a whole curriculum around cars. He learned to hold a pencil by tracing the dots along a road. It was like she flipped the switch, and suddenly he was engaged. He totally exploded. Before you knew it he was reading Green Eggs and Ham to the class.” But what truly shocked Palmer was the effort to reach out to parents who might feel disenfranchised. When former principal Nancy Steinhauer asked Palmer to join the parent council, Palmer said she couldn't because “I'm legally blind, so sunset is my curfew.” No problem, shrugged Steinhauer. We'll pay for a cab. “I was blown away,” recalled Palmer, who went on to use those cab chits to become a political powerhouse in parenting circles: former co-chair of the George Webster parent council, former co-chair of a council of parents from 20-plus Model Schools, and an active member of the board's Inner City Advisory Committee, running meetings across town. “Model Schools bridge whatever gap we've ever had; they remove whatever is preventing you from being invisible.” Palmer has taken these new edu-savvy skills with her as her kids switched to Bowmore Road Public School last fall for different programs. This school may not offer hot lunches or free extracurricular programs to its middle-income families, but Palmer now knows how to ask for help, with head held high. “My son wanted to take chess lessons at the school this year, but they're almost $200 and I saw no mention of subsidy, so I called up the company and asked and they gave me 75 per cent off. Same with an extracurricular program called Mad Science; I called and asked if we could have more time to pay, and they offered us a 50 per cent discount. “Before my Model Schools experience I would have felt embarrassed to ask,” she admitted, “but now I know how to advocate for my child and take advantage of the resources that are available.” “It's just unfortunate that not every school offers all these supports, because there are low-income families in every school.”
Share Pinterest
Email
Now the owner of both a NASCAR and Formula One team, Gene Haas finds himself in the unique position of dealing with a pair of marquee sanctioning bodies that operates in two fundamentally different but equally successful ways.
Haas addressed the differences between NASCAR and the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile on Tuesday morning at his shop during a press event in which he also announced the hiring of Frenchman Romain Grosjean as his primary driver for the 2016 season.
In short, the 62-year-old says the FIA is a lot more democratic in how it functions than NASCAR.
"NASCAR is more like a dictatorship," Haas said. "They basically say, 'This is what we're going to do,' and while they listen to your input, they ultimately make all the decisions. In Formula One, they have these strategy sessions where anyone can throw out any idea you want and then they vote on it.
"That's fundamentally different than NASCAR."
And while NASCAR has endured its fair share of debate and infighting over the costs of participation and rules packages from year to year, Haas said it doesn't even come close to the amount of drama generated in Formula One.
Even as he announced Grosjean to a worldwide media contingent, several teams, including Red Bull Racing, are threatening a boycott and the approval rating of F1 chief executive Bernie Ecclestone is at an all-time low.
In other words, it's business as usual, according to Haas.
"There's a lot of drama," he said. "Let me tell you, last year, they thought three teams were going to drop out, but the reality is that only Caterham dropped out. So there's always this thing where two or three teams say they are going to drop out but they always seem to show up the next year.
"They always seem to be racing."
Haas also believes F1 is more transparent than NASCAR due to the amount of public conversation generated in the paddock.
"They have these strategy meetings and they throw out all these outrageous things in those meetings, and the media immediately picks them up as fact," Haas said. "These are just ideas people tossed out there. Whether it will or won't make it to the next level is very remote.
"But there's certainly a lot of drama in Formula One. I think there's more drama in Formula One than there is in NASCAR. But still, it's Formula One. It's the ultimate motorsport."
On July 29, 2011, North Carolina's Secretary of State Elaine Marshall issued a subpoena, which asked for documents and records from the NCAA regarding findings from the NCAA's investigation of past NFLPA agent activity on the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill's campus. The NCAA's investigation has undoubtedly focused on names like former UNC associate head coach John Blake, the late NFLPA Contract Advisor Gary Wichard, and former UNC defensive tackle (and current New York Giant) Marvin Austin, but there are certainly many other athletes and agents that have been examined since the NCAA stepped foot on UNC's campus in June 2010. The State of North Carolina started its own investigation, not specifically tied to UNC-Chapel Hill, on July 22, 2010.
Elaine Marshall's office wants access to transcripts of the interviews that the NCAA conducted at Chapel Hill in the past year, a copy of John Blake's credit report, and other relevant material, but the NCAA has not cooperated up to this point in time. Last week, Marshall's office filed a petition for an order to compel the NCAA to release those documents, but not without the NCAA objecting to that request on jurisdictional grounds, claiming that Marshall should have filed the petition in Indiana (the NCAA's principal place of business) instead of North Carolina. A hearing on the petition is currently scheduled for November 28, 2011 in the Wake County, North Carolina Superior Court. According to Ken Tysiac and J. Andrew Curliss of the News & Observer, Elaine Marshall's makes sure to point out in its filing, that the NCAA has historically petitioned hard for states to pass the Uniform Athlete Agents Act (UAAA), but will not comply with the UAAA's mandates.
This bewilders me. A state actually seems to be making an attempt to enforce its athlete agent laws, which the NCAA has fought tooth-and-nail for states to adopt (to retain “amateurism” and tax benefits), but the NCAA does not want to provide pertinent information that has a strong likelihood of benefiting the state in its own investigation?
NC Sec of State App for order to compel
In a major patent ruling today, the Supreme Court of the United States issued a unanimous decision in Mayo v. Prometheus Laboratories. The case, heard twice before the Federal Circuit (once before the Supreme Court's ruling in Bilski and once after), has been closely followed because of its impacts on personalized medicine and potential implications for the Myriad Genetics case on the BRCA genes. The Supreme Court reversed the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit and held that Prometheus' patents-at-issue were not eligible for patent protection.
The facts of the case are as follows. Prometheus Laboratories was the sole and exclusive licensee of the patents and sold diagnostic tests based upon these patents. The patents concern the use of thiopurine drugs to treat autoimmune diseases, such as Crohn's desease or ulcerative colitis. The body metabolizes thiopurine drugs and causes metabolites to form in a patient's bloodstream. Because metabolization varies from patient to patient, different doses are necessary in order to reduce side effects but still maintain effective treatment levels. The patents at issue emobody findings that certain concentrations indicate the dosage was too high, whereas other concentrations indicated too low of a dosage. After using the Prometheus diagnostic tests, Mayo subsequently announced that it would begin using and selling its own test. Prometheus then brought action against Mayo for patent infringement.
The District Court in the case granted summary judgment in Mayo's favor, but the Federal Circuit reversed. Mayo filed a petition for writ of certiorari with the Supreme Court granted, but then vacated and remanded for further consideration in light of Bilski. The Federal Circuit then reaffirmed its earlier decision and Mayo again filed for certiorari which was again accepted.
Justice Breyer wrote the opinion which can be found here.
In holding that the patents-at-issue were not patentable, the Court found that more than one must do more than a mere application of a law of nature to render such a law patent eligible. It stated that a patent that describes the relation set forth in natural law does does not do enough to permit a patent.
Providing instructions on applying natural laws does not transform “unpatentable natural laws into patent eligible applications of that laws.” The case focused, in large part, on Section 101 of the Patent Act which the Court noted includes an implicit exception that laws of nature are not patentable subject matter.
The Court focused its decision, in part, on the reasoning for the implicit exception and implications patents can have on future innovation. Citing past precedent in Gottschalk v. Benson, 409 U.S. 63 (1972), the Court noted that phenomena of nature and abstract principles are “basic tools” of science and “monopolization of those tools through the grant of a patent might tend to impede innovation more than it would tend to promote it.” The Court also noted that the claimed processes involved “upholding the patents would risk disproportionately tying up the use of the underlying natural laws, inhibiting their use in the making of further discoveries.” Repeatedly, the opinion emphasizes the “concern that patent law not inhibit further discovery by improperly tying up the future use of laws of nature” and that
there is a danger that the grant of patents that tie up their use will inhibit future innovation permised upon them, a danger that becomes acute when a patented process amounts to no more than an instruction to ‘apply the natural law,' or otherwise forecloses more future invention than the underlying discovery could reasonably justify.
In addition to its concerns regarding future research and development, the Court also noted that the process claimed by Prometheus involved activity already well-understood and utilized by the scientific community:
To put the matter more succinctly, the claims inform a relevant audience about certain laws of nature; any additional steps consist of well-understood, routine, conventional activity already engaged in by the scientific community; and those steps, when viewed as a whole, add nothing significant beyond the sum of their parts taken separately. For these reasons we believe that the steps are not sufficient to transform unpatentable natural correlations into patentable applications of those regulations.
The opinion rejected the US Government's position that “virtually any step beyond a statement of a law of nature” transforms an unpatentable law into an patent-eligible application. In rejecting this position, the Court found that such an approach would make the implicit law of nature exception to Section 101 a “dead letter.”
Finally, the Court made one important clarification regarding its 2010 decision in In re Bilski. Although the Federal Circuit found that the “machine or transformation” test is an “important and useful clue” to patent eligibility under the guidance of the Bilski decision, the Supreme Court noted here that “we have neither said nor implied that the test trumps the ‘law of nature' exclusion.”
It also cited the differing of opinion, recognizing that patent protection is a “two-edged sword.” Although amici on Prometheus' side claimed need for patent protection to encourage discoveries, amici for Mayo, including the American Medical Association, the American College of Medical Genetics, the American Hospital Association, the American Society of Human Genetics, the Association of American Medical Colleges, and the Association for Molecular Pathology, among others, argued that
“claims to exclusive rights over the body's natural responses to illness and medical treatment are permitted to stand, the result will be a vast thicket of exclusive rights over the use of critical scientific data that must remain widely available if physicians are to provide sound medical care.”
Expanding on amici's point, the Court's opinion takes note that the exclusivity of a patent
can impede the flow of information that might permit, indeed spur, invention, by, for example, raising the price of using the patented ideas once created, requiring potential users to conduct costly and time-consuming searches of existing patents and pending patent applications and requiring the negotiation of complex licensing arrangements.
The case could have implications for American Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics. The arguments against the patent eligibility of the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes rest on some of the same case law and principles cited by the Supreme Court in Prometheus. The issues of application of well-understood research tools, field preemption and implications for further innovation are all major factors in the Myriad case. Additionally, the Court relied on the same precedent cited in favor of AMP, including Gottschalk v. Benson, Diamond v. Diehr, Diamond v. Chakrabarty and Funk Brothers Seed Co. v. Kalo Inoculant Co.
I would expect that the Supreme Court will ask the Federal Circuit to re-hear the Myriad case and to decide it in light of the Prometheus ruling (much as the Federal Circuit re-heard Prometheus after the Supreme Court decided Bilski). Based on the guidance of the Supreme Court in Prometheus, the Federal Circuit could reverse its ruling in Myriad. Alternatively, if the Federal Circuit comes down on the same side and upholds Myriad's patents, the case could be appealed again to the Supreme Court.
Additional coverage of the case is available via Pharmalot.
Prior coverage, including court documents and briefs are available at SCOTUSBlog.
Story highlights Businessman accused of trying to get around federal fishing quota
Prosecutors said he sold fish to wholesaler
(CNN) Federal authorities arrested the owner of one of the largest commercial fishing operations in the Northeast early Friday on charges that he illegally caught protected species of fish for years and sold them for "bags of cash."
Carlos Rafael, sometimes referred to as "The Codfather" for his prominence in commercial fishing, is accused of lying to federal authorities about the quantities and species of fish his fleet of boats caught in order to evade quotas aimed at guaranteeing sustainable fisheries.
The businessman then allegedly sold the ill-gotten fish to a wholesaler in New York City for "bags of cash," according to an affidavit filed in support of a criminal complaint in U.S. District Court in Boston.
Carlos Rafael in October 2014. Rafael is sometimes referred to as "The Codfather" for his prominence in commercial fishing.
Rafael is accused of conspiracy and submitting falsified records to evade federal fishing quotas. Fish were sometimes placed in hidden compartments and other times mislabeled as different species in an effort to avoid quotas, according to a source familiar with the probe.
Rafael's business, Carlos Seafood, Inc. in New Bedford, Massachusetts, is one of the largest commercial fishing businesses in the Northeast, according to prosecutors.
Read More
Soon after midnight on April 1, a separatist group calling itself the Kharkov Partisans issued another one of its video warnings to the Ukrainian government. It claimed that within the next 48 hours a bomb would explode far behind the front lines of the war in eastern Ukraine. “As of now, the earth will begin to burn beneath your feet,” said the group's spokesman, Filipp Ekozyants, in the message to Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko and his top security officials.
Sure enough, the bomb arrived. Though reports have been conflicting as to the damage it caused, a large explosion rang out in the southwestern part of Kharkov, Ukraine's second largest city, within 24 hours of the Partisans' threat. Police denied that any bombing had occurred that night, though that seems to be part of a cover up. “The explosion did take place,” says Andriy Sanin, the head of the local branch of Right Sector, a nationalist paramilitary group that works in league with Ukraine's armed forces. “It appears to have been an act of intimidation,” he says, declining to give further details. In a follow-up video on April 3, the Partisans claimed that the attack had targeted a military convoy, killing a dozen Ukrainian servicemen.
But whatever the details of that bombing, it would hardly have been the first attack attributed to this guerrilla group. In interviews with TIME over the past two months, the group's spokesman, a former wedding singer now based in western Russia, has claimed responsibility for a spate of bombings, mostly targeting military and industrial installations in the region of Kharkov, which lies right on the border with Russia. “Our goal is to liberate the people of Kharkov,” Ekozyants says in the first of several interviews. “And we will fight until the current authorities are weak enough to allow this.”
Numbering more than a dozen in the past few months alone, the bombings in Kharkov and other cities have marked a grim turn in Ukraine's year-old conflict. The Russian-backed separatists in Ukraine's eastern regions have managed to seize control of two major cities and large chunks of the border with Russia. But they are clearly not satisfied with the extent of their possessions. Even amid the ceasefire that Russian President Vladimir Putin negotiated and signed with President Poroshenko in February, the bombing of Ukraine's cities has only intensified. The war now seems to be shifting from the use of tanks and artillery to the methods of terrorism and guerrilla warfare.
Beneath the Front Lines of the War in Eastern Ukraine Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos Jerome Sessini—Magnum Photos 1 of 25 Advertisement
The goal of these attacks, says Ekozyants, is to paralyze the Ukrainian authorities and inspire locals to join a separatist revolt against them. But there seems to be some debate within his organization about the admissible means of achieving this. About two hours before Ekozyants issued his warning on April 1, he told TIME that the November bombing of a crowded bar in Kharkov was the work of a radical cell of the Partisans. Eight people were wounded in that bombing, two of them critically.
From their bases in Russia and the rebel-held cities in eastern Ukraine, the more moderate leaders of the Partisans then issued a ban on attacking civilians, in part to avoid a popular backlash against their methods, says Ekozyants. “After what happened at [the bar], our coordinating council issued a directive to all our cells, saying any more actions in places where there are peaceful people will be punished by lethal means.”
But the lethality of the bombings in Kharkov have still continued to increase. The deadliest confirmed attack struck on a religious holiday, Forgiveness Sunday, Feb. 22, the day in Eastern Orthodox tradition when believers are meant to repent for their sins. It was also the day when many in Ukraine marked the one-year anniversary of their country's revolution, which brought a pro-Western government to power last winter. Sanin, the local paramilitary leader, was leading a march of commemoration that afternoon through Kharkov, and as his column set out through the city, an anti-personnel mine exploded at the side of the road, sending a shockwave full of shrapnel into the crowd. Four people were fatally wounded, including two teenage boys, and nine others were hospitalized.
“In the first seconds there was panic,” Sanin recalls. “Everyone was screaming, running, and there was a real risk that the victims would get trampled where they lay.” Sanin appears to have been one of targets of the attack, but he escaped with minor injuries.
A few days later, Ukraine's state security service, the SBU, released what it claimed to be a video of the bomber's confession. Because his face in the footage is blurred and his name has not been released, it has been impossible to verify the authenticity of the SBU's claims, which have not always been reliable. In a monotonous patter, the alleged confessor claims that an agent of the Russian security services paid him $10,000 to carry out the bombing on Forgiveness Sunday.
For his part, Ekozyants denies that the Kharkov Partisans had anything to do with that attack. But some of his allies in the rebel movement still believe the bombing was justified. “There were no accidental victims there at that march,” says Konstantin Dolgov, a leading pro-Russian separatist in Ukraine. “They were all the same people who were fueling a big civil war in Ukraine. They were calling for the death of Russians, of Russian-speakers,” says Dolgov, who denies any involvement in that bombing. After a pause, he adds: “There's a good Russian saying: You sow the wind, you reap the storm. And the storm caught up with them during that march.”
Having started his career a decade ago as an adviser to a pro-Russian governor of Kharkov, Dolgov has emerged as a one of the main links between Moscow and the separatists in eastern Ukraine. He now splits his time between the Russian capital and the rebel stronghold of Donetsk, and he is living proof that the separatists' ambitions in Ukraine go far beyond the territories they currently control. Russia seems to support his message. On Kremlin-owned television channels, he is a fixture on political talk shows, frequently cast as the benevolent face of Ukrainian separatism.
One afternoon in March, he agreed to meet me at a restaurant in Moscow across the street from the offices of the Russian Presidential Administration, where he sat in a pressed suit with a little separatist flag pinned to his lapel. Despite the resistance of Ukrainian authorities, he claims it is only a matter of time before Kharkov falls to the separatists. “But the liberation is only possible from the outside at this point,” he says. All the local separatists in Kharkov have been jailed or forced to flee the city. So there are now “at least 1,500 men” from Kharkov fighting in various rebel factions in other parts of eastern Ukraine, he says. “They all hope to return home and take revenge for their murdered comrades.”
Ekozyants, who calls Dolgov a close associate, takes a somewhat different view. Through the bombing campaigns of the Partisans, he believes the Ukrainian authorities can be weakened from within, allowing the local separatists to organize an uprising in the city. “All we want is to create a government of Kharkov that will listen to the people,” he says. The ultimate aim is for the city to hold a referendum on secession from Ukraine, much as the region of Crimea did last spring before it was annexed into Russia. “If a majority of people in Kharkov vote to join up with Burkina Faso, then we will join Burkina Faso,” Ekozyants says. “But let the people decide.”
His success as a mouthpiece for separatism in Kharkov derives in part from his earlier fame. Long before the war in Ukraine broke out last spring, Ekozyants was well known in the city as a composer and singer of maudlin ballads, which he would often perform at local weddings and banquets. (“Eternal love, we live to blindly love,” went one of the refrains in his music video from 2009.) The showmanship has since become a hallmark of his propaganda, which is laced with moody, anti-Semitic diatribes against the “shameless yids” seizing power in Ukraine with help from the West.
In late February, when TIME first contacted him for an interview, he replied by sending back a theatrical nine-minute video – “an address to the American people” – warning of an apocalyptic war that would turn U.S. cities into “giant ruins” if Washington does not withdraw its support for the Ukrainian government. When pressed to comment beyond such bravado, he invited a reporter to visit him in the western Russian city of Ryazan, but backed out at the last minute and only agreed to talk via Skype.
In subsequent interviews, he says most of the financial support for the Kharkov Partisans comes from sympathetic businessmen living in Russia, who transfer funds into his bank account. Asked whether the Partisans receive support from the Russian military or security services, he says some Russian state support does come through the rebel leadership in Donetsk. “We don't just cooperate,” Ekozyants says of that separatist stronghold. “We are one network. We are the same.”
And Russia clearly tolerates their activities on its territory. The bank account Ekozyants uses to gather donations is at a branch of state-controlled Sberbank, Russia's biggest lender, in the western Russian city of Rostov. In his spare time, Ekozyants says he still earns extra money singing at banquets in Russia, and he also seems to have access to a television studio in one of the Russian cities where he operates.
In late March, he posted a video of himself in a studio interviewing Igor Girkin, a former agent of the Russian security services who led the separatist militias in their conquest of Ukrainian territory last year. The two of them muse for an hour about the future of the “Russian world,” which they see extending across much of Ukraine. The Russian government, Girkin says, has been too indecisive in pursuing its imperial destiny in these borderlands. “But I always felt that God realizes his will through individuals,” he says. Even when those individuals are prepared to set off bombs in peaceful cities.
Go Inside the Frozen Trenches of Eastern Ukraine Ross McDonnell Ross McDonnell Ross McDonnell Ross McDonnell Ross McDonnell Ross McDonnell Ross McDonnell Ross McDonnell Ross McDonnell Ross McDonnell 1 of 21 Advertisement
Contact us at editors@time.com.
1987 Introduction
A young South African activist, 20-year-old Comrade Bongani of the underground movement in Tumahole township, reflects the attitude of serious fighters the world over towards the need for socialist theory. Asked by a journalist what “people's education” meant, he is reported with answering:
“I mean the type of education whereby all the people are satisfied with it because they are involved in the decision-making for the benefit of all. “For instance, when dealing with the Russian Revolution of 1917, because Russia is a Communist country, Bantu education [discriminatory system of schooling imposed on blacks by the South African state] will tell you this and that about communism and how bad it is. “They won't tell you the true facts about what happened in Russia during that time…” “Would you like to see socialism in this country?” “Yes, because it's going to do away with capitalism.” “What do you understand by capitalism?” “It is a system of private ownership by certain individuals who own the means of production. My parents, from Monday to Friday, can make a production of R1,000, but he or she is going to get, say, R50. So our parents are being exploited so that certain individuals can get rich. “That's why I prefer socialism, because the working class will control production.” (Financial Mail, Johannesburg, October 31, 1986)
It is not accidental that this comrade should use the example of the Russian revolution to illustrate this point. The first (and so far the only) conscious socialist revolution in the world, it proved irrefutably the possibility of overthrowing the rule of the reactionary classes and establishing the rule of the working class.
Despite systematic distortion by the capitalist media and education system, workers, youth and peasants (especially in the underdeveloped world) are aware of Russia's amazing transformation, following the October revolution, from a backward peasant country into a superpower.
For these reasons the Russian revolution has continued to inspire millions of oppressed people with confidence in their own victory. For the same reasons, no other event contains more fundamental lessons for the working-class movement today.
What are the “true facts about what happened in Russia during that time?” On what program did the Russian working class conquer power? Are the fundamental aims of that program still applicable in our struggle today?
Comrade Bongani refers to Russia as a “Communist” country. To what extent has the program of the 1917 revolution been carried into practice? To what extent has Russia advanced towards communism?
Politically conscious workers are aware that serious problems exist in the Soviet Union. In 1956, Soviet leader Krushchev denounced the monstrous corruption and repression that had characterized the rule of his predecessor, Stalin, from the 1920s until his death in 1953. Thirty years later, Mikhail Gorbachev is denouncing the continuing bureaucratic abuse.
Comrade Joe Slovo, leader of the South African Communist Party, today expresses his “anger and disgust” at having been a defender of Stalin's regime. (Interview with The Observer, London, March 1 1987)
But denunciations, anger and disgust do not answer the real question: what happened in the Soviet Union after 1917 to give rise to a regime of mass repression? Seventy years later, what remains of the system of workers' democracy established under the leadership of Lenin and Trotsky?
For socialists it is essential to answer these questions fully and openly. Our critical examination of the Russian revolution and its subsequent degeneration has nothing in common with the capitalists' class hatred towards the USSR. We need to know “the true facts” in order to learn the lessons, and to respond correctly to the policies of the present-day Soviet leadership.
Comrades should organize discussions where these events, and the ideas that explain them, can be analyzed, where queries can be raised and ideas debated. This pamphlet is intended as a contribution to the discussion, and an introduction to further reading.
Each of its four parts, for example, could form the basis for a group discussion. Individual comrades could prepare contributions on the topics (sections) into which every part is divided. The books and pamphlets listed at the end should be studied by comrades who want to understand the issues in more detail.
Carrying out this study, and taking on board the lessons, is the best way to commemorate the anniversary of the Russian revolution.
George Collins, October 1987
Bitcoin has been surging in value since mid October and gained more than 20% yesterday alone. At one point, it hit a yearly high of more than $491 (see chart).
CoinTelegraph
In August, bitcoin fell to a low for 2015 near $200 amid turmoil in the Chinese and global stock markets. But bitcoin transaction volume has been growing. Blockchain.info data shows that unique bitcoin wallet addresses—which are how users manage and trade bitcoin—are at an all-time high. Some have multiple bitcoin addresses, but such a spike suggests there are new users as well.
It's not entirely clear what's driven the most recent price gains. There is an assertion in an article on the front page of the FT today that the gains are due to Chinese people flocking to bitcoin in a giant pyramid scheme run on a Russian fraudsters website:
The price of the cryptocurrency bitcoin surged on Wednesday to its highest in more than a year amid a wave of Chinese testimonials for a “social financial network” called MMM, which bears the hallmarks of a pyramid scheme. New members of MMM have to buy bitcoins to join the scheme, which is the brainchild of Sergey Mavrodi, a former Russian parliamentarian since jailed for fraud.
Although the article is unbalanced and simplistic, the truth regarding the root cause of the price movement of any market is of course much more complex – and there are many supply and demand issues to be considered.
Source: CoinDesk
Most bitcoin experts once again see Chinese demand as key. As China has been devaluing its currency, the yuan, throughout the year and the Chinese are aware of the growing risks posed to the yuan and indeed the dollar and other fiat currencies.
Also, their recent experience of the stock market crash has made bitcoin and, of course, gold more attractive again. Hence the surge in demand for gold in China again. China's gold buying rose 7.83% year on year to 814 tons in the first three quarters, industry data from the China Gold Association (CGA) showed yesterday.
There are increasing concerns of capital controls in China and Chinese investors and companies are seeking to diversify internationally and move savings and capital out of China.
Bitcoin is an easy way for people to swap out of yuan. Goldman Sachs analysts estimated earlier this year that 80% of bitcoin volume is exchanged in and out of the Chinese yuan. Once converted to bitcoin, the owners can then swap back into other fiat currencies and indeed, physical gold.
We see value in having an allocation to bitcoin and see it as complementary to owning physical gold and silver. It is clearly more volatile than gold and even silver and is not proven as a hedging instrument and safe haven asset. Therefore, it is more speculative and merits having a lower allocation than gold and silver bullion.
DAILY PRICES
Today's Gold Prices: USD 1107.30, EUR 1024.40 and GBP 724.75 per ounce.
Yesterday's Gold Prices: USD 1118.00, EUR 1024.09 and GBP 724.99 per ounce.
(LBMA AM)
Gold lost $10.20 yesterday to close at $1107.50. Silver was also down by $0.20 for the day closing at $15.09. Platinum lost $8 to $953.
Download Essential Guide To Storing Gold In Switzerland
TT1 Profile Blog Joined December 2008 Canada 8896 Posts Last Edited: 2012-03-17 20:21:40 #1
__
Rotterdam just made me a dumb kid lol
I didn't miss my flight 3 times in a row
I left home 2 hours before the flight time. I left at 12 40. Flight was 2 40.
However there was car crash has made traffic. I got airport at 1 57 which is 3minutes late to check in time. She wouldn't let me in. She put me on the next flight which was on 5 30pm to phoenix. But she said u have to be on revenue standby list for the flight from phoenix to austin. I said ok and prayed. I was first on the waiting list but she said people who frequently flys with company (who has like gold and platinum membership) or people who work for company can always get ahead of me. She also said all the flights from phoenix to austin are fully and overbooked for 2 days. But I had no choice I said let me try. I got to phoenix waiting for the flight to austin. Flight time was 9 20pm . I was 3rd on waiting list because 2 people got ahead of me. One of them got a spot cuz someone hasn't checked in. So I was 2nd. And there were 2 ppl missing. So I just had to pray please no one appear. When it was 20 seconds left one guy showed up. So I lost my spot and the other person got his seat. Those shits look so bullshit but it is not -.- its true.
So I am revenue standby list(means who paid for flight and missed flight but has no seat since flights were overbooked) again for tomorrow 9 20 in the morning. I couldn't even sleep in the airport whoe night cuz It's so loud and uncomfortable maybe slept like 2 hours. I was first on standby this time but no one missed. So I asked if I can make next one if they think... Cuz I was gonna go back to seattle if not. The guy looked at the computer and helped me to get first class for next flight I guess someone canceled it and I was waiting from since from yesterday so he gave me the seat. Now its 12 05 pm here and this flight is on at 2 35. Departing at 3 arriving at austin at 7 16pm. P.S im not lying a single word here. All things are dramatically going unlucky for me these days. The whole world must be trolling me as hell. So sad rofl -_-. Also I'm not dumb enough to miss the flight 3 times in a row.
edit: oh its my birthday =[, nerd4life
edit2: select wanted me to add this pic
hihi, select wanted me to post this for him cus hes on his phone and couldnt do it himself__Rotterdam just made me a dumb kid lolI didn't miss my flight 3 times in a rowI left home 2 hours before the flight time. I left at 12 40. Flight was 2 40.However there was car crash has made traffic. I got airport at 1 57 which is 3minutes late to check in time. She wouldn't let me in. She put me on the next flight which was on 5 30pm to phoenix. But she said u have to be on revenue standby list for the flight from phoenix to austin. I said ok and prayed. I was first on the waiting list but she said people who frequently flys with company (who has like gold and platinum membership) or people who work for company can always get ahead of me. She also said all the flights from phoenix to austin are fully and overbooked for 2 days. But I had no choice I said let me try. I got to phoenix waiting for the flight to austin. Flight time was 9 20pm . I was 3rd on waiting list because 2 people got ahead of me. One of them got a spot cuz someone hasn't checked in. So I was 2nd. And there were 2 ppl missing. So I just had to pray please no one appear. When it was 20 seconds left one guy showed up. So I lost my spot and the other person got his seat. Those shits look so bullshit but it is not -.- its true.So I am revenue standby list(means who paid for flight and missed flight but has no seat since flights were overbooked) again for tomorrow 9 20 in the morning. I couldn't even sleep in the airport whoe night cuz It's so loud and uncomfortable maybe slept like 2 hours. I was first on standby this time but no one missed. So I asked if I can make next one if they think... Cuz I was gonna go back to seattle if not. The guy looked at the computer and helped me to get first class for next flight I guess someone canceled it and I was waiting from since from yesterday so he gave me the seat. Now its 12 05 pm here and this flight is on at 2 35. Departing at 3 arriving at austin at 7 16pm. P.S im not lying a single word here. All things are dramatically going unlucky for me these days. The whole world must be trolling me as hell. So sad rofl -_-. Also I'm not dumb enough to miss the flight 3 times in a row.edit: oh its my birthday =[, nerd4lifeedit2: select wanted me to add this pic ab = tl(i) + tl(pc), the grand answer to every tl.net debate
AT&T (NYSE: T) and EchoStar executives presented their potential framework for sharing the 28 GHz band and the 37.0-40.0 band to the FCC, saying they believe it achieves three primary goals.
The framework protects existing fixed satellite services (FSS) licensees and provides them a co-primary status with new upper microwave flexible use (UMFU) licensees; establishes protection zones in the urban cores of key metropolitan areas to prevent potential interference to UMFU systems from new FSS installations; and establishes a set of coordination guidelines and parameters that allows FSS and UMFU licensees to fairly share the spectrum outside the protection zones.
The framework the companies presented comes after AT&T and EchoStar representatives said during an FCC workshop last month that they thought solutions could be found for sharing spectrum in the upper millimeter wave bands. Joan Marsh, vice president for federal regulatory at AT&T, also described it as a "fairly easy lift," particularly compared to the kind of complicated coordination AT&T has done in other bands like WCS.
Indeed, before that workshop even started, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler advised both mobile and satellite stakeholders to work out the spectrum sharing conundrum in the millimeter wave spectrum.
Under the framework that AT&T, EchoStar, Hughes Network Systems and Alta Wireless submitted to the commission last week, FSS operators in the 28 GHz band would be permitted to add individually-licensed FSS earth stations to existing facilities. In the 37-40 GHz band, UMFU use would be permitted throughout a new band that combines the 37 GHz and 39 GHz bands into 3 GHz of contiguous bandwidth.
The companies also included a table defining urban cores where FSS earth station deployment would be restricted. The urban core definition would be used for the area where UMFU licensees are primary and FSS licensees are secondary for both the 28 GHz band (27.5-28.35 GHz) and the preferred channels for FSS deployment in the 37-40 GHz band (limited to 39-40 GHz; FSS would be secondary as well in 37.5-39.0 GHz in all areas).
While details of coordination, safe harbor and aggregate interference guidelines are still being developed, "AT&T and EchoStar believe that this framework will enable both satellite and mobile services to make intensive and productive use of these valuable spectrum resources in a manner that does not unduly restrict the development of either service," states the letter jointly filed by AT&T and EchoStar.
Verizon (NYSE: VZ) also has promised to work with satellite providers to try to find common ground on potential interference issues between future mobile terrestrial operations and existing satellite earth stations in the 28 GHz band.
For more:
- see this AT&T filing
Related articles:
Satellite, mobile industries still hashing out spectrum sharing for 5G
Echostar pushes alternative approach to high-band spectrum sharing
Verizon promises to work with satellite industry on potential interference issues in 28 GHz band
I had already planned on what today's post was going to be about. We have been in Detroit for just over a year now, we arrived December 9th of last year. So I was going to do a rundown of our highs and lows during our first year in Detroit.
I was going to talk about all the fabulous places we've been in and around metro Detroit and all the cool events we've attended. I would have probably mentioned meeting Gordie Howe and Ronnie James Dio, going to the Tigers game, and the horrible weather and outcome of the U of M game we attended.
We have also had many trials and tribulations since our arrival. Months and months and months of unemployment did not help our emotional well-being or bank account. We knew what we were getting into, moving to Detroit in December of 2008, but it still took its toll.
My biggest trial has been sharing a car with my husband. The husband and I share our fabulous 2001 mini-van. And by share, I mean that my husband uses it all the time and I get dropped off and picked up like a teenager. It truly sucks. Not only do I get stranded at home quite often but also I miss out on social situations and covering events for Detroit Moxie. This needs to be fixed.
Anyway, I decided not to talk about all that today.
Saturday night after attending the awesome Mayer Hawthorne gig at the Magic Stick we found our car had been broken into. The passenger side window was smashed to bits and glass was everywhere.
The thieving rats only took our GPS, $60 of goods we just bought, and our bag of quarters that we keep in the glove box to feed those pesky meters.
My stupid husband had most of his tools in the car. His tools are his livelihood. He dotes on them. They are a part of his soul. And they didn't get stolen. We are very fortunate.
I shiver just thinking about all the whinging I'd be hearing if they took his blessed tools.
But no, the post isn't about that either. What is it about then? The comments and the Detroit bashing I've heard since the break-in pissed me off, you know, “well, you WERE in Detroit.” Ugg!
Yes, my car got broken into while we were in Detroit. People, cars get broken into everywhere! My friend Beverly Cornell recently had her laptop stolen from her car, ON HER DRIVEWAY, in Madison Heights. Miraculously, she got it back due to an angel. Seriously, if it happened today we'd be calling it a Christmas miracle.
Crime happens everywhere and more so in big cities.
While living in Chicago, my apartment got broken into two days before Christmas. I was in the apartment at the time, sleeping off a hangover from the Christmas party the night before. It took me awhile to realize what was happening but I scared the intruder away. He did, oddly, get away with my plunger.
Also in Chicago, my car got broken into. Same situation as here, the passenger side window was smashed. Luckily, there was nothing in it to steal.
Oh, and Milwaukee, have I got stories about Milwaukee!
My college sweetheart had a soft top Jeep. It didn't even have door locks; this Jeep didn't even have keyholes! People would bend back the plastic windows to get in the car. Or, they'd cut through the soft top. Just open the door, ya freaks! It's open! But no, they were so stupid that they had to cause damage to get into the vehicle.
The big winner was the person who knew they could just open the door. They also figured out they could pop the hood. We found a Danish sitting on the engine one day. It was quite a nice looking Danish too! No, we didn't eat it.
Did I mention that I lived a few blocks away from the psycho Jeffrey Dahmer while he was cannibalizing young men in Milwaukee? Yep, it's true.
Bad things happen everywhere. This was a small inconvenience.
Am I going to stop going into Detroit? Hell no! I'm going to keep on embracing this city, just like I have been doing. Things happen. We move on. We get back up.
You want to know what I'm most annoyed about? I only had that damn Garmin lady out of my life for one day. She was replaced today, an early Christmas present for the husband.
World leaders, businesses, scientists and charities join in urging the US president not to abandon the global accord
World leaders, businesses, investors, scientists and development charities have joined in urging Donald Trump not to withdraw the US from the Paris climate change agreement.
The US president is due to announce his decision at 3pm ET on Thursday and is expected to pull the world's largest economy, and second greatest polluter, from the global accord agreed unanimously by almost 200 nations in 2015.
The agreement to fight global warming is based on voluntary pledges to cut greenhouse emissions but Trump has argued this could damage the US economy. However, a huge range of US business leaders argue the opposite, saying the fast-growing green economy is an opportunity for the US.
Twenty-five leading companies, including Apple, Facebook, Google, Levi Strauss and Unilever, are running an advert in the US media on Thursday, urging Trump not to abandon the Paris deal. They say the accord's “stable and practical framework” creates jobs and is good for business.
China and EU strengthen commitment to Paris deal with US poised to step away Read more
More than 1,000 other US companies and investors, including DuPont, eBay and Nike, have also backed the Paris deal, saying: “Failure to build a low-carbon economy puts American prosperity at risk.” The Tesla boss, Elon Musk, said he had urged Trump to back Paris and would resign from two presidential advisory bodies he serves on.
World leaders also stated their commitment to the Paris deal, with China's premier Li Keqiang saying on Thursday that fighting climate change was a “global consensus” and an “international responsibility”. The EU and China have forged a new alliance on climate change, stating on Wednesday that the Paris deal had their “highest political commitment”.
Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, tweeted at Trump on Thursday: “Please don't change the (political) climate for the worse.” Trump was isolated on the climate issue at a recent G7 summit in Italy.
Malcolm Turnbull, the prime minister of Australia, which has in the past opposed climate action, said the country would remain steadfast in its support for the Paris agreement. Russia has said it attaches “great significance” to the Paris deal. On Tuesday the UN secretary general, António Guterres, warned that if Trump withdrew from the Paris deal there could be negative economic, security and societal consequences for the US.
Trump's own secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, has said the US should remain in the Paris accord, as has the man who replaced Tillerson as CEO of ExxonMobil. Another key Trump adviser, Gary Cohn, director of the White House National Economic Council, noted recently the large rise in renewable energy in the US. “If you think about how much solar and how much wind power we've created in the US, we can be a manufacturing powerhouse and still be environmentally friendly.”
Trump himself once backed climate action, signing a 2009 letter to Barack Obama that stated: “Please allow us, the USA, to serve in modeling the change necessary to protect humanity and our planet.”
Development NGOs warned that a US withdrawal from the Paris agreement would harm those in poor countries who had contributed least to the problem.
“This will have very serious consequences for millions around the world, whose lives are on the line because of climate change,” said Heather Coleman, of Oxfam America. “Pulling out of the Paris agreement [would be] a huge embarrassment that puts the US in the same camp as Nicaragua and Syria – the only two states who are not party to the agreement.”
Scientists have also joined calls for the US to remain. Prof Gabi Hegerl, of the University of Edinburgh in Scotland, said: “We know that to limit warming and the impacts it causes, we need to limit the total amount of carbon added to the atmosphere. This can only be done if the world economies work together. If Paris is abandoned or weakened, I fear for the future of our children.”
If Trump does pull the US from the Paris deal, US city mayors have said they will abide by it nonetheless. The New York City mayor, Bill de Blasio, said on Twitter: “The president withdrawing from the Paris agreement would be horribly destructive for the planet, the country, and this city. He should know that climate change is a dagger aimed straight at the heart of New York City.”
Paris climate deal: what was agreed and does it matter if US withdraws? Read more
The mayor of Paris, Anne Hidalgo, who chairs a group of 40 major cities, said: “No matter what decision is made by the White House, cities are honouring their responsibilities to implement the Paris agreement. There is no alternative for the future of our planet”
Analysts have warned that a US withdrawal could see carbon taxes placed on US exports in the future. Richard Black, director of the UK's Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit, said: “A pullout would widen the diplomatic rift with Europe that emerged at the G7 summit and could even lead to trade barriers being erected against US exports.”
There are few voices supporting Trump, but Bjørn Lomborg, a Danish scientist, said: “The carbon-cutting treaty approach has failed politically and economically for two decades. It is an incredibly expensive distraction from the green energy R&D investment that is needed to solve climate change.”
In Australia, Craig Kelly, the Liberal party chair of the parliament's environment committee, backed US withdrawal, saying: “It's not confirmed yet but we have the champagne on ice.”
California native Kaiser won the Lights title this season in what was his third year in the category, receiving a $1million scholarship from Mazda to assemble a partial IndyCar programme.
The 21-year-old has now been confirmed for a four-race programme with Ricardo Juncos' outfit. It will span the category's two Indianapolis races – the road course event and the Indy 500 – and two other, yet-to-be-confirmed events.
"I'm very excited to be moving up to the Verizon IndyCar Series with Juncos Racing," Kaiser said.
"Juncos has been a huge part of my recent success in the Mazda Road to Indy. I have the utmost confidence in Ricardo's program moving forward and I'm very thankful to everyone involved for making this possible."
The move represents further progress for Juncos' ongoing expansion into IndyCar, after the team made its series debut in the Indy 500 last year.
In that race, Juncos fielded two Dallara DW12-Honda cars - for Sebastian Saavedra and its 2015 Indy Lights champion Spencer Pigot, the pair finishing 15th and 18th respectively.
Speaking about Kaiser's announcement, Juncos said: "This is what our mission is at Juncos Racing, to take drivers to the next level in their career.
"We began with Kyle in the Pro Mazda series back in 2014 and then took him to the Indy Lights series, where he had three years to grow into the driver he is today.
"Each season, Kyle showed tremendous progress on and off track. That hard work and dedication paid off this past season with Kyle winning the Indy Lights championship.
"That Kyle has decided to return to the team for his first run in the Verizon IndyCar Series shows his confidence in our organization.
"Kyle and his family have been a part of the Juncos Racing family for a long time and I am thrilled to be a part of this time in his career and look forward to helping him be a successful driver next year in the Verizon IndyCar Series."
If you're the type that doesn't like ruining surprises, be cautious of the Game of Thrones spoilers today, in light of S7E6 being leaked early by third party vendors to HBO's Nordic and España divisions.
Instead, check out these preview images courtesy of HBO:
“Beyond the Wall” brings us into the far North once again, with Jon Snow and his “Fellowship of the Wight” on the hunt for a wight; the scheming at Winterfell between Littlefinger, Sansa and Arya continued; a conversation between Tyrion and Daenerys, perhaps about her feelings towards Jon Snow or the recent execution of the Tarly line; and oh yeah, the other dragons, not just Drogon, look to be making an appearance as well.
Game of Thrones S7E6 “Beyond the Wall” airs Sunday, August 20th on HBO.
Update: HBO has confirmed the name of the episode is “Beyond the Wall,” not “Death is the Enemy” as we originally reported. This article has been updated to reflect the correction.
There are many things to be stressed out about these days. Homework, tests, and projects are added to the list of things that cause stress in high school and beyond. Extreme amounts of stress, which often occur among teens, can lead to ways of coping with things that are not only unhealthy, but also dangerous.
Some resort to drugs, alcohol, and bad relationships with others to deal with these stresses. These things bring about long-term damage to the person and it is much more effective to use other methods in coping with pressures.
*According to the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry eating and exercising regularly may help to decrease stress. Also, one must avoid excess caffeine or any alcohol, tobacco, and illegal drugs. In addition, relaxation exercises (like abdominal breathing and muscle relaxation techniques) may help alleviate stress. One of the most effective ways might be breaking large assignment into smaller, easier tasks. Being positive and avoiding negative self-thought is yet another way of minimizing stress. Finally taking breaks when possible help in relaxation.
As previously mentioned, in the movie The Guru of Go, the coach Paul Westhead goes through many problems in order to perfect his system of playing basketball to win championships. He is often let down but never gives up on his players and his team. That is the kind of perseverance that is needed to complete tasks and be successful academically and in other ways as well.
*Information from the paragraph marked with an asterisk were taken but not directly copied from the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry website (http://www.aacap.org/AACAP/Families_and_Youth/Facts_for_Families/Facts_for_Families_Pages/Helping_Teenagers_With_Stress_66.aspx).
Advertisements
Here's an interesting guest topic from Jo Clendon:
Do you cycle with kids? Do you sometimes let them ride on the footpath? Perhaps you've seen or heard in the news about my campaign to make cycling on the footpaths legal for children, their accompanying adults, seniors and the disabled. If not, you can watch or read about it here.
{Editor's note: recall our previous post about where you can or can't legally ride your bike}
This is a topic that has sparked some great debate. For me, as a parent, it is about keeping our kids safe. I've included the seniors and disabled in there too, because I can see a need there also. I hope to engage them (or their advocates) to speak on their own behalf and represent their needs. I know people have some real concerns about whether the footpath is the right place for kids on bikes. I can understand that. I just feel it is a better place for kids than the road. I explain the reasons why and address some of the concerns and objections in this YouTube video presentation.
If this is a topic that interests you you can follow progress on Facebook. If you would like to understand more in detail, including the research I reference, then I'm happy to share links to that information with you. This is democracy in action, and there will be people who support this, and those don't, that's all good. If you do support it, please sign the petition at change.org.
What do you think of a change to allow kids to legally ride on the footpath?
Home News Cedar Point announces new floorless roller coaster; Hotel Breakers transforms with modern makeover
Cedar Point announces new floorless roller coaster; Hotel Breakers transforms with modern makeover
Standup coaster to be transformed into floorless roller coaster for 2015
Cedar Point Press Release
SANDUSKY, Ohio (Sept. 18, 2014) – Cedar Point, The Roller Coaster Capital of the World!®, will introduce a dynamically new riding experience when it unleashes Rougarou™ in the spring of 2015!
Named after a terrifying werewolf-like creature in French folklore, Rougarou [roo-guh-roo] feeds on screams and lurks in and around the swampy lagoon at the center of the park, shared with other coasters like Iron Dragon and Top Thrill Dragster.
Rougarou's floorless trains will take riders on an epic journey at speeds reaching 60 mph as their feet dangle just inches above the track and the murky waters below. The trains will be manufactured by Bolliger & Mabillard, Monthey, Switzerland, the same team behind rides like Raptor and GateKeeper, and will transform the ride experience dramatically while utilizing the structure and track of the former Mantis roller coaster.
The ride begins with a climb to the top of the 145-foot-tall first hill, providing amazing views of the Cedar Point skyline. After reaching the apex, the trains will make a 180-degree turn to the right and plummet 137 feet, at a 52-degree angle, to within inches above the water. Thrill-seekers caught in Rougarou's grasp will then be flipped upside-down by a 119-foot-tall vertical loop, spun around a 103-foot-tall dive loop, whipped around a highly-banked 360-degree turn and then twisted upside-down again by the world's only inclined loop on a floorless coaster, angled at a wicked 45 degrees. Just when guests think the ride is over, the steel beast will take them through a 360-degree flat spin, tight and twisty turns and a figure-eight finale. Riders must be 54” tall to ride Rougarou.
“Rougarou is going to be a fantastic addition to our coaster lineup and our guests are going to love it,” said Jason McClure, vice president and general manager of Cedar Point. “With the swampy waters below, the vibrant colors of the supports and track, lighting and other effects, it will be a ride like no other at the park.”
2015 will also mark the debut of the newly-renovated Hotel Breakers. Located along the mile-long Cedar Point Beach, Hotel Breakers will complete its two-year transformation into the ultimate resort destination. Along with a new exterior, the modernized hotel will have a new entrance portal, classic interior finishes, newly-furnished and remodeled rooms with LCD TV's, new furniture, bedding and décor, and many other amenities and offerings. Additional enhancements include a new Starbucks and the Surf Lounge bar inside the famous rotunda, widened exterior green space with panoramic views of Lake Erie and an outdoor water play area with zero depth entry and splash features.
“We want to provide a well-rounded and complete vacation experience for our guests, and the enhancements at the Hotel Breakers will help them have just that,” said Jason McClure. “It will have a fun and fresh feel, is steps away from the park and it's a great place to start new family traditions.”
Other amenities include two pools and Jacuzzis, access to the Cedar Point Beach and Boardwalk, a gift shop, arcade, exercise room, three restaurants, Early Entry (access to some of the biggest rides and coasters before the park opens to the general public), discounted Cedar Point admission tickets, complimentary Wi-Fi and the comfort and convenience of staying right next to the rides and roller coasters of Cedar Point. Reservations for the 2015 season can be placed now online at cedarpoint.com/hotelbreakers or by phone at (419) 627-2106.
The charming waterfront hotel first opened its doors in 1905 as the “largest and greatest hotel on the Great Lakes.” Known for its breathtaking views and cool summer breezes, Hotel Breakers has been an important part of any complete Cedar Point experience. Notable guests over the years have included celebrities such as sharpshooter Annie Oakley, comedians Abbott and Costello, composer John Philip Sousa and six U.S. presidents, including Franklin D. Roosevelt and Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Located on a sandy peninsula along the shore of Lake Erie, Cedar Point has been named as one of the best amusement parks in the world by USA Today, TripAdvisor, The Travel Channel and more. Cedar Point's amazing lineup of roller coasters has received top billing by CBS News, Time magazine, the Los Angeles Times and many more.
Whether you're a fan of professional wrestling or not, there's a good chance you've heard of “Rowdy” Roddy Piper.
In the 1980s, the kilt-wearing Scot took popular culture by storm alongside Hulk Hogan, Andre the Giant, “Macho Man” Randy Savage and the rest of Vince McMahon's larger than life World Wrestling Federation (WWF) superstars. As both a hero and villain, the charismatic Piper became a household name, amassed dozens of championships (in multiple organizations) and ultimately became one of the business' most revered icons.
However, Piper's fame and notoriety is not confined within the ropes of the squared-circle. The “Hot Rod” is also an accomplished actor, and most notably starred in John Carpenter's 1988 sci-fi classic “They Live.”
The film, which will be celebrated during a 25th anniversary screening at Philadelphia's Awesome Fest, stars Piper as Nada, a mysterious loner who arrives in Los Angeles and discovers sunglasses that reveal a portion of Earth's inhabitants to be aliens in disguise. What's worse, the aliens have hidden subliminal messages in our billboards, TV shows, magazines – even money – that help manifest a greedy, materialistic, obedient society.
I recently spoke to the “Rowdy One” himself, and asked him about his legendary wrestling career, brawling on the big screen, aliens among us and his iconic catchphrase: “I have come here to chew bubble gum and kick a**. And I'm all out of bubble gum.”
David Onda: Did you ever expect to attend a 25th anniversary screening of “They Live”?
“Rowdy” Roddy Piper: No. This movie just keeps growing and growing. I saw [costar] Keith David, maybe, a week and a half ago, and we were just talking about – this movie keeps getting bigger instead of going away. It seems like new generations keep catching on to it.
Onda: Do you ever encounter people who know you just from this movie and not from pro-wrestling?
Piper: I do now, yes. Actually, there was a couple that didn't know I wrestled at all and just knew me from the movies. Not many, but it's growing, you know, because I've stopped wrestling.
Onda: “They Live” seems to have just as much relevance today as it did in 1988 – a country in peril, big brother is watching, hackers abound. It still resonates.
Piper: You know, when we did it, it was about Reaganomics, but it was also a political statement [about] where our society is headed. Right now, what they're trying to do in society is got rid of all cash money so you just have a chip and everything is on your chip. Well, that's full control. If you go on an airplane right now, they won't take cash anymore. They actually say, “We're a cashless airplane.” Wait a second? You won't take cash? That's “OBEY. THIS IS YOUR GOD.” I think this movie is a statement of “keep our freedom,” and I believe everybody gets that from it no matter what generation.
Onda: Is it true you were cast in this movie after meeting John Carpenter at Wrestlemania III?
Piper: [laughs] The guy who was managing me at the time, Dave Wolfe, said, “I want you have dinner with this guy.” I never heard of him, but that's my bad, you know? 'Cause I had been fighting pro since I was 15, I was rolling pretty hard. And he said, “Ok, after [Wrestlemania is] over, after it's over.” So we sat down and, I'm trying not to be too facetious, but it was pretty close to this – “Could you pass me the butter? You want a roll? Yeah. Want to star in my next movie? Sure. Can I have some more champagne? Sure.” It wasn't much more than that, really.
Onda: As a wrestler who was constantly on the road, was it easy to relate to the nomadic Nada character?
Piper: Yes. I had literally quit my profession on top, and spent hours with John. And the character, Nada – the important part about him was that you didn't know anything about him. So he designed it after myself, because nobody knows anything about me before I was 15. Even the book I wrote, I started it at 15. Nada had a wedding ring on. And he walked into town. You didn't know where he came from, you didn't know where he was going, you really didn't know why he was there, you didn't know if he was running away or running to, and that made him almost the consummate American.
Onda: You were obviously very familiar with performing and playing a character in the ring, but was there anything about performing in a movie that caught you off-guard?
Piper: You know, this is what caught me off-guard. I learned the hard way. When I left wrestling, they were very angry at me, like I was abandoning wrestling, because I was a main draw. When I went to Hollywood and the movies, they were very angry at me. “Oh, great, another jock thinks he's gonna act.” So, I went to acting class and took it real serious. And I learned this – wrestling and acting are two almost opposite arts. One is explosion, the other is implosion. And it's actually very hard for us. If I'm fighting in Madison Square Garden, the 30th row has to see me. If I did that on a huge screen, you'd walk out of the theater. It was very difficult to come around, but once you catch on, it's great.
Onda: Your fight scene with Keith David is epic, and still regarded as one of the best fight scenes in film. Did you have a hand in choreographing any of that?
Piper: Jeff Imada was the stunt coordinator, and he's gone on to coordinate a lot of good fights and he's a great guy, but the fight, basically, was almost just kind of Roddy Piper street fight with Roddy Piper wrestling moves in it. I heard, now, that when they go to theater, they shout out the moves – “suplex!” – which is very cool. John Carpenter asked me to watch “The Quiet Man” with John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara, and at that time, that was the longest fight scene in cinema history. But that was a fight scene between two enemies. John wanted the longest fight scene in cinema history between two friends. That's what made this one, not only more difficult, but it had to match the arc of the script. And where it does that is where I swung a two-by-four at him and missed and took out a window, and then realized I'd almost severely hurt my friend. And he gets mad and he busts a wine bottle and comes after me, but ends up cutting his own hand. And that makes me laugh and makes him madder and then he dives and we go over the car. So, those beats in it were very important because it showed, even during the fight, that these guys kind of cared for each other. I think it's still the longest fight in cinema history.
Onda: Now 25 years later – given the choice between kicking a** and simply buying more bubble gum, which would you do?
Piper: Haaa. There are some weekends I'd like to be out of bubble gum. Sometimes with McMahon. [laughs] But I try to keep plenty of bubble gum in stock, because I've got four of the most beautiful children in the world, I've been married 30 years, and I'm not such a hot shot there. I prefer bubble gum.
Onda: Did you really ad-lib that line?
Piper: Yeah. I couldn't tell you what it really means either. It was one of those – “Roddy, you've got bullets on you, you've got a shotgun, you've got sunglasses, you go into a bank, you're not gonna rob it, say something … action!” I'm all out of bubblegum. Lunch! That was it. No more than that. I know, it's crazy.
Onda: Do you believe in any paranormal beings walking among us, like the aliens in “They Live”?
Piper: I'm not so closed-minded as to think we're just here by ourselves. For any man to think that we're just here alone would be short-minded. Just my opinion. But I do believe they walk amongst us, yes sir.
Onda: Did you save a pair of your alien-spotting sunglasses from the movie?
Piper: Yes! [laughs] I did. I'll tell you a secret. When John did “Big Trouble in Little China” with Kurt Russell, there's a scene with the 18-wheeler … if you look at those glasses, they had a whole bunch of those glasses left over. That's the glasses we used in “They Live.” And, yes, I have a couple of a pair of the original glasses.
Onda: Many people have nightmares about their job. Do wrestlers have occupational nightmares, and what do they dream about?
Piper: Depending on what stage of wrestling you're at – if you're at the stage where you're still drinking a case of beer at night, you're probably not dreaming about anything. I'll tell you one thing that will bother a wrestler. This is back in the day. If it was tonight and I knew tomorrow I had to wrestle somebody with a 60-minute time-limit and it was gonna go a long time, that's the kinds of thing we dream of. Those are very scary statements to professional wrestlers – “You're gonna have to go 60 minutes tonight.” They don't really do it anymore. Sometimes, like, the coconut incident – I tossed and turned about that a little bit. When I got stabbed, I tossed and turned about that a little bit. But, no, not too much. You're going so hard. In real time, you're all over the world and you're just so happy to get some sleep.
Onda: What was the moment in your pro-wrestling career when you knew you had made it?
Piper: Wrestlemania III. Wrestlemania III was 93,000 people in the Pontiac Silverdome. They had a cart on wheels, a little ring, to take us to the real ring. When it came back, I was behind the curtain and McMahon was there and, I don't know, the cart wasn't working or they were fixing something. McMahon was trying to hold me back and I just bolted. When I ran down there, holy cow, you couldn't hear yourself. I got in the ring and I can remember Gorilla Monsoon and Jesse Ventura at ringside saying, “I can't hear you.” They stood and gave me an ovation that I'll never forget and always be grateful for.
See “Rowdy” Roddy Piper host a Philadelphia Awesome Fest screening of “They Live” at The Trocadero Theatre on July 21, starting at 8 p.m. The screening will be followed by a special Q & A.
The opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of Comcast.
The opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of Comcast.
The Stars will open the 2016-17 regular season at home on Friday, Oct. 6 against the Vegas Golden Knights, the first regular season game in the history of the Golden Knights franchise. The home schedule features a matchup against the back-to-back Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins on Friday, Feb. 9, two contests against the Chicago Blackhawks on Saturday, Dec. 2 and Thursday, Dec. 21, the traditional New Year's game on Sunday, Dec. 31 against the San Jose Sharks and one contest against every Eastern Conference opponent.
Single game tickets for 2017-18 regular season Dallas Stars games at American Airlines Center will go on sale on Tuesday, Aug. 15 at 10 a.m. CT. Tickets will be available at DallasStars.com or by calling 214-GO-STARS. All Dallas Stars Insiders will receive a special pre-sale on Monday, Aug. 14. To sign up for the Insider e-newsletter, visit DallasStars.com/Insider .
Tickets for Jere Lehtinen's number retirement night on Friday, Nov. 24 against the Calgary Flames are not yet available for sale on a single game basis. Tickets for this game can be guaranteed with the purchase of a 10-game plan, half season plan, or full season tickets.
The Stars also announced that the print-at-home (PDF) ticket delivery option will be eliminated for the 2017-18 season. The default setting for tickets purchased on DallasStars.com or Ticketmaster.com will be mobile delivery. Accommodations can be made for alternative ticket delivery options, not including print-at-home.
The club will once again use variable pricing structure for all individual game tickets. Along with variable pricing, the Stars use dynamic pricing, which allows for the price of an individual ticket to change over the course of the season to reflect market demand. Fans may access preferred pricing, avoid fees, and qualify for exclusive benefits with Full Season Tickets, Half Season Tickets, or a 10-Game Plan.
For more information or to purchase individual tickets, group tickets, or ticket plans, visit DallasStars.com or call 214-GO-STARS.
You have heard of Dropbox, Google Drive, pCloud, etc. Most likely, you also have a cloud storage app installed on your phone and who's to blame you. Cloud storage is simply convenient and more available by the hour. Today, you can choose between hundreds options, both free and paid.
Although it might be enough for you to use your pCloud.com as a warehouse for your photos, movies, documents and other digital files, cloud storage is capable of a lot more.
In this post, I'll talk about how you can utilize your cloud storage service to download torrents fast and definitely a lot easier.
Why Download Torrents Directly To The Cloud
Many people enjoy downloading movies, software, games and music from across the web so that they can view their favorite media anytime they want.
The problem, though, is that downloading files from the internet can be an issue for mobile devices. Plus, even when you access them from a computer, you can't avoid the risk of getting a virus.
A challenge that you will face with mobile devices is that they often have a limited amount of data that you can use each month, so downloading files to smartphones and tablets is not always possible.
After enlisting the services of Transfercloud, you will have the power to download torrents to pCloud.com account, not your device.
In addition to faster download speeds, you can also stream torrents from your account to any device.
On one side you have the file sharing protocol ‘bittorrent' and ‘torrent files' through which you download content. On the other side, you have cloud storage – the unlimited space, where you can keep all your files.
On first sight, it seems almost impossible to connect the two.
What would you usually do if you wanted to move your torrent in the cloud?
Normally, to download a file from the BitTorrent network, you need a Torrent client, like µTorrent, qBittorrent or other. The software must be installed and run on your computer, raising some concerns regarding your privacy and security.
You would have to download your files first to your computer, then take those files and upload them again, wasting both your upload and download bandwidth. Also, most ISPs limit their uploads speeds, so you are limited by the slowest one!
With Transfercloud's easy integration with the BitTorrent network, you can download any Torrent file. You will never need to worry about malware, and you will be able to download any file faster than you once thought possible.
Our days are dynamic. We're constantly on the go and most often, we would like to spend our time NOT waiting for slow magnetic downloads. It would be so much more convenient to just download torrent files directly to your cloud account, and luckily – there is a way.
Transfercloud.io For Easy And Safe Torrent Download
Transfercloud.io is a convenient service, which enables users to automatically download torrent files to their cloud storage accounts.
Unlike similar services like BitTorrent and uTorrent, Transfercloud.io downloads the content directly onto the company servers and immediately afterwards syncs it between your cloud storage accounts.
No time wasted and no local disk space needed. You can download torrents when you're home, from the office or even the park.
The service is really simple to use.
You can register for a 7-day trial, which gives you unlimited transfer speed. You can download 10 files, which are less than 3 GB per day.
Every time you log in Transfercloud.io, you will see your Dashboard. You can either paste your torrent link at the dedicated bar, or upload your torrent directly. Once you got that ready, you can start your download immediately.
You'll be able to see your ongoing downloads in the Active Transfers section and you will be able to edit or delete your torrents there.
My files, which you can find in your Dashboard is where you can create folders and organize all of your complete downloads.
How To Set Up pCloud Cloud Storage With Transfercloud.io
Here's how you can set up your pCloud storage account with Transfercloud.io
Step 1: Open your Transfercloud.io profile and go to the Cloud section
You will see a list of all the cloud storage apps you can use with the service. Currently, Transfercloud.io has integrated only a few cloud apps officially, but you can still access your other accounts through WebDav and FTP (if they support it, of course).
Step 2: Choose your cloud storage service
In my example, I use pCloud. The cloud storage service is one of my personal favorites, and among all the perks it offers, is its WebDav support.
Go to the last choice in the list of cloud sync options and click on Add. (WebDAV Server ->Add)
Step 3: Enter your credentials
This step is pretty self-explanatory. After you choose your service of choice and click Add, you will be redirected to a page, where you will be required to enter your cloud storage login credentials.
Your pCloud account details are your WebDav credentials, so it looks like:
MyWeb Dav Server ->put your note (for example pcloud)
WebDav URL -> https://www.pcloud.com
WebDav Username -> your email registered with pCloud
WebDav Password -> your pCloud password
Step 4: Save your torrents in the cloud
Once you've covered step 3, it's time to start saving torrents directly to your cloud storage account.
Return to your Dashboard. From the Add Torrents window, click on “Add Cloud Savepoint” . I am using pCloud's WebDav support, so I will choose the service as my savepoint.
Now every torrent I download will be automatically synced with pCloud.
So, the torrent file was copied super fast, easy and secure to your pCloud account.
You can download the file, share it, stream it (from your computer, tablet or phone), whatever is your choice .
How pCloud Works And Benefits
pCloud has been in the market for a while and is a personal favorite. The service is a perfect blend between great features and top-notch security.
It starts with up to 20 GB of storage for free. It is currently the fastest provider on the market, claiming download and upload speed 5 times faster than competing services like Dropbox.
One of the great things about the service is the desktop app – pCloud Drive.
It works as a virtual drive on the user's device so basically I can have up to 2 TB extra for my laptop, which I can use to save and edit files.
Currently, pCloud has apps for all major desktop and mobile operating systems, which makes access to my digital collection super convenient.
If you're interested in checking pCloud out, don't hesitate to do so!
Try pCloud Now
Buy Photo Hundreds lined the beach north of the Cocoa Beach Pier to watch the night launch. The Orbital ATK's Cygnus spacecraft lifts off atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V rocket from Launch Complex 41 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Tuesday night on a resupply mission to the International Space Station. Three minute 10 second time exposure of launch. AP/Malcolm Denemark/Florida Today (Photo: MALCOLM DENEMARK/FLORIDA TODAY)Buy Photo
The Space Coast could see as many as 32 launches by five different rockets in 2017, the vice commander of the Air Force's 45th Space Wing said Tuesday.
That would easily surpass the 23 launch operations supported in 2016, the Eastern Range's busiest year in two decades.
“Just a tremendous year,” said Col. Walt Jackim, in a “State of the Wing” presentation to the National Space Club Florida Committee in Cape Canaveral. “It's only going to get busier for us.”
United Launch Alliance is expected to kick off the 2017 campaign with an Atlas V launch next Thursday night, Jan. 19. It's the first of at least seven launches ULA plans from Florida, including six on the Atlas V and one by a Delta IV.
Orbital ATK's Minotaur IV rocket is expected to make a mid-year visit for an Air Force mission, reviving long-dormant Launch Complex 46.
Most of the remainder counts on a banner year from SpaceX, which hopes to resume Falcon 9 launches this month and to debut the long-awaited Falcon Heavy, which will become the world's most powerful rocket.
Those flights will attempt to land the Falcon 9 boosters at sea or, in some cases, on pads at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
SpaceX likely will have two Cape launch pads available for at least part of the year.
The company could make its first flight from historic pad 39A at Kennedy Space Center as soon as Jan. 26, and plans to repair Launch Complex 40 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, which was severely damaged when a Falcon 9 exploded on its launch pad during a Sept. 1 test.
Buy Photo U.S. Air Force Col. Walt Jackim, vice commander of the 45th Space Wing, was the guest speaker at the National Space Club Florida Committee luncheon at the Radisson at the Port on Tuesday. He discussed the ambitious future plans for CCAFS and said there was the potential for 32 launches in 2017. (Photo: MALCOLM DENEMARK/FLORIDA TODAY)
The explosion limited the number of local launches last year, which also had been projected to exceed 30. SpaceX ended up with eight, its most yet in a calendar year.
Launch totals often fall short of projections at the start of the year, as technical issues arise with rockets or spacecraft, or weather events like Hurricane Matthew disrupt plans.
The schedule Jackim presented on Tuesday included a NASA science mission that the agency on the same day confirmed would be delayed to 2018.
The public schedule does not include classified tests of submarine-launched Trident II D5 ballistic missiles, of which there were five last year.
But all indications point to a growing number of launches from Florida over the next five years, as the Cape welcomes newcomers like Blue Origin.
The private firm founded by billionaire Amazon.com CEO Jeff Bezos hopes to launch an orbital New Glenn rocket before the end of the decade.
The company is building a huge rocket factory at Kennedy Space Center's Exploration Park, and recently began work at its future launch site, Launch Complex 36 on the Air Force Station.
Several more companies are developing rockets that eventually could make their way to Space Coast pads or runways. Examples include Rocket Lab, Stratolaunch Systems and Virgin Galactic.
“It is really busy down here,” said Jackim. “And I'm not so sure that the rest of the space community has caught on to that yet.”
Jackim said the Air Force is transforming the Range to be ready to support up to 48 launches annually by 2021.
“We think that that might even be short of what we're going to need when we start to get weekly launches out of here, and maybe even bi-weekly as we start to get human spaceflight back into the launch calendar,” he said.
Prior to Jackim's talk, the space club presented its 2017 Forrest S. McCartney National Defense Space Award to Capt. Joseph Dechert, a flight mission lead for the 5th Space Launch Squadron at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Contact Dean at 321-242-3668 orjdean@floridatoday.com. And follow-on Twitter at@flatoday_jdeanand on Facebook atfacebook.com/jamesdeanspace.
Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/2ifM5X3
NYU and Princeton professor of Russian studies Stephen Cohen told FNC's Tucker Carlson Tuesday night that the baseless accusations of treason against President Trump in the media have become a security threat to the U.S. and could potentially damage any hope of a diplomatic rapprochement, and alliance against Islamic terrorism, with Russia.
When asked if the president could have given unauthorized information to the Russians, Cohen said: "No."
"Nor have I in all these decades ever heard an elected memnber of Congress say that we should have no relations with the Russians at all," he explained. "Presumably that would also include nuclear weapons control?"
"When I see, I guess it was a Democrat... asking what are the Russians doing in the White House anyway? Well they're dealing with President Trump over the national security of our nation. What's at stake here is a proposal by Putin of Russia and Trump of America to join hands in an alliance against international terrorism. And if you had asked me a few days ago: What is the #1 threat to the United States today, I would have said international terrorism. I don't know if you agree, it is certainly up there."
"Today, I would say it is this assault on President Trump. It has been going on a year," he said.
"Can we be clear? What he's being accused of is treason. This has never happened before in America, that there is a Russia agent in the White House. And we have a whole array of allegations from Putin helped him get in the White House, to his associates are doing wrong things with Russians."
"There is no evidence there was any wrongdoing, and indeed Flynn should have talked to the Russian ambassador. That was his job. This is beyond belief now... This has become a national security threat to us in and of itself,"he explained.
"Two motives have dirven this false narrative about Trump, that he is somehow a Kremlin agent. There have been two forces. One is the Clinton wing of the Democratic Party, which doesn't want to admit she lost the election... and that may be because she wants to run again.... At the same time, there has long been in Washington, let's call it the fourth branch of government -- the intelligence services, who have opposed any rapprochement or cooperation with Russia."
"Remember, in 2016, President Obama worked out a deal with Russian president Vladimir Putin, for military cooperation in Syria. He said he was going to share intelligence with Russia, the way Trump and the Russians were supposed to do the other day. Our Department of Defense said they wouldn't share intelligence, and a few days later, they killed Syrian soldiers ["by accident"] violating the agreement, and that was that," he explained.
"So we can ask: Who is making our foreign policy in Washington today?"
Host Tucker Carlson presses him to explain and Cohen says: "You and I have to ask a subversive question. Are there really three branches of government. Or is there a fourth branch of government? These intel services? What we know for a fact, Obama tried not very hard, but he tried for a military alliance with Putin in Syria against terrorism, but it was sabotaged by the Department of Defense and its allies in the intelligence services. Trump sais on the campaign trail, 'Wouldn't it be great to cooperate with Russia?' My answer is, it would be great. And Trump wants that to happen, but he is being thwarted. Every time he gets close, we get a new leak of a story."
Fortec Motrosports' Oliver York takes first single-seater win of career.
Team-mate Ericsson holds on to third and Ford F4 Challenge Cup win after thrilling display of defensive driving.
Sargeant scores another podium finish.
Title contenders Piastri and Lundqvist collide, as Caroline extends advantage.
13 AUGUST, 2017 – Oliver York took his maiden win in the F4 British Championship certified by FIA – powered by Ford EcoBoost at Knockhill in Round 20 of the season and brought home Fortec Motorsports' first win of the campaign. Carlin's Logan Sargeant chased down York in second, while Hampus Ericsson provided fans with a thrilling display of defensive driving to hold on to the final podium place and claim another Ford F4 Challenge Cup victory for Fortec Motorsports.
Starting alongside poleman Ericsson, Andy Priaulx Sports Management star York wasted no time in finding a way past his team-mate. Despite make an excellent getaway, Ericsson was immediately under pressure after turn one. York didn't need any invitation when the first overtaking opportunity presented itself, scything up the inside of Ericsson to take the lead.
It immediately put Ericsson into the clutches of Sargeant and as the two jostled for second, York set about trying to break away from the field.
Sargeant eventually made a move stick on lap nine after a Safety Car period and despite the American recording the fastest lap on the final tour of the 1.27-mile Fife track, York had enough in hand to masterfully take the first single-seater win of his career.
“It's a big relief to get this first win,” said race winner York. “It's been a long season and we've finally done it. I've worked so hard to achieve this.”
“My game plan was to get past Hampus early on and that's exactly what I did. I saw Hampus get a bad run out of the chicane and I knew that was my chance to strike.
“From then on I tried to pull away. Hampus is good at defending so that helped me create a gap.
“It's fantastic for the team that Hampus got third and really pleasing to see that today we had the speed to win because yesterday that didn't quite look to be the case.
“The team have done a great job. The car has improved all weekend and we've really honed the setup.“
“It was another good race for us, bringing home plenty of championship points with my rivals behind me,” commented Sargeant.
“It took me a little longer than I would have liked to pass Hampus which gave Oliver the chance to get away.
“The move on Hampus was tight, but fair. I sent it up his inside and he was mature enough to give me just enough room.
“We got the fastest lap and we clearly had the speed out there, so next time hopefully we can go one better.
“It's great to be consistently on the podium and now we need to take that final step to win. We're pushing hard and we'll get there.”
The excitement for Ericsson was from over after being passed by Sargeant. The Swede immediately had to contend with Alex Quinn, Ayrton Simmons and Jamie Caroline. The latter having been on the back foot after running wide and off the track on the exit of Taylor's Hairpin on the opening lap which cost him several places.
Ericsson refused to buckle under the pressure, doggedly keeping Quinn at bay, with Caroline and Simmons looming to pick up the pieces while swapping positions repeatedly in the closing stages.
“It feels so good to be on the podium and get another Ford F4 Challenge Cup win. Oliver was so fast too so it's a fantastic result for the team.
“I got a great start, but Oliver found a way through. Before the race we discussed with the team our plan for the race and we agreed not to fight each other hard to maximise the chances of a strong result for Fortec.
“I then had Sargeant attacking me which was tough. I did my best to keep him behind, but he was faster.
“Then I had to defend from the top guys in the championship with Quinn, Simmons and Caroline behind me. It was really intense, but a lot of fun. I worked so hard to get on the podium.”
Linus Lundqvist's luckless weekend continued, despite yet another fine opening lap which saw him make up two places from eighth to get past title rivals Caroline and Oscar Piastri.
Contact with Piastri on the exit of Taylor's Hairpin saw Lundqvist spin out of the race on lap six, Piastri suffer front wing damage and the deployment of the Safety Car.
The latter did well to nurse his car to the finish, being subject to an exhilarating two-pronged attack from Caroline and Richardson Racing's Harry Webb who dived either side of the Aussie to climb up to sixth and seventh.
Lucca Allen was another casualty on lap six. Contact with JHR Developments' Manuel Sulaiman resulting in a trip to the barrier for the Falcon Motorsport driver having been running in 14th, while Sulaiman just missed out on a point score later in the race finishing in 11th.
Patrik Pasma soared up through the order from 16th to finish in the points in 10th, behind Double R's Karl Massaad.
Lights go out for the final race of the weekend this afternoon at 1540 which will be televised live on ITV4.
F4 British Championship certified by FIA – powered by Ford EcoBoost
Provisional results Round 20 Knockhill 13 August 2017
22 laps / 27.87 miles
1 Oliver YORK / GBR / Fortec 20m 27.563s / 81.74mph
2 Logan SARGEANT / USA / Carlin +0.800s
3 Hampus ERICSSON / SWE / Fortec +9.397s
4 Alex QUINN / GBR / Arden +9.746s
5 Ayrton SIMMONS / GBR / Arden +10.345s
6 Jamie CAROLINE / GBR / Carlin +11.562s
7 Harry WEBB / GBR / Richardson +11.760s
8 Oscar PIASTRI / AUS / Arden +13.492s
9 Karl MASSAAD / LEB / Double R +14.073s
10 Patrik PASMA / FIN / Carlin +14.444s etc.
Fastest lap: Logan Sargeant 49.957s / 91.30mph
Ford F4 Challenge Cup: 1 Ericsson; 2 Webb; 3 Caldwell
Full results
A ruling made last September by the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals will remain in place
The US Supreme Court has upheld New Jersey's ban on gay conversion therapy for minors.
The court refused to hear a challenge to the law today, which means that a ruling made last September by the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals will remain in place.
The Court of Appeals said that the ban, which was signed into law in 2013, didn't violate the the free speech or religious rights of those who offer conversion therapy to minors in the state.
This is the second time the Supreme Court has refused to hear an argument on such a law, following the court's dimissal of a similar argument against Florida's ban in 2014.
Conversion therapy, also called reparative therapy, is rejected by all major American medical, psychiatric, psychological and professional counseling organizations.
Earlier this year, a New Jersey judge ruled misrepresenting homosexuality as a disorder in marketing conversion therapy services is consumer fraud.
The 2017 League of Legends World Championship semifinals' first match-up has an air of déja-vu, as SK Telecom T1 and Royal Never Give Up face off Saturday, Oct 27, live at Shanghai. Lee “Faker” Sang-hyeok and Jian “Uzi” Zi-hao have faced one another twice in the world championship bracket stage before. The first time they had met, Faker's team had swept Uzi's Royal Club Huang Zu in the 2013 World Championship finals.
Since then, the two players' legacies have grown and somewhat diverged. The same can be said about their surroundings.
Faker had gone on to assert himself as the best League of Legends player of all-time, or at least of this generation, should League outlast the Unkillable Demon King long enough for another player of similar prodigy to emerge. It is hard to imagine anyone else replicating his (and SK Telecom T1's) dominant streak since 2015, as the team won five domestic split titles in a row until the 2017 summer split and claimed the world cup twice in a row, at the expense of ROX Tigers, Samsung Galaxy, kt Rolster and many more.
In the meantime, Uzi had returned to the world championship a year after his demise at SKT T1's hands, only to lose to Samsung Galaxy White 3-1, then undergo a gradual transformation from a talented player with a tricky character (on OMG) to a reliable moral anchor today. However, he was still considered one of the best AD carries in the world, even in his defeat against SK Telecom T1 in the World Championship quarterfinals in 2016 3-1.
Why the third time could be the charm for Uzi (and Royal):
Unlike its previous iterations, Royal Never Give Up has the talent to take on SK Telecom T1 on a positional standpoint. Since the 3-1 defeat against SKT in 2016, Liu “Mlxg” Shi-yu and Li “xiaohu” Yuan-hao have asserted themselves, one as an assertive jungler, the other as a stable and proficient mid laner. Yan “LetMe” Jun-ze's promotion from the LSPL squad also helped the team stabilize a top lane that suffered from Jang “Looper” Hyeong-seok's departure to North America, and Shi “ming” Sen-ming accepted the mission of keeping Uzi safe.
The latter's mission is of vital importance if RNG is to move past the SKT T1 roadblock, especially in an Ardent Censer meta where Uzi has thrived to the tune of an 11.3 KDA ratio (highest for AD carries at Worlds) and 79.6 percent kill participation ratio (second among AD carries). Combined with xiaohu's impact across the map and Mlxg's willingness to help his lanes thrive at his expense (-5.1 cs differential at the 10-minute mark and -202 gold), cracking the Royal code has proven even more complicated.
The result of RNG's growth over the year is a squad whose team fights have been on point, as the front line has been able to buy enough time for Uzi to wreak havoc on Twitch and Tristana despite occasionally being a flanker. The matter says volumes about RNG's ability to reach that point (rather than getting obliterated in lane), whether it involves picking front-line combinations such as Galio and Jarvan IV, or the ever-reliable jungle Sejuani (5.8 KDA and three wins over three games) to pair with damage-centric options in the mid lane such as Syndra and Ryze – the latter providing more flanking opportunities and possibly becoming a contested pick.
Considering the squad's heavy emphasis on scaling during the laning phase and on objective takedowns (sometimes involving Teleports from the solo laners), RNG ought only to set Uzi (and xiaohu when applicable) up. However, the team is not without flaws, as it has occasionally overstayed – a matter that spelled its undoing against Fnatic in Game 3 of the quarterfinals, and that spelled Edward Gaming's undoing against SKT on Week 2 of Worlds.
Moreover, its reliance on Uzi has been tested against G2 Esports in the group stage, when G2 ensured that its roaming parties in the bottom lane were left uncontested long enough for him to be neutralized. The latter's flanks in convoluted terrain (e.g. blue-side jungle) have occasionally been predictable, resulting in his inability to provide damage in a timely manner. More importantly, the team has had lapses in vision over opposite teams' jungle sides, at times in dramatic manners, a matter that a top-caliber jungler would exploit mercilessly.
Why SK Telecom T1 is fully prepared (and then some) to murder RNG:
SK Telecom T1 has gradually become more threatening as time went on in the World Championship. Despite its apparent bouts of weakness in the group stage (e.g.: its match-ups against EDG) and the massive scare it received against a Misfits squad that was 150hp away from going to the semifinals, SKT T1 is ready for anything RNG may have prepared for it and might even consider upping the ante in terms of bot lane aggression.
For SKT T1 to have an easier experience, it may have to resort to Kang “Blank” Sun-gu's prowess from the start. Blank's vision control over the river in the early game allows Faker to play aggressively in a safe manner, opening him for interventions in the side lanes (one of which is Uzi's domain). The matter would benefit SKT T1's bot lane if Lee “Wolf” Jae-wan selects a teamfight-oriented option such as Braum and Alistar or the pick options that nearly undid SKT against Misfits (i.e. Blitzcrank, Leona and Thresh), instead of the Ardent Censer picks.
However, the biggest benefactor is Heo “Huni” Seung-hoon, who would be free to pick damage-oriented picks such as Jayce (4.4 KDA in victories) and Rumble (on which he has an 83.7 percent career win rate), as well as play more aggressively in lane on Trundle (unless SKT T1 flexes it to create mismatches for Huni to begin with). Considering LetMe's overreliance on front line picks (minus Camille and Renekton), SKT T1 could pave the way for Huni to establish dominance in lane and Teleport to a lane in need in order to initiate an irreversible snowball effect.
Should SKT T1 still face heavy opposition in the top lane (in the shape of constant lane-swapping to mirror Huni's location past the laning phase), it has the ability to recover from deficits as heavy as 10k gold, as it has consistently established vision around relevant objectives when the time called for it, or cleared enough vision to set up flanks. Considering its top-notch team-fighting prowess (with Wolf or Huni initiating fights, and with Bae “Bang” Jun-sik and Faker exploiting gaps in enemy formations), SKT T1 would be able to slow down the tempo of a game and throw it back to team fights.
The challenge, for SKT T1, would be to prevent Uzi from taking over, taking under account RNG's Teleport-happy demeanor when the latter is in danger. Considering the wealth of options in its hands (Blank interventions, Faker roams on Taliyah and Ryze, Huni Teleports when ahead, and Misfits-like support options), the task is less arduous than it sounds.
Disclaimer : The following article was written freely based on the author's opinion, and it may not necessarily represent Inven Global's editorial stance.
About the Author :
Adel Chouadria is an esports writer by day, and a jack-of-all-trades by night. In the League of Legends scene, he has worked on projects ranging from live ticker updates to statistics gathering, but his calling has always been writing. Once a Counter-Strike fan, he has moved on to appreciate all types of games, including LoL, Rocket League and StarCraft II. Adel seeks to serve his audience by providing a different look into players, coaches and teams, as well as interacting in silly and personable ways on Twitter at @AdelChouadria.
CTV Vancouver Island
BC Ferries will impose a lifetime ban on a man accused of jumping from a moving vessel into Active Pass earlier this month.
The man, who has not been identified, reportedly untied a 100-person life raft on the Victoria-bound Coastal Celebration on Nov. 4.
Witnesses say he then leaped off the vessel into the water, bringing the ferry to a halt while crews and the Canadian Coast Guard searched for him.
While searching, police received a call from a distressed Galiano Island resident reporting a naked, dripping wet and incoherent man had broken into her home.
He then walked to a nearby resort where he was arrested. Police said that man matched the description of the BC Ferries passenger who jumped overboard.
RCMP said at the time they would recommend charges of break and enter and mischief, but no official charges have been laid.
The incident cost BC Ferries an estimated $40,000, including damage to the life raft, money for fuel and overtime costs for workers.
BC Ferries spokeswoman Deborah Marshall confirmed Monday the man would no longer be permitted to travel aboard BC Ferries vessels.
This article originally appeared on Fr. Dwight Longenecker's blog “Standing on My Head,” and is reprinted with permission. Visit his website, browse his books, and be in touch at dwightlongenecker.com. Fr. Longenecker is a married Roman Catholic priest, with full approval by the Church.
I don't often mention my wife and family in my writing because my writing is public and I have a private side.
However, people do often ask what it is like being married to a priest. I think I can answer for Mrs. Longenecker and my family.
These are the main questions and answers:
[See also: What This Priest Saw in Medjugorje]
[See also: I Knew a Priest Who Could See the Dead]
Q: How does your wife cope with the time demands of your being a priest?
Much like any wife would do who is married to a man with a demanding, but rewarding career. Many wives deal with husbands who are away more than I am. I'm thinking of long distance truck drivers, soldiers, sailors, traveling executives. Others have demanding and irregular schedules–doctors and nurses, emergency responders, firefighters and police. Furthermore, those wives sit at home worrying that their husband might not come home because his job is not only demanding time wise, but life threateningly dangerous.
A priest's wife doesn't face those hardships. Furthermore, although we don't have weekends, a priest sets his own schedule. If I have to I can re-arrange many things in order to be there for the family in a way other men can't.
Q: But aren't priests on duty 24-7…always ready to race off to hospital to anoint the dying?
Ask your celibate priest if he's available 24-7. No he's not.
We all take days off and vacations. We have to or we'd burn out. Sure I get up sometimes in the middle of the night to go anoint the dying. But we have hospital chaplains too you know, and they usually cover those duties.
Q: How do you manage financially?
I receive only what the diocese advises all diocesan priests to receive. No more. The pay a priest receives varies from diocese to diocese, but let's be realistic. There are many families who struggle on low incomes. They get by. Maybe the wife works. Maybe they both drive an old car, make do, buy clothes from the Goodwill and learn to live on a little.
A priest and his wife can do this too and why not? On the other hand, look what a priest receives: 1. housing 2. a car 3. health insurance 4. job satisfaction with no immediate boss looking over his shoulder 5. complete job security 6. retirement plan 7. working expenses 8. retirement housing…and more depending on where he works. I can think of a good number of men and their wives who would jump at the chance to work on those terms.
Q: How do you afford college for your kids, the orthodontist and everything else it takes for kids these days?
How does anybody? We get by. I'm blessed to have extra income from my writing, but we both work hard. We save. We borrow if we have to. People are generous. The Lord provides.
It's actually an adventure to live by faith. You should try it!
Q: Doesn't your wife interfere with your work in the parish?
Does your dentist's wife interfere with his work? Your lawyer's wife? Your car mechanic's wife? Of course not. She runs her own business and contributes to the family income.
Q: Are your kids supposed to be especially holy?
No more and no less than any other Catholic–which means I don't expect to them to be saints, but I expect them to be working on it….like me and their mom.
Q: What about confession. Don't you tell your wife everything?
C'mon. Would a lawyer or doctor go home and tell his wife everything about his clients? I don't think so.
Professionals can keep secrets. I don't tell my wife anything about the confessional and she would never expect me to.
Q: Do you think we should have married priests?
It could work if both the husband and wife are committed to the calling and are prepared to be flexible, live by faith, have a sense of humor and make the necessary sacrifices.
Q: Do you think Pope Francis will change the rules and allow married men to be ordained?
Probably not.
Courtesy of “Standing on My Head” at Patheos
[See also: How to Avoid Converting to Catholicism, in 8 Easy Steps]
[See also: This One Quote Convinced Me to Convert to Catholicism]
The woman, who has not been named, has spoken to French media A French Muslim woman has been fined for wearing a full-face veil while driving a car. Police in the western city of Nantes said the veil - which showed only her eyes - restricted her vision and could have caused an accident. The woman's lawyer says they will appeal against the decision, which he described as a breach of human rights. The incident follows months of intense debate in France about whether the veils should be banned. Earlier this week, President Nicolas Sarkozy ordered parliament to debate a law banning women from wearing full-face Islamic veils in public. 'Safety risk' After stopping the 31-year-old woman - who has not been named - police asked her to raise her veil to confirm her identity, which she did. Currently no law forbids the wearing of the niqab
Lawyer Jean-Michel Pollono They then fined her 22 euros ($29; £19), saying her clothing posed a "safety risk". "This fine is not justified on road safety grounds and constitutes a breach of human and women's rights," her lawyer, Jean-Michel Pollono, told AFP news agency. He said the woman's field of vision was not obstructed and added that a veil was no different from a motorcycle helmet in terms of hindrance to vision. He said he had formally complained to the state prosecutor. "The ball is clearly in the authorities' court," he said. "Currently no law forbids the wearing of the niqab." Headscarves The word hijab comes from the Arabic for veil and is used to describe the headscarves worn by Muslim women. These scarves come in a myriad of styles and colours. The type most commonly worn in the West is a square scarf that covers the head and neck but leaves the face clear. The niqab is a veil for the face that leaves the area around the eyes clear. However, it may be worn with a separate eye veil. It is worn with an accompanying headscarf. The burka is the most concealing of all Islamic veils. It covers the entire face and body, leaving just a mesh screen to see through. The al-amira is a two-piece veil. It consists of a close fitting cap, usually made from cotton or polyester, and an accompanying tube-like scarf. The shayla is a long, rectangular scarf popular in the Gulf region. It is wrapped around the head and tucked or pinned in place at the shoulders. The khimar is a long, cape-like veil that hangs down to just above the waist. It covers the hair, neck and shoulders completely, but leaves the face clear. The chador, worn by many Iranian women when outside the house, is a full-body cloak. It is often accompanied by a smaller headscarf underneath. BACK {current} of {total} NEXT The incident happened earlier this month, Mr Pollono said. The woman, who is a French citizen, told French media that her field of vision had been sufficient. The BBC's David Chazan, in Paris, says that although the fine is small, the case has taken on huge symbolic importance. President Sarkozy said last year that full-face veils oppressed women and were not welcome in France. Plans to ban them by law have provoked intense debate about religious freedom in a secular society, as well as the position of Muslims in France. France has Europe's largest Muslim minority population, estimated at about five million. The French interior ministry estimates that only about 1,900 women wear full veils in the country. There are several types of headscarves and veils for Muslim women - those that cover the face being the niqab and the burka. In France, the niqab is the version most commonly worn.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Popular direct links download site OneDDL has announced its immediate closure. The site, which has been around for the best part of seven years, is the latest casualty in the ongoing cyberlocker and linking controversy. What was once a legal gray area - the indexing and linking of copyright works - has now become a matter of black and white, the site's owner reports.
With the rise and rise of cheap hosting with masses of available bandwidth and endless cloud storage, cyberlocker hosting sites have become the weapon of choice for many file-sharers.
Of course, in January the cyberlocker market had a rude awakening in the form of the Megaupload raids, and ever since the release scene has been shuffling around and reorganizing. Several file-hosting sites decided to call it quits and with their demise many so-called indexing ‘release' sites couldn't find the strength to carry on.
Some, however, such as the hugely popular Rlslog.net, carried on regardless but in the last 24 hours perhaps the biggest indexing/release site casualty of 2012 has been announced.
OneDDL, a site that in one form or another has been around for the past seven years, has decided to call it quits. The announcement comes as quite a surprise, since only 24 hours ago the site was still posting popular US TV shows and movies. The fact that it did so regularly has not been lost on the studios.
The site has operated two domains (OneDDL.com and OneDDL.eu) since Google started logging rightsholder takedown requests against the site in May 2011. During that time Google has received 544 takedowns, of which 356 came from NBC Universal.
Although OneDDL have offered no concrete information, between the lines of their shutdown statement reads a familiar story.
“The legality of websites, such as ours, has always been a rather grey area. I had believed that this ambiguity would work to our advantage and originally, that is what lawyers told us (yes, we went to see lawyers),” says the site owner.
“Lately however, the landscape has changed, and it appears the grey is gradually becoming black and white, unfortunately not in our favour.”
OneDDL's owner continues by stating that the site always operated within the law by responding to takedown requests from copyright holders, but that even that couldn't save the site.
“For some people, this is simply not enough,” he adds.
When contacted by TorrentFreak, the site's owner would not be drawn on the exact reasons for the shutdown. As usual though, the Internet rumor mill is churning with stories of the site being “under investigation” and threats from US entertainment companies and their UK proxies. We have been unable to confirm any of the claims.
What seems completely certain is that from a downloading perspective OneDDL is no more. That has saddened the site's considerable userbase – Alexa has OneDDL ranked as the 4,419th most popular site in the world – but perhaps inevitably the main discussion point in the site's goodbye statement has quickly turned from farewells into where to find OneDDL alternatives.
A bill passed by the Michigan State Senate would endanger the health of Michiganders by granting sweeping new powers to practitioners of unscientific bogus medicine and treatments, said the Center for Inquiry.
The Search for Negative Evidence
Joe Nickell and James McGaha
Everyone loves a mystery. Solve one in science, and accolades are forthcoming. Not so, however, in the realm of the paranormal, where evidence, logic, and theories are often stood on their heads. Whereas forensic scientists, say, begin with the evidence and let it lead to the most likely solution to a mystery, “parascientists” typically begin with the desired answer and work backward to the evidence, employing confirmation bias: They look for that which seems to confirm their prior-held belief and seek to discredit whatever—or whoever—would argue against it.
For example, in the paranormal field of cryptozoology (a term coined by Ivan T. Sanderson to describe the study of “hidden” or unverified animals [Heuvelmans 1968, 508]), proponents of Bigfoot offer a large quantity of evidence. Unfortunately, it is of very poor quality: eyewitness reports, footprint casts, hair samples—just what is attributable to misperception or deception. It is all questionable evidence because, hoaxes aside, neither a live Bigfoot nor a carcass nor even a DNA specimen is available for scientific study.
The same situation holds true for other claims. They include psychic phenomena; ghosts, poltergeists, and demons; flying saucers and aliens; cryptids, such as the Loch Ness monster; spontaneous human combustion; faith healing and weeping statues; the Devil's Triangle; and so on and on. Mainstream science has not verified as genuinely paranormal any of these objects, entities, or occurrences.
Arguing from Mysteries
Parascientists usually take a different tack. For them, investigation is not a quest to explain a mystery (what they deride as “trying to explain it away”) but rather to collect mysteries about whatever paranormalities they believe in, by which they hope to convince others there must be “something to it.” In short, they are not detectives but mystery mongers.
For them, the mystery is essentially an end point rather than a beginning. If it is not readily explained, they do not blame a lack of evidence; instead they suppose thereby that something has been established: “We don't know what caused oil to appear on the statue; therefore, it must be a sign from God.” But this is a type of logical fallacy known as argumentum ad ignorantiam, an argument from ignorance—that is, drawing a conclusion from a lack of knowledge. One cannot say “We don't know” and then assert that therefore we do know.
And yet that very faulty reasoning is behind the most paranormal claims: “We can't explain what caused a; therefore, it's likely b,” where a is a hairy-monster sighting or hovering light or an unexpected medical cure, and b is presumed to be, respectively, a Bigfoot, or flying saucer, or miracle. Actually it might instead be, again respectively, an upright-standing bear, Venus seen through layers of atmosphere, or the result of prior medical treatment.
Negative Evidence
As psychologist Ray Hyman (1996, 23) observed of one paranormal field: “The history of parapsychology is replete with ‘successful' experiments that subsequently could not be replicated.” Pointing out that so-called remote viewing and other supposed forms of ESP were defined negatively—that is, as an effect remaining after other normal explanations had supposedly been eliminated—Hyman noted that a mere glitch in the experimental data could thus be counted as evidence for psychic phenomena. “What is needed, of course,” he said wisely, “is a positive theory of psychic functioning that enables us to tell when psi is present and when it is absent” (emphasis in original). He added, “As far as I can tell, every other discipline that claims to be a science deals with phenomena whose presence or absence can clearly be decided.”
This requirement—this need—for positive rather than negative evidence is ignored or dismissed by the mystery mongers. In the titles of their books and TV documentaries, they trot out such words as unsolved, unexplained, unknown—presenting not mysteries to be investigated and solved but supposedly eternal enigmas that prove (by arguing from ignorance) the existence of the paranormal.
Consider, for example, the claims of miraculous healings at Lourdes, the French healing shrine. Claims there are derived not positively but from those cases that are held to be “medically inexplicable”—a classic argument from ignorance. (In 2008, however, the International Medical Committee of Lourdes announced that the physicians' panel would no longer be in the “miracle” business, thereafter only indicating whether a case is “remarkable.” They will not be inferring a miracle from “medically inexplicable” [Nickell 2013, 183–185].)
Elsewhere, in “miracle” and other paranormal claims, the appeal to negative evidence remains all too common. For example:
Grant Wilson, who partnered with Jason Hawes in TV's Ghost Hunters, says their approach to ghost hunting was to “end up with only those things you can't explain away” (Hawes and Wilson 2007, 6).
Larry Arnold (1995, 463), in his book Ablaze! The Mysterious Fires of Spontaneous Human Combustion, states unabashedly: “I am the first to admit that SHC [spontaneous human combustion] defies common sense and smacks of the unknowable. I don't have all the answers to it; I may have none of the answers. And certainly, I don't have all the pieces to this jigsaw of enigmas.” Nevertheless, he concludes, “What I can say with confidence is this: Spontaneous (as well as preternatural) human combustibility happens, though it has remained hidden.”
Crop circle advocates have suggested various “theories” to explain the supposedly inexplicable patterns in English grain fields (despite extensive evidence of hoaxing [Nickell 2004, 115–122]). Ken Rogers of the Unexplained Society opines, “The circles are indeed the result of a UFO landing to probe the crops. There is no other explanation . . .” (qtd. in Randles and Fuller 1990, 16).
Unidentified Flying Objects
Perhaps nowhere is negative evidence sought and promoted more avidly than by UFOlogists, whose very subject of study begins with the word unidentified. Prominent among such collectors was Charles Fort (1874–1932). Sometimes considered the “first” UFOlogist (Clark 1998, I: 420), Fort was an armchair purveyor of strange mysteries. Having come into an inheritance that allowed him to indulge his hobby, he spent his last twenty-six years scouring old periodicals for reports of unusual occurrences—including anomalous aerial phenomena—that he taunted “orthodox” scientists to explain (Fort 1941). Not only was his evidence anecdotal and his approach non-investigative, but his “documentation was not always completely accurate” (Gross 2001, 204).
Nevertheless, Fort is the darling of many UFOlogists and other collectors of phenomena that supposedly “defy natural explanation,” what they term “Fortean phenomena” or “Forteana,” named after him (Guiley 2001, 212–213; Gross 2001, 203–205; Clark 1998, 420–425).
One of history's top UFOlogists was astronomer J. Allen Hynek (1910–1986), once a consultant and self-claimed “debunker” on the U.S. Air Force's UFO-investigating Project Blue Book. Hynek (1977, 7–9, 17) became impressed that, at first, 23 percent of UFOs he studied remained “unknowns” and—going on to found the Center for UFO Studies (CUFOS)—he embraced the negative evidence:
The transformation from skeptic to—no, not believer because that has certain “theological” connotations—a scientist who felt he was on the track of an interesting phenomenon was gradual, but by the late '60's it was complete. Today I would not spend one additional moment on the subject of UFOs if I didn't seriously feel that the UFO phenomenon is real and that efforts to investigate and understand it, and eventually to solve it, could have a profound effect—perhaps even be the springboard to a revolution in man's view of himself and his place in the universe.
Hynek nevertheless grew cautious about the extraterrestrial hypothesis, noting that it “runs up against a very big difficulty, namely, that we are seeing too many UFOs. The earth is only a spot of dust in the Universe. Why should it be honored with so many visits?” Instead, he said, “I am more inclined to think in terms of something metaterrestrial, a sort of parallel reality,” positing “that UFOs are related to certain psychic phenomena” (qtd. in Story 2001, 252). Thus he tried to “explain” one unknown by invoking another!
Today, UFOlogists such as Peter B. Davenport, director of the National UFO Reporting Center (NUFORC), believe that the great number of unidentifieds indicate at least something momentous is behind them. Given “impressive quantities of principally eyewitness data,” says Davenport, while most eyewitness descriptions are of poor quality, “many of the high-quality sighting reports involve certain objective aspects, which, to an open-minded bystander, are quite impressive.” He adds, “Strong evidence suggests that we are dealing with a phenomenon that is being caused by palpable solid objects whose characteristics are not of human design, and whose behavior is suggestive of intelligent control” (qtd. in Story 2001, 150). He is, of course, hinting at extraterrestrials—albeit coyly—while the “objects” remain unidentified.
Another who cites the unexplained nature of UFOs is Richard Hall, a UFO advocate associated with such groups as MUFON and CUFOS. He emphasizes, “Among the hundreds of so-called ‘UFO reports' each year, a sizeable fraction of those clearly observed by reputable witnesses remain unexplained—and difficult to explain in conventional terms.” He believes that “Collectively, these cases constitute a genuine scientific mystery, badly in need of well-supported, systematic investigation.” Again he says, “The circumstantial—and sometimes physical—evidence indicates that something real is going on for which no satisfactory explanation currently exists.”
Hall believes that mistaken observations of terrestrial objects as well as “hoaxes/imagination” are to be rejected as explanations because both are “inapplicable to the hard-core unexplained cases.” He prefers instead the possibility of “so-called ‘nuts and bolts' visitors from elsewhere” (qtd. in Story 2001, 239).
Even vacillating UFOlogist/folklorist Thomas E. Bullard (2010, 311) suggests—at least tentatively:
Investigators of current and historical UFO reports have sifted out cases with sufficient credible evidence to qualify as defensible. These cases suggest that the character of UFO narratives depends in some part on the character of UFO events, and those events owe their character to a source independent of UFO mythology. . . . Even allowing for human fallibility and self-deception, a genuine mystery seems to be left over.
Bullard is clearly relying on the process-of-elimination method that is the basis of negative evidence.
Then there is Stanton T. Friedman, who promotes the notion of extraterrestrial visitation with bluster, smoke screens, and ballyhoo. He rationalizes, “I learned early on that absence of evidence is not the same as evidence for absence.” True enough, but then he is still left with absence of evidence. Friedman, a onetime self-described “itinerant nuclear physicist” was fooled by the amateurishly forged “MJ-12 documents” that purported to prove the U.S. government had retrieved a crashed saucer and its humanoid occupants—proof, Friedman believes, that positive evidence has been covered up by a high-level conspiracy (Friedman 1996, 8, 13, 209–219; Nickell with Fischer 1992, 81–105).
Conclusion
The problem with all such grandiose extrapolation from the data is that it lacks positive evidence. No actual flying saucer or extraterrestrial pilot has ever been captured—notwithstanding hoaxes, folktales, and conspiracy claims. There are only eyewitness reports, photos, ground traces, and the like—all something unidentified.
But don't all those unidentifieds count for something? Well, quantity is not quality. As extensive evidence shows, cases once touted as unexplained were only that; they were not unexplainable, and, as a matter of fact, many of them have since succumbed to investigation. Not one proved to be anything other than a natural or manmade phenomenon—not such classic cases, for example, as Roswell, Rendlesham Forest, Flatwoods, Kecksburg, Exeter, Phoenix, and Stephenville (Nickell and McGaha 2012; McGaha and Nickell 2011, 2015). Some cases may never be explained because of original eyewitness error, falsified evidence, lack of essential information, or other flaws. For similar reasons some murders remain unsolved, yet we do not consider those cases evidence of a homicide gremlin.
Nothing said so far means we should not continue to investigate unexplained phenomena, including UFOs. After all, onetime skepticism of fiery stones falling from the skies ultimately gave way to proof of meteorites. Science has nothing to fear from the examination of UFO reports, which, to date, have not been useless after all: We have learned much about illusions and misperceptions and fantasy, about personality traits, about rare phenomena such as ball lightning, about the propensity of immature persons to perpetrate hoaxes (skeptics included!), and much more. But investigation must go beyond just collecting negative evidence. It must represent a real attempt to solve—that is, to explain—a mystery.
References
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said Tuesday that as president he would spend at least twice as much money on infrastructure projects as Hillary Clinton has proposed – and rack up new debt to do it.
Clinton unveiled a plan last November to commit a total of $500 billion in government money to rebuild bridges, roads, tunnels, dams and other critical infrastructure elements.
BIG SPENDER: Donald Trump said Tuesday on the Fox Business Network that he would at least double Hillary Clinton's planned spending on infrastructure projects
BUILDER: This Cleveland bridge project is slated to open later this year
That would include $250 billion in direct federal spending and $25 billion for a fund that would bring in another $225 billion in 'direct loans, loan guarantees, and other forms of credit enhancement.'
All of that would rack up new public debt, adding to what will likely be $21 trillion in debts by the time the next president takes office.
Trump told Fox Business Network host Stuart Varney on Tuesday morning that he would 'at least double' Clinton's numbers, 'and you're gonna really need more than that.'
And he said he would issue federal Treasury bonds to pay for it all.
'I don't know if you've seen the warning charts, but we have many, many bridges that are in danger of falling,' Trump warned.
'We're going to go out with a fund' to repair them, he said. 'We'll get a fund, make a phenomenal deal with the low interest rates and rebuild our infrastructure. We have no choice.'
Asked who would invest in the fund, Trump clarified that 'citizens would put money into the fund and we will rebuild our infrastructure with that fund and it will be a great investment, and it's going to put a lot of people to work.
'These would sell as bonds,' he added, 'so we'd do infrastructure bonds from the country, from the United States.
DEEP DIG: This Los Angeles tunnel is being redone after 100 years under a downtown street
He also promised to leverage his strengths as a builder to complete public works projects 'without cost overruns.'
'Nobody can build better than I can, and nobody can - you know, nobody knows construction - better than I can. I have great relationships with the people that are going to do the work.'
Trump has proclaimed himself 'the king of debt' in the past, citing a history of borrowing money to erect buildings and then refinancing those debts later at more favorable interest rates.
Bonds, however, are more challenging to refinance. Governments have to wait until short-term notes mature, buy back the debt, and then issue new bonds at lower interest rates.
That move usually involves swapping short-term debt for 30- or 50-year bonds.
Trump hasn't said whether he would issue such 'long' bonds to finance his infrastructure projects.
2015: Suffered a concussion against the Seahawks, but missed only one series.
2015: Injured his foot against the Raiders and missed the fourth quarter and the first series of the following game.
2015: Suffered an MCL sprain and bone bruise against the Rams that kept him out four weeks.
2012: Sprained his right sternolavicular joint against the Chiefs, forcing him to miss three games.
2011: Was inactive for a Dec. 24 game against the Rams with a sprained ankle.
2008: Was stretchered off the field with a head injury against the Browns, but returned in the playoffs after a bye to help win the Super Bowl.
2008: Did not play against the Ravens on Nov. 29 because of a concussion.
2007: Did not play against the Ravens in Week 17 because of an ankle injury.
2005: Re-injured his left knee two weeks later, forcing him to miss three more games.
2005: Injured his left knee against the Chargers that kept him out one game.
Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger said he suffered a sprained AC joint — once known in the medical field as a separated shoulder — during last week's win over the Bengals, which leaves his status in question for Sunday's AFC divisional playoff game against the Broncos.
Steelers coach Mike Tomlin on Tuesday said Roethlisberger “has a chance” to play, while Roethlisberger admitted that he is still in a lot of pain three days after he was injured.
“It is definitely sore,” Roethlisberger said during his weekly radio segment on KDKA-FM. “I think it is a little better than what it was. We are still taking it day-by-day.”
At his weekly news conference, Tomlin wouldn't confirm the specifics of the quarterback's injury, including Roethlisberger saying that he tore two ligaments in the shoulder when Bengals linebacker Vontaze Burfict sacked him late in the third quarter of Saturday's game.
“Just rest assured that it's been evaluated. He's potentially available to us. We're going to take care of him medically in an appropriate way and let the medical experts be our guide in terms of his participation,” Tomlin said.
Dr. David J. Chao, a former NFL head team physician and current SiriusXM Sports medical analyst, said it is highly unlikely that both ligaments in the joint are completely torn.
“That's what an AC joint sprain is: The joint capsule is injured, and you injure the conoid and trapezoid ligaments,” Chao said. “To say that they are torn completely isn't likely, because that's like a Grade 3 separation and your clavicle is more up in your ear and you can see it through a T-shirt.”
Roethlisberger was able to return for the final series against the Bengals but said he wasn't able to throw the ball with much velocity, which is typical of an AC joint injury.
The AC (acromioclavicular) joint is between the end of the collarbone and the tip of the shoulder blade. Two ligaments hold the two bones in place and provide vertical stability. When the joint is compromised, it is difficult to lift the arm over the head, which would make it difficult for Roethlisberger to throw a football.
When Roethlisberger returned late in the game against the Bengals, he threw only one of his eight passes farther than four yards beyond the line of scrimmage.
Dr. David Geier, a South Carolina-based orthopedic surgeon and sports medicine specialist, said a key part of Roethlisberger's rehabilitation would include pain management and strengthening the compromised ligaments.
Geier said there are a number of ways to lessen the pain, including applying ice, using ultrasound, electrical stimulation, injections such as cortisone or Toradol and even taking over-the-counter, anti-inflammatory medicines such as ibuprofen.
“Whatever you can do to get the pain out, because it is a painful injury, especially as you reach up over head,” Geier said. “That pain shuts down your rotator cuff strength and makes it hard to generate velocity on your throws. You have to work hard to rebuild that strength. Ultimately, it is a time thing. It is only a week, so that's a lot to ask.”
It's been done before.
This season, Buffalo Bills quarterback Tyrod Taylor suffered an AC joint injury in Week 11 against New England but played the next week against Kansas City. However, there are varying degrees of sprains, and Roethlisberger's could be worse than Taylor's.
Roethlisberger's penchant for returning quickly from injuries makes it a possibility that he will play against the Broncos.
“I think he's going to play and be fine,” Chao said. “The question is if he is going to be able to throw the ball down the field 55 yards. That I don't know.”
Geier added: “It is very hard to predict. Every day, you have to reassess where you are. The fact that they are saying that he might play is a pretty good sign.”
Roethlisberger is expected to participate in practice Wednesday, albeit on a limited basis. He's not expected to test the strength in his arm at that time, but Tomlin said he will increase Roethlisberger's activity as the week goes on.
Backup Landry Jones, who has two career starts, would replace Roethlisberger if he isn't able to play.
Mark Kaboly is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at mkaboly@tribweb.com or via Twitter @MarkKaboly_Trib.
A Navajo Chef Gives A Glimpse Inside The Makeshift Kitchens At Standing Rock
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Brian Yazzie Courtesy of Brian Yazzie
At the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, as a Sioux tribe fights the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline, the months-long standoff has raised a question: How do you feed the encamped masses?
For Navajo chef Brian Yazzie, the answer was clear: in a way that honors indigenous traditions.
Yazzie is the chef du cuisine at The Sioux Chef, a Minneapolis-based catering and food education company whose mission is to revitalize Native American food culture, which was marginalized by centuries of colonization and forced assimilation. (The company's name is a nod to its Sioux founder, Sean Sherman.)
For months now, Yazzie says, he's watched the Standing Rock demonstrations unfold from afar and has been wanting to go there.
"Being on the front-lines of revitalizing indigenous foods, my way of contributing to the cause is being in the kitchen and cooking for the people," he says.
So last weekend, Yazzie traveled to the Standing Rock reservation and showed up to volunteer at the main makeshift kitchen that's been churning out meals for protesters living at the Oceti Sakowin Camp. It's the largest of several camps that are housing the demonstrators, who oppose a section of the pipeline that would run under the Missouri River near their reservation.
The tribe says the route crosses sacred land and burial sites, and it's worried that an oil spill could pollute drinking water, which is why protesters call themselves water protectors.
The main camp kitchen, Yazzie says, is housed in three tents. One large tent is used for prep work and cooking, a second serves as a pantry and the third is a dining hall. It's staffed by volunteers, many of whom, Yazzie says, are not American Indians.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Brian Yazzie Courtesy of Brian Yazzie
Yazzie offered his cooking services for a couple of days. "With the credentials I had, they gave me the opportunity to take over," he says.
His first stop was the pantry, stocked with donated foods. "When I stepped into the pantry in the tent, that's all I [saw] – a stack of flour just ceiling high," Yazzie says. "Just nothing but canned goods, processed foods."
The sight, he said, conjured painful associations.
"As a native chef, it brought back this ancestral memory of survival food, when our ancestors were put on internment camps, when they were put on reservations," he says.
Cut off from their hunting and foraging grounds, many American Indians were forced to abandon traditional diets — and the active lifestyle they required.
"They were given government rations," Yazzie says — commodities like lard, flour, sugar — "and there were no natural resources or natural food to be found."
Today, American Indians are one-and-a-half times as likely as Caucasians to be obese, and they also face high rates of diabetes. Many trace the roots of these health problems to the forced shift in diet that began more than 150 years ago.
But Yazzie also found promising dry goods in the pantry — like beans, hominy and wild rice. And a trailer used as a cooler and freezer held "just a mass amount of bison" donated by a local tribe. "That was beautiful to see," he says.
Yazzie cooked up a vegan three-bean soup, and a second soup of bison and blue hominy, which was donated by the Navajo Nation. The meal was a nod to "traditional flavors," he says.
He also had some fresh produce to work with — rutabaga, parsnips, carrots, sunchokes, which he roasted, and pumpkin, which he sautéed with quinoa and sunflower seeds drizzled with maple syrup.
Dessert was a simple display of fresh melons "donated from the new tribal garden on the Navajo Nation," he says. (Other native chefs volunteering in the kitchen have also cooked traditional indigenous meals, according to Indian Country.)
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Brian Yazzie Courtesy of Brian Yazzie
On tribal lands, Yazzie notes, much of the available food is processed, though "tribal gardens are popping up on reservations now. They're bringing back their ancestral food — these seeds that were saved for hundreds of years are finally being planted again and being given to the community."
Yazzie and Sherman are among a growing number of American Indian chefs and historians around the country who are working to raise awareness about indigenous ingredients and cooking techniques as a way to reclaim identity and cultural heritage. But Yazzie says that message was still new to many of the people he encountered at Standing Rock, both native and non-native.
One night, when he was cooking a wild rice side dish at the camp kitchen, he says, a volunteer brought him a tub of butter to flavor it with. "I told the person, 'I don't need butter.' "
Like other Native American chefs who are restoring traditional cuisine, Yazzie avoids dairy because it was not part of the precolonial diet of indigenous peoples. When he explained this to volunteers, he says, it piqued their interest.
But Yazzie says he was mostly focused "on feeding people – just finding what was there and what's healthiest to serve them."
Official counts of the number of encamped protesters are hard to come by, because people come and go frequently. Yazzie estimates he saw about 1,500 people there, with the main kitchen feeding about 1,000 people a day during his stay at Oceti Sakowin camp. (There are two other, smaller kitchens at the camp, he says.)
Now he's trying to spread the word to gather more donations of healthy foods for the protesters. He plans to go back to cook at the camp for Thanksgiving.
"I can't just sit back and do nothing," Yazzie says. "With the network I have, I'm doing what I can to support the cause."
SUPPORT THE GRAPEVINE.
AD RATES ARE HERE.
Quick Links
Animal print phone cases
Shop Macys
Grove t-shirts & mugs
Uber - sign up, get $20 in rides
Post-it Notes
The little ads that work
Place your Quick Link ad here.
Your ad here © All content in the Coconut Grove Grapevine is copyrighted by law. This means text, photos, ads and all images. NO CONTENT may be picked up and used in full or part in full or altered. This especially is true of photos and graphics. No photo or image may be picked up, morphed and reused. If content is used on-line, ONLY an actual clickable link must go back to the source on the Grapevine and the images and text may not be copied and used in any way, shape or form. We will prosecute to the fullest extent of the law for any violations. NOTE: the Copyright Law required a copyright notice to protect works until 1977. In 1978, however, the law changed and abolished the requirement for copyright notice. This means that every published work (be it on paper or digital media) automatically gets copyright protection, whether expressed with a notice or not. The Coconut Grove Grapevine is protected under the section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, this protects us from what others say in the comments section and it also gives us legal reason to sue those who cyber stalk and harass us on a continual basis.
To become a more effective scientific skeptic, you need to know your logical fallacies. This is part two of my irregular series – my first was on the middle ground fallacy. Today's focus is a very, very common fallacy: Tu quoque.
The tu quoque argument ( Latin for “you, also”) is a type of ad hominem argument – literally, “to the person”. It is a statement about the person, and not about the the statement being made. In my posts about homeopathy, this fallacy is frequently used by commenters. For example, I recently posted about an uncritical endorsement of homeopathy by a medical doctor. Notably, that physician acknowledges that homeopathy has no medicinal ingredients – it is a placebo. Not surprisingly the responses from homeopathy advocates ignores the consensus that homeopathy has no medicinal effects. Instead the comments tend to cite problems with real medicine. Commenter Avijit first quotes from a commentary in JAMA that claims:
225,000 people have died in one year in the US alone due to iatrogenic diseases. Of these 140,000 has been exclusively due to adverse drug reactions. In addition, an equal number died during out patient management of Adverse Drug Reactions that cost the buyer a total of $ 79 billion in prescription bills in one year.
Once again, the Death By Medicine gambit. He goes on to quote David Eddy, to imply that evidence-based medicine isn't evidence-based:
Uncertainty creeps into medical practice through every pore. Whether a physician is defining a disease, making a diagnosis, selecting a procedure, observing outcomes, assessing probabilities, assigning preferences, or putting it all together, he is walking on very slippery terrain. It is difficult for non physicians, and for many physicians, to appreciate how complex these tasks are, how poorly we understand them, and how easy it is for honest people to come to different conclusions.
In another post, commenter Iqbal also quotes Eddy and makes a similar argument:
I would suggest you Google Dr. David Eddy and check what he has to say about the evidences used by doctors (He invented the term evidence based medicine). Homeopathy is completely evidence based.
Acknowledging uncertainty in medical care is no secret, nor are the harms from medications – I've blogged about both before. And claims that medicine isn't evidence-based are usually disingenuous. (Science-Based Medicine contributor David Ramey addresses this in the superb “The Evidence for Evidence-Based Medicine.”) But here's where we come to the tu quoque, and how it's used as a distraction in an argument: Problems with real medicine does not make homeopathy work! Steven Novella sums it up well:
Mainstream medicine is based upon a culture and institution of science, and a science-based standard of care. The execution of this standard is flawed, but the principle is clear. CAM is not based on a science-based standard. It, in fact, seeks to subvert and even remove the science-based standard of care. And CAM proponents live in a culture of pseudoscience, not legitimate science. To the extent that the science-base of modern medicine is not adequate the proper response is to improve the science (a never ending task), not to use methods that are even less science-based. CAM is largely devoid of science. CAM proponents, to borrow an excellent turn of phrase, use science as a drunk uses a lamppost – for support rather than illumination.
When you see the tu quoque fallacy used, it's a sign of desperation – unable to respond to the question at hand, the user has decided to attack something else. Even the author of the original post, Dr. Des Spence, used a tu quoque, to defend his argument:
The saga of COX-2 drugs and the unethical, illegal behavior of Merck are real issues in medicine, but are irrelevant to the topic that was under discussion: The ethics of deceiving patients by giving them sugar pills. Vioxx does not make homeopathy ethical! The solution to ineffective regulation and criminal behavior is to fix the problem and do it better – not to decide to abandon science for magical thinking about vitalism. Science standards are equally applicable to all health interventions. And a single scientific standard should be applied to everything – we should not accept a lowered bar for safety and effectiveness just because something is “Eastern”, “Alternative”, “Holistic”, “Individualized”, “Integrative” or whatever buzzword you wish to attach to your preferred form of pseudoscience.
Tu quoque is very similar to the thalidomide gambit (Gavura's rule), which can be paraphrased as, “Where's your science now?” There is also overlap with the “Fallacy of the Perfect Solution” aka “Nirvana Fallacy” – that because medicine isn't perfect, that science advocates have no right criticizing alternative medicine.
Brace Yourself
Physician and author Ben Goldacre has a new book out, a follow-up to the excellent Bad Science. This one is called Bad Pharma, and judging by the excerpts, promises to be a detailed analysis of the behaviour of pharmaceutical companies. I'm interested to see what he recommends improving the practice of medicine. While I haven't read the book yet, I doubt Goldacre concludes it with, “Therefore homeopathy works.” But that doesn't mean you won't see this argument from others. Science advocates should be prepared for a lot more tu quoque statements.
More reading on tu quoque
Fallacy Files: tu quoque
Your logical fallacy is: tu quoque
Science-Based Medicine: Science, Reason, Ethics, and Modern Medicine Part 1: Tu Quoque and History
Photo from flickr user insert_user_name used under a CC licence.
Washington (CNN) -- The director of U.S. national intelligence said the government has the right to kill Americans abroad if they present a direct threat to U.S. security.
The admission from Dennis Blair came Wednesday at a House Intelligence Committee hearing on the annual threat assessment.
"We take direct action against terrorists in the intelligence community," Blair told lawmakers at the hearing. "If that direct action -- we think that direct action will involve killing an American, we get specific permission to do that."
Blair said the reason he made the admission was to reassure Americans.
"We're not careless about endangering American lives as we try to carry out the policies to protect most of the country," he said.
Blair went on to say the United States does not target Americans for taking part in free speech, but rather will target them if they threaten other Americans or the United States.
Topping the list of such Americans may be Anwar al-Awlaki, currently living in Yemen. Privately, many administration officials said he is one of the next American citizens abroad with whom the U.S. intelligence community wants to deal.
Al-Awlaki is a fugitive American-born preacher whom a U.S. counterterrorism official described as a "key associate of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula's top leaders and one of their go-to men for external plotting."
Another American security official told CNN that U.S. authorities want al-Awlaki for questioning but denied there is an explicit order to "take him out."
U.S. security sources said last month they had concrete and independent confirmation that al-Awlaki had met with Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab, the Nigerian accused in the failed Christmas Day bomb plot aboard a plane heading to Detroit, Michigan.
Al-Awlaki has confirmed his contact with U.S. Army Maj. Nidal Hasan, the man accused of shooting and killing 13 people in November at Fort Hood, Texas.
If the United States were to take action against American, it would be a decision based on intelligence information that a citizen is posing a threat and must be dealt with, according to Blair.
The United States often uses drones to target terrorist suspects, and the special forces have a covert capability to deal with such situations.
IBM Research
electronic neurons and more than 256 million artificial synapses connecting. IBM researchers and their colleagues, with money from DARPA and technology from Samsung, designed the breakthrough device, outlined today in the journal Science.
"This chip represents a completely new architecture for microchips," says study co-author Dharmendra Modha, a computer scientist at IBM Research-Almaden in San Jose, Calif. "It's a new machine for a new era." The scientists say the chip has incredible potential: It could be used in glasses for the visually impaired, medical imagers that can spot early signs of disease, and even driverless cars.
Copying Nature
Brains are the most powerful computers we know: The human brain has approximately 100 billion neurons, with roughly one quadrillion (one million billion) connections between them. The way in which these connections or synapses wire neurons together encodes our memories.
Scientists have long sought to mimic how the brain works using software programs known as neural networks and hardware known as neuromorphic chips. The basic building block of the new chip is what the researchers call a neurosynaptic core, each one consisting of 256 output lines and 256 input lines. These lines mimic neurons, the cells making up the brain, and axons, the branches extending from neurons used to communicate with other cells, respectively.
The researchers connected 4,096 such cores into a system 4.3 square centimeters in size. Named TrueNorth, the chip has 5.4 billion transistors and roughly 428 million bits of on-chip memory. Potentially, the scientists say, those chips could be combined like tiles into sheets of virtually any size.
IBM Research
The layout of the chip (left) shows that its architecture comprises a 64x64 array of "neurosynaptic cores." Each core (right) implements 256 neurons and 65,536 synapses and tightly integrates computation, memory, and communication. (Photo Credit: IBM Research)
Saving Energy
In a conventional microchip, which uses what's called Von Neumann architecture, the central processing unit is separated from the memory by a connection known as the bus. The problem with this design is that the bus serves as a bottleneck, and the constant relaying of data between the processor and memory consumes energy. In earlier supercomputer simulations, in which Modha and his colleagues simulated 530 billion neurons and more than 100 trillion synapses, the system consumed 12 gigawatts."[That's] more than New York, Los Angeles, and a regular city in the Midwest combined," Modha says.
In TrueNorth, though, each neurosynaptic core holds both a processor and memory, which saves energy. And unlike conventional microchips, which use clock signals fired at regular intervals to coordinate the actions of circuits, activity in the neurosynaptic cores is driven only when an electrical charge reaches a specific value, much like what happens in real brains.
RELATED: The Monumental Challenge of Mapping the Human Brain.
"The power density of this chip is just 20 milliwatts per square centimeter," Modha says. "That's four orders of magnitude cooler than today's microprocessors, which have a power density of 100 watts per square centimeter."
Whereas computation in modern supercomputers is typically measured by floating-point operations per second (FLOPS), in TrueNorth computation is measured using synaptic operations per second (SOPS). TrueNorth can deliver 46 billion SOPS per watt, whereas today's most energy-efficient supercomputer achieves 4.5 billion FLOPS per watt, the researchers said.
"It's exciting to see large-scale neuromorphic computing arrive in the scientific community at large," said neuroscientist and computer scientist Michael Schmuker at the Free University of Berlin, who did not take part in this study.
Milk and Cookies
Neural networks and neuromorphic chips often are used for pattern recognition tasks where conventional computers do poorly, such as identifying pictures. In experiments, this microchip could identify people, bicyclists, cars, trucks and buses seen in 400-pixel-by-240-pixel video input at 30 frames per second.
Modha noted that neuromorphic chips would not replace conventional microchips, but rather work side by side with them. If you want to do analytics and number-crunching, he says, you should use conventional chips. "But if you want pattern recognition, to recognize a friend's face in a crowd, use synaptic devices," Modha says. "The two kinds of computing are meant to go together, like yin and yang or milk and cookies."
In the future, the scientists envision augmenting their neurosynaptic cores with synaptic plasticity, the ability for synapses to vary in strength over time. This would allow experiences to change the chips, enabling learning. The team also wants other researchers to learn to program these chips and experiment with them.
"If neuromorphic computing is really to rival conventional von Neumann computing, we need a huge community of developers who create neuromorphic solutions to practical computing problems," Schmuker says. "This will only happen if the technology is available to the entire scientific community."
The Los Angeles River Revitalization Corp. on Tuesday will announce an ambitious goal: Completing a continuous 51-mile greenway and bike path along the river by the end of the decade.
The news comes as a second nonprofit group dedicated to improving the river, Friends of the Los Angeles River, is working behind the scenes on even bigger plans. That group and L.A. officials are lobbying the Army Corps of Engineers in Washington to endorse a $1.06-billion plan to restore and remake 11 miles of the river between Union Station and Griffith Park.
The Army Corps is also considering less costly alternatives for that stretch as it readies a restoration feasibility study -- a long-delayed and much-anticipated document that itself has cost roughly $10 million to produce -- for release later this summer.
HAWTHORNE: On the Boulevards
Even if a cheaper Army Corps plan is put in place, the effort promises dramatic improvements for the river and public access to it as it passes near downtown, including removing some of the concrete that wraps it like a straitjacket.
Amazon has been outspending local rivals like Bengaluru-based Flipkart and Delhi-based Snapdeal aggressively to win the Indian market, after it lost China to local ecommerce giants Alibaba and JD.com. The main India unit, Amazon Seller Services, has received Rs 8,618 crore since beginning of 2015 and over Rs 9,600 crore since it was set up.
BENGALURU: India was the only market that Jeff Bezos wanted to talk about even as the US-based technology giant Amazon reported a record-high quarterly profit for the third consecutive quarter, making him the third richest man in the world. In the quarterly released with the results, Amazon founder & CEO said that "team in India is inventing at a torrid pace, and we're very grateful to our Indian customers for their welcoming response.”“It's been a busy few months for Amazon around the world, and particularly in India — where we launched a new AWS Region, introduced Prime with unlimited free shipping, and announced that Prime Video is coming soon, offering Prime members in India exclusive access to Amazon Original Series and Movies — including original content featuring top Indian creators and talent,” added Bezos.The statement comes after an action packed last two months for Amazon in India, which started with Bezos announcing plans to increase investment in India to $5 billion from $2 billion. After that its cloud business, Amazon Web Services , opened cloud region in Mumbai by opening data centres, allowing it to target Indian companies that are required to hold their data in the country.Then earlier this week Amazon launched its global Prime subscription service in the country, as it looks to drive more loyalty among its growing customer base in India. Amazon Prime in India will offer free one day and two deliveries to customers and early access to its exclusive offers. Prime Video, which will include Amazon original TV series and movies besides other Indian and global content, is expected to be launched as a part of this service later. Amazon India also launched 6 more fulfillment centers (FCs) earlier this month, taking its total FCs in India to 27. Amazon also started piloting its Pantry product last month, where monthly and weekly grocery and household essentials can be put in a box of up to 15 kg and get it home delivered the next day with a shipping charge of Rs 20. Pantry is currently available only in Hyderabad.Amazon has been outspending local rivals like Bengaluru-based Flipkart and Delhi-based Snapdeal aggressively to win the Indian market, after it lost China to local ecommerce giants Alibaba and JD.com . The main India unit, Amazon Seller Services, has received Rs 8,618 crore since beginning of 2015 and over Rs 9,600 crore since it was set up. In March Amazon also made its intention clear to keep pumping in more capital, as it filed to increase its authorised capital from Rs 8,500 crore to Rs 16,000 crore.Amazon India also said that it was the most visited e-commerce site and the most downloaded mobile shopping app in the second quarter, citing third-party reports. Its volumes grew by 150% in first quarter of 2016 as compared to the same period last year, and grew 250% in entire 2015 versus 2014, which are said to be better than the market.When asked about India on the earnings call with analysts, CFO Brian T. Olsavsky said that "we really like the opportunity in India. We like the initial results that we see from customers and also sellers. We really like our team there. We have a great team of Amazonian's who've been very inventive in India."While Amazon has been closing in on market leader Flipkart in terms of GMV , the company also needs to adapt to recently announced marketplace regulations . Government guidelines impacting Amazon's advance include the cap of 25% that a seller can account for sales on an online marketplace, and if a marketplace can "directly or indirectly influence sale price of goods or services" which is likely to impact discounts."Every time there's an obstacle or something that's different from the U.S. or another major business they'll invent around it, whether it's a shipping method or a payment method or whatever," added Olsavsky about India. "So we are very excited about the Prime program. We think it'll enter into a new chapter in India, and we've seen great success every country in the world that we've launched Prime, and we feel India is going to be no different."
NSW police take part in the Sydney Mardi Gras parade on Oxford Street in Sydney on March 2, 2013. (AAP)
The NSW Police Force has apologised to participants of the original Sydney Mardi Gras for their ill-treatment at the hands of police in 1978.
The NSW Police Force has apologised for the "hurt and pain" suffered by participants of the 1978 gay rights march which sparked what is known today as the Sydney Gay & Lesbian Mardi Gras.
NSW Police spokesperson for sexuality and gender diversity, Superintendent Tony Crandell, offered the apology at a press conference in Chippendale this morning for the 2016 Sydney Mardi Gras Parade.
"I can tell you that I spoke with our commissioner this morning and I have his full support in saying that the NSW Police Force is sorry for the way that first Mardi Gras was policed back in 1978," Crandell said.
"For that we apologise, and we acknowledge the pain and hurt caused by police stations back then"
Recommended Mardi Gras 78ers welcome NSW government apology The NSW government has apologised to the members of the group of gay and lesbian people who marched in protest of homosexual criminalisation in 1978.
The NSW government last week offered its own apology to the marchers, known as the '78ers', for the abuse they endured at the protest in June 1978. The movement ended in violence, ill-treatment and public shaming against the gay rights activists at the hands of the police, government and media.
The Sydney Morning Herald's editor-in-chief, Darren Goodsir, also offered an apology to 78ers for printing the names, addresses and professions of those arrested during the protest.
Crandell said he understood the apology issued by the NSW Parliament last Thursday was on behalf of all NSW government agencies, but that the NSW Police felt its perspective was important as well.
"Today's force is a very different organisation. We are diverse and we're proud of that diversity," he said.
"We have come a long, long way. We have had our own journey."
Members of the NSW Police Force will march in tomorrow night's Sydney Mardi Gras Parade which will be broadcast by SBS on Sunday night at 8.30pm.
Barry Brinker, 58, has spent more than a month in prison following his felony drug arrest Oct. 11.
The felony, however, is no longer pending against the Pen Argyl man, Northampton County District Attorney John Morganelli said Wednesday ahead of Brinker's preliminary hearing scheduled Thursday morning in Bangor.
The charge was based on 1.1 kilograms of a green powder known as kratom that Slate Belt Regional police say they found in the laundry room of Brinker's home in the 400 block of George Street. Two women in the home had alerted police to the parcel, shipped Aug. 2 from Indonesia, according to court records.
It turns out kratom, also known as Mitragyna speciosa leaf powder, is "not defined as a controlled substance," Morganelli confirmed. As a result, the felony count of drug possession with intent to deliver was dropped last month, he said.
Brinker still faces two misdemeanors for a small amount of marijuana and pipe that police reportedly found exactly where Brinker said they'd be during the Oct. 11 search.
Slate Belt Regional police Chief David Mettin has deferred comment on the case to the district attorney's office, beyond saying in an email that "the substance tested positive for a Schedule 1 drug. That's what he was charged with is the possession with intent."
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration had announced plans Aug. 31 to classify kratom's active ingredients, mitragynine and 7-hydroxymitragynine, as Schedule 1 drugs, alongside the likes of LSD, heroin and marijuana.
An outcry followed, and the DEA on Oct. 13 made it official that kratom's components would "remain -- as has been the case -- noncontrolled substances under federal law." The agency continues to study the drug, and is seeking public comment until Dec. 1 as it considers its next step.
To Keep #Kratom Legal, Do This Before Dec.1st: https://t.co/jE1981Bgip Tell the DEA what kratom has done for you! Do it soon if U want it! -- Paul Kemp (@healthseeker) November 15, 2016
Kratom has a devoted following, with online communities celebrating its use as a natural pain reliever an alternative to narcotics. News of Brinker's arrest led to outrage voiced via social media.
@billmaher They have started 2 arrest ppl 4 Kratom Free Barry Brinker Flowers and leaves R not a felony #IAmKratom https://t.co/fa93umoIYT -- Kelly James (@KellyJeanJames) October 13, 2016
Brinker remained Wednesday in Northampton County Prison, according to staff there, in lieu of $30,000 bail set at his arraignment about 10:15 p.m. Oct. 11. Thursday's preliminary hearing on the remaining two misdemeanors begins at 9 a.m. before District Judge Alicia Rose Zito.
His attorney, Mark Minotto, has not returned calls for comment on the case. Efforts to reach his home for comment have failed because numbers listed for the address were not functioning.
Up in smoke? Pot expansion meets newly strong GOP
Brinker's only previous arrest, according to an Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts database, was for marijuana possession with intent to deliver in November 2001 in Monroe County. He was sentenced to one to 23 months in prison and ordered to pay a $1,000 fine, $105 restitution and court costs.
Kurt Bresswein may be reached at kbresswein@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @KurtBresswein and on Facebook. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.
The other day, Evgeni Malkin posted a photo on Instagram of him getting in the Halloween spirit by dressing up as Batman. In honor of the holiday, we talked to a few guys after today's optional practice about their favorite costumes, favorite candy, trick-or-treating and just Halloween in general.
Read on to find out what famous movie duo Sidney Crosby and Brandon Sutter dressed up as, what Jayson Megna and Scott Harrington originally had planned for Halloween and how being Mustache Boy can influence a costume…
Most idiotic climate claim ever?
I'm pretty sure some people lay awake at night trying to come up with new ways to demonstrate that planet is going to hell in a handbasket. As I pointed out in Why climate change communications is like ‘Shaka, when the walls fell', it's all about imagery, not facts.
What better imagery then than turning lobsters into B-movie crustacean cannibals by making a lame-assed “experiment” that you put up on YouTube, complete with movie titles. Of course the non-thinkers are eating this right up, and they don't even need drawn butter. Watch:
From Climate Desk:
Noah Oppenheim's plan was simple: Rig a young lobster underneath a waterproof, infrared camera; drop the contraption overboard off the coast of Maine; and see who comes along for a bite to eat. The takers, he expected, would be fish: Cod, herring, and other “groundfish” found in these waters that are known to love a good lobster dinner. Similar experiments conducted in the 1990s showed that apart from being snatched up in one of the thousands of traps that sprinkle the sea floor here—tools of this region's signature trade—fish predation was the principle cause of lobster death. Instead, Oppenheim, a marine biology graduate student at the University of Maine, captured footage that looks like it comes straight from the reel of a 1950s B-grade horror movie: Rampant lobster cannibalism.
First, lobsters are scavengers, so they'll take advantage of anything that is stressed, dying, or dead. No surprises there.
Second , the fossil record of clawed lobsters extends back at least to the Valanginian Age of the Cretaceous. So of course, they've survived some of the warmest periods of Earth's history.
Third, it seems there's a hockey stick in lobsters, all while that warmth induced cannibalism is going on:
Source of data: Maine Dept. of Marine Resources.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
NEW YORK: In a major setback to Indian diplomat Devyani Khobragade , a federal judge has rejected her plea to extend the January 13 deadline for a preliminary hearing on the visa fraud issue, the date by when she has to be charged.Shortly after the issuance of the order in which the judge said "good cause" has not been demonstrated in the plea, Khobragade's laywer Daniel Arshack said he is "considering" other options.The three-page order, by which Khobragade will have to appear in court, means the indictment against her will now have to filed before or on January 13. It was issued late yesterday."We are considering our options," Khobragade's lawyer Daniel Arshack told PTI when asked about the request for extending the indictment deadline being denied by the judge. He did not elaborate.However, sources said one of the options Khobragade, 39, now has is to file another motion in court seeking extension of the indictment deadline and preliminary hearing.In her order, magistrate judge Sarah Netburn of the US district court for the southern district of New York said adjournment of the date will not grant her the "relief she seeks" regarding plea negotiations between her and the government to resolve the visa fraud case.An indictment or information charging the defendant with the commission of an offence must be filed within 30 days of the date of the defendant's arrest or service of a summons in connection with such charges, she said.Any adjournment of the preliminary hearing date will not have any impact on the filing of the indictment."The defendant has requested only that the preliminary date be adjourned for 30 days for good cause shown... Because a modification of the hearing date will not itself alter the time period for the filing of an indictment or information, the defendant's concerns regarding the pressures of an impending indictment on plea negotiations will not grant her the relief she seeks.""Therefore, good cause has not been demonstrated, and the defendant's request for an adjournment of the preliminary hearing date is denied," Netburn said.She said since Khobragade was arrested on December 12, 2013, she "must be indicted (or an information by the government must be filed against her)" by January 13."Therefore, an extension of the preliminary hearing date ...will not relieve the pressure identified by the defendant. Moreover, the defendant cannot extend Speedy Trial time limits merely by filing a waiver."In a January 7 letter to the federal court, Khobragade had said the "pressure of the impending" deadline of the indictment and preliminary hearing is interfering in the meaningful discussions between her and the government to resolve the visa fraud case.Manhattan US attorney Preet Bharara's office is required to file an indictment in the case within 30 days of Khobragade's arrest and the deadline for the indictment is January 13.The order means the indictment against Khobragade will now have to filed before or on January 13.Bharara had opposed Khobragade's request for extension saying that his office has been participating in plea discussions with Khobragade over the past several weeks and these discussions to resolve the issue can continue even after the indictment has been filed.In a letter dated January 6, Khobragade, through her counsel, had said that the impending preliminary hearing date is negatively affecting the ability of counsel and the government to engage in productive plea negotiations.In a subsequent letter, Arshack had termed the issuance of an indictment as a "polarizing event" and sought moving the preliminary hearing deadline to February 12.
Nov 18, 2012; Foxborough, MA, USA; Indianapolis Colts quarterback Andrew Luck (12) at the line of scrimmage against the New England Patriots during the first half at Gillette Stadium. The Patriots defeated the Indianapolis Colts 59-24. Mandatory Credit: David Butler II-USA TODAY Sports
The Indianapolis Colts and New England Patriots don't like each other. They've been fierce rivals for nearly two decades, with the Pats admittedly generally coming out ahead. This offseason has added a new layer of hate with the Colts helping to out the Patriots and Tom Brady as cheaters, again.
One of the biggest difference between the Colts and Patriots is that the Colts don't have the unwavering support of the local media. Most of the media in Indy wants the team to do well (it is always more fun to cover a winning team, after all) but they don't pull punches either.
Bob Kravitz once called for Tony Dungy to be fired. Yes, that Dungy. The one who can do no wrong in the state of Indiana and would get a standing ovation anywhere he went.
Gregg Doyel has taken shots at the Colts and management, questioning their draft and free agent strategy. He bashed the decision to force Trent Richardson on the field repeatedly (but who hasn't?).
The numerous radio shows are regularly critical and never have a need to fall over themselves defending the team (although there have a a few soft interviews).
Simply put, the collective Indy media hasn't played cheerleader for the Colts. And they certainly don't fend off every perceived slight against the Colts.
The folks at WEEI, Boston's sports talk radio, have a different approach. Jerry Thornton, who I can only assume is employed as a professional Pats defender, has a portfolio of paranoia.
One of his most recent headlines reads “Colts Whining New Extra Point Rule Favors Patriots.” Alright, that is certainly one way to look at things.
Among his evidence, he cites a recent interview with ex-Patriots kicker Adam Vinatieri. Vinatieri isn't a fan of fixing something that isn't broken. Coach Chuck Pagano also briefly discussed how the new rule could change things up if the weather was bad in road games.
And that's it from current members of the Colts. That is all the “whining” we've heard from the Colts. A future Hall of Fame kicker (who the Patriots owe THREE of their rings to) and a coach make a correct observation about how the rule will affect strategy.
Vinatieri is hardly the only NFL kicker to be concerned with the rule change, but as the most accomplished kicker in the league, his comments are going to get some attention. Some kickers liked the challenge, others saw it as a challenge.
Thornton goes on to cite a radio interview with former GM Bill Polian on the new rule:
Ex-Colts GM Bill Polian on XM Radio – ‘This was, in a different form, proposed by the New England Patriots. The reason they proposed it is obvious. In January and December, and even in late November, in northern climes (like) Foxboro, Buffalo, Cleveland, Chicago, Pittsburgh ‘ well documented, of course, in Pittsburgh at the open end of the stadium, how difficult it is to kick field goals. The team from the northern climes that plays and practices in the harsher weather ‘ the old Meadowlands being a prime example of that ‘ has a decided advantage. And they wouldn't have proposed it if (the Patriots) didn't think it would help them.'
Does that sound like whining? Especially from someone who isn't in charge of a team anymore and doesn't have a reason to care? It isn't like he only cited the advantage for the Pats.
But in the mind of a Patriots apologist and defender, it's whining about an advantage for the Pats…and any other outdoor team in the Northeast. Thornton thinks it is a neutral rule change that couldn't possibly upset anyone, except the current and former Colts.
From Thornton's piece (so you don't have to feed the troll):
But you'd be wrong. For the Colts, old and new, it's a chance to go back to their default setting, which is saying that anything and everything in football is an unfair advantage to the Patriots. It's a proud Indy tradition unlike any other. Whether its getting the rule – forgive me, “point of emphasis” – on defending receivers changed after getting manhandled by the Patriots in the 2003 playoffs to Bill Polian saying Peyton Manning won his one Super Bowl“honestly” to griping about the angle of the TV screen outside CBS scene to Deflategate and everything in between, their core philosophy is A.B.A.: Always Be Accusing. Even if it's something as completely advantage-free as where the extra point is kicked from. So congratulations, Vinatieri, Pagano and (Na)Polian. You got to throw out the first pitch of Bitchfest '15 and you threw a perfect strike. Now if only your defense could learn to tackle as well as you whine you'd be champions too.
That's some real harsh whining by the Colts. It must be tiring to constantly fend off these perceived vicious attacks, now I almost feel bad for the Boston media.
A six-year-old sniffs asparagus suspiciously as his father grapples with a grapefruit and several women admire a selection of cabbages, in search of a bargain.
“Everyone pays 20 kroner (about £2) for a reusable bag to fill with whatever they like,” says Bettina Bach, 31, of Bo Welfare, a social housing project in the Danish city of Horsens that runs the food waste pop-up shop.
“We collect fruit and vegetables from local supermarkets to sell twice a week. It may be that the packaging's damaged or it's nearing its best before date, but it's still good food – so we thought, why let it go to waste?”
Bach and a group of volunteers sells to 100-150 locals each week, and are at the grassroots end of Denmark's battle against food waste, which is one of the most concerted in the world, and has cut waste by a quarter since 2010.
“Customers include those on benefits, refugees, low-income families – anyone really,” says Bach. “We don't ask their background as many people need help these days with cutbacks. There's also a big focus on the environment in Denmark – plus we have really high taxes. Danes love to save money and if they can help the planet at the same time, it's win-win.”
Up the road is Horsens' Visionary Kitchen where volunteers prepare free meals from shop-donated food that has reached its sell-by date. At volunteer-run food bank Kolding Madhjælp, pallets of supermarket produce that have been wrongly marked and might otherwise be destroyed are stocked alongside surplus food from a nearby hotel. Copenhagen's first food waste supermarket, Wefood, has been such a success that a second is planned for Aarhus in 2017.
Startup Too Good To Go tackles waste from Danes' favourite weekend institution: the all-you-can-eat buffet. An app pairs customers with outlets come closing time, allowing them to fill a box with food at knock-down prices. And at Denmark's 103 Q8 service stations staff recycle imperfect pastries into romkugler, or rum balls.
Denmark has more initiatives against food waste in Europe than any other state – from awareness campaigns and partnerships to government subsidies for food waste projects. This is largely thanks to Stop Spild Af Mad - Stop Wasting Food – a lobby group set up by graphic designer Selina Juul.
Juul, 36, is originally from Moscow but moved to Denmark for her mother's work. “Coming from a place where there were food shortages and people queued for bread, I was amazed at how much was wasted in Denmark, so I started a Facebook page.” She began offering tips – “little things like encouraging people to make a list before they go to the supermarket or take a picture of the inside of your fridge with your phone, if you have no time.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Stop Spild Af Mad – Stop Wasting Food – campaign encourages consumers to rethink their approach to food waste, including donating it to projects. Photograph: Thomas Pape/Bo Welfare
“I started the page as an angry consumer, but Denmark's a small country, so it's easy to get press coverage and the message spreads. Three months later, the country's biggest low-cost supermarket chain, Rema 1000, agreed to replace all its quantity discounts [like buy two get the third free] with single item discounts to minimise food waste and I was speaking at the EU parliament.” That was in 2008. Today, all supermarkets in Denmark have a strategy to reduce food waste.
“Stop Spild Af Mad works because we present solutions, not just problems,” says Juul. In 2015, a Gallup survey showed that every second Dane had a UFO, “unidentified frozen object”, in their freezer. “So we ran a campaign about having a clearout once a month to eat your UFOs,” says Juul. “We also promoted ‘Sunday leftover tapas', and the idea that if you're going away, you give your neighbour everything in your fridge – and they do the same for you.”
“It's been a great exercise in reframing,” says the Danish food blogger Malou Rotvel Pagh, 43. “There used to be a stigma around leftovers but Selina changed that – her legwork resulted in a mental shift. People used to be embarrassed to ask for a doggy bag at a restaurant, as though they were taking home leftovers only good enough to feed the dog. Selina rebranded them as ‘goody bags', filled with food you've already paid for – like your groceries – so why wouldn't you bring them home?”
Late last week, after a long journey, a group of 24 young men arrived by bus in a tiny town about an hour outside of Bratislava, Slovakia's capital city.
Most of the men had traveled for at least a month from their homes in war-torn Syria, following a path that took them first to Turkey, then across the Aegean Sea and through Greece, Macedonia, Serbia, and Hungary, then into Austria.
“We lost everything in our country,” says Mahmood Alokla, 24, who came from outside Damascus. “We lost our sisters and our brothers. We paid all our money—and for this. We don't want it.”
Alokla and the other refugees who were sent to a camp in Gabčíkovo (pronounced gab-chee-kovo) say they want to stay in Austria. They proudly display their Austrian ID cards. A few have family in the country. But as the result of a deal between Austrian and Slovak leaders, the refugees were put on a bus and moved. Some of them were separated from family members they had traveled with from Syria.
Years of conflict in Syria, splintered warring factions, and the rise of ISIS have all driven hundreds of thousands of people to seek safer lives elsewhere. The influx of these asylum-seekers—in addition to thousands more fleeing danger zones around the Middle East and North Africa—has lead to concerns and confusion about where they can, and will, end up.
“I want to be in Vienna,” says Abdelkarim Alorfi, 26, sitting on the crumbling steps of the main building of the refugee's housing camp. Alorfi was separated from his brother's family when he left Austria. “I don't want to be here. The police are watching.”
View Images Refugees collect their luggage at the camp in Gabčíkovo, Slovakia. Photograph by Igor SvÃ­tok, Demotix, Corbis
The camp, made up of a series of run-down buildings belonging to the Slovak University of Technology, has been used to accommodate refugees in the past, but it's been empty for the last six years. A police car sits in a parking lot, and others drive through on surveillance runs.
It's no secret that the Slovak government has been loath to accept asylum seekers from the Middle East as the number reaching Western Europe has grown to what many are calling crisis levels in recent weeks.
In late July, Slovakia agreed to temporarily house 500 refugees from Austria in the Gabčíkovo camp. In early August, the townspeople staged a referendum that garnered a nearly 97 percent vote against allowing refugees to stay at the camp.
Reports in mid-August indicated the Slovak government would agree to relocate up to 200 Syrians, and initially suggested that these refugees had to be Christian (the BBC reports that about ten percent of Syrians were Christian before the conflict started).
Marches against the “Islamisation” of Slovakia and Europe have drawn crowds in Bratislava. The most recent saw an estimated 1,000 protesters just a day before the refugees arrived in Gabčíkovo. Plans for a protest against the acceptance of migrants—initiated by the far-right People's Party and set to take place in Gabčíkovo, whose residents are mostly ethnic Hungarian—were thwarted by police earlier in September.
On Tuesday, the EU pushed through a measure that would disperse 120,000 refugees across Europe—with Slovakia taking on fewer than 1,000 initially. Slovakia was one of four countries to vote against the proposal. Following the decision, Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico continued to hold strong against quotas.
Alorfi says he thinks he will be in Slovakia for 60 days. Others say five days. One man, speaking on his cell phone a few feet away, shouts over to the rest of the group in Arabic, “Where are we?” A few respond, “Slovakia!”
The men say they are confused as to why they are in Slovakia. They say they were never told they would be moved out of Austria.
“We are like animals,” says Dewan Mohammad, 33. “We are here today. We don't know tomorrow. This is how it is for us Syrians.”
View Images A group of refugees that traveled from Syria to Austria were, to their surprise, moved to Slovakia, where residents have protested their arrival. Tarek Abood (left) and Abdelkarim Alorfi are among many awaiting a decision on their applications for asylum in Austria. Photograph by Meghan Sullivan
The day before the refugees arrived, Slovakia's health minister Viliam Čislák was out talking with the media about the need to be sure all the migrants were in good health and had been vaccinated. The same day, Prime Minister Robert Fico and Interior Minister Robert Kalinak told reporters that Slovakia, in conjunction with the Czech Republic, was open to creating a corridor through Slovakia to allow safe passage of refugees into Germany, if Germany supported the idea.
The concern among many Slovaks is that their nation of 5.4 million cannot accommodate a large influx of immigrants, socially or economically. Prime Minister Fico has said that the current system doesn't control for potential terrorists slipping in under the radar. And Foreign Minister Miroslav Lajcak told NPR on Friday that it doesn't make sense to give asylum to refugees who, effectively, want to establish themselves elsewhere.
“Sometimes you feel like no one respects you,” Alokla says. “It's hard in Austria, but we have friends and family. We come here only because of war. “I hope to just be near my sister. It's peace for me. As you have family, we have. As you have feelings, we have. After some time, if you see the people, you would respect us.”
As the refugees head into the cafeteria for a lunch provided by the Slovak government, a local woman pushes her young grandson by in a stroller. When asked what she thinks of the situation, she just shrugs her shoulders.
Image caption One passenger saw a woman collapse while she waited on the stricken train
A Tube train that broke down in a tunnel stranding 733 passengers was a special Diamond Jubilee service, Transport for London (TfL) has said.
Passengers were led down down the track after the train stopped on the Jubilee line at 17:35 BST on Wednesday near St John's Wood, in north-west London.
TfL commissioner Peter Hendy said the system "won't be perfect, but it will be OK" for the Olympics.
The train bears bunting decorations for the Queen's Diamond Jubilee.
Jennifer Siggs, 27, from Acton, west London, was one of the passengers stuck underground for more than four hours.
She saw one woman slumped on the ground who appeared to be struggling to breathe in the heat. She and another woman, a diabetic, were among those given first aid.
'Can't be happening'
Ms Siggs said: "It was so frustrating. For the first hour the driver kept saying we would hopefully move shortly. The driver was talking so quietly and we couldn't hear him over the ventilation units."
She said that the police, paramedics and TfL staff had been very helpful but the situation had been "ridiculous".
She added: "You kept thinking, 'This can't be happening'."
Image caption The train which broke down is one of two with special Jubilee livery
The Met Office recorded the surface level temperature at Hampstead at 24C (75F) when the train broke down.
London Ambulance Service said two ambulance crews, three duty managers and a hazardous area response team had been sent.
They treated a 27-year-old woman, but would not specify what was wrong with her. She was taken to the Royal Free Hospital, while two others were treated at the scene.
A TfL spokesman said the 733 passengers would receive £40, and fares would be refunded for anyone on the Jubilee line during the disruption.
Nigel Holness, London Underground operations director, said it was "clearly not the level of service customers have a right to expect".
'Laughing stock'
"Our staff tried to move the train. This was not successful and we subsequently took the decision to walk passengers off the train," he said.
Passengers on the Jubilee Line have endured months of shutdowns Val Shawcross, Labour's transport spokesman
Mr Hendy said the same "major failure" affected two trains at the same time.
He responded to criticism, saying: "There's no transport system on earth that will perform perfectly all the time. We're working very hard to make it as reliable as possible."
But London Assembly Member and Labour's transport spokesman Val Shawcross said she feared London could end up "an international laughing stock" when the Games are held.
She said: "The Olympic Games opening ceremony is now less than nine weeks away and still ordinary commuters are being hit by delays caused by faulty track, faulty trains and faulty signals.
"Passengers on the Jubilee Line have endured months of shutdowns for maintenance and upgrade works that were supposed to stop this happening.
"So why are there still issues with the line? What will happen if the chaos happens during the Olympic Games?"
Olympic venues
Mr Hendy apologised for delays, telling the BBC it was "very unsatisfactory".
But he said the experience was not typical of a line that operates 30 trains an hour and is "becoming more reliable".
"Yes, there's a question about how well the system will perform during the Olympics, and the answer is, it won't be perfect but it will be OK.
"And actually, if you look at last night, every one of the Olympic venues along the line was served during the entire period of the failure."
He said London's transport network was "very dense" and part of its resilience was that "when one piece of it fails the rest of it is sufficient to carry us through".
Back to school time, so let's start with a quick quiz. The minimum wage in Britain is £6.31 an hour, while in New York it's $8 an hour, or £4.93. So who do you think's better paid: a hotel cleaner in London or one in Manhattan? You at the back: stop Googling. At the heart of this question lies one of the most important issues in economics and politics today – who gets paid what, and how. And the answer: New York City wins.
A cleaner on London's Park Lane will almost certainly be on or around the minimum wage, say £6.31 for each hour. Her counterpart (because, let's face it, it's almost always women doing this physically punishing work) on New York's Park Avenue is likely to be on nearly three times as much: an agreed hourly rate of $28.50, or £17.66.
Those figures upend most of what we're usually told about how the economy works. How many times have you heard some frontbench MP or policy wonk blithely talk about how the labour market is dividing between “lovely jobs” and “lousy jobs”? As if the choice is between being a software engineer, say, or a care assistant. The implication is that anyone in the second category has opted for poverty pay and miserable conditions. In that worldview, you don't get much lowlier than scrubbing someone else's toilets. But the folk who do it in Manhattan hotels can expect to earn an annual salary of £32,150 – way above the average salary for all New Yorkers, and indeed for all Britons.
How often have you heard some otherwise well-meaning progressive sigh that it's impossible to get multinationals to play nicely? To pay their staff well, or chip in their taxes. Well, here you have two people doing the same job in the same industry for the same global chains (Hilton, Holiday Inn, Hyatt) in two wealthy world cities – but one is earning nearly three times as much as the other.
So, what makes the difference between the hotel staff in London and New York? In our capital, between 2% and 4% of all hotel workers are in a trade union. Over the Atlantic, about 70% of New York hotel staff are unionised. Offer such high memberships to a public sector union official over here and they'd bite your hand off. And the hotel and motel trades council has just signed a deal taking a room cleaner's salary up to $69,000 by 2024. A lot of Gotham city's junior academics and journalists can only dream of such guaranteed earnings.
Go to the TUC conference in Liverpool this week and you'll hear plenty of speakers complain about how Britain's booming jobs market is really a boom in the lowest-paid service work. Graduates are becoming not barristers but baristas – and not just for a few weeks but for years. All true enough; but such complaints can slide into a lazy fatalism that restaurants and hotels and adult social care must inevitably be low-paid and exploitative of insecure migrant labour.
That response is wrong for two reasons. First, for the labour movement to recognise that Britain's major growth industries are in poverty-pay sectors, and then not to try organising those sectors, amounts to little more than an early call for its obituarists to get typing. Second, workers in those sectors can not only organise – they can take serious industrial action. Rather than accept a 35% pay cut, care staff in Doncaster have been on strike for nearly nine weeks. After seeing one in three of their colleagues made redundant, carers in the north London borough of Barnet have just begun a planned walk-out. Cleaners and other ancillary staff at parts of the University of London have fought for, and won, living wages.
The grievances of London's hotel staff are no less serious. I spent part of the weekend talking to workers for InterContinental Hotels Group. If you've ever been in a Holiday Inn or an InterContinental or a Crowne Plaza, you'll know IHG. On some measures, it is the biggest hotel group in the world. It's also a tight-fisted employer: despite having promised two years ago to pay staff in the capital the London living wage, most of its employees are on just above minimum wage: about £6.81 an hour. None of the staff I talked to reported pay rises. What they did point out was hearing from managers how well the hotels were performing, how heavily booked they were.
Over the past 11 years, IHG has given shareholders nearly $10bn. Its chief executive will be paid a minimum of £1m this year and a maximum of £4.1m – yet it cannot afford to pay some of the poorest people in London £8.80 an hour. Ask the press office why not, and it says the company will meet its target by 2017.
This is a business that counts on staff turning to the taxpayer for benefits to top up poverty pay. It's a multinational that can't be bothered to train or keep its staff, all of whom asked to be kept anonymous for fear of reprisals. One woman told me how, without an induction, she was launched on to the reception desk of a big London hotel: “Within half an hour, I had a breakdown – I was crying.” A black British man related how he was called “chocolate boy” by a colleague – and managers refused to intervene. I heard stories of how hotel cleaners start the day with a handful of painkillers. Kevin Curran of the union Unite attests that IHG hotel managers warn staff not to talk to him – then try to stop him handing out leaflets on the road in the grounds. Then they claim that this 50-year-old wiry marathon runner is “intimidating”.
Sad stories like these are not inevitable: New York City proves that. The lesson from hotel workers there is that a classically disorganised sector can be organised; that the biggest of multinationals can hold to binding local agreements. It takes committed, deft organising, true: not the bunch of lay organisers and one full-timer Unite has so far devoted to London's hotels. But it's possible. One thing ties together good jobs and crap jobs: both are produced not only by economics but by politics too.
Twitter: @chakrabortty
Screenshot from the Oracle Website (source)
Java SE Licenses overview page (source)
So. Oracle want's to make money from Java. And The Register published a very polarising piece with a super catchy title about it. According to their sources, "Oracle is massively ramping up audits of Java customers it claims are in breach of its licences". While the Twitter-verse went ballistic about people criticising Oracle's behaviour, I want to take a minute to recap, why I am against this method and clarify, that the normal developer and user have nothing to fear!You know me in and around the Oracle-sphere since many years. And tweeting at the moment is probably the most important part of how you can get the lastest news about me. I rarely post on this blog lately, because there is so much to do and I do a bunch of posts for my employer already.The tweet I send was basically the title of The Register article and replies and reactions implied that just by spreading a FUD article, I am hurting the community. Let's look into the details.NO. We are covered. The Binary Code License (BCL) explicitly mentions:"Oracle grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license without fees to reproduce internally and use internally the Software complete and unmodified for the purpose of designing, developing, and testing your Programs."There are some cases you should be aware of."You may not use the Commercial Features for running Programs, Java applets or applications in your internal business operations or for any commercial or production purpose, or for any purpose other than as set forth in Sections B, C, D and E of these Supplemental Terms."- If you use a commercial feature in your local environment and stage it to test, you might not be covered.- If you are accessing any of the JMX MBeans under oracle.jrockit.management and bea.jrockit.management to enable observation of a running JVM, independently of the monitoring solutions, you are not covered.- Flight Recorder, Mission Control and everything mentioned in the below linked PDF are commercial and you can only use them on your local machine.A complete list of commercial features is listed in Table 1-1 on page 5 of the Java SE product edition description (PDF) . As a general rule of thumb, make sure to NOT use the -XX:+UnlockCommercialFeatures option.This mostly affects companies who are already Oracle customers and have access to the commercial features, that are most interesting (e.g. MSI Enterprise installer). Funny enough, WebLogic for example includes a Java SE license ( random product link ).You can go with various alternatives. First of all, there is the OpenJDK itself. Windows builds are a little tricky, as they are not available directly from the project. Only latest development releases are available for Windows. But you can also get binaries from Azul ( Zulu ) and Red Hat . If you are a Red Hat customer of any JBoss Middleware product, you also get support from them.I do like, that Oracle is sponsoring the Java development and I acknowledge that they invest significant manpower into the project. But that doesn't get them a carte blanche to get away with everything.My main point of criticism is, that Oracle makes it easy to accidentally use commercial features. And yes, as people on Twitter pointed out, you should have just read the license and know about it. But as a matter of fact, I believe that separation of concerns is a good design decision. Instead of directing potential customers and users from the OpenJDK site to java.oracle.com with the comment "which are based largely on the same code" and not even distantly mentioning, that these do contain commercial features which you aren't allowed to use, it would be easier to have separate commercial and open source builds.If you click around on the Oracle Java website you have a couple of hints at Licenses. But they don't get you the full picture.And there are plenty of more examples. The number one search result from (my personalized) Google for "Java License Business" leads to this page for example . Speaking of misleading information, I think, this is a good example. If license conditions aren't well known, it's also easier to change them. Which probably hasn't been the case, since the BCL PDF linked was last updated 02 April 2013.My personal opinion is, that it can't be healthy for the community to stop improving. And improvements don't come from silence. Unfortunately, Oracle doesn't have a great history in listening to their communities which also might lead to some catchy and inappropriate headlines from time to time. Nevertheless, let's stay wary and keep communicating things that could improve. It'll help the community more than it hurts in the long run: Open communication is a sign of a healthy community and the way it deals with feedback and criticism is the gauge for their values.
We've been told many things about the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) that aren't true. For example, IPCC reports are not based entirely on peer-reviewed literature (see here and here). Nor are they necessarily written by the world's top experts (see here and here). Nor has the IPCC sought the input of thousands of scientists regarding the crucial question of whether or not humans are responsible for global warming. Rather, that determination was made by the authors of a single chapter of the 2007 IPCC report (out of a total off 44).
So it isn't surprising that doubt is being cast on yet another IPCC claim. According to the catechism, one of the reasons we can be assured the IPCC is a neutral and objective body is because it isn't in the business of producing original research. In the words of an explanatory page on its website, the IPCC “does not conduct any research” of its own. It merely assesses whatever material happens to be available.
Many IPCC insiders believe this to be the case. But others allege that the IPCC isn't as arms-length as it claims to be. Last year 232 people answered a questionnaire distributed by an external committee investigating the IPCC. All their answers were released in a 678-page PDF here after their names were removed. The remarks below are those of IPCC insiders only – authors, review editors, and bureau members. All bolding has been added by me.
The person speaking on page two expresses the IPCC party line:
The IPCC does not (and should not) do any research…
Similar comments may be found on pages 58, 98, 206, 210 and 211. Yet, according to a lead author whose remarks appear on page 188:
…on a number of occasions the IPCC has been connected to [climate] model intercomparisons/harmonization and scenario development which border on research.
This person's concern isn't so much that the IPCC's no-research rule is being violated, but that when this occurs, the research the IPCC has commissioned is given more weight than alternative findings:
Such research should not be given preferential treatment compared to other sources of research – there should be a level playing field and not favored models or groups… (p. 188)
A second lead author volunteers that the IPCC:
…has at times, in my opinion, strayed into creating literature rather than assessing literature. I am thinking particularly of past special reports on emissions scenarios that generated “IPCC scenarios” rather than assessing scenarios [already available] in the literature. (p. 69)
This theme is confirmed by someone else who observes on page 322 that while the tables and graphs appearing in IPCC reports used to be copied from already-published studies (which had presumably received quality-assurance checks via the peer-review process), these exhibits are now more likely to be prepared “specifically for the IPCC reports.”
This means that some of the material the IPCC authors want to include has not, in fact, been published previously. Again, this person's concern isn't that the rules are being flouted flaunted . Rather, s/he tells us that the IPCC authors find it onerous to construct these exhibits themselves.
Apparently it doesn't stop with graphs and charts. When information that IPCC authors wish to include in their chapter does not already exist in the peer-reviewed literature, some of them aren't above arranging for it to be inserted there. Says one person:
Governments want the chapter to cover questions of current relevance for which there [is] often “grey literature” but little peer reviewed literature…An approach that has been used in such cases is that lead authors try to have material published in peer reviewed journals while they are drafting the IPCC chapter so that the published or in press article can be cited in the final draft of the IPCC chapter. (p. 68)
This is surely a no-no. If the public is being told the IPCC surveys only the currently-available literature, it's surely cheating for IPCC authors to deliberately plant select information in journals.
This does, however, shed light on a curious discovery I made last year. The 2007 IPCC report references no less than 16 articles from a single issue of the journal Climatic Change. All told, there are 39 citations spread across four IPCC chapters.
The difficulty is that this issue wasn't published until May 2007. Which means it didn't exist during the time period in which the IPCC report was being written and reviewed. (The last cut-off date for IPCC expert reviewer comments for the working groups involved was July 21, 2006. But 15 of these 16 papers weren't even accepted for publication by the journal until two months later.)
As I wrote last May, this means there are at least 39 citations in the 2007 IPCC report that:
…don't reference research papers the wider scientific community had already digested. They don't even reference papers that were hot off the press. Instead, in 15 of 16 cases, no expert reviewer could possibly have evaluated these papers since they hadn't yet been accepted for publication by the journal itself.
It is difficult to avoid the conclusion that some IPCC authors have been playing fast-and-loose with the rules – and that they may have been assisted in this regard by supposedly neutral academic journals. When one considers that many IPCC authors also fill senior positions at academic journals, a theoretical loophole starts to look like a potentially serious problem. Yet to my knowledge, the IPCC has never acknowledged that this sort of bad behaviour might be a concern.
The answers insiders provided to the questionnaire also highlight the fact that 22 years of ongoing IPCC reports (including 4 large assessments, with a fifth underway) have – inadvertently or not – begun to exert an influence on the kind of climate research that is judged to be necessary, relevant, and worthy of funding by governments and research institutes.
For example, one coordinating lead author observes:
I am greatly concerned that the current model is unsustainable. It produces serious burnout in the research community and consumes valuable resources for tasks such as running the SRES scenarios with high-resolution global climate models (GCMs). It is doubtful whether this rather routine task of running the scenarios, which is undertaken only because IPCC asks for it, is an optimal use of skilled GCM scientists and massive supercomputer power. In short, the current IPCC model places a severe burden on the research community. (p. 87)
Here are a few more voices:
A relatively incoherent narrative (in my opinion) has been established by the IPCC, and scientific research in the field proceeds by embellishing this established narrative. And the end result is that we are not asking the right questions in the field of climate research, but the IPCC continues with assessing the research that has been done in response to the narrative that it has established. (p. 97)
The “IPCC community”, meaning the authors involved in IPCC reports as well as the IPCC itself, has, in effect, evolved from a panel assessing the literature on climate change to an active commissioner of research on behalf of governments. This is particularly evident as successive IPCC reports move ever closer to providing actual climate science services. (p. 325) Much as I value what the IPCC has accomplished to date, I do question the necessity of continued end to end assessments. How much is it really meeting the needs of the policy community…and how much of it is really sustaining the interests and professional stature of the various research communities that have become intertwined with the IPCC? I wonder. (p. 366) …the IPCC schedule is having a detrimental impact on the global base research agenda with the research activities being steered by the IPCC timing. (p. 519)
In other words, the IPCC – like any other large, influential organization – does not exist in a vacuum. It must be understood in its larger context.
And if some IPCC insiders are volunteering, in the course of airing other concerns, that people aren't following the IPCC's own rules, the integrity of the end product is called into question.
.
It's the dazzle of science, bottled up in the service of beauty. And the claims are tempting.
Cosmetics offer "cell renewal," "energy infusion," "elastin stimulating peptides," ingredients that are "clinically proven to change the anatomy of a wrinkle", anti-inflammatory agents that "inhibit enzymes" and "cellular breakdown," "age repairing anti-oxidants" that increase "cell growth."
Problem is, if the products did any of that, they'd be drugs.
Illegal drugs?
Anything that triggers metabolic or cellular activity, modifying cellular structure or affecting body function is considered to be a drug by both Health Canada and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and cannot be offered for sale without meeting strict regulatory requirements under the law.
"You could look at it this way, either these cosmetics don't work the way they say they do, or if they do work, then they're illegal drugs," said Perry Romanowski, a cosmetic chemist on a mission to debunk the marketing claims about cosmetics.
The blunt truth is that, despite their glamour, the list of things cosmetics can do is short, superficial and pedestrian.
Hair is dead and it's amazing the number of claims they can come out with to convince you to get healthy hair. - Perry Romanowsk, cosmetic chemist
Skin creams, moisturizers, soaps, shampoos and conditioners can remove dirt and debris from the surface of skin and hair. They can coat the surface with something to make it feel slippery, or soft, or moist. And they can add colour and fragrance. And they do that using a list of functional ingredients that have been around for decades.
"Hair is dead and it's amazing the number of claims they can come out with to convince you to get healthy hair," Romanowksi said.
He says most of the products are just variations on the same theme, built from a catalogue of functional ingredients, including petrolatum, found in petroleum jelly, mineral oil, glycerine and detergents.
But because those functional ingredients can be sticky, with unappealing colour and odour, formulators add aesthetic ingredients that improve the feel, fragrance and colour, along with stabilizers and preservatives to ensure the shelf life.
'Fairy dust' ingredients
But the most important ingredient is the "fairy dust," a small drop of something science-y or natural, that has a negligible effect on the way the product works, but gives the marketers something to sell, Romanowksi said.
"You just put in a small drop in your formula, but then that becomes really most of the marketing story," said Romanowski.
"It's really frustrating for a scientist to put a lot of hard work and testing into a product, and to know if you just change the fragrance or add a drop of the 'fairy dust' that product is going to sell better than the product you worked really hard on. But that's the reality of the cosmetic market."
It's all baloney. There really isn't that much science behind a lot of the products that are being sold. - Prof. Timothy Caulfield , University of Alberta
And increasingly those "fairy dust" ingredients have an aura of science, claiming to trigger some metabolic function.
"They are trying to use the scientific sounding terminology to make it sound like there is this in-depth science behind it and often in the ads they will have people wearing white coats and a lot [of] DNA-looking-like visuals but it's all baloney. There really isn't that much science behind a lot of the products that are being sold," said Timothy Caulfield, University of Alberta health law ethics professor and author, who has researched cosmetic claims.
"If a product claims to have stem cells you should be immediately skeptical," Caulfield says. "The chance of it actually having an active stem cell in it is virtually zero."
The FDA has issued seven warning letters so far this year, warning cosmetic companies to stop making claims that cosmetics are biologically active, which would make them drugs, under the law.
"Is there any product that you can buy in the store that is going to have a dramatic impact? I think the answer is no," Caulfield said
Secret from the cosmetic chemist
One final secret from the cosmetic chemist: Romanowksi says price does not reflect quality.
"It's a reality in the cosmetic industry that price and the functionality of the product are really not tied together at all. The price is really reflective of the brand story, the packaging, the size of the company, the distribution. It has almost nothing to do with the cost that it takes to create the formula that goes in the bottle ."
Ask Caulfield. For his latest book about the clash between science and celebrity, Is Gwyneth Paltrow Wrong About Everything? he spent a year testing over-the-counter skin products.
"I learned that it is time-consuming, it's expensive and it has almost no impact on your skin — in fact for me it had zero impact."
After researching the book, Caulfield's advice is simple.
To look young, he simply suggests people stay out of the sun, wear sunscreen, don't smoke, get a good night's sleep and exercise. "That's more important than trying to reduce the wrinkles that you have."
Pinball Pianola from Lucas Abela on Vimeo.
The mechanical and kinetic collide – literally – with the sonic, in a devilishly-inventive hybrid instrument that cross-breeds a pinball table with a piano. Australian artist Lucas Abela is joining us next month as part of CTM Festival: The Golden Age. In the meantime, he shares this work.
I've devised a Frankenstein experiment, combining the greatest musical invention of all time, the Piano; with the coolest amusement machines ever conceived; Pinball, to create an interactive sound installation like no other; ‘Pinball Pianola', a musical device constructed by replacing the keyboard, hammers and front paneling of an upright piano, with a pinball cabinet butted up perpendicular against its exposed strings. Embracing high and low culture this instrument allows virtuosos and wizards alike to pit their skills in a game where musical compositions are created as metallic balls jettisoned into the game clash with the pianos resonating wires. This experiment the first of in a series of individually crafted instruments I'm constructing at Artspace as part of my Australia Council music board project fellowship that introduce musical elements into the iconic game of pinball, making sound generation – not scoring – the games' main objective.
As a pianist, I might actually hate the idea were the sounds of the resonating strings not so compelling. I hope we get to see more. Bio:
Initially classed as a turntablist, Lucas Abela's work has rarely resembled anything in the field, early feats saw him stabb vinyl with Kruger style stylus gloves, bound on electro acoustic trampolines, drag race the pope across the Sydney Harbour Bridge, perform deaf defying duet duels with amplified samurai swords, hospitalised by high powered turntables constructed from sewing machine motors, record chance John Peel sessions with the Flaming Lips, become Otomo Yoshihides' favourite entry into his Ground Zero remix competition; ‘Consummation' (even though instead of sampling the CD he destroyed it using amplified skewers!). Today these turntable roots have become almost unrecognisable, evolving into his infamous glass instrument, the shards being nothing more than a giant diamond tipped stylus you vibrate with your mouth. He has been perfecting the instrument since it's invention in 2003, perfroming internationally as Justice Yeldham and with his glass/ drums/ piano trio, Rice Corpse. Lucas has principally been a live audio artist, perfroming live since 1994 after Oren Ambarchi stumbled across his radio performances, and invited him to play the What is? Music Festival. However Recently he has begun dabbling in sound installation with works like Vinyl Rally, where remote control cars with styli attached are raced over a track made from a mass of disused vinyl records. He also founded of the irreverent dualpLOVER organisation, promoting, touring and releasing stark music from Australia and Abroad.
More:
dualplover.com
At the dawn of the Internet age the domain registry and registrar were one and the same. The registry managed the domain space and also sold domains as a registrar to anyone that wanted one. It's a practice that disappeared in 1998 with the creation of ICANN and the break-up of the integrated Network Solutions Registry/Registrar.
While domain registrars and registries have now been separated for a decade, with a new generation of Top Level Domains (TLDs) soon to be approved, integrated registries may soon return. Opponents of the integrated registry registrar argue that they restrict competition, while advocates argue that it will increase competition.
"Network Solutions is supportive of the current ICANN requirements for existing TLDs which requires that registrars and registries maintain their legal separation," Jon Nevett, senior vice president of Policy & Ethics for Network Solutions told InternetNews.com. "With respect to new TLDs, Network Solutions has advocated a middle-ground" position between those who argue that registrars may not sell new TLDs of affiliated registries and those who argue that the separation requirement be eliminated altogether."
In Network Solutions middle-ground position, registrars would be permitted to sell new TLDs of affiliated registries up to a certain amount of perhaps up to 100,000. Nevett added that once the allocated number of names has been registered, the affiliated registrar would not be able to accept new registrations.
"This proposal would generate more competition by allowing smaller registries to get distribution through an affiliated registrar and would maintain certain safeguards," Nevett said.
Opponents of the integrated registry/registrar approach include domain infrastructure vendor Afilias. Afilias does the technical management for multiple domains including .org, .info and .mobi. While Afilias could financially benefit from being both the registry and the registrar for a TLD, Brian Cute, VP Discovery Services at Afilias told InternetNews.com, the company is not in favor of such a setup.
From Afilias' point of view, enabling a registry to act as a registrar and then sell their own domains is the equivalent of selling direct to the public. The current system doesn't allow for that and enforces a separation between the registry and registrars.
An argument against registry/registrar
According to Cute, there were solid reasons back in 1998 why ICANN divided up the Network Solutions monopoly and in his view the same reasons exist today.
"The registry gets access to a lot of data about domain names, who is looking them up, traffic and other unique and commercially sensitive data that a registrar could use to its advantage," Cute said. "So ICANN originally figured they should prohibit the registry to selling its own TLD because if it did it could discriminate against other registrars and use that data to identify high value domains and raise prices, and that's not the competitive effect that ICANN was looking for."
An ICANN spokesperson was not available for comment by press time.
For its part, Network Solutions doesn't see the same issues about changing cross ownership rules increasing bad acts by registries.
"While that may be a concern, recent history does not prove the concern," Nevett said. "For example, Hostway Corporation operates the .PRO registry and also operates a leading .PRO registrar. Even with these affiliations, there have never been any allegations of domain tasting, front running, or other improper conduct.
"Similar situations exist for .CAT, .MUSEUM, .COOP, and .ME. Certainly, if abusive practices were to occur, this would be an issue for ICANN to address from a compliance standpoint."
ICANN is currently scheduled to provide an update on its next round of TLDs at its meeting in Seoul, Korea at the end of October. The meeting will be the first major ICANN event since the new Affirmation deal with the US government that has ICANN operating without direct US oversight.
For opponents of the integrated registrar registries the meeting will be key to get their point across. At the core, they argue it's about maintaining the checks and balances that have helped the Internet for the last ten years.
"What we're saying is that by taking away a long standing policy of separation and allowing a vertically integrated registrar to sell domains, what you are doing is you are removing the checks and balances that have been in place to mitigate and minimize the abuses that already take place," Alexa Raad CEO of the .org registry told InternetNews.com.
"Without the checks and balances it will be hard to discern the abuse because you don't have anything to check the data against."
105 communities with 48% of state's voters have now voted to overturn Supreme Court decision.
Sign-up for the Urban Milwaukee daily email
On Tuesday, eight more communities in Wisconsin voted by overwhelming margins that they want to see the U.S. Constitution amended to curb the role of money in politics. Monona had the highest margin, with 91 percent voting in favor.
The amendment proclaims that corporations aren't persons and money isn't speech. Such an amendment, if it passed, would overturn the Citizens United decision of 2010 and other U.S. Supreme Court decisions that enshrine corporate personhood and equate money with speech.
Here are the results:
Village of Blue Mounds (88% in favor) Town of Blue Mounds (84%) Caledonia (70%) Crystal Lake (79%) Fox Crossing (81%) Jordan (71%) Monona (91%) Racine (81%)
(There was no referendum in Neshkoro, despite earlier reporting to the contrary.)
Wisconsin now has 105 communities that have gone on record for this amendment. According to United to Amend Wisconsin, the group behind this effort, “2.8 million people (48 percent of Wisconsinites) live in these jurisdictions.”
Wisconsin is second only to Massachusetts in the number of communities that have signed on. And across the country, 18 state legislatures have voted for this amendment.
On April 19, Sen. Dave Hansen and Rep. Lisa Subeck will introduce resolutions for a statewide referendum in Wisconsin on this issue.
Newcastle are poised to sign Jonjo Shelvey from Swansea for around £12m
Newcastle are poised to sign Jonjo Shelvey from Swansea Newcastle are poised to sign Jonjo Shelvey from Swansea
Swansea have agreed to sell Jonjo Shelvey to Newcastle for a fee in the region of £12m.
And the 23-year-old England international midfielder is having his medical in Newcastle today.
Shelvey is set to have a Newcastle medical
Magpies boss Steve McClaren is keen to strengthen his team, who are currently in the Premier League drop zone after an inconsistent start to his reign.
And, if the deal goes through, Shelvey will become Newcastle's second signing in quick succession, following the arrival of Henri Saivet from Bordeaux on Monday.
Shelvey has been capped six times by England and has played almost 80 times for Swansea.
Harry Kane and Shelvey celebrate an England goal
However, having been a key figure for the Swans last season, he has not been guaranteed a starting berth this term.
Swans boss Alan Curtis said after Sunday's FA Cup defeat at Oxford that Shelvey still had a part to play at the club.
But Curtis added: "He wants first team football. It is a big season, coming up into the Euros.
Tony Cascarino gives his thoughts on reports that Newcastle United have agreed a £12m fee with Swansea City to sign midfielder Jonjo Shelvey Tony Cascarino gives his thoughts on reports that Newcastle United have agreed a £12m fee with Swansea City to sign midfielder Jonjo Shelvey
"We can't quite guarantee him first team football at the moment."
Having played at youth team level for Arsenal and West Ham, Shelvey moved on to Charlton, where he made his breakthrough at senior level in 2008.
He became the club's youngest-ever senior goal scorer when he was on target against Norwich, 54 days before turning 17, and moved on to Liverpool in May 2010.
Alan Curtis is unable to guarantee Shelvey first-team football at Swansea
Shelvey made almost 50 appearances during his spell with the Reds but struggled for regular starts and joined the Swans on a four-year deal in the summer of 2013.
He made his England debut in 2012 and has been a regular this season, starting their final three Euro 2016 qualifiers and coming off the bench in the November friendlies against Spain and France.
Attack on Titan TGS 2015 screenshots, stage event gameplay
Stills and on-stage footage of the upcoming PlayStation game.
Koei Tecmo shared new footage and screenshots of its upcoming Attack on Titan game for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, and PS Vita during a stage event at the Tokyo Game Show.
The game will follow the entire story of the Attack on Titan anime's first season. To kill a titan, you must slice the nape of its neck, but you'll also be able to sever its other body parts like its arms and legs in the process. You'll unite with NPC characters in taking out these giants.
Confirmed playable characters include Eren, Mikasa, Armin, Connie, Sasha, and Jean. Confirmed stages include “Plains,” “Giant Tree Forest,” “Communications Base,” and “Barracks.”
For a full outline of the game's features, read up on our previous coverage.
Attack on Titan is due out for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, and PS Vita in Japan this winter, and in North America and Europe in 2016.
Visit the game's newly opened official website here. It should be noted that there is a page for downloadable content that hasn't opened yet. If you missed it, catch the Tokyo Game Show trailer here.
Watch the new footage below, via Koei Tecmo Europe and YouTube user South Planet. View the screenshots at the gallery.
(Off-screen version available at IGN.)
This article provides a synthesis of the dissertation defended by the author in August 2016 for a master's degree at the École d'économie of Paris. It is available in English under the title Public Debt and European Expansionism in Morocco from 1860 to 1956 . The research was conducted under the supervision of Thomas Piketty and Denis Cogneau.
Moroccan indebtedness leading to the 1904 loan had many causes. In the long view, the Sultanate's lack of resources was due to the division of the country between the bled el-Makhsen (ruled directly by the State) and the bled Siba (a territory not subject to central authority, oppositional, dissident)—a duality which was the true mode of regulation of the Cherifian Empire1, but which involved huge military expenditures while still failing to bring the hostile tribes under control.
In the medium term, Morocco suffered from a trade deficit that had become structural since the end of the 1870s. The ensuing massive exports of capital stoked an unending currency crisis, constantly soliciting a flow of incoming capital. This deficit is a direct result of Morocco's opening its borders to trade, beginning in 1856 when a treaty was signed with Great Britain. The extension of the “right of protection”—exemption from all taxes—which Europeans generally were privileged to enjoy, drained Moroccan fiscal resources and undermined the Sultan's authority.
It was in this context of structural weakness that recent political events triggered a crisis. In 1900, the Regent Ba Ahmed died and his nephew, the young Abdelaziz (22) inherited the throne to become putty in the hands of foreign powers. His lavish and extravagant spending (a railroad inside the Meknes palace, automobiles, solid gold cameras…), encouraged by the foreign missions to his court, widened the trade deficit and substantiated accusations of godlessness aimed at the young monarch. Worse still, the reform of the tertib (taxation), carried out at the behest of British envoy Arthur Nicholson, disorganised the fiscal system : the scrapping of traditional Koranic taxes and introduction of a new tax based on planted acreage aroused widespread opposition. Suddenly the Sultan found himself unable to collect any direct taxes from his subjects.
Knowing the European context is essential for an understanding of how the 1904 loan came about. The French foreign minister was working gradually to ensure French preponderance in Morocco, while making every effort not to offend rival powers at a time of intense imperial competition. Théophile Delcassé's doctrine of “peaceful penetration” led him to place his hopes in the financial weapon. Distrustful of the Banque de Paris et des Pays-Bas (Paribas today, hitherto referred to by this name), which embodied international high finance, he began by backing the small Société Gautsch, part of the Schneider industrial group. It was this firm that issued the 1902 Moroccan bond for 7.5 million francs. However, Gautsch did not have sufficient capital to satisfy the expectations of the Foreign Ministry and was obliged to turn to Paribas. But no agreement could be reached and their discords threatened to compromise France's head start in Morocco: in 1903, the country's immediate needs were filled by loans from England and Spain. It was not until after the Entente Cordiale between France and Britain, signed in April 19042, that the loan could be floated in June of that year.
From Debt to Protectorate
The 1904 loan did not improve Morocco's financial position, quite the opposite. Of the 62.5 million francs lent to Morocco, the Sultan received only 10.5 million, the rest having gone to repay previous loans and to cover issue expenses. Before the year was out, the Makhzen was already running short of liquid assets. Thus the 1904 loan initiated a decade of financial distress, in the course of which the Cherifian Empire had no choice but to contract new loans to repay the previous ones. In 1910, a new consolidation loan amounting to 101 million francs completed the country's financial asphyxiation.
Now in spite of this vicious circle, Moroccan indebtedness, calculated by the usual criteria, was remarkably modest. The debt, as measured by the usual indicators (public debt/GDP, see box) was only 10% in 1904 and 35% in 1912. These low figures reveal the nature of this indebtedness. For while Morocco produced enough wealth for the weight of the debt not to appear overwhelming, the central government had no access to that wealth. European expansion, had, in fact, broken the fiscal link between the Makhzen and its people. Following the disastrous fiscal reform of 1901, Sultan Abdelaziz, accused of being the lackey of Europe, had a general uprising on his hands. Eventually, he was deposed in favour of his brother, Moulay Hafid, but the situation could no longer be reversed. From 1903 to 1912, the debt represented somewhere between 10 and 16 years of tax revenue, of which an average 40% was absorbed each year by the service of the debt.
The stock of debt is calculated by carrying out the aggregation of all Moroccan debts for a given year. The GDP is extrapolated in inflation-adjusted francs from figures provided by Samir Amin (1966) and Angus Maddison (2006). The price index used to calculate the GDP in constant francs was constructed on the basis of the index provided at Thomas Piketty's website and that of Tableaux économiques du Maroc, 1915-1959, Maroc, ministère de l'économie nationale, division de la coordination économique et du plan, service central des statistiques, 1960. The figures cited here, before and after 1912, concern only French Morocco.
Paribas Bank, a Major Player
However, the force of the public debt as an instrument of colonial conquest does not lie in its financial nature alone. The debt is also political insofar as it implies the creation of institutions required to manage it and these necessarily impinge on the functions of the State. As soon as the loan contract was signed in 1904, an agency for debt control was created in order to collect directly the customs revenue required to service the debt. Following the 1910 loan, this agency began collecting all of Casablanca's urban taxes and customs duties, besides organising police and security forces throughout the country.
The debt contract of 1904 also provided for the creation of a State Bank of Morocco (BEM), which would not take place until 1907, after the Algeciras Conference (1906)3. The BEM was managed by all the Western signatories of the Algeciras Act, yet it alone held the keys to the Moroccan monetary system: it was made sole issuer of the nation's currency, and became the paymaster of the country with preferential rights over the issuance of any future loans.
In 1912, one economic player enjoyed a key position in the newly conquered Morocco: Paribas, which had taken over de facto the banking syndicate which issued the 1904 and 1910 loans. Consequently it ran the BEM, chaired at its creation by Leopold Renouard who was none other than the vice-chairman of Paribas. Already in 1912 Paribas was interested in developing its Moroccan activities, and had founded, through the banking syndicate which it piloted, La Compagnie générale du Maroc (Génaroc), a huge conglomerate involved in every sector of the Moroccan economy. A chairman of the BEM, Edmond Spitzer summed up the situation in these words: “La Banque de Paris et des Pays-Bas has the undisputed leading role amongst all the groups active in Morrocco: in fact, it controls most of the important sectors of the Morroccan economy in conjunction with our State Bank, the Compagnie générale du Maroc and the Omnium nord-africain”4.
The public debt, in so much as it implies regular financial transfers over the long term, implemented by new institutions, permanently alters the balance of power within the economy. The major role it played in the colonisation of Morocco framed the country's economy for the entire colonial period to come. However, while the weight of Paribas in the Moroccan colonial economy was considerable, we must not forget that the Moroccan market was negligible for Paribas which had operations all over the world. This acute asymmetry illustrates perfectly the imbalance of the colonial relationship.
This report is for the media and public
The SMM monitored the implementation of the “Package of measures for the Implementation of the Minsk agreements”. Movement of heavy weapons was monitored by the SMM in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions.
The SMM monitored four separate “Donetsk People's Republic” (“DPR”) convoys in the Donetsk region. On 28 February, at a location five kilometres east of Donetsk city, the SMM met a “DPR” convoy consisting of four tracked Howitzers, one military-style jeep and one support truck (Ural). The SMM saw another convoy on 28 February close to “DPR”-controlled Bezimenne, (101km south of Donetsk). The convoy consisted of one Armoured Personnel Carrier (APC), four tracked Howitzers, self-propelled cannons and two military-type support vans. On 28 February, the SMM saw a “DPR” convoy in the “DPR”-controlled Torez area (61km east of Donetsk) consisting of one empty Kamaz truck, one empty Ural truck, and six BM-21 Grad Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (MLRS). The SMM saw a “DPR” convoy on 1 March in “DPR”-controlled Bezimenne (101km south of Donetsk), consisting of one Ural support vehicle and six Grad MLRS (each one loaded with 40 240x122mm rockets). The SMM followed each “DPR” convoy on routes leading from the contact line, to locations described by the respective “DPR” convoy commanders as being the final destination for this equipment, behind the relevant withdrawal line. The SMM intends to monitor these locations on a daily basis.
Between 13:45 and 14.05hrs on 28 February, while in “DPR”-controlled Donetsk, the SMM heard 16 incoming and outgoing mortars from a location between eight and 10 kilometres north-west of its position, assessed to have been in or around the Donetsk airport.
In the “DPR”-controlled Kuibyshevskyi district of Donetsk (8km west of Donetsk city-centre), the SMM on 1 March heard several bursts of small arms and heavy machine gun fire, and both incoming and outgoing mortar/artillery fire, in an area approximately three kilometres north-north-west of its position. The SMM assessed it as an exchange between the “DPR” at the “DPR”-controlled airport (9km north-west of Donetsk) and government military forces in government-controlled Pisky (12km north-west of Donetsk).
On 28 February, the SMM was escorted by members of the “Lugansk People's Republic (“LPR”) from Luhansk to three artillery positions in “LPR”-controlled Brianka (50km west of Luhansk), two of them empty of heavy weapons but with empty shelters, positions and piles of empty 152mm howitzer shell cases. At the third position, the SMM observed five towed howitzers, and monitored them as they were moved to a position 10km south of “LPR-controlled Volnukhyne (24km south of Luhansk), 43km south of the contact line. The “LPR” refused to allow the SMM to proceed any further with the convoy.
On 28 February, having been informed by the “LPR”, and with an “LPR” escort, the SMM observed the movement of another convoy, consisting of four towed howitzers and one truck, already pre-assembled at a position near “LPR”-controlled Zorinsk (56km west of Luhansk). The SMM monitored the convoy moving south to “LPR”-controlled Ivanivka, (51km south-west of Luhansk), 58km south of the contact line. The “LPR” refused to allow the SMM to proceed any further with the convoy.
On 1 March, the SMM was escorted to a position just outside “LPR”-controlled Stakhanov (50km west of Luhansk) where it met a pre-assembled convoy of five BM-21 Grad MLRS. The SMM followed the convoy south-east as far as a position 20km south of “LPR”-controlled Volnukhyne (24km south of Luhansk), 43km south of contact line. The “LPR” refused to allow the SMM to proceed any further with the convoy.
The SMM met a pre-assembled convoy, consisting of four BM-21 Grad MLRS and one Ural truck, near “LPR”-controlled Yuzhnaia Lomovotka (68km west of Luhansk). The SMM followed the convoy south to a position close to “LPR”-controlled Antratsyt (51km south of Luhansk), 69km south of the contact line. The “LPR” refused to allow the SMM to proceed any further with the convoy.
On 28 February, the SMM observed five military trucks moving east in the vicinity of “LPR”-controlled Samsonivka (31km south-east of Luhansk,). Four of them were towing 120mm howitzers. On the outskirts of “LPR”-controlled Krasnodon (43km south-east of Luhansk), the SMM observed 18 military-type trucks (no weapons on board) with no markings, flags, or license plates, heading in the direction of Luhansk.
On 1 March the SMM observed the movement of five MLRS Grad trucks, close to “LPR”-controlled Rebrikovo (40km south of Luhansk) moving towards “LPR”-controlled Rovenky (55km south of Luhansk).
On 28 February, five kilometres south-east of the government-controlled village of Hrechyshkyne (72km north-west of Luhansk), the SMM heard the sound of outgoing and incoming artillery and mortar rounds, assessed to have emanated from a location between five and 10 kilometres south-east of its position.
The SMM continued monitoring the situation in Kharkiv, Dnepropetrovsk, Odessa, Kherson, Chernivtsi, Ivano-Frankivsk, Lviv and Kyiv.
Apple is currently the world's largest company by market capitalization. But the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is seriously considering creating a much larger company — by staging an initial public offering (IPO) for shares in its state-owned oil company, Saudi Aramco.
Rumors of a potential IPO flew on Thursday following a statement by the kingdom's deputy crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, and confirmed by a terse statement from Aramco headquarters Friday morning.
It's impossible to know how much Aramco would be worth on the private market if sold, especially without details regarding the terms under which it might be privatized. But based on the scope of Aramco's operations and the values of other oil companies, it seems likely that it would achieve a market capitalization of more than $1 trillion — far ahead of any American company.
Aramco's tangled history
The company currently known as Saudi Aramco has its roots in an exclusive concession to explore for oil in Saudi Arabia that the kingdom granted to Standard Oil of California (now Chevron) way back in 1933.
This concession was operated by a subsidiary called the California-Arabian Standard Oil Company, and it became a joint venture with Texaco in 1936. In 1944, both Standard Oil of New Jersey (which later became Exxon) and Socony-Vacuum (which later became Mobil and then merged with Exxon) joined the consortium — which was named Arabian-American Oil Company, or Aramco.
In essence, all of America's major oil companies were working together to exploit a monopoly on Saudi oil.
In 1950, Saudi King Abdullah threatened to nationalize the oil company — a way to get Aramco to agree to a deal in which 50 percent of profits would be handed over to the Saudi government. In response, the US Congress instituted a tax credit known as the "golden gimmick" that ensured all of Abdullah's money would come out of Uncle Sam's tax haul rather than out of the pockets of Aramco shareholders.
This arrangement didn't last long. By the 1970s, with anti-Western sentiment and Arab nationalism running high in the Middle East, the Saudis decided to nationalize anyway. Except instead of doing a full expropriation, the Saudis did a gentler takeover, using oil revenue to buy Aramco from its parent companies.
As recounted by Charles McPherson in his comparative study of oil nationalization schemes, "The Saudi approach to nationalization was very different than that of other countries" — not only in the financial terms under which it was done but in how the company was operated after nationalization.
By 1980, McPherson writes, Saudi Arabia was the sole owner of Aramco, but "under strict instructions from the King, the new Aramco [was] left very much to itself on operational matters" and "many of the Aramco companies continued as advisors to Saudi Aramco ensuring continuity of management." So the company was nationalized, but US-based oil companies got all its money and were still running the company operationally.
That deal came more than a generation ago. In the subsequent 35 years, the Saudi government has been able to use its control of Aramco to move the corporate headquarters from New York to Saudi Arabia and to fill more and more jobs with Saudi natives. As of 2015, it really operates like a state-run company, seeking revenue but more broadly pursuing the Saudi government's policy objectives.
Why Saudi Arabia is considering partial privatization
Having gone through the literally decades-long slog of nationalizing the world's most valuable oil company in a non-disruptive way that preserved the country's positive relationship with the United States and major private oil companies, why would Saudi Arabia consider turning around and re-privatizing?
The starting point for understanding is that Prince Salman told the Economist he wants to list a minority stake in Aramco — perhaps 5 percent — while leaving control firmly in government hands.
It is not entirely clear what this would accomplish. In follow-up reporting, the Economist suggested that the issue may involve concerns about Aramco's current management practices:
Questions surround the company, though. Mr DeLucia says 87% of its output is oil; it needs to develop more gas to satisfy the country's needs for cleaner, cheaper power. Some argue that its reserves, which have barely budged since the late 1980s, are overstated. Internal documents about them are "phenomenally closely guarded secrets" says a local observer. The company does not report its revenues. Its fleet of eight jets, including four Boeing 737s, and a string of football stadiums suggest that it is not run on purely commercial lines. It is the government's project manager of choice even for non-oil developments, and runs a hospital system for 360,000 people. A listing would require it to become more transparent.
The Economist analogized the situation to concerns about state-owned oil companies in Mexico and Brazil that have been accused of corruption and mismanagement, in response to which the Mexican government has begun to open things up to foreign investors — an idea that conservative politicians in Brazil have also proposed.
But Mexico and Brazil are democracies with free media and judicial systems where the transparency induced by a listing would operate as a lever for change. Saudi Arabia is a closed autocracy with a controlled media, so it's not clear through what mechanism transparency per se could shift management. Aramco presumably operates football stadiums and a hospital system because that's what the Saudi government wants it to do — selling a minority stake that leaves all control in the hands of the Saudi government wouldn't really change anything.
Saudi Arabia is afraid
One way to understand the Aramco IPO talk is probably through the same lens that has to be used to understand all of the Saudi government's other recent decision-making: fear.
The Saudis are beset by problems ranging from the low price of oil to Iran's regional activism to the rise of ISIS. A successful flotation of a minority stake in ARAMCO would generate a good news story about Saudi Arabia. Aramco would be the world's largest company by market capitalization, and the Saudi stock exchange would suddenly be a big deal.
Partial privatization would serve as a token of change and reform in a country that is often seen in the West as excessively hostile to change and reform. It would also give a new generation of Saudi leadership a chance to put their personal stamp on things — not the best reason for taking dramatic action but at least a reason.
Perhaps most fundamentally, as Jennifer Williams has explained, one thing the Saudis fear is "abandonment by the United States in favor of Iran, or even just US disengagement from the region in general, thus depriving Saudi Arabia of its great power protector."
Giving Western investors a concrete financial stake in the Saudi national oil company would serve as a way to deepen and broaden the coalition of stakeholders in the kingdom's stability. The US-Saudi alliance is about much more than oil, but oil was its ground floor, and bringing foreign investors back into the Saudi oil business could be a way to strengthen its foundation.
Media playback is not supported on this device Name change row cannot fester - Bruce
Hull City owner Assem Allam was misinterpreted in a dispute with supporters over rebranding the club, according to manager Steve Bruce.
Allam said fans opposed to his plan to rename the club Hull Tigers can "die as soon as they want", a reference to campaign group City Till We Die.
"I think what he was saying was he needs the situation to die, not the supporters to go away and die," Bruce told BBC Radio 5 live.
"I think there's a misinterpretation."
Owner Allam was present to see the fans' latest protests during the match against Liverpool
Allam, who took control in 2010 when Hull were in the Championship, wants to phase out "City" from the club's name and replace it with a Tigers brand he believes is more marketable.
And the 74-year-old Egyptian-born businessman told the Independent protests against the proposal from some of the club's fans "disturb and distract the players while taking away the rights of others to watch football".
Bruce, appointed Hull manager in June 2012, said: "The owner's been [in Hull] 45 years, and I'm not making excuses here, but if you speak to him he still hasn't quite grasped the English language."
The home fans displayed banners and sung in support of Hull City in its current guise during the 3-1 defeat of Liverpool on Sunday, and City Till We Die wants fellow fans "to continue their fine support for our fantastic team while positively expressing a preference for our current name".
Bruce is hopeful Allam can understand their feelings about the proposed name change and hopes the issue will not take attention from the achievements of his side, who sit 10th in the Premier League.
Media playback is not supported on this device Nice to turn over Liverpool - Bruce
He said: "I think the chairman has put something like £70m into this club, so without him there wouldn't be a club or a 'Hull City' - it would be down the tubes.
"We have to respect his wishes, but on the other hand he has to understand too that a lot of people feel very, very strongly about this.
"The last thing we need in our first year back in the Premier League is any distractions, because it's hard enough. At times, when things aren't going so well, it can create an atmosphere that no-one wants.
"We should be enjoying the Premier League rather than talking about a badge or a name change."
Bruce intends to talk to Allam to attempt to broker a "happy conclusion".
He added: "I've got to have a conversation with him. I don't think he understands quite what it means to the history and the tradition.
"But if he wants us to play in pink fairy dresses then he is entitled to that view."
Character traits, such as grit or desire to learn, have a heavy hand in academic success and are partially rooted in genetics, according to a psychology study at The University of Texas at Austin.
Though academic achievement is dependent on cognitive abilities, such as logic and reasoning, researchers believe certain personality and character traits can motivate and drive learning.
In a study in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, UT Austin psychology associate professor Elliot Tucker-Drob found that genetic differences among people account for about half of the differences in their character, and that the remaining variation in character was influenced by environmental factors occurring outside of the home and school environments.
"Until now, parenting and schooling have been suggested by research as likely explanations for character, but our study suggests otherwise," said Tucker-Drob, who examined how genetic and environmental factors influence character and its relation to academic achievement using data from 811 third- to eighth-grade twins and triplets.
Twin studies, such as the Texas Twin Project at the UT Austin Population Research Center and Department of Psychology, compare similarities of identical and fraternal twins to estimate genetic influences on personality, interests, school grades and behavior problems. By comparing siblings, researchers learned that outside of what could be genetically explained, variance in a child's character could be attributed to unshared environmental effects, ruling out experiences shared by siblings such as parenting and attending the same school.
"As with intelligence and personality, genetics form a sizable part of the basis for character," said Tucker-Drob, co-director of the Texas Twin Project. He and his colleagues examined seven educationally relevant character measures that represented work ethic, enjoyment or desire to learn, attitudes toward education, and self-appraised abilities. The researchers also assessed how character measures were associated with the "big five" personality traits -- openness, conscientiousness, extraversion, agreeableness and neuroticism -- which have been used in past research to predict academic achievement.
In the study, genetics accounted for 69 percent of a person's general character, with 31 percent of variance accounted for by environmental influences. Furthermore, each character measure was heavily correlated with openness and conscientiousness, which were 48 and 57 percent heritable respectively.
Character measures promoting intellectual curiosity, such as intellectual self-concept, were linked more heavily to openness, which showed sizable associations with academic achievement; those representing work ethic, such as grit, associated more with conscientiousness, which was modestly correlated with academic achievement.
"This may indicate that aspects of character that are associated with interest and desire to learn may be stronger drivers of academic achievement than aspects of character associated with diligence and hard work," said Tucker-Drob, noting that one way genes influence academic achievement is by influencing aspects of character that are relevant for learning.
Because character was not found to be systematically associated with the family environment, "programs to improve character will need to be creative," said co-author and psychology associate professor Paige Harden, co-director of the Texas Twin Project. "Interventions will need to introduce experiences that are not already varying across families, in order to positively affect children's character and ultimately their academic achievement."
A 44-story mixed-use tower will rise at the corner of Third and Colorado Streets, according to new city documents. Known only for the moment as Third and Colorado, this Riverside Resources project will go up at 300 Colorado Street, a corner currently occupied by Sullivan's Steakhouse.
According to documents filed with the city's Design Commission, the tower, designed by GDA Architects, will rise 518 feet and include:
357,000 square feet of residential space
315 apartment units
7,200 square feet of commercial space on the ground floor
9 floors of parking above the ground floor
An outdoor pool deck on the 12th floor atop the building's podium section
A dog park on the 11th floor
Adherence to Great Streets standards for sidewalks, bike lanes, and trees
It makes sense for the residential component of the building to be apartments, rather than condos — Riverside Resources is the developer behind the nearby Fifth & West tower and probably doesn't want to steal its own business. Speaking of which, that tower is also designed by GDA Architects, who are carving out a nice little portfolio on this side of town.
Only one question remains: What will become of Sullivan's? Perhaps the restaurant, which first occupied the current building in 1996, will adapt to the ground-floor restaurant space of this new tower.
Hey, that reminds me — just how old is that building currently on the site? Looks like the Planning & Urban Design Working Group was curious:
“We conclude that the project, as presented, is in substantial compliance with the Urban Design Guidelines. However, we do have concerns that center on the potential historic significance of the existing building. Research has indicated that the building is considerably older than indicated by the applicant. The Historic Preservation Office has concluded that the building is approximately 92 years old and has a rich history.
Given this, and the DAP priority, it should be made clear that our conclusion of substantial compliance with the Urban Design Guidelines does not advocate that we support the demolition of the existing building. We would defer this decision to the recommendation of the Historic Landmark Commission.”
— Planning & Urban Design Working Group
Deference to the HLC feels a little bit like a punt, but not too surprising — from our research this building has never been landmarked. Either way, the proposal is up for discussion and possible action with the Design Commission at their July 24th meeting. Watch closely!
Shutterstock.com Google keeps killing products users love. Here are some great alternatives. / Credit: Google images via AHMAD FAIZAL YAHYA
Google strikes again. Today (Aug. 31) the search giant announced that it will be deprecating its Google Drive-based Web hosting service. It will be officially discontinued on Aug. 31, 2016, which means business users will have to find a new place to host their files and websites. But this isn't the first time Google has pulled the plug on a major product.
Back in April, Google pulled the plug on Helpouts, its live video chat help and personal consultation platform. Last year, the company also discontinued Quickoffice and killed all Authorship functionality on search results. In 2013, it also nixed services users loved, such as iGoogle and Google Reader. And remember Google Buzz? How about Google Answers? Picnik and Knol? You guessed it — Google got rid of those, too.
Granted, people couldn't care less about some of the services Google has axed in the past, with many they may never even have heard of. But then there are services that businesses actually use and need, such as Google Talk, which was replaced by Hangouts; the Google Voice app for Blackberry that completely disappeared; and Google Apps, which once was free, but is free no more. [Google for Business: A Small Business Guide]
Here are some alternatives to Google Drive Web hosting, Helpouts, the Quickoffice app, iGoogle and the other Google tools you miss.
If you host any images, files, Web pages or even entire websites on Google Drive's Web hosting service, you have one year to find an alternative provider. Although Google Drive will still be up and running as usual, its Web hosting offering will no longer be available this time next year.
The simplest way is to find a dedicated Web hosting service. Google's own domain service, Google Domains, can help you find third-party Web hosting providers. Such services include Dreamhost, Justhost and Bluehost. Similarly, you can host content through domain registrars that also offer hosting services, such as GoDaddy, Namecheap and Network Solutions. These services start at less than $10 per month.
However, if you use Google Drive's Web hosting to primarily store files and other content — as opposed to publishing them on the Web — a better solution is to use a cloud storage and file sharing provider, such as Google Drive itself and the Google Cloud Platform. Other budget-friendly cloud services to consider include Dropbox, Box and Microsoft's OneDrive.
Editor's Note: Looking for a Web hosting provider for your business? If you're looking for information to help you choose the one that's right for you, use the questionnaire below to have our sister site, BuyerZone, provide you with information from a variety of vendors for free:
buyerzone widget
Helpouts will soon be saying goodbye, but there are other ways that you can provide live consultations to customers and potential clients and help your business grow. Here are four popular Google Helpouts alternatives:
LiveNinja is a real-time video coaching platform that lets you reach customers all over the world. In addition to live one-on-one video chats, LiveNinja also lets you host webinars and other group events to further monetize your expertise.
24sessions.com lets business experts hold secure, live video-chat consultations on a wide range of fields, from marketing to finance, legal, strategy, sales and more. Like Hangouts, you can set your own schedule and pricing. The service also lets users post consultation requests, so you can find new clients — in addition to them finding you — to broaden your reach.
Clarity.fm also provides on-demand business advice for other business owners. Share your business expertise and help fellow entrepreneurs make wiser decisions and grow their companies. Currently, Clarity.fm does not have video functionality and only allows voice calls.
Coach.me is a community-driven mobile coaching platform that lets you offer one-on-one help using your iPhone or Android smartphone. Categories include personal growth, fitness, learning new skills (for instance, playing the guitar), productivity and more.
Google has officially pulled the plug on this mobile productivity app, but have no fear. There are many ways to open Microsoft Office files on iOS and Android devices, as well as Windows Phone and tablets. For those looking for a true Office experience, Microsoft has released standalone apps for Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, OneNote, Skype and OneDrive, which you can find here. Additionally, there are a handful of third-party Microsoft Office-friendly apps available to help you get the job done:
Soonr, a secure file sharing and collaboration platform that lets you edit Microsoft Office documents on iOS, Android and BlackBerry devices. There's no need to download a third-party app, and data can be stored locally or on the cloud, as well as synced on- and offline.
Documents to Go, a mobile Office suite for viewing, creating and editing Word, Excel and PowerPoint files. Includes Adobe PDF support. Documents to go has been around for 15 years and comes preloaded on most devices. Available on iOS, Android and BlackBerry smartphones and tablets.
hopTo, a cloud-based iPad app with full Microsoft Office compatibility. Users can create, view and edit Word, Excel and PowerPoint files on their iPads, then store them in the clodu for anytime, anywhere access.
iWork for iCloud, Apple's own browser-based productivity suite. Just log in to iCloud and start working on Word, Excel and PowerPoint files.
While it seems like nothing will ever replace one of the few Google legacy products — where users could customize their Google homepage, view Gmail, the weather, newsfeeds, to-do lists and other Google Gadgets all in one dashboard — there are several iGoogle alternatives to help users cope with the loss:
igHome, which mirrors iGoogle's layout, was meant "to create a site that looked and worked like iGoogle as much as possible to make the transition easy for users," said igHome developer Mike Sutton. Like iGoogle, users can also add gadgets and quick-access links to Google services such as Gmail, Calendar, Drive and more.
Netvibes, a more advanced version of iGoogle, has nearly 100,000 apps and thousands of themes to personalize your iGoogle-like homepage. It also includes social media integration and all types of widgets, such as RSS feeds, bookmarklets and more. Personal accounts are free, but enterprise accounts are also available for $499 a month.
My Yahoo, Yahoo's customizable home page, lets users "Get your headlines, email, quotes and more — all in one page." Much like iGoogle, My Yahoo offers personalized widgets, from weather apps to recommended newsfeeds, RSS feeds from your favorite websites, sports scoreboards and more. Although Google products are not accessible through My Yahoo, the service does allow users to import iGoogle data and settings.
my msn, Microsoft's take on iGoogle, also does not integrate with Google products, but will do the job if all you need is a content-based home page. After signing in with a Microsoft account, users can add RSS feeds and up to four recommended content categories, such as health, technology, entertainment, news, sports, money, lifestyle and videos.
Postini is one of the most popular spam-filtering and email-archiving tools. It was founded in 1999 and acquired by Google in 2007. By the end of 2013, however, Postini's 26 million users will have to say goodbye to the program forever and make one of two choices: transition to Google Apps — Google's paid, cloud-based productivity suite, which will take over Postini — or migrate to a different provider.
"This is likely a strategic move by Google. By retiring Postini and transitioning users to Google Apps, Google is able to leverage their brand and gain a larger share of the market," said Julie May, founder and CEO of bytes of knowledge, a software programming, Internet marketing and managed IT service provider.
Making the decision to switch to Google Apps or an alternative solution — then finally making the move — is never easy. But now is a better time than ever to evaluate your business needs and your satisfaction with Google Apps' offerings, May said. For instance, if Google Apps does not provide the features or level of email security you need, then it makes sense to switch to a different service, she said.
"Depending on your budget and the size of your business, it may benefit from or need additional services, such as email continuity and encryption, neither of which are included in either of Google Apps' new services," May said. "The key is to ask yourself if you are using the right technology for your business' needs."
As an alternative to Google Apps, May recommended AppRiver and McAfee. "We've seen these products stand out and perform well," she said.
Ensuring a smooth transition requires preparation, May said.
"It's important to plan ahead and make sure your new spam provider is in place by the time your Postini contract is up," she said. "This way, you won't lose important emails or have your inbox flooded with spam."
On July 2, 2013, Google said farewell to Google Reader, the most popular RSS reader since the Internet age began. Users cried and clamored, but Google's loss is a tech startup's gain.
As alternatives to Google Reader, the company suggested several apps, such as Feedly, Digg Reader, InoReader, NewsBlur, Flipboard and the Pulse mobile app. Feedly quickly became the top choice amongst former Google Reader users, primarily due to its simple interface, which most resembles the Google Reader of yore.
"Having quick access to massive amounts of information — the latest events in tech, acquisitions, funding, etc. — is crucial to running our business," said Ryan Kulp, who runs marketing at ShuttleCloud, a New York City-based cloud data-management and migration provider. "When Google Reader shut down, we were a bit frantic."
Feedly, it turned out, was exactly what they needed. "We discovered Feedly and have been very happy with it," he said.
In addition to RSS aggregation, Feedly also offers modern upgrades lacking in Google Reader.
"[Feedly] is actually faster, cleaner and better designed than Google Reader, along with [offering] more integrations to popular sharing tools, like Buffer and Pinterest," Kulp said.
Much to the dismay of most website owners, bloggers and search engine optimization (SEO) pros, Google recently pulled the plug on the Google Ads Keyword Tool. The service, which enabled anyone to research keywords for free, has now been replaced by the Keyword Planner.
"Keyword research is an essential method for developing content tactics for our customers or for targeting AdWord campaigns on Google — inexpensively," said Jeff Reynolds, marketing director at VivioSoft, an Ohio-based Web solutions provider.
The tool was originally meant to assist advertisers in choosing which keywords or keyword phrases to use to bid on and plan effective Google Ads campaigns. However, the program offered enormous assistance in researching and planning for a variety of different online behaviors, Reynolds said.
"We were devastated by Google's decision to take away the very useful keyword popularity tool, Reynolds said.
Describing the new tool as "blah, at best," Reynolds said the new Keyword Planner no longer serves his business' requirements for discovering "juicy" and inexpensive keywords or keyword phrases to attract customers.
"In addition to requiring users to register and login to their Google Ads account to access the less-than-adequate tool — the original tool was accessible without a log-in — the majority of usefulness and research functionality are all but stripped away," he said.
VivioSoft then tried to find the best Keywords Tool replacements. "We suggest that all smart business owners and marketers alike should add the following to their arsenal of resources and research tools: SEO Book, Ubersuggest, WordPot and Wordtracker."
Once upon a time, Picnik was Flickr's default photo editor. In 2010, Google acquired the editor; two years later, the search giant added Picnik to its growing list of Google Graveyard residents.
"The Picnik photo editing tool was bought by Google and then discontinued," said Thaeler. "Thankfully, some former employees from the company started my favorite replacement — PicMonkey."
Other popular Picnik alternatives include Ribbet, iPiccy, befunky, pixlr, and Sumopaint. Flickr also replaced Picnik with Aviary for its Web app and with GhostBird for iOS.
Buy Photo Rick Santorum (Photo: Register file)Buy Photo
While in Davenport during his Iowa campaign's first official event in the state, Rick Santorum compared scientists convinced of climate change to those who once called the world flat.
One man stood up during the event's Q&A portion, expressing concern about climate change. Addressing it, the audience member said, should be an imperative to Christians commanded by the Bible to be stewards of the Earth.
"I always have problems when people come up and say the science is settled," said Santorum, a Republican presidential candidate and winner of the 2012 Iowa caucuses. "That's what they said about the world being flat. When someone says the science is settled you're not a scientist, because scientists never say the science is settled."
He added: "The idea that the science is settled, to me, tells me that this is political science, not real science."
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1Hz8H74
DELRAY BEACH, Fla. -- A Florida woman's yearslong battle against her child's father over the boy's circumcision ended Friday with her agreeing to the procedure in exchange for her release from jail.
In a remarkable turnaround after a week behind bars for contempt and an initial hearing in which she was ordered to remain jailed, court reconvened and a sobbing Heather Hironimus signed paperwork giving approval for the surgery, recoiling in tears and clasping her shackled hands after it was done. The shift, though under duress, threatened the hero status given to Hironimus by a bubbling movement of anti-circumcision advocates who have followed the case's every turn.
She was expected to be released from jail later Friday.
Attorneys for both Hironimus and the boy's father, Dennis Nebus, declined to comment, citing an ongoing gag order in the case.
Hironimus and Nebus had initially agreed to the circumcision in a parenting agreement filed in court, but the mother later changed her mind, giving way to seemingly endless litigation. Circuit and appellate judges sided with the father, but potential surgeons backed out after failing to get the mother's consent and becoming the target of protesters.
Hironimus went missing with the boy in February, ignoring warnings from Judge Jeffrey Gillen, whom she appeared before on Friday, to be in court and allow the circumcision to proceed. She remained missing until her arrest last week, staying in a domestic violence shelter. With her legal options dwindling, she filed a federal civil rights lawsuit on behalf of her son, looking for a solution outside of state court.
But her attorney abruptly withdrew that case Wednesday, two days after its first hearing, when a judge expressed open skepticism of its merits.
Upon arriving in court Friday, shackled and wearing a navy blue jail jumpsuit, Hironimus quietly invoked her Fifth Amendment rights when asked if she had signed the consent agreement. Gillen said she would be jailed indefinitely unless she did.
After reconvening, Gillen said: "You are both going to continue to be the parents to this young man. You're going to have to learn how to deal with that in an amicable, friendly, civil manner. You're going to have to always take into consideration what's in your child's best interest. To the extent that you may differ on things, you're going to have to talk them out. That's what parents do in a civilized society. You do not take the law into your own hands."
PLAYA DEL CARMEN, Mexico — The mannequin wore a spiky collar and black leather leotard, sitting wide-legged inside a metal cage. Nearby, guests sipped drinks by the indoor pool, silhouetted by the red lighting.
“Wow, this is intense,” said one tourist, yelling over dance beats. “This place is making me ill,” replied another, “I'm leaving.”
A mix of urban jungle, red-light district and elegant symmetry, Reina Roja Hotel is the newest and most radical addition to the growing trend of modern, theme-based hotels in Playa del Carmen, the popular beach town along Mexico's Mayan Riviera.
Cozy, quaint and quickly multiplying, boutique hotels are trying for a more personalized and authentic Mexico experience compared to the soaring skyscrapers of neighboring Cancun. (One boutique hotel, In Fashion, uses post-modern architectural lines in its completely white structure and adopts an artsy take on IKEA for its inside decor.)
Camoflouged under Reina Roja's party ambience and racy sexual innuendos are pre-Columbian elements that give the hotel a fetishistic, sadomasochist feel. It inspires strong feelings of awe, interest and disgust — all at once.
A mannequin dressed in a shiny gold leotard greets guests at one entrance to Reina Roja Hotel. (Angelica Marin/GlobalPost)
It is also pushing the Mexican city to re-examine its own identity, as hotels evoking colonial Mexico battle with provocative locations like Reina Roja in an effort to set the tone for Playa's future growth.
The experimental boutique hotel opened just a few months ago. It is owned and operated by the Alarcon family from Mexico City, who wanted to offer Mexicans and foreigners a more updated and sensorial Mexico. Each room is decorated with elements that purposely imitate natural beauty, such as neon panoramic beach scenes and walls textured with hay.
“We wanted people to know that Mexico too is proposing new and fresh ideas,” said Alejandro Alarcon Fierro, Reina Roja's young architect. His scruffy look and gentle demeanor is a far cry from the loud and aggressive vibe of the hotel.
The hotel bears the name of an ancient Mayan princess whose corpse was found to have absorbed the red color inside her tomb. Red was a sacred color to the ancient Mayans, and they used it to tint many of their pyramids and as body paint.
To Alarcon, his hotel is part of Mexican culture too.
"Mexicans like baroque style," said Alarcon. "I wanted my contemporary design to produce a similar overwhelming effect."
Huge panoramic photographs of Yucatan's natural settings — like the Mayan ruins of Tulum — decorate the walls. (Angelica Marin/GlobalPost)
And that's where Angel Islas, a well-known architect in the Yucatan Peninsula, disagrees. "These new hotels are like the latest clothes or music, at some point, they all have an expiration date,” said Islas. “Mexican architecture never goes out of style,” he said.
Islas, the man who designed the first condominium in Playa del Carmen almost 20 years ago, made his name by bringing traditional Mexican-hacienda architecture into the 21st century. Using local artisan materials like chechen, salam and zapote wood and hand-painted tiles, his buildings pay homage to traditional Mexican culture.
One popular boutique hotel that bears his vision is La Lunata, whose entrance peeks out like a storefront on the colorful Fifth Avenue strip of Playa del Carmen. Inside, the 12 bedrooms decorated with bright colors and Mexican folk art look more like a 17th-century hacienda than a hotel.
Although a younger crowd might prefer a more contemporary style, many tourists are still looking for a more cultural experience, said Fabiola Belez, La Lunata's hotel manager.
Bedrooms inside Reina Roja Hotel stay true to its name. The bed cover, curtains and lights —all red— create an intense and sensorial experience for guests. (Angelica Marin/GlobalPost)
As the tourism industry began to take off in the early 1990s, Playa worked hard to preserve its Mexican pueblo feel and stand out in the Mayan Riviera. More importantly, it strived to set itself apart from its much larger neighbor — Cancun.
“If you stand in the main avenue of Cancun or Miami Beach, you won't see any difference,” said Luis Garcia, CEO for the company that runs the luxurious Hacienda Real Hotel. “You'll see the same bars, the same restaurants, and you won't find any cultural markers,” he said.
This is what Playa del Carmen city planners wanted to avoid all along. Strict construction rules forbid hotels from exceeding five floors along Fifth Avenue and in other tourist areas. There are few all-inclusive hotels. Tourists must explore the city to to eat, shop and suntan rather than staying confined in mini-cities with food, entertainment and the beach. On the other hand, when it comes to architectural style, Playa is a total free-for-all.
As the sun sets on Fifth Avenue, barelegged visitors in flip-flops and bikini tops return to their hotels. They can walk into La Lunata, Reina Roja or another contemporary alternative, and their choice will determine what kind of hotel props up next.
Four trendy Mexican youngsters stop and gawk at the entrance to Reina Roja. “How cool,” says one in a distinctive Mexico City accent. They open their wallets and scrounge up enough money to pay for one night for them and their girlfriends. This might be exactly what they're looking for.
Stephen Chernin / Getty Images
Fall is the season for picking pumpkins, carving pumpkins, and drinking pumpkin spice lattes at Starbucks. But the coffee chain is having trouble keeping the $4 fall favorite in stock, driving customers out of their gourds, according to an article in today's Wall Street Journal.
(MORE: The Perils of Coffee Snobbery)
Starbucks told the WSJ that while there is no “widespread scarcity,” the “infrequent deliveries” of the special pumpkin sauce have caused shortages at some locations:
“There is an opportunity, in a pumpkin emergency, for them to be able to place an [extra] order,” said spokeswoman Lisa Passé.
You can buy the instant Starbucks Via Pumpkin Spice packets instead, but apparently many stores are running low on those too. Media blogger Jim Romenesko's website StarbucksGossip has been blowing up with complaints about Via pumpkin spice shortages in Evanston, Illinois, Nashville, Tennessee, and the Denver area. The Wall Street Journal created a Storify of the outrage on Twitter. Some examples of the pandemonium:
Oh really Starkbucks? You're "out" of Pumpkin Spice Latte? (laughs nervously) (goes on rampage, destroying everyone and everything) —
Paul Chabai (@pchabai) October 04, 2012
Went to go get my after church pumpkin spice latte and Starbucks was out of it!! Dunkin it is! 😊🍂🍁 —
Kristin Ashley (@ksal) September 30, 2012
Starbucks fans, maybe it wouldn't hurt to take it easy on the pumpkin spice lattes: after all, there are 300 calories in a “tall” size. Pumpkins on their own are actually very good for you, high in fiber and vitamin A, as TIME's 31 Healthiest Foods points out. So while you are waiting for local stores to get more pumpkin spice lattes, try making yourself a healthy breakfast like pumpkin oatmeal instead. Recipe here.
MORE: Starbucks CEO Offers Economy a Double Espresso
When will Mr. Comey announce what the F.B.I. has found?
Predicting what Mr. Comey will do is difficult. Never before has the F.B.I. been so publicly entangled in presidential politics and his decisions thus far — holding a news conference in July and making this latest development public last week — have taken the F.B.I. into unchartered territory.
If Mr. Comey announces that agents have found nothing incriminating on the laptop, he is likely to be criticized for unnecessarily rattling an election and harming Mrs. Clinton. If he announces that agents have found incriminating evidence, it will appear that he is putting his thumb on the scale during a presidential race. Saying nothing before Election Day allows speculation to fester.
Mr. Comey felt obligated to keep the public and Congress up-to-date on the case because he testified about closing the inquiry and had pledged to be as transparent as possible about it.
Mr. Comey has provided no updates on the case since last week, and senior F.B.I. officials refuse to discuss details. Officials say it will be difficult to complete the review by Tuesday's election as there are hundreds of thousands of emails on the laptop, although only a small fraction may be related to the Clinton investigation.
Why did it take Mr. Comey so long to tell Congress about this?
The F.B.I. has not explained why three weeks passed between the time the bureau obtained the laptop and when Mr. Comey told Congress about it. After an F.B.I. computer analysis response team in New York copied the laptop's hard drive, bureau employees began examining the information on the computer.
Carbon capture and storage (CCS) has mostly received attention as a way to limit the impact of burning coal, which emits the most CO 2 of all fossil fuels. Using this approach, CO 2 would be captured from the exhaust stream of a power plant and pumped into a geological formation that would store it for centuries, preventing it from influencing the climate or ocean chemistry. As emissions continue to rise, CCS has attracted attention as a way to emit now and fix the problem later. The same technology that isolates CO 2 from the exhaust stream of a power plant could also conceivably pull it right out of the atmosphere.
But how much does it cost? Some initial estimates put the cost of CCS from the atmosphere at under $200 per ton. But a new analysis in PNAS suggests these estimates are misguided—we already know how much it costs to obtain trace chemicals from a mixture, and it's a whole lot more expensive than that.
The PNAS authors focus on two things: a thermodynamic analysis of CCS, and an empirical evaluation based on our experience with industrial processes for isolating trace gasses.
The thermodynamic analysis is easy to understand. We can calculate the energetic cost of taking gas with our current level of CO 2 (about 400 parts-per-million) and cutting that level in half, while concentrating what we've removed. It's only about 20 kiloJoules for each mole of CO 2 .
But nothing ever actually approaches that sort of perfect efficiency. For example, the authors note that NO x emissions are removed from the exhaust gasses of power plants through a chemical reaction that's energetically favorable. But the energetic costs of setting up the reaction components and moving them and the exhaust gasses through the system is huge. As a result, nearly 500kJ of energy is expended for each mole of NO x removed.
Unfortunately, thermodynamics can only set a lower limit on the amount of energy (and thus cost) that CCS will require. It doesn't provide any guidance as to how much more the actual cost will be and, right now, we've only got information from small-scale research systems.
But there are non-thermodynamic methods of estimating these costs. The authors point out that, back in 1959, someone named Thomas K. Sherwood analyzed the empirical relationship between the market price of a metal and the metal's concentration in the ore that we obtain it from. Since then, Sherwood's methods have been adapted for things like isolating pollutants from a waste stream, obtaining valuable organic compounds, and (most importantly) obtaining a single gas from a complex mixture.
Here, things look pretty good when it comes to going after the exhaust from power plants. The high concentration of CO 2 means that it would only cost about $10/ton for coal-fired planets and $25/ton for natural gas. The atmospheric concentration, however, is over 100 times lower, which shoots the cost up to $2,500/ton. Even adding in various optimistic assumptions doesn't bring the cost down below $1,000/ton.
At those levels, CCS from the atmosphere just doesn't make sense. "Unless a technological breakthrough that departs from humankind's accumulated experience with dilute gas separation can be shown to 'break' the Sherwood plot and the second-law efficiency plot," the authors conclude, "direct air capture is unlikely to be cost competitive with CO 2 capture at power plants and other large point sources."
The authors have identified one potential way to "cheat." Biomass can sometimes be obtained cheaply, and could be burned in place of fossil fuels in a plant with CCS equipment. That way, biology does the hard part of extracting carbon from the atmosphere, which we then capture when it's economical, as part of a high-concentration exhaust stream. Right now, however, we haven't done biomass power on the sorts of scales needed to really know if this is viable.
In any case, other researchers have come up with numbers that are substantially lower than these for atmospheric CCS. Hopefully, they'll put together a response to this paper.
PNAS, 2011. DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1012253108 (About DOIs).
One of the things you will hear from your non-running friends and coworkers is, “Why are you running so much? You know you are going to destroy your knees.” Actually, after a year of running, my knee pain went away. While you can get knee injuries, there are a plethora of other things that can cause you pain while running. Most of these things are easily preventable with a little preparation. I will give you some fair warning that some of the pictures are a bit unpleasant to look at. They are safe for work, but they sure are not pretty.
Most of the pain below the waist is likely caused by your shoes. Go to a running store and get yourself fitted for running shoes. Do not buy your shoes at a mall shoe store, or sporting goods store. You need to go to a specialty running store. Once you get the shoes you like, you can order them online if you want. Also, you need to replace your running shoes periodically. Depending on your shoe, you should replace them between 300 and 500 miles. You can extend this distance a little bit by alternating shoes on runs. I usually take my older pair of shoes and use for shorter runs, and my newer shoes for longer distance.
Other things to prevent leg injuries include not running too many miles too soon (you should only ramp up your miles by 10-20% each week), not running while injured, and doing some pre run stretches. For me, I usually do a quarter mile walk to get things loosened up, then I do ankle, IT band, and calf stretches. For my ankles, I write the alphabet in capital letters with my big toe. For the IT band, I cross one leg in front of the other and lean on a post. For my calves, I put my toes on a curb and drop my heals.
Going back to running while injured: At the start of the California International Marathon in 2012, my calf cramped up getting out of the port-o-potties. Being male and a bit competitive, I chose to run the race, hoping that the cramp would let go. It never did. My plan was to run for a while until I could get to a point where I could walk at a 15 min/mile pace. Once I hit that point, I just kept running. My thought was that if I run a bit farther, I could walk at a slower pace. I just kept repeating that mantra in my mind until mile 20, when I figured I might as well just keep going. I finished the race and got a personal record by 9 minutes. Once the adrenalin wore off, I was in excruciating pain. The next day, my calf was swollen and black and blue from internal bruising. Compression made the pain worse, as did massage. It actually took about 10 days before the pain went away, but running was still out of the question for at least a month.
Now, the most common running injuries have to deal with friction. These injuries are blisters and chafing. Blisters almost always occur on your feet. Usually on your toes, balls of your feet, or back of your ankle. Basically wherever your shoes rub against your feet. For me, I used to get blisters on my inner arch, but over time this has subsided (new shoes helped). You can apply Body Glide or petroleum jelly to known problem areas or all over your feet. If you wear thin socks, you can double up with those. There are also specialty socks that are supposed to prevent blisters. You can put band-aids or moleskin on your blisters, but the one time I did that, the band-aid came off and fell farther back in my sock and gave me another blister.
For your toe blisters, the socks will help, but also keeping your toenails short should help them from rubbing on the front of your shoes. But sometimes, even your new fitted shoes can cause you issues as they are rubbing on various parts of your feet. Check out http://www.runnersworld.com/running-tips/custom-tie-your-running-shoes?page=single for different shoe tying techniques depending on where your shoes are causing you pain.
Now, the next issue when it comes to running is chafing, which is caused by two things rubbing together, usually your skin and something that you are wearing. Chafing happens nearly everywhere. The first step to preventing chafing is to not wear cotton ANYTHING! I used to wear my cotton boxers when I ran, and, yeah, there were some issues. Don't worry, there are no pictures of those injuries.
For us males, the biggest chafing issue is on our nipples. I am sure you have all seen the picture of the guy crossing the finish line of a marathon with two red streaks running down from his nipples. To prevent this, you can use specialized guards (Nip Guards), medical tape, or band-aids to cover these sensitive areas. I find that Nip Guards work better, especially if you haven't had a lot of long distance runs under your belt (or under your shirt as the case may be). I have also found that certain shirts are better than others for not having nipple chafing. I had one shirt chafe me after 8 miles, and another shirt was fine after a marathon (I forgot to tape up). I also find that this chafing is worse when it is raining out. For you ladies, your bra straps may cause some chafing issues, especially if you like to tuck phones, headphone cords, or something else into your bra. Again, Body Glide is the way to go.
My biggest current chafing issue is my armpits. Apparently, I run with my arms close to my torso, and this causes me to rub the insides of my arm raw. This is also shirt dependent. If I am wearing a sleeveless shirt, it is much worse. I typically use Body Glide like deodorant to combat this chafing. I probably should learn to run with my arms out a little farther from my sides, but it is so hard change a running style.
Other chafing issues for me comes from my waist belt that carries my phone and ID. I don't wear an armband because the chafing on my arm and probably my side would be horrible. Sometimes the buckle will chafe my stomach, or sometimes the little knobby thing on my headphone wire will get in between by belt and my back and chafe there. I know some people whose feet turn inwards, and they kick part of their other leg as they run, chafing that area. Other people get chafing if they wear a brace of some sort. These little chafing areas are ones you don't even notice during your run, but once you step in the shower or the bath tub, you will know that you have nice raw area.
Usually you will start to notice these “hot spots” as your mileage increases. Once you start to notice them, start applying Body Glide, petroleum jelly, or whatever else you want to use to protect yourself. The other thing that might (again, might) happen is that you will develop callouses in those areas and the chafing won't happen as often.
Now, don't take this post as all negative. I have experienced all these issues (except the bra issue) and keep on running. It is just one of those things that you learn once you start running longer distances. Just think of them as war wounds to show your non-running friends and make them thing you are more crazy. But hopefully, some of this advice will help you prevent some of the issues that I have had.
But if you need to stock up on Body Glide or Nip Guards click on one of the amazon links below.
An Iowa man's mummified body was found in the waters of Lake Michigan on Saturday, his diving gear and empty oxygen tank still attached.
But the shocking thing about the discovery of Dirk Kann's body on the lake floor is that he died 13 years ago, and his body was still intact.
Kann disappeared in September, 1999 while exploring the dangerous Lakeland shipwreck 225 feet below the water's surface. When the dive went wrong, Khan and his friend, Greg Olsen, shared oxygen from Khan's tank as the two men frantically swam toward the surface, The Daily Mail reports.
Sadly, Kann, 52, never made it out, and officials spent years trying to find his body.
"We made numerous attempts through the years to try to recover him with technological advancements. We used some of that to go down there, but his remains weren't found until Saturday," Door County Sheriff Terry Vogel told Fox 11. "He still had his diving gear on, in fact."
PHOTO of Lakeland (Story continues below):
During the dive, Olsen realized that his oxygen tank was quickly losing air, so the two men had to make an early return to the surface. As the divers were sharing what little oxygen remained, Kann lagged behind in an attempt to decompress, the New York Daily News reports. Decompression is necessary when rising from deep waters, to prevent the build-up of nitrogen bubbles in the blood.
Olsen never saw Kann again, until Saturday afternoon when sport divers happened upon him. The perfect combination of pressure, oxygen and cold temperature at that depth mummified and preserved Kann's body, ABC News reported.
Kann's wife Rose told the Daily Mail that the family is "relieved" to finally have found the hero's body, but she was having difficulty speaking about it.
“I would write during nap times, during ‘Sesame Street,' that kind of stuff,” said Ms. Vanderpool, 46, by telephone from her home in Wichita, Kan., where she was born and reared. “It was just a nice little escape, a nice hobby. Then fortunately this year it got published.”
As part of her research, she traveled to Frontenac, Kan., in the southeast corner of the state, a town she called “the bootlegging capital of the Midwest.” (It also happened to be the home of her mother's side of the family.) There she read newspaper articles on microfilm at the library and scoured old yearbooks helpfully supplied by local residents.
“As I started doing research, that's when the story started to take off,” Ms. Vanderpool said. “It really is the story of a young girl looking for clues of her father, wondering if he's coming back to get her and trying to figure out for herself what home means to her.”
The book was published by Delacorte Press Books for Young Readers, an imprint of Random House Children's Books. It has sold 12,000 copies so far, a spokeswoman said.
Photo
Though “Moon Over Manifest” did not appear on the New York Times best-seller list, it was selected as a pick by IndieBound, an American Booksellers Association initiative of independent-store owners; it is a cherished stamp of approval. Sarah Bagby, the owner of Watermark Books and Cafe in Wichita, said the store had sold “hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of copies.”
“Clare took her experience of growing up in a neighborhood in a square mile in Wichita, Kan., and she took that experience and made it universal,” Ms. Bagby said. “It has a historic voice that connects the past to the future.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The winner of the Caldecott medal, “A Sick Day for Amos McGee,” was also a debut by its authors, a husband-and-wife team in Ann Arbor, Mich. It is the story of a zookeeper and his tender friendship with the animals, and was published by Roaring Brook Press, an imprint of the Macmillan Children's Publishing Group.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Stead said he and Ms. Stead conceived the project in 2006, when they were living in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn. (They first met in a high school art class in Dearborn, Mich.) Now they work together in the same studio in Ann Arbor, when Mr. Stead is not teaching graphic design at Washtenaw Community College, a side job.
In a telephone interview from Ann Arbor, he wondered aloud if the book's simplicity made it stand out among the hundreds of other possible candidates.
“We were a little concerned before the book came out that it was too quiet,” Mr. Stead said. “It is very simple. It has very muted colors. It's a quiet story with a very simple story arc. In a weird way, maybe that was what made it stand out. Maybe people were ready for a story about kindness.”
Apple leaker Sonny Dickson purchases brand-name fashion items, like these Louis Vuitton sunglasses, with the money he makes from selling Apple prototypes. He didn't want to be photographed and asked that his age not be published but supplied the photo for this story. Mr Dickson has been distributing photos of leaked Apple device prototypes for a number of years. In Skype and phone interviews with Fairfax Media, he said he also had a keen interest in uncovering upcoming features in Apple operating systems by trawling through developer code for signs engineers have left behind. A blogger who has worked with him to publish the leaked prototypes said Mr Dickson had made a name for himself in the trade of Apple-owned material "which no one else would post online". "He also clearly has some connections in Apple's Asia supply chain to obtain these parts, and I find Sonny very dedicated," the blogger said.
"Apple watches me every single day," Mr Dickson said, referring to his website's analytics data, which he claimed show that in a recent one-month period it was viewed at least 100 times by Apple staff. A picture of the iPad mini back-casing Sonny posted before the mini's unveiling. The only thing that changed before launch was the removal of what appears to be a second microphone at the top centre. "They always want to know what I know," he said. His photos often give Apple watchers an idea of what might be included in upcoming Apple products – or in some cases what might not make the final cut. In one case, when many believed near-field communication and a fingerprint scanner would be included in the iPhone 5, Mr Dickson was able to rule this out by showing photos that proved this was wrong. A picture Sonny posted of an iPhone 5 battery before the phone's launch. The battery and specifications listed on it turned out to be true.
"It wasn't going to happen," Mr Dickson said of NFC and fingerprint scanning. "People thought it was going to, but I said it wasn't going to happen and I found out. People said there was a part in the screen, and then I found out it wasn't actually in there. So I told the internet about it." He said he developed relationships with his sources not by flying to the US or China, but by hanging out in online forums or on Chinese social networking websites like Weibo.com. He uses Google Translate, an online translation service, to communicate with non-English-speaking sources. "Over the years I've collected friends and sources from China and Apple … So I've got a really good bond with them [and] they tell me information they shouldn't and then I just post it." Making money
As well as leaking photos and information on Apple device prototypes, which he mostly receives directly from factories, Mr Dickson has also made a business out of selling them. He also runs an iPhone repair business for people local to him. "What I do online is kind of turning into a business because it can pay my bills and pay for my Apple products and stuff like that," he said. "If I need money, I can get money basically. It's not really like a wage [but] if I need something I can just get it from someone [and] if I need to get a new iPhone, I'd find a prototype and then sell it off and then I'd get the money [for it] from that." Although he admits he could be breaking the law by on-selling the goods, he said he believes he has found a way around getting into trouble. "You could say I'm breaking the law," he said, "but I have changed [the buying and selling process] so that I don't actually have to touch the devices any more. I'm a middleman."
He said he changed his strategy in January after one of his sources told him that Apple's global security team was about to start an investigation. Within 20 hours of hearing this, he sold and mailed all of the prototypes in his possession to a friend in the US, he said. "I had to get rid of them." An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment.
A British woman has been released from the hospital after surviving a scary elephant attack during a recent South African safari trip.
Sarah Brooks, a teacher, was stabbed in her thigh by the elephant's tusk during the incident at Kruger National Park on Dec. 30. Her partner suffered minor injuries.
The shocking incident was captured on video by passengers inside a nearby vehicle. The clip shows the car approaching the elephant, which eventually tips over the couple's car and crushes it.
(Warning: Video contains explicit language.)
"Of course they were totally frightened but also thankful that they were alive," William Mabasa, general manager at the park, told the BBC. "The car is a wreck, if I may put it that way."
The animal was put down just after the attack because its behavior had become unpredictable, according to the park manager.
“Since it was in its musth phase, the elephant had got into a fight with another dominant bull before and was very aggressive,” South African National Parks representative Ike Phaahla told City Press, a South African news outlet. “We need to respect their space. They are wild animals and behave naturally in the wild. Their behavior can be very unpredictable and if they feel under threat, they will attack to defend themselves.”
During an elephant's musth phase, which happens during the breeding season, testosterone levels rise, causing the animal to become more aggressive, the report notes.
This isn't the first time an elephant has overturned a car at the park. In April, an elephant attacked a vehicle carrying two Chinese tourists. The incident left one of the passengers in critical condition.
According to the Mother Nature Network, an agitated elephant can make for one of the most dangerous animals in the wild.
Ja Du can be seen driving around Tampa, FL in his purple Tuk Tuk, a vehicle used for public transit in the Philippines.
Per 11 Alive, Ja Du, given the name Adam at birth, is a white man who chooses to identify as a Filipino.
Ja Du says he grew up enjoying Filipino food, events and the culture.
“Whenever I'm around the music, around the food, I feel like I'm in my own skin,” he told 11 Alive. “I'd watch the history channel sometimes for hours you know whenever it came to that and you know nothing else intrigued me more but things about Filipino culture.”
Dr. Stacey Scheckner, a licensed psychologist with a B.A. from Washington University who also holds a M.A. and doctorate from Florida State, does not see anything wrong with Ja Du's behavior, likening it to someone changing their gender.
“If someone feels that they feel at home with a certain religion, a certain race, a certain culture, I think that if that's who they really feel inside life is about finding out who you are. The more knowledge you have of yourself, the happier you can be,” she said.
Ja Du has not yet told his family about identifying as a Filipino man for fear of ridicule.
Ja Du is not the first to come out as transracial. Rachel Dolezal came under fire for identifying as black despite being born white and was even the president of the Spokane, WA, chapter of the NAACP.
Follow Breitbart.tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo
Customize Your Squad Create and grow your own unique characters, expand your squad and train them up from insignificant weaklings into legendary warriors
Scrape By And Survive You are not special unless you work for it. Survive your beatings, get captured by cannibals, sold to slavers or conscripted into armies
Explore The World Set in an alternative fantasy swordpunk desert world, freely roam and explore a seamless 870 sq/km* world map, the largest in a single-player RPG since daggerfall
Build A Fortress Build and expand your own fortress. Protect yourself and your people from the outside world. Make allies and wage war with other factions and clans
Start A Business Purchase and upgrade your own buildings to use as safe fortified havens when things go bad, or use them to start up a business
Heal Your Injuries Wounded characters will limp, crawl, lose their vision, or succumb to blood loss, exhaustion and thirst. Severed limbs need robotic replacements*
In perhaps Horse Racing's story of the year, 2012 Haskell Invitational winner Paynter appears to making nothing short of a miraculous recovery from several life threatening situations. The good looking three year old by Awesome Again has been hospitalized since August 26, initially with a critical case of colitis, followed by the complication of laminitis, and an infection from an inserted IV.
As of this past Monday (Sept. 10), his condition has been upgraded from “critical” to “stable”. The Zayat family, who own the colt, said thru Twitter that Paynter “continues to gradually improve. He is passing manure and eating, and walks freely around his stall. His fever is under control and his protein levels have stabilized.”
“We continue to be blessed by a special horse; he continues to defy the odds,” primary owner Ahmed Zayat reported in a series of tweets (on Monday.)
“We have a happy horse today, no fever, all blood work is good. He is comfortable, stable and eating well.
“His protein level is good all in all looks like Payter continues to turn the corner and winning his battle with his colitis and on his fight with his fight with his laminitis, let me explain more in detail”.
“Paynter has three of his legs with casts to support the (three affected) feet. He has had no rotation at any point since the start of his illness in any of his feet”. (Laminitis is when the coffin bone inside the hoof begins to rotate downward…in severe cases it sometimes will penetrate the bottom of the hoof)
“None of them have shown any sinking ever since the beginning of his diagnosis” Zayat went on to say.
“It is fair to say that we caught a very mild laminitis in the first stages. We have taken today for the first time new sets of X-rays on his three feet since he has been in the casts since last Sunday.
“Dr. Laura (Javsicas) was extremely happy to see that there were no radiological changes from last week”.
‘In fact there has been much improvement from the way his feet looked before being in the cast”.
“So she feels very hopeful and encouraged that if we continue to have comfortable feet, and we feel blessed that this courageous Paynter, not only beaten colitis but he has a very good chance of beating laminitis.
“Miracles can happen; I am very heartened and encouraged that not only Paynter will survive as a stallion, but in 10 days when his casts are off, we can be in for a surprise that we have a chance of seeing him back as a racehorse in 2013.”
Zayat added that retirement was also an option.
“That's always a possibility,” Zayat said. “The colt will always come first — he will tell us.”
Speaking from 33 years of experience, I am not completely convinced that Paytner, who is as gusty a horse as I've seen thru the years, is not out of the woods just yet. Laminitis can come back at anytime and will have to be monitored almost constantly.
I've been fooled once before by a super horse that suffered a catastrophic injury followed by a bout with laminitis. This horse lived some seven months and was doing well the whole time, and I thought he was going to make it. But as fate would have it, suddenly (no pun intended) the wheels came off and he had to be euthanized….perhaps you remember him….his name was Barbaro.
For all of its surprising relevance, “Power Rangers” feels hopelessly lost in time.
It really isn't that weird that someone spent $105 million on a “Power Rangers” movie in 2017. What's weird is that someone spent $105 million on a “Power Rangers” movie in 2017, and then decided that it should open with a gag about a teenage boy inadvertently masturbating a bull.
Yes, we live in an an infantilizing age of blockbuster cinema that sustains itself by selling people overpriced echoes of the songs they sang as kids. Yes, Hollywood is growing desperate for previously established properties it can exhume, refurbish, and sell back to the public as mega-budget franchises with international appeal. And yes, the studios are starting to scrape the bottom of the barrel, throwing money at anything that boasts even the faintest glimmer of brand recognition (the next few months alone will see big screen versions of “CHiPS,” “Ghost in the Shell,” and “Baywatch”). But “Power Rangers,” which feels so distant from the zeitgeist that it seems like NASA should be forced to hold a press conference every time it comes into view, admittedly makes a certain amount of sense.
Moviegoers old enough to buy their own ticket may not know this, but “Mighty Morphin Power Rangers” — a kitschy, brilliantly resourceful kids TV series that debuted in 1993 by wrapping an original story about a fresh-faced team of American superheroes around the oodles of colorful, exaggeratedly dubbed battle footage that it borrowed from a popular Japanese show — is still on the air. And while the program's current iteration probably doesn't politicize this point, there's no denying the timeliness of a saga about a multi-racial squad of high schoolers who can only achieve their true power and transform into a giant robot (Megazord!!) by “putting down their masks” and working together to defeat an ancient evil. And yet, for all of its surprising relevance, “Power Rangers” feels hopelessly lost in time. There is an audience for this movie, but this movie has no idea who that audience might be.
“Power Rangers” isn't for adults, who might be hoping for a lovingly ironic approach in the tradition of “21 Jump Street.” It's not for teens, who grew up with this stuff, and might enjoy seeing their childhood toys repurposed for a gritty reboot that flatters their maturing sensibilities. And it's not for children, whose parents might let them watch the TV show on Saturday mornings, but may not understand why they're supposed to laugh during the pre-credits scene in which a high school prank goes awry after a juvenile delinquent admits to mistaking a bull for a cow and yanking its dick until some “milk” came out.
READ MORE: Elizabeth Banks On Why She's Not Directing “Pitch Perfect 3”
In fact, from the symphonic music that plays over the opening credits to the film's glacially-paced origin story and the city-destroying robot fight with which it culminates, “Power Rangers” owes far more to the Marvel Cinematic Universe, the “Twilight” generation, and Michael Bay's “Transformers” movies than it does its own source material. If not for a handful of scattered call-backs and an amusingly incongruous performance from Elizabeth Banks (who plays the evil Rita Repulsa with such go-for-broke glee that it feels like she's fulfilling a Make-A-Wish request for a dying fanbase), it would seem as though this movie were embarrassed of its origins.
The basic gist is still the same, even if the new Power Rangers look more like “Riverdale” rejects than than they do the cherubic Disney Channel graduates who populated the original. After a brief, campy prologue that finds Repulsa fighting a dude named Zordon (Bryan Cranston, who has deep ties with the franchise) during the Cenozoic Era, we're whisked back to the present, where a motley crew of beautiful teen screw-ups are about to meet in detention and form the weirdest Breakfast Club of all time.
Jason Scott (the mannequin-like Dacre Montgomery, who aspires to Charlie Hunnam's level of lifelessness) is the local football hero who throws his future away when he gets involved in the aforementioned bovine incident. His reasons for wanting to strand a farm animal in the halls of his high school aren't super clear, but they're broadly of the James Van Der Beek “I don't want your life” variety.
He's joined by newly disenfranchised mean girl Kimberly Hart (compelling half-Indian actress Naomi Scott, destined for better things), quiet rebel Trini (Latina YouTube star Becky G), badass momma's boy Zack (a charismatic 29-year-old Chinese-Canadian talent named Ludi Lin), and the savant-like Billy, who struggles with sarcasm but amiably self-identifies as being on the Autism spectrum. He's played by RJ Cyler, who never reprises his famous “Me and Earl and the Dying Girl” catchphrase (“‘dem titties”), but does get to articulate his character's non-neurotypical nature in a monologue about how difficult it would be to “cram a ton of crayons in a butt.”
In some respects, this is an admirably diverse group of characters, a fact that “Power Rangers” emphasizes from time to time, either by digging a bit deeper into their respective cultures or by having an alien machine size them up by exclaiming “Different color, different kids, different color kids!” In other respects, there are some glaring gaps in representation, and these omissions are made all the more pronounced by the film's overt focus on inclusiveness. Maybe Muslim kids, Jewish kids, or anyone else who doesn't see themselves on screen can hold out hope for the sequel — more likely, they'll come to think of their absence as a blessing in disguise.
If this all sounds like a lot of liberal posturing, it's not as if the movie gives you all that much else to think about. Silly as many of its details may be, “Power Rangers” adheres to the same tired structure as every other effects-driven story about unassuming people who inherit superhuman abilities, defeat the bad guy, and leave us with some canned voiceover about their future adventures. This one leads all five of its heroes to the same mine, where they discover a buried spaceship, become strong, make friends with a chatty robot named Alpha 5 (voiced by Bill Hader), and receive marching orders from Zordon, who is trapped inside the ship's computer system or something. Meanwhile, the ghoulish Rita Repulsa is terrorizing the good people of Angel Grove and stealing their gold so she can rebuild her (ironically worthless) hench-golem for the film's only big fight scene.
It's hard to remember exactly how John Gatin's screenplay pads out the rest of the film's 124-minute running time, but there are a ton of training montages, Rita murders a homeless guy for no particular reason, and at one point the Power Rangers are almost undone by a sexting scandal. At least director Dean Israelite — whose “Project Almanac” now seems like a dry run for this — is smart to spend plenty of time on Alpha 5; the robot minion doesn't have a single clever line of dialogue, but it looks like scrap metal from the set of “Forbidden Planet” and moves with a visual ingenuity worthy of “Star Wars.”
Not that “Power Rangers” would have been improved by trying harder to ape ILM genius with CW talent. What this exasperatingly bland movie needed was more personality of its own — it needed to be made on a budget small enough to afford to fail even harder than it's probably going to be anyway. If not for Elizabeth Banks, some dinosaur-shaped mechs, and the fact that everyone keeps saying the word “Zordon,” this would hardly seem like a Power Rangers movie at all; even the iconic, color-coded spandex suits have been turned into hard plastic nonsense that looks so dumb and lifeless that Zack Snyder might as well steal it for “Justice League.”
The film is a blast during the few brief moments when it embraces the cartoon craziness that's made the television show into such a cultural fixture, but it sheepishly backs away from every one of these giddy indulgences as if it's afraid of getting caught with a hand in the cookie jar; why play the series' unforgettable theme song (“Go Go, Power Rangers!”) if you're going to cut it off after just a few bars? If only “Power Rangers” had the courage to put down its mask and work with its audience. It may not be possible to cram a ton of crayons in a butt, but that doesn't mean we should settle for anonymous photocopies, instead.
Grade: C-
“Power Rangers” opens in theaters March 24.
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
People started gathering at around 5pm, last Tuesday, at the 1400 block of Nisson Road; the site where Robert Villa was fatally shot by Tustin Police Department officers on Monday February the 10th.
Families of victims of police brutality from all over Southern California were among the first ones to show up with their characteristic energetic solidarity and ready to march towards Tustin City Hall, where Robert Villa's family expected to address the city council and ask for clarifications on the police department allegations that Villa was armed with a knife when he was shot by police officers.
“We want to know why the Tustin Police Department is making this untrue statement. We are also reaching out for a complete and transparent investigation by the County of Orange, District Attorneys office.” Read a press release sent out by the Law Offices of Humberto Guizar, Villa family's attorney.
Before the march started, police on motorcycles rode by the site on several occasions.
At around 6pm the march started. After about a 1-mile walk through some of the busiest streets of Tustin, the crowd of around 100 people led by Leticia Villa, Robert Villa's mother, arrived to City Hall. To the chants of “ No justice, no peace!” they filled up the lobby of the city council chamber where various city officials and police officers were present. Some showed contempt for the protesters and some even smirked every now and then as the demonstrators entered the room.
A man who said to be a “city official” named Steven Lewis seemed particularly amused by the passionate demands. He was later identified as Captain Steven Lewis, head of the TPD Community Policing Bureau (CPB) and current president of the Tustin-Santa Ana Rotary Club, a non-profit organization.
An improvised rally in the room followed. The chants were then directed at the police officers “guarding” the room with their hands resting on their butt-guns the entire time.
But not only adults expressed their disgust with the police. A young relative of Robert Villa also vented his anger.
“Every time, every time you guys always stop me! Every time, every time I'm outside playing with my toy guns, you guys have to roll up and say something to me! … I never do anything to you guys, I respect you! …I never do anything to you, I don't even know what you guys are here for! I thought you guys were here to protect the people… not [to kill]!” The boy said.
The tension in the room augmented when protesters demanded to know where the chief of police was. TPD, Chief Charles Celano, hesitantly identified himself. The protesters began asking why the police lied in the official report to which he responded with the typical, “It's under investigation, I can't give answers.”
Finally, the councilmembers appeared and occupied their chairs at the council dais. After a fanfarious flag salutation and pledge of allegiance the meeting started.
The city council, headed by Mayor Elwyn A. Murray, decided that it was more important to follow the “orderly fashioned” protocol than listening to the grievances of Tustin residents, especially Mrs. Villa's whose son had just been shot and killed by city employees.
The first order of business was to recognize and honor a police officer for his outstanding work, which came as a slap in the face of the demonstrators who interrupted the congratulatory speeches and photo ops with sporadic chants, “Justice for Robert, jail killer cops!” They shouted.
In a forced conciliating tone, Mayor Murray pleaded, “Like I said earlier this evening, I'd like to proceed in as orderly a fashion possible later on when you speak, but we're certainly here to listen to you. So please try your very best. I know it's not difficult –it's difficult- it's difficult for me just seeing all of you this evening and um, just understanding the loss. When you have a family member loss in you family is tough for all of us.” He said.
He then proceeded to introduce a presentation by Chief Celano.
Celano began his “National Night Out” presentation bragging about the good work his police officers did on the corporate sponsored event last year, and presented some of his officials with even more awards.
Pressured by the demonstrators to give answers to Villa's family, Celano started out by reading the report that claims Villa had a knife at the time of contact between him and the police officers.
“… Immediately upon arrival, officers were confronted by a male subject, later identified as Robert Villa, who was armed with a knife. Shortly thereafter an officer involved shooting ensued. Officers immediately rendered first aid to Mr. Villa and called for paramedics. Mr. Villa was transported to Western Medical Center where tragically he succumbed to his wounds.” As he continued explaining the process of “investigation” in officer involved shootings, Mrs. Villa burst into tears, “One minute is all I'm asking” she said as her supporters began chanting, “Let her speak! Let her speak!” Visibly irritated Mayor Murray banged his gavel and asked for composure.
“One minute is all I'm asking.” Repeated Mrs. Villa as the chants grew louder.
At the suggestion of Chief Celano, Mayor Murray ordered a recess until “the crowd calmed down.”
All five council members walked out on a weeping mother who only wanted to address her city's government. They left the chamber in the midst of the commotion caused by their display of blatant lack of empathy.
“What the fuck is wrong with you? She just wanted to speak before the cop!” some protesters yelled at the council members as they exited through the backdoor.
With an empty council dais, Mrs. Villa started reading a statement in tears and a broken voice.
“My son was a loving son, he was a loving father, and he was a loving brother. Twenty years ago, my son lost his father. Now my grandson lost his father. My grandson asks everyday ‘Where's my daddy?' You guys took him away from us. I want to know who killed my son, … because it was more than one police officer. I want to know all their names… I can't stay here and hear this man making excuse of why they took my son's life away. I have to live in this planet for the rest of my life and watch you, Tustin police, execute my son. I just can't handle this; it's sick, it's wicked.”
Mrs. Villa then left the chamber accompanied by her noticeably agitated husband who seemed to be breathing heavily.
At that point, some protesters began to exit the chamber as well just to encounter baton-wielding Gang Unit police officers in riot gear posted outside the lobby who, citing “security” reasons, ordered the people to exit through the door they had come through earlier. “We're asking everyone to leave that way please, for everybody's safety.” Said Sgt. James Brabek, as he was seemingly giving or receiving orders over his radio.
After being confronted by the protesters about the ridiculous show of force, the officers backed down.
The meeting resumed after about 10 minutes of recess and the public comments session started.
“You ask a cop to speak first on an issue where [they] don't have credit, they have no credit with our community at all. And for you to listen to them first –of course they're gonna say whatever they wanna say to make it seem like they're actually good people.” A supporter of the family said.
Arthur Salas, Robert Villa's uncle, directed his comments specifically to Mayor Murray.
“I'm just an individual, just like you. Right? I'm Mexican, you're black. Right? There's racial profile towards me, racial profile towards you. Right? At this moment as I speak there's so much racial violence towards our children. In the past two years can you tell me how many children or how many people have got killed by the police? Can you tell me? You're the Mayor. Do you know the answer? … I know the answer. I can tell you exactly what street, what motel, what gas station, and what apartment building they got killed at. What freeway they got killed at. And all these people didn't have a gun.”
He then turned to Chief Celano, “Hey chief, I know you're new… get your shit together man. Put your boys on check” He advised.
The public comments session ended with a timid statement by Mayor Murray.
“I would ask that you please be patient and allow the judicial process to move forward. Again thank you all of you for sharing your thoughts, and again offer my condolences on behalf of our city council and our community. Good night, thank you very much.” He said.
None other of the city council members offered individual condolences or made any statements regarding the case up to that point.
On a side note, The Rebel Press members noticed a familiar face in the crowd. Among the city council meeting attendees was James Armendaris, Community Police Reconciliation Program director at the OC Human Relations, a non-profit organization that has received more than $60, 000 from the Anaheim Police Department as payment for helping pacify unrest in neighborhoods where police killings have occurred, Ana Drive in Anaheim most recently.
Armendaris also serves on both, the Anaheim and the Tustin Police Chief Advisory Boards.
The Rebel Press contacted Rusty Kennedy, OCHR Executive Director, via e-mail to enquire if members of his staff were on official OCHRH business at the meeting. To publishing time we haven't received a response.
TOKYO (AFP) - A Japanese court on Thursday gave a suspended jail sentence to a former basketball coach for repeated physical abuse of a teenage boy who later killed himself.
The Osaka District Court in western Japan sentenced Hajime Komura, 47, to one year in prison, suspended for three years.
Komura was a teacher at Sakuranomiya Senior High School in Osaka and was coaching its basketball club.
The 17-year-old club captain was found hanging in his room two days before last Christmas. He left a note saying he had taken his life after being repeatedly beaten by the coach, education authorities had admitted.
Komura admitted beating the boy and apologised to his family in the wake of his death.
Presiding judge Kenta Onodera said the former teacher "blindly believed" that use of physical punishment was effective, despite complaints from parents of students.
"The suicide shows the victim suffered physically and mentally," Jiji Press news agency quoted the judge as saying.
"The use of violence because the student did not play (to Komura's) satisfaction was unreasonable."
Violence in Japanese sport has been thrust into the spotlight in recent months after a series of high-profile cases.
A video emerged last week showing a volleyball coach repeatedly slapping a schoolboy, just days after Tokyo was awarded the 2020 Olympics.
Separately, world judo champion Shohei Ono was banned for three months for physically abusing junior members of his university judo squad.
Well, it's been 6 months and 1 liver transplant since Steve Jobs initially took a voluntary 6 months leave of absence from Apple, and now Apple is confirming that Jobs officially returned to work today. According to Apple spokesman Steve Dowling, Jobs' transition back to Apple will see him slowly ease back into a full work schedule. For the time being, Downling noted that Jobs will work a few days at Apple HQ in Cupertino while working a few days from home as well. The return of Steve Jobs should be more than welcome news for investors who have been critical of the way Apple has handled disclosures pertaining to Jobs' health. More recently, investors have lambasted Apple for waiting a few months to disclose the fact that Jobs received a liver transplant. Interestingly, famed investor Warren Buffet even added his 2 cents to the discussion, and chided Apple for hiding what he termed were "material facts" regarding Steve Jobs and his future at Apple. There has also been a lot of speculation regarding just how involved Jobs will be at Apple once he returns, and while it might be too soon to make any predictions, Jobs' surgeon issued a press release last week noting that Jobs' prognosis was "excellent." With that being the case, we can only hope that Jobs will make a full recovery and soon be back at the helm of Apple 100%.
Join the Network World communities on Facebook and LinkedIn to comment on topics that are top of mind.
The new security protocols will be built around present-day threat situations, officials said, where fragments of intelligence from various threat streams are considered. So, for example, if terrorist groups are recruiting college-age men who have spent time in Asia and have been to the Middle East , that type of travel pattern would raise a flag to officials at international airports.
“It is much more surgically targeting those individuals we are concerned about and have intelligence for,” the administration official said, speaking to a small group of reporters at a White House briefing on Thursday afternoon. The official added: “This is not a system that can be called profiling in the traditional sense. It is intelligence-based.”
Officials said intelligence information from a variety of United States agencies would be made available to foreign airlines, whose employees and security officials would have wide latitude to stop passengers, or not.
If this system had been in place on Dec. 25, when a 23-year-old Nigerian man wearing explosives-lined underwear boarded a Northwest plane, the administration official said, “we would have had one more chance to stop him.”
The bombing attempt exposed significant flaws in how the administration collected and shared intelligence reports. The president said the government had sufficient information to uncover the terror plot to bring down the commercial jetliner, but had “failed to connect those dots.”
The system to be announced Friday replaces the mandatory screening — including full-body pat downs — that was hastily set up in January. Citizens of Afghanistan , Algeria , Lebanon , Libya , Iraq , Nigeria , Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Somalia , Yemen , Cuba , Iran , Sudan and Syria have also been subjected to extra checks of their carry-on baggage before boarding planes for the United States.
While the United States has never formally confirmed the names of the 14 countries where passport holders face automatic additional scrutiny, they have been widely reported. Administration officials said terrorist organizations had turned their recruiting efforts elsewhere.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For the last three months, thousands of people flying to the United States each day have faced additional security measures simply because they were from one of the 14 countries. But officials said they feared such broad measures did not provide an adequate filter to identify people suspected of being involved in potential terror plots.
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , who will announce the new system, has traveled to several countries in recent months to enlist the cooperation of foreign airlines and governments.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
She presented her findings to Mr. Obama this week, administration officials said, and he approved the new system.
Security protocols from several countries were studied as officials from the United States put together this new system. But a senior administration official said it was not based on one specific system, but rather modified “to apply against the terrorism threat in the aviation sector.”
Currently, the only information typically checked before a passenger boards an airplane is the name, date of birth and nationality — information found in a passport, which is compared against the terror watch lists.
If a match is made between a passenger and the watch list, the passenger can be denied the right to board, or subjected to intense screening.
But the Homeland Security Department separately already collects much more information on the travel patterns of passengers headed to the United States, including other stops made on the way to an American airport, how the passenger paid for the ticket as well as other details contained in the reservation, like what hotel a passenger might be staying in, or if he or she is traveling alone.
This information is also sent to the United States before the flight takes off, often 48 hours in advance.
But typically, this information, known as Passenger Name Record, is consulted only by Customs and Border Protection agency officials, once the plane is in the air, as they weigh whether to allow the person to clear customs.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
American security officials have sparred with their counterparts in Europe to protect their right to collect this data.
The information that intelligence agencies will use could include the Passenger Name Record, officials said, as well as information collected from a visa application or previous visits to the United States.
Yet given the huge number of flights heading to the United States each day, handling each passenger on a case-by-case basis — rather than doing mandatory secondary screening for people from certain countries — will create logistical challenges and is likely to raise new questions about racial profiling.
The senior administration official dismissed suggestions that the intelligence-based system of extra security could be considered profiling.
“We're talking about different features, characteristics, attributes of individuals who reportedly are trying to carry out terrorist attacks,” the official said. “We're trying to match those intelligence indicators to the people who are trying to come to the United States.”
On Wednesday's The View, the panel discussed the upcoming presidential debates and what the roles of the moderators should be. The discussion started with agreement that moderators should fact-check each candidate throughout the debate and how that was helpful for viewers who may not be “political junkies.” Behar then brought up 2012 debate moderator, Candy Crowley and insinuated that she was punished for fact-checking Romney.
BEHAR: Remember Candy Crowley when she corrected Romney in the last debate with Obama, they called her out for that and two months later we didn't see her on CNN anymore. Coincidence? I don't know. SARA HAINES: But she was right, right? WHOOPI: Yeah, she was right. HAINES:--what she brought up? BEHAR: Yeah, but she's gone. HAINES: [sadly] I know.
Bila jumped in to add that it wasn't the actual “fact-checking” that was the problem in Crowley's case, but how she went about doing it.
BILA: The way it came off to certain people was that she was echoing a talking point of the Obama campaign. So you have to be careful.
Behar added that in 2014, MSNBC's Chuck Todd said that sometimes the candidate won't come back on your show if you push too much with “fact-checks.”
Apparently the panelists at the View conveniently forgot when “righteous” Crowley admitted that she treated Romney unfairly during the second presidential debate, and even Washington Post fact-checker Glenn Kessler defended Romney's statement on Libya which Crowley harped on.
Perhaps then her biased performance during the debate was the reason her journalistic career deflated afterwards, and not the actual act of “fact-checking?”
CLOSE Thirteen police officers were honored with the Public Safety Medal of Valor at the White House. President Obama grew emotional as he posthumously recognized Philadelphia Police Sgt. Robert Wilson III, who was killed while buying his son a gift. USA TODAY
President Obama awards the Medal of Valor to Patrolman Louis Cioci, of Johnson City, N.Y., for pursuing and apprehending a gunman who had killed a fellow officer at a crowded hospital, thereby saving the lives of employees, patients, and visitors, during a ceremony at the White House Monday. (Photo11: JIM WATSON, AFP/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — President Obama awarded the nation's highest honor for law enforcement to 13 police officers Monday, recognizing officers who put themselves in harm's way — one fatally — to protect citizens.
The Public Safety Medal of Valor recognizes police, firefighters and other first responders for exceptional courage. Obama said the actions of the 13 recognized Monday helped to save countless lives.
"To a person, each of these honorees acted without regard to their own safety," Obama said in a ceremony in the East Room of the White House evoking the formality of a military Medal of Honor presentation. "We're so grateful they were there — some off duty, others on duty, and all rising above and beyond the call of duty."
The ceremony, held during National Police Week, came shortly after Obama signed into law two police-related bills renewing a bulletproof vest grant program and allowing free U.S. Capitol flags for the families of fallen first responders.
Obama called on Americans to support law enforcement officers with deeds as well as words, and thanked their families for the burden they also face.
"We know that you wait up late and you're worried and you're counting down the minutes until your loved one walks through the door safe after a long shift. We know it never gets easier, and we thank you for that," Obama said. "And of course we honor those who didn't come home, including one hero we honor posthumously today."
Philadelphia Police Sergeant Robert Wilson III stopped at a video game store last year to buy his son a gift for getting good grades. Two armed men — who police later learned were brothers — entered the store, and security footage then showed Wilson confronting them, stepping away from the staff and patrons to keep them out of the crossfire.
After exchanging 50 rounds in a shootout, one of the robbers shot Wilson in the head, killing him. Accepting the Medal of Valor for Wilson was his grandmother, Constance Wilson.
The Public Safety Medal of Valor was established by President Clinton by executive order in 2000, and then officially recognized by Congress in 2001.
Others awarded the medal Monday are:
Officer Mario Gutierrez, Miami-Dade, Fla., for subduing a knife-wielding assailant who attempted to set off a massive gas explosion that could have resulted in multiple fatalities.
Patrolman Louis Cioci, Johnson City, N.Y., for pursuing and apprehending a gunman who had killed a fellow officer at a crowded hospital, thereby saving the lives of employees, patients, and visitors.
Officers Jason Salas and Robert Sparks and Captain Raymond Bottenfield, Santa Monica, Calif., for placing themselves in danger to save the lives of students and staff during a school shooting on the campus of Santa Monica College.
Major David Huff, Midwest City, Okla., for resolving a hostage situation,. saving the life of a two-year-old girl after negotiations deteriorated with a man holding the child captive at knife point.
Officer Donald Thompson, Los Angeles, Calif., for crossing two freeway dividers and enduring first- and second-degree burns while pulling an unconscious man to safety from a car moments before it became engulfed in flames.
Officer Coral Walker, Omaha, Neb., for single-handedly incapacitating a man who had killed and injured multiple victims on a shooting spree.
Officer Gregory Stevens, Garland, Tex., for exchanging gunfire at close range and subduing two heavily armed assailants, thereby preventing a mass shooting.
Officer Niel Johnson, North Miami, Fla., for pursuing a man who had shot a Miami police officer and two other innocent bystanders, withstanding fire from an assault weapon, and apprehending the assailant.
Special Agent Tyler Call, FBI, for helping to rescue a woman from her ex-husband, who was holding her at gunpoint.
Deputy Joey Tortorella, Niagara County, N.Y., for confronting and subduing a gunman who had shot and wounded his parents inside their home, and preventing him from threatening a nearby elementary school.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1TiPAa3
Image copyright Glyn Baker Image caption York council is offering free internet access for people using laptops or smart phones
Free public wi-fi is being rolled out across York city centre following a successful trial.
The wireless internet connection was originally available in St Helen's Square and Coney Street.
The scheme, using the council's existing network, is being extended ahead of the Tour de France, which starts in Leeds on 5 July before heading out across Yorkshire.
The council said costs of the scheme had come from government funding.
Roy Grant, from the council, said providing wi-fi to shoppers could encourage them to explore new parts of the city.
"We actually see wi-fi as a great enabler and we can change people's habits by maybe taking them down streets of York which don't get a lot of footfalls," he said.
Wireless access points will be installed providing access for anyone with a laptop, smart phone or other internet-enabled device.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The 2019 Ford Ranger has officially debuted—GO HERE FOR PHOTOS AND ALL THE DETAILS.
What It Is: The return of the less-than-gigantic Ford pickup. Ford currently sells this mid-sizer just about everywhere except here. But that is about to change in response to the strong-selling Chevy Colorado and GMC Canyon. The Ranger will also spawn a new Ford Bronco SUV, which will offer some competition to the Jeep Wrangler. Broncos should arrive in 2020 with a starting price of $30,000.
Why It Matters: The sales potential is significant. Toyota has been quietly selling gobs of Tacomas—just shy of 180,000 in 2015. And GM sparked new life in the class, selling more than 100,000 Coloranyons last year. In its heyday, the Ranger shamed them all, selling nearly 350,000 in 1999.
Platform: Our Ranger will use the same body-on-frame construction as the truck sold elsewhere in the world. Like GM's mid-sizers, it's only slightly smaller than its big brother; the crew cab is actually longer than a base F-150. But GM has proved that even big small trucks can sell without cannibalizing sales from the full-size lineup.
Powertrain: The only engine currently offered in the global Ranger that would likely come to the American market is the 3.2-liter five-cylinder diesel. It's available in the full-size Transit van and could help the Ranger take away the title of “most efficient pickup” from the 31-highway-mpg diesel Colorado/Canyon twins. Expect an EcoBoost four-cylinder as well as a naturally aspirated gas V-6 in the U.S. lineup. A diesel Bronco sounds pretty good to us, too.
Competition: Chevy Colorado, GMC Canyon, Nissan Frontier, Toyota Tacoma.
What Might Go Wrong: With the mid-size-truck market on the upswing and the Ranger nameplate's widespread recognition, the only way this could derail is if Ford executives charge too much.
Estimated Arrival and Price: The 2019 model year, with base prices below $25,000.
The New York Red Bulls U-23 team's journey through the U.S. Open Cup is over.
USL Pro side Pittsburgh Riverhounds subdued the Baby Bulls in a dominant second half with a convincing 3-1 victory at Highmark Stadium.
Former New York Red Bull Jose Angulo was the difference maker, heading home a corner kick in the 68th minute for the game-winning goal. Rob Vincent added to their lead in the 81st off of a give-and-go with former Houston Dynamo standout Joseph Ngwenya to put the match out of reach.
The Riverhounds opened the scoring in the 10th minute as a series of headed attempts finally served the ball towards Kevin Kerr, who nodded home the go-ahead goal from short distance, beating Red Bull prospect Evan Louro.
Red Bull Sean Sheridan knotted the game up two minutes later with a clinical finish from the penalty spot. Riverhound defender Andrew Marshall was called for a questionable infraction in the box, giving New York a lifeline.
The Red Bulls maintained pressure throughout the half, but ran out of ideas in the second as the Riverhounds put the game away.
Pittsburgh advance to the third round, where they will host the winner of Premier Development League side Michigan Bucks and NSL club RWB Adria on May 28th.
A bill was recently introduced in the House of Representatives which seeks to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue commemorative coins to mark the centennial of the Panama-Pacific International Exposition and the Panama Canal. Several details of program would differ from those included in a similarly themed commemorative coin program proposed under two bills introduced in the last Congress.
The new proposal would include a total of five different coins, compared to four coins included in the previous proposal. All five of the proposed coins would feature designs which are close likenesses of the five commemorative coins issued in 1915 for the opening of the Panama Pacific Exposition, compared to only three of the original designs being being re-used. Lastly, the new proposal calls for the half dollar denomination to be minted in 99.9% fine silver, with an optional clad version released for circulation. Under the previous proposal, the half dollar would have only been produced in clad composition, with no option for a circulation release.
The first of the newly proposed coins would be two $5 face value gold coins carrying the designs of the octagonal and round 1915 Panama Pacific $50 Gold Coins. The obverse design features the head of the goddess Minerva wearing a Corinthian style helmet, while the reverse features an owl perched on a pine bough with four pine cones and sprigs of pine needles. The obverse and reverse designs for the octagonal version include dolphins placed at each of the vertices. In stark contrast to the original $50 gold coins which had a hefty weight of 83.55 grams and large diameter of 2 inches, the new $5 gold coins would have a weight of 4.18 grams and diameter of 0.7087 inches.
The next proposed coin would would be a $2.50 gold piece, or quarter eagle, featuring likenesses of the obverse and reverse designs for the original 1915 Pan-Pac $2.50 Gold Piece. The obverse design features the goddess Olympia holding a caduceus and riding on the mythological hippocampus, which has the head of a horse and the tail of a dragon. The reverse features an eagle perched on a plaque carrying the inscription “E Pluribus Unum”. The coins would have a weight of 4.18 grams and diameter of 0.7087 inches, matching those of the original issue.
A final proposed gold coin would have a face value of $1 and carry the same design as the original 1915 Panama Pacific Gold Dollar. The obverse features a Panama Canal laborer wearing a cap, while the reverse features a depiction of two dolphins encircling the denomination. Specifications for the new coin would match those of the original, with a weight of 1.67 grams and diameter of 0.5906 inches. All gold coins for the new program would be struck in 90% gold and 10% copper.
The last coin included in the program would be a half dollar struck in .999 fine silver with a weight of 12.5 grams and diameter of 1.2047 inches. The design would be a close likeness to the half dollar issued in 1915 featuring the full figure of Columbia scattering flowers from a cornucopia held by a cherub towards a sunset on the Golden Gate. The reverse design features an eagle perched on the union shield with an oak branch an olive branch to each side.
Circulating clad composition half dollars featuring the same design may also be issued at the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury. These would be issued along with half dollars bearing the standard design and may not account for more than half of the overall number of half dollars issued for each year. The clad half dollars with the Panama Pacific design may be issued in 2017 and for no more than five consecutive years.
Besides the clad version of the half dollar, the other coins of the program may be issued only during the one year period beginning on January 1, 2017.
Maximum mintage levels specified under the legislation are 75,000 round $5 gold coins, 75,000 octagonal $5 gold coins, 50,000 $2.50 gold coins, 50,000 $1 gold coins, and 250,000 silver half dollars.
Surcharges of $35 per $5 gold coin, $20 per $2.50 gold coin, $15 per $1 gold coin, and $10 per silver half dollar would be added to the purchase price of each coin. These surcharges would be distributed to to the San Francisco Museum and Historical Society for the design and construction of appropriate exhibitions in the San Francisco Museum and Historical Society, including the necessary adaptive reuse of the Old Mint, commemorating the Panama-Pacific International Exposition, as well as the development of appropriate exhibitions at the Palace of Fine Arts on the grounds of the former Panama-Pacific International Exposition.
The bill H.R. 2760: Panama Canal and Pan-Pacific Exhibition Centennial Celebration Act was introduced on July 19, 2013 by Rep. Nancy Pelosi and currently has 12 cosponsors. The bill has been referred to the House Committee on Financial Services. In order to become law, it must be passed by the Congress and signed by the President.
GUIHULNGAN CITY—Four-year-old Althea Fhem Barbon was extra playful and sweet to her grandparents in the afternoon of Aug. 31. She asked P20 from Lorenzo Barbon, 58, and his wife, Marilyn, 58, so she could buy popcorn in a trip to this city's Freedom Park.
Before she and her father, Pim Alrick Barbon, 31, went to the park, she hugged her grandparents tightly.
Little did Lorenzo and Marilyn know that it would be the last embrace they would get from Althea, a kindergarten pupil at Gucce Learning Center here.
Althea and Alrick died after they were shot by policemen on Larena Street in Barangay Poblacion, a few meters away from their house. Alrick, police said, was fifth on the list of drug suspects in this city in Negros Oriental province.
Althea's death came a few days after 5-year-old Danica Mae Garcia, a resident of Dagupan City in Pangasinan province, died from a bullet intended for her grandfather.
In Danica's case, an unidentified man barged into the eatery of her grandmother, Gemma, in front of their house on Aug. 23 and opened fire on her grandfather, Maximo, who was hit in the stomach. A stray bullet struck Danica in the head.
The Barbon family is demanding justice for the deaths of Alrick and Althea.
Supt. D'Artagnan Denila Katalbas Jr., Guihulngan police chief, said they never intended to shoot Althea.
“We regret a lot that [a child was killed] when she was not the target,” he said. “Had we seen the child, we would not have pushed through with the operation. We would have cancelled it. We, policemen, are humans; we are not animals,” he added.
Katalbas said it was on the night of Aug. 31 when Alrick and his daughter, on board a motorcycle, went to Larena Street to meet with two undercover policemen who purportedly wanted to buy P500 worth of “shabu” (methamphetamine hydrochloride).
Since it was dark, Katalbas said the policemen did not notice that Alrick brought along his daughter.
Katalbas said Alrick, when he noticed that he was dealing with lawmen, drew a gun and tried to flee, prompting policemen to shoot him.
Katalbas described Alrick as “dangerous,” noting that he once promised to give the police a fight should they arrest him.
Police reports said a .38 cal. revolver and five sachets of suspected shabu were recovered from the suspect.
But Marilyn did not believe her son would use his daughter as a “human shield.”
“A father would do everything to protect his child. The police were talking nonsense,” she said in Cebuano.
Lorenzo said if Alrick intended to use Althea as a shield, the father and daughter would not have been shot in the back.
Initial reports gathered by the Commission on Human Rights (CHR) in Negros Oriental showed Althea was seated in front of her father.
A bullet that hit Alrick in the back pierced through his chest before hitting the spinal column of his daughter.
Alrick died instantly while Althea was taken to a hospital in the capital city of Dumaguete where she died two days later.
Katalbas said three of Alrick's younger brothers—Narc David, Dan Lowen and Aris—are detained at the Bureau of Jail Management and Penology facility in Guihulngan for drug-related and illegal gun possession charges.
The Barbon family did not deny that their son, a carpenter, was engaged in selling illegal drugs but said this did not justify his killing, including his daughter.
The girl's mother, Rowena Lorica, 27, who works in Cebu, said she last saw her daughter on April 19 when she celebrated her fourth birthday.
“It is painful. I still have not accepted what happened to her,” she said.
“You would enjoy her company because she smiled all the time. People here were fond of her,” she added.
Alrick and Althea were buried at the Catholic cemetery here on Sunday afternoon.
“We want that Althea be given justice because she had nothing to do with her father's sin, if there was any. She was innocent,” Marilyn said.
“We have faith that justice will be given to Althea and we are not going to stop until we get justice,” said Lorica.
Katalbas said the police would not intervene in the investigation conducted by the CHR, noting his office had given the agency all documents related to the case, including the autopsy report.
“We have nothing to hide,” he said.
Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000.
Southern California startup, ZUUL Labs, aims to contribute to dog rescue awareness and education through its dog-inspired mobile game, Tall Tails, launching on Kickstarter.
Tall Tails Is Now Live On Kickstarter
Contact
ZUUL Labs
***@zuullabs.com
562-810-1554 ZUUL Labs562-810-1554
End
-- ZUUL Labs of Huntington Beach, CA, is releasing its rescue dog-inspired mobile game,on Kickstarter.is an exciting puzzle adventure that takes players into retro, storybook worlds where they must complete special objectives while getting to interact with, and customize, their rescue dog characters.Post-Kickstarter, the game's primary goal is to donate a percentage of its profits to dog rescue charities; and to become a well-known force for positive social action. Founder/CEO of ZUUL Labs, Marty Cox, previous Founder of It's a Grind Coffee Houses, and his wife, Louise Montgomery, have been heavily involved in dog rescue for many years, and wanted to incorporate their passionate cause into a new endeavor, mobile gaming. The gamesubtly promotes responsible pet ownership through its creative storytelling and animation.Kickstarter is a new-age ecosystem where backers join creators to bring new projects into development. Family, friends and inspired strangers have pledged over $1 billion to over 60,000 projects to date, funding everything from homemade items, to celebrity-backed movies. Thecampaign will run for 30 days starting on May 19, 2014, with a goal of raising $150,000.Well-known names have dominated the mobile game marketplace with popularity across all target demographics, thus becoming highly profitable. ZUUL Labs is attempting to create the next big mobile game,to be wildly entertaining while at the same time giving to charity, and bringing awareness to the cause behind its inspiration.Support the Kickstarter campaign here: https://www.kickstarter.com/ projects/1348130725/ tall-tail... ZUUL Labs is an upstart, independent gaming company that is dedicated to quality, innovation and creativity; taking an integrated approach to game development to deliver next-level entertainment in mobile games. With a mission that extends beyond the creation of engaging games that bring people together, ZUUL Labs wants to also be a force for positive social action, focusing its efforts on helping animal rescue and other animal related causes.
As the parents of James Holmes, we have spent every moment for more than two years thinking about those who were injured, and the families and friends of the deceased who were killed, in the theater shooting in Aurora. We are always praying for everyone in Aurora. We wish that July 20, 2012, never happened.
Our son pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity to the charges associated with these shootings. Defense attorneys for our son first stated in open court in May 2013 that James was diagnosed in Colorado with a serious mental illness. Prior to July 20, 2012, he never harmed anyone and he had no criminal history.
We understand that if our son is found not guilty by reason of insanity, he could go to an institution that provides treatment for the mentally ill for the remainder of his life. This result would prevent any future harm to him and others.
We realize treatment in an institution would be best for our son. We love our son, we have always loved him, and we do not want him to be executed. We also decry the need for a trial. A lengthy trial requires everyone to relive those horrible moments in time, causing additional trauma.
In the criminal justice system, the prosecution and defense can agree to a sentence of life in prison, without parole, in exchange for a guilty plea. If that happened, our son would be in prison the rest of his life, but no one would have to relive those horrible events at a trial the media has permission to televise.
We do not know how many victims of the theater shooting would like to see our son killed. But we are aware of people's sentiments. We have read postings on the Internet that have likened him to a monster. He is not a monster. He is a human being gripped by a severe mental illness.
We believe that the death penalty is morally wrong, especially when the condemned is mentally ill.
We are not alone in our sentiments. The Murder Victims' Families for Human Rights, an international organization of family members of murder victims and family members of the executed, and the National Alliance on Mental Illness formed the “Prevention, Not Execution Project,” aimed at ending the death penalty for people with severe mental illness.
Our family has not given interviews to the media because we do not want coverage of ourselves. We mourn the deaths and the serious injuries and emotional trauma of the others who were in the theater. The focus should be on the injured and their healing.
Robert and Arlene Holmes live in Rancho Penasquitos, Calif.
To send a letter to the editor about this article, submit online or check out our guidelines for how to submit by e-mail or mail.
33 cops fired 600 shots to stop Stockton bank robbers
This Thursday, July 17, 2014 booking photo provided by the Stockton Police Department shows Jaime Ramos, 19, who was booked on suspicion of homicide, kidnapping, robbery and attempted murder in a Stockton, Calif. bank robbery that led to a high speed chase. Two other suspects were killed and two of the hostages were wounded during the ensuing chase. The third hostage, who police believe was used as a human shield, was found dead in the SUV after the shootout.. (AP Photo/Stockton Police Department) less This Thursday, July 17, 2014 booking photo provided by the Stockton Police Department shows Jaime Ramos, 19, who was booked on suspicion of homicide, kidnapping, robbery and attempted murder in a Stockton, ... more Photo: Associated Press Photo: Associated Press Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close 33 cops fired 600 shots to stop Stockton bank robbers 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
Thirty-three Stockton police officers fired more than 600 shots last year at the getaway car used by three bank robbers, who took three women hostage and entered into a rolling gunbattle with cops that killed one of the hostages after she was struck by 10 police bullets, according to a report released Monday.
The review by the Police Foundation, titled “A Heist Gone Bad,” said officers made “a great many smart and courageous decisions.” But it said 600 shots were “excessive and unnecessary,” with some officers firing only because they saw their colleagues firing, and many officers shooting “after the threat had been eliminated.”
The 60-page report came as the husband of Misty Holt-Singh, the 41-year-old hostage killed by police gunfire, planned to file a civil lawsuit Tuesday against the city of Stockton, saying police used excessive force in their response.
The July 16, 2014, episode, in which two of the three suspects were killed by police after a botched robbery at a Bank of the West branch, was one of the most violent and chaotic clashes between cops and criminals in law enforcement history, authors of the report wrote.
The rampage that saw the suspects fleeing at over 100 mph in a hostage's Ford Explorer while recklessly spraying gunfire from an AK-47 assault rifle was complicated by a bankrupt city's cash-strapped police force staffed by many rookie officers with limited equipment and resources, the report found.
Jim Bueermann, the head of the Police Foundation and a retired police chief of Redlands (San Bernardino County), said the report was not intended to “criticize or blame the men and women of the Stockton Police Department,” but to “provide lessons learned that can then be applied in the field, increasing the safety of both law enforcement personnel and civilians.”
Among the findings was that after the suspects' vehicle was disabled, dozens of officers fanned out and many opened fire. “There were no dedicated shooters,” the report said. “There was very little control, just police officers trying to stop a threat.”
Two hostages had escaped, with one jumping from the moving vehicle and another being forced out after one of the suspects accidentally shot her. But in the end, Holt-Singh lay dead, with officers saying a surviving suspect, 20-year-old Jaime Ramos, probably used her as a human shield in the backseat of the sport utility vehicle.
In the front seat, Gilbert Renteria Jr., 30, and Alex Martinez, 27, both documented Norteño gang members from Stockton, were shot dead. Prosecutors have sought the death penalty for Ramos.
Paul Singh, Holt-Singh's husband, planned to announce a lawsuit against the city of Stockton on Tuesday after filing a legal claim, a precursor to a civil suit, earlier this year.
“The information discovered about the tragedy of that day only confirms that city of Stockton police officers violated numerous standard police protocols in their response,” the family's attorney, Gregory Bentley, said in a January statement.
The report noted that 100 veteran officers had left the department in the wake of the city's 2012 bankruptcy, leaving mostly officers with limited training on the force. What's more, the department, due to cutbacks, had no air support of its own to assist in the chase, the report stated.
“One of the frustrations we repeatedly heard during our interview with Stockton police officers was they were dealing with an event that they had never trained for, let alone truly considered,” Bueermann wrote.
The men fired more than 200 rounds, disabling 14 police vehicles during the hour-long pursuit that Bueermann described as a “law enforcement nightmare.”
Evan Sernoffsky is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: esernoffsky@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @EvanSernoffsky
If you are looking to spot the best video production company that will help you launch your brand with a powerful punch, all you need to do is explore the details of the firm beforehand. You should never make a mistake of choosing a company that will fail to make a perfect video because it can impact the kind of impression you are putting on your clients. Here is a guide on how to hire a good video production company.
Understand Your Niche
Video companies work with different types of businesses, from construction, industrial and other businesses. Thus, they have a lot of experience creating videos for their clients. So, before hiring a video company, you need to be sure that they know your niche. You cannot use a video that is not appropriate for your business. That is why it is important to make sure that they have the right knowledge to represent your business.
The Reviews
While it is becoming increasingly difficult to analyze the effectiveness of a company from the reviews, you should still go through the same. A lot of companies are choosing to promote their services and put false reviews, yet, if you look carefully and diligently, you should be able to spot the perfect review that is likely to guide you in picking the finest company which will do you a world of good.
Services Offered
When you want to choose a company that excels in video production, you should keep an eye on the plethora of services that it is offering. You must be willing to analyze the service list, the cost of the services and then weigh them so that you have an idea of whether or not the cost of the services is justified.
Their Portfolio
All video production company will have their portfolio because it is one of the ideal ways of showcasing the talent and skills that a company has. When you go through the portfolio, you will be able to measure the standard of work they do and the kind of profile they have. When a video is being made, one has to keep an eye on a lot of different points. There is no possibility of fiddling with the specifics because if the sub-segments in a video are not perfect, it is going to take away the sheen from the video. When samples are put in a portfolio, you will be able to have an idea of how effective the videos are likely to be and whether it is of the standard that you are seeking.
Methods and Equipment Used
There are lots of methods and techniques to capture videos. Thus, you need to be sure to look for production companies that have skilled experts who can help you. You also need to be sure that they make use of the right equipment and other tools to make your videos more appealing, from video cameras, microphones, and even software. With these tools, you are sure that you can have amazing videos that can make your business more successful.
Creative Ideas
Apart from knowing your business, you need to make sure that a video company can provide you with creative ideas. For instance, when making videos about your products or services, providers can present you with cool and unique ideas that can help focus on your products. Also, they also need to help you determine essential factors that can make the videos more engaging to your clients. With these ideas, you are sure that your business has a good and appealing video that can entice potential clients.
Experience
Make sure their experience is aligned with your project. Today there are a lot of video production companies in the communication business. Most companies target a specialty area they are comfortable with and build their experience in that niche. Never assume that just because a group is experienced in video production that they can automatically handle your project. For instance, some companies specialize in event videography.…
A statue of Iraqi King Faisal on Bahdad's Haifa Street outside the damaged Justice and Municipality buildings on October 28, 2009 following a suicide bombing (AFP Photo/Ahmad al-Rubaye)
Baghdad (AFP) - A woman has been named as mayor of Baghdad for the first time, a government spokesman said Saturday, amid widespread corruption and rampant violence.
Zekra Alwach, a civil engineer and director general of the ministry of higher education, becomes the first female to be given such a post in the whole country, where international rights groups have condemned women's rights abuses.
As mayor -- the most important administrative position in the capital -- Alwach will deal directly with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and holds has the prerogatives of a cabinet minister.
She will begin work Sunday, according to a municipal source.
"Abadi sacked the (former) mayor Naim Aboub and named Dr Zekra Alwach to replace him," government spokesman Rafed Juburi said.
Aboub's removal was not designed as a punishment, although he was regularly accused on social media and by Baghdad residents as incompetent, the spokesman added.
He made headlines in March 2014 when he described his city, beset by brutal sectarian violence and rife with corruption, as "more beautiful than New York and Dubai".
"Aboub is a clown. Abadi should have sacked him from the start," said Yasser Saffar, a Baghdad baker. "All his statements were ridiculous."
Alwach's appointment is a breakthrough for gender equality in Iraq, where rights group say discrimination and violence against women is widespread.
According to a UN report last year, at least a quarter of Iraqi women aged over 12 are illiterate and just 14 percent enter the world of work.
Baghdad is currently plagued by car bombings and sectarian killings, and militants from the Islamic State group have seized much of Anbar province to the west, menacing the capital.
Above: Bishop Sarhad Yawsip Jammo at a diaconal ordination. Below in descending order: [first photo] Bishop Jammo with parishioners at St. Mary's Church in Campbell; [second photo] Bishop Gerald Dino confers the sacraments of initiation on an infant; [third photo] Bishop John Kudrick leads youth in chanting a traditional Marian hymn at the March for Life 2015; [fourth photo] a Byzantine Catholic priest offers the Divine Liturgy. (Kaldu.org; Facebook.com/Eparchy-of-Phoenix; Peter Jesserer Smith; Facebook.com/Eparchy-of-Phoenix.)
Eastern Catholic Bishops Made ‘Light of the East' Burn Brighter in the US
Three just-retired Eastern-Catholic bishops worked tirelessly to evangelize with the spiritual treasures of the Chaldean and Byzantine traditions.
PETER JESSERER SMITH
SAN DIEGO — When St. John Paul II gave Bishop Sarhad Jammo the newly created Chaldean Catholic Diocese of St. Peter the Apostle, he laid a monumental task upon the new bishop: tend to the diaspora of Catholics from Iraq, and give the East's ancient faith of martyrs' deep roots in the spiritually thirsty soil of California and the western United States.
Bishop Jammo's 14 years of labors as the Chaldean diocese's first bishop came to an end when he reached the mandatory retirement age of 75. The May 7 bulletin announcing Pope Francis had accepted his retirement also contained the names of two other newly retired Eastern-Catholic bishops: Bishop Gerald Dino, the bishop of the Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Phoenix; and Bishop John Kudrick, the bishop of the Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Parma, Ohio.
All three bishops labored to fulfill St. John Paul II's wish that they plant the “Light of the East” in a Western society choked by materialism and hungering for a true taste of the divine mysteries of the Catholic faith.
Bishop Jammo was consecrated the first bishop of the St. Peter the Apostle Diocese, based in El Cajon, Calif., in July 2002. The diocese was created to accommodate the Western U.S.' growing population of Chaldean Catholics, who belong to the Church founded by St. Thomas the Apostle in present-day Iraq. Within five years, the diocese began receiving part of the massive influx of Chaldean-Catholic refugees escaping the sectarian violence of Iraq's civil war.
“He's rather a hero of mine,” said Father Andrew Younan, director of the Chaldean Media Center, who told the Register he worked closely with the bishop over the years.
Father Younan explained that, within 14 years, Bishop Jammo established several new parishes, a seminary, a convent for Chaldean nuns and a monastery for celibate monks. The diocese also established a robust online presence, the Chaldean Media Center, and Kaldu Television, which livestreams the Divine Liturgy and prayers.
“He's also the central figure in the reform of the Chaldean liturgy,” Father Younan said. Bishop Jammo also translated the Chaldean Church's liturgy and prayers into English, equipping it to hand on its ancient patrimony of liturgy, prayer and spirituality to future generations of Chaldean Catholics, including to men and women wandering amid an American materialist culture looking for real spiritual intimacy with Jesus Christ.
He added that Bishop Jammo instilled in the diocese a deep appreciation of their Church's spiritual heritage and history, which goes back to the apostles Thomas and Jude Thaddeus and was never the official religion of any state.
“We have a Church that is full of the blood of martyrs who gave their lives throughout all history,” he said. “He wants us to understand that, appreciate it and be who were are.”
‘We Have the Faith of Martyrs'
Joyce Coronel, a Catholic journalist working for The Catholic Sun, the newspaper of the Diocese of Phoenix, wrote her novel A Martyr's Crown based on her two years of interviews with Chaldean Catholics in the Southwest. She told the Register that her experience of Chaldean-Catholic spirituality — thanks to their witness and the new English translations of their ancient hymns, the Liturgy of the Hours and prayers spoken by its martyrs — deeply enriches her own faith. The Chaldean Holy Mass, also known as the Divine Mysteries, radiates the “beauty of the East,” she added.
“I had not really suffered for my faith — these people have suffered,” said Coronel, who belongs to the Latin Church. “They've made me a better Catholic.”
She recalled one conversation she had with Bishop Jammo, where she told him about all the help that Catholics in the Diocese of Phoenix could provide his diocese, when he smiled and stopped her for a moment.
“He said, ‘That's all good, but you need our help, too. We have the faith of martyrs, and we have an ancient heritage that we would love to share with you,'” Coronel recounted.
During Bishop Jammo's tenure, many families from the Assyrian Church of the East led by Bishop Bawai Soro (now the diocese's vicar general) entered into communion with the Chaldean Catholic Church, and they merged with their parishes.
Toward the end of his time as bishop, he had tried — with mixed results — to keep in his diocese some priests who had been alleged to have emigrated from Iraq without proper authorization from the Chaldean patriarch. However, Patriarch Louis Raphael Sako wrote an open letter to the diocese May 10 expressing his “gratitude” for Bishop Jammo's service, his many accomplishments, and hoped that he would continue his scholarly work. He asked that the diocese and the mother church “put the past behind” in the spirit of the Year of Mercy and “open new page” in their relationship.
Mark Arabo, a prominent Chaldean businessman in the San Diego area, who worked with the bishop in supporting the victims of ISIS, said Bishop Jammo is “a monumental figure within our church and community.” Arabo noted that the bishop led the diocese “through both challenge and triumph,” and his efforts “will remain visible for generations to come.”
“He leaves footprints that his successors will only hope to fill,” Arabo said.
Byzantine Mysticism in the Southwest
Eastern Catholic Churches in the U.S. account for 1% of the overall Catholic population, but they are evangelizing the country with the treasures of their spiritual patrimony. Although small in size, the Byzantine Church has been in a process of following the decree of the Second Vatican Council to restore its Eastern traditions (after centuries of pressure to adopt Latin-rite customs) and to take its place as evangelizers co-equal in status and dignity with the Latin Church headed by the Bishop of Rome.
The Byzantine Church in the U.S.' two newly retired bishops, Bishops Dino and Kudrick, advanced the Church's mission during their time of service, by strengthening Byzantine-Catholic spirituality and identity in parishes and among youth and by bringing people into the Church who are drawn to encounter Jesus Christ through the Byzantine tradition.
Bishop Dino's Eparchy of Phoenix stretches along the West Coast, from Alaska all the way down to Arizona, and the bishop has constantly traveled to the Byzantine-Catholic communities in between. But while small in total population, a number of communities show how the Byzantine tradition is no longer constrained by ethnic boundaries, but has planted its life firmly in the American context and is accessible to all.
“As a result, people of various ethnic backgrounds have migrated to us, who are interested in Byzantine liturgy, theology and spirituality,” Bishop Dino told the Register. For example, the rector of the cathedral is Hispanic, and so are several deacons and priests of the eparchy, but what makes them all one is their shared Byzantine identity.
In an effort to make the Byzantine tradition more widely known, the eparchy's website now hosts a virtual “Byzantine 101” library and offers online faith formation.
“A lot of people have questions about the Byzantine-Catholic traditions,” he said, adding what draws them in: iconography “and the presence of God and the saints in these icons.”
Byzantine Tradition in the Midwest
Unlike Bishop Dino, who had reached the mandatory retirement age of 75, Bishop Kudrick was 68 when Pope Francis accepted his resignation. Bishop Kudrick had led the Parma Eparchy, which stretches over 12 Midwest states, with 30 church communities and 8,000 faithful, since 2002.
During this time, Bishop Kudrick, a Third Order Franciscan, worked to plant the Eastern tradition of monasticism in the U.S. He succeeded in establishing a growing community of Byzantine Catholic nuns at Christ the Bridegroom Monastery in Burton, Ohio, but his dream of establishing a Byzantine monastery for men had not been achieved by his retirement. The Byzantine Church has both married priests — ordained married men who remain celibate upon the death of their spouse — and celibate priests. The celibate priests in the U.S. typically live in parish rectories, but in the Eastern tradition, celibate priests are ideally meant to live a monastic life, and a bishop is chosen from the ranks of the monks.
“We're very grateful for Bishop John's retirement, but we know it will not stop him from a new phase of episcopal ministry, and it will not stop the great work he has done for the Eparchy of Parma,” Father Andrew Summerson, communications director for the Eparchy of Parma, told the Register. “He created a terrific culture of prayer and service throughout the eparchy, and a great number of initiatives he has begun will survive him.”
Bishop Kudrick, during his travels, promoted the Byzantine tradition of morning and evening prayer in parishes. The bishop could be seen with eparchy youth at the March for Life chanting the beautiful Akathist hymn, a traditional Byzantine prayer honoring the Blessed Mother. He also encouraged the formation of Byzantine Catholic youth with the ByzanTeen boys' camp and girls' camp.
“We call them ascetical camps for young men and women, but, basically, it's an attempt to model the fullness of the Church: the prayers, the fasts and learning how to be men and women of faith,” Father Summerson said. “Bishop John certainly cared about young people, and in trying to model the fullness of the Church in your young people, you're really raising up the kind of Byzantine-Catholic Church you want to see.”
Father Thomas Loya, host of Light of the East Radio and pastor of Annunciation Byzantine Catholic Church in Homer Glen, Ill., told the Register that Bishop Kudrick's successor will have to confront the evangelical challenges facing the eparchy due to demographic shifts: The families are smaller, and new generations of Byzantine Catholics have moved from the industrial cities, such as Cleveland, to metropolitan areas fueled by the new economy of communications and service industries, such as Omaha, Neb., and Columbus, Ohio.
“We have populations there that are calling to us,” he said, saying it will require a “creative response” to address these new realities, so that they can continue to expand and spread the Gospel.
“We're at the point where we have to enter major renewal,” he said.
The Light of the East
Father Loya explained that what the Eastern Churches bring to the Church's evangelization in the U.S. is a profound awareness of the mystical nature of the Christian faith, and they can feed a spiritual hunger felt in a climate that has become both materialistic and looking for the “mystical” in all the wrong places. The very people who need to experience the mysticism of Eastern Christianity are instead searching for an empty Eastern mysticism in California, he explained. He said that St. John Paul II, in his 1995 apostolic letter Orientale Lumen (Light of the East), made clear that Latin Catholics need to become familiar with the Eastern Churches and avail themselves of their spiritual riches.
“Eastern-Christian spirituality is the round peg that will fit in the round hole in the soul of Western civilization,” he said, quoting G.K. Chesterton's insight that “mysticism is what keeps men sane.”
“Let's face it, in modern Western culture, we have a lot of insanity,” the priest said. Western Christianity is more “cerebral” in its approach, Father Loya said, while the East is much more experiential. And while the West has a mystical tradition that engages the five senses in its liturgical life, “The East does it to a further degree,” with mysticism permeating its liturgy, art, architecture and teaching.
“Mysticism is living in the both-and: something revealed and something hidden at the same time,” he said. It helps teach people that God is both “righteous judge” and “lover of mankind” — transcendent from creation, but intimate with human beings — when the Western mindset would rather put those concepts in opposition to each other.
But Father Loya said today's challenges of evangelization in the West just show how much the West and the East need each other's gifts, working together as the “two lungs of the Church.”
He said, “The East needs the gifts of the West, but the West also needs the gifts of the East.”
Peter Jesserer Smith is a Register staff reporter.
As we reported last month, 16 and Pregnant star Lindsey Harrison Nicholson has been having complications with her current pregnancy, and those complications have now resulted in her being hospitalized until her twins arrive.
Lindsey shared an update on Instagram, along with a photo of her arm with an IV inserted:
Baby update: As of this morning I'm now 4cm dilated & 95% effaced with Jackson's water bag hanging out of my cervix. Ive been admitted into the hospital for the remainder of my pregnancy. Praying this constant bedrest will help keep these two twinnies in for a few more weeks❤️ I hate to ask for prayers on such a day but any and all prayers/positive vibes are very much appreciated as I'm only 26 weeks pregnant.
After her Instagram update, Lindsey took to Twitter (from her hospital bed!) to provide more updates:
if I have my babies soon nicu said I probably won't be able to actually breastfeed until they are 33 weeks?? thankfully I can pump for them. After my doc app I called my mom and she got in her car and is driving 19 hours to be with us in Texas. If that's not love IDK what is. With Jackson's water bag bulging I'm terrified to even use the bathroom ? they say it's okay but feel so bad adding any extra pressure. I just realized I haven't gained a single pound in 3 weeks. I've never eaten so much in my life either. How in the world is that possible? ? Baby update as of now is they are still in my belly. Just praying Jacksons water sac doesn't rupture as then we have no choice but to deliver because we do know they are coming early, we don't want them or I to get any infection by waiting to get them out if it does rupture. Babies are way too little to handle getting any sort of infection. So main goal is trying to get his sac to go back inside. Which all we can do for that is stay in bed as much as possible so there is zero pressure pushing the sac out. As long as both babies stay head down as they are now I'll be delivering naturally. Also since I'm having twins there is nothing we can [do] to prevent labor. Hope I answered everyone's questions ❤️
Hang in there Lindsey! And stay in there Jackson James and Paisley Lee!
UPDATE – Lindsey added a couple tweets after the post was published. “Wait…. what if you deliver him and her bag doesn't break will they let her stay in?” a follower asked.” Lindsey responded by writing: “No I wish. That's how most moms die from child birth. Way too high of a chance of infection that way. She would have to come out right after.”
“That sucks!” the follower replied. “I wasn't sure how that would even work.”
“Yeah so once he's out I'll just start pushing to get her out,” Lindsey explained.
In photography, exposure is a critical element that determines what is actually recorded on a camera's image sensor.
There are three adjustable elements that control the exposure - ISO, Aperture, and Shutter Speed.
1 The Exposure Triangle ISO Speed is how sensitive your camera's sensor is to light, each value of the rating represents a “stop” of light, and each incremental ISO number (up or down) represents a doubling or halving of the sensor's sensitivity to light. Aperture controls the lens' diaphragm, which controls the amount of light traveling through the lens to the film plane. The aperture setting is indicated by the f-number, whereas each f-number represents a “stop” of light. Shutter Speed indicates the speed in which the curtain opens then closes. This is essentially how long light is permitted to hit your camera's sensor once you hit the shutter-release button. Each shutter speed value also represents a “stop” of light. The shutter speed is measured in fractions of a second. When these three elements are combined, they represent a given exposure value (EV) for a given setting. Any change in any one of the three elements will have a measurable and specific impact on how the remaining two elements react to expose the film frame or image sensor and how the image ultimately looks. For example, if you increase the f-stop, you decrease the size of the lens' diaphragm thus reducing the amount of light hitting the image sensor, but also increasing the DOF (depth of field) in the final image. Reducing the shutter speed affects how motion is captured, in that this can cause the background or subject to become blurry. However, reducing shutter speed (keeping the shutter open longer) also increases the amount of light hitting the image sensor, so everything is brighter. Increasing the ISO, allows for shooting in lower light situations, but you increase the amount of digital noise inherent in the photo. It is impossible to make an independent change in one of the elements and not obtain an opposite effect in how the other elements affect the image, and ultimately change the EV.
I ISO Speed ISO is actually an acronym, which stands for International Standards Organization, which is the organization that standardizes sensitivity ratings for camera sensors. The ISO rating, which ranges in value from 25 to 3200 (or beyond), indicates the specific light sensitivity. The lower the ISO rating, the less sensitive the image sensor is and therefore the smoother the image, because there is less digital noise in the image. The higher the ISO rating (more sensitive) the stronger the image sensor has to work to establish an effective image, which thereby produces more digital noise (those multi-colored speckles in the shadows and in the midtones). So what is digital noise? It is any light signal that does not originate from the subject, and therefore creates random color in an image. The digital camera engineers have designed the image sensor to perform best at the lowest ISO (just like with film). On most digital cameras this is ISO 100, although some high end DSLRs have a mode that brings the ISO down to 50 or even 25.
A Aperture A lens's aperture is the opening in the diaphragm that determines the amount of focused light passing through the lens. At a small f-stop, say f/2, a tremendous amount of light passes through, even at a fraction of a second; but at f/22, when the diaphragm is perhaps at its smallest, only a tiny amount of light is let in (even at longer shutter speeds). An interesting thing about the aperture and the f-numbers is that it doesn't matter the focal length of the lens as long as the f-number is held constant. This is because the arithmetical equation that determines the f-number indicates that the same amount of light passes through the lens on a 35mm lens as on a 100mm lens, with a shutter speed of 1/125s. The size of the diaphragm is unquestionably different, but the amount of light passing through is the same.
S Shutter Speed is measured in fractions of a second, and indicates how fast the curtains at the film plane open and close. The shutter speed controls how long light enters the lens and hits the image sensor or film plane. The shutter speed enables you to capture the world in split seconds, but it can also absorb the world at speeds upwards of three and four seconds (or remain continually open up until the photographer wants to close the curtain). Snapping the shutter in a fraction of a second, also gives you control on how motion is recorded. If the shutter speed is faster than the object or background, then the image will be tack sharp. If the shutter speed is slower, then you'll get blurred objects. Think about the rain in a rainstorm, how fast is that water falling? Well, at 1/30th the raindrops are streaks of indistinguishable white. But at 1/250th, the raindrops hover in mid air and you can see the full swell of each water drop.
2 What is “Auto Bracketing”? Auto Bracketing is an exposure technique whereby you can ensure that you have the optimal exposure by taking at least three (3) exposures of the exact same composition with one at the metered EV, one at 1/3 of a stop below the metered EV and one at 1/3 of a stop above the metered EV. So, “Auto Bracketing” is a function in which you set the EV value then release the shutter and the camera automatically makes the necessary up and down adjustments to the EV to give you the bracketed exposures. Then you can review the three (or more) exposures, see the subtle but critical differences in the images, and decide which one is the best image for your purposes. In the three images in the above example, you might prefer the overexposed (by 2 stops) image because the setting sun is most brilliant. Bracketing was a technique that was popularized from shooting slide film, due to the limited ability to correct the image in the darkroom. Many photographers still use the technique today, so they have the exposure that they want. Having the three bracketed images lowers the amount of post-processing time that they might have to spend.
3 Overexposure & Underexposure How do you define overexposure and underexposure, since we said that “correct” exposure is subjective? Simply put, overexposure is when the information in the highlights is effectively unreadable. When there is this type of excessive loss of image information there is no way to “retrieve” that missing information in the digital darkroom. Underexposure is pretty much the same concept; except in this case there is no image information contained within the shadows. This non-existent information cannot be retrieved through post processing either. In digital photography, once that image information is gone, there's no way to retrieve it. This is not always the case in the photochemical world of film photography. With film (as opposed to digital) processing, it is possible to “find” image information in an excessively underexposed frame, and perhaps “find” image information during the printing process for seriously overexposed images as well.
4 AE LOCK (AEL) Auto Exposure Lock is a camera setting in which the exposure value is locked in (when you're shooting one of the semi-automatic or fully automatic modes, i.e. Shutter-priority). In this mode, no matter what changes there are to the lighting in the scene, the camera locks in the ISO, Shutter, and Aperture settings, so you can continually achieve the same EV without having to re-meter the scene.
Mumbai: As e-commerce players battled for consumer attention during the festive period, Amazon India saw maximum visitors on its web and mobile sites in October at over 20 crore visitors, as per the recent data from Internet analytics firm comScore.
In comparison, rival Flipkart saw 16.4 crore visitors to its web and mobile sites combined, while Snapdeal saw 10.9 crore visitors in October.
An annual comparison shows that Amazon has also seen the most rapid growth in one year between November 2014 to October 2015. Amazon India saw a wide arc in its growth from 8.5 crore visitors last year to over 20 crore this year.
Flipkart, which was leading the pack last year with 14 crore visitors in October 2014, stood at about 16.3 crore visitors in October 2015, the data shows. Snapdeal saw a marginal growth from about 9 crore visitors, to about 11 crore visitors in the one year period.
Interestingly, even as more than 70% of sales for Amazon reportedly take place through the mobile application, the company saw more than 30 million unique monthly visitors on the desktop site in October. This is higher than other comparable e-commerce players, including Flipkart which saw 26.9 million unique desktop visitors, comScore numbers revealed.
The data corroborates Amazon's sales numbers that show its India business has quadrupled in the last year. The number of sellers on the platform have also grown by over 250%, the company had reported last month.
Amazon India, which now has over 21 fulfillment centres in the country, has tripled its capacity in the last year alone with a cumulative storage capacity of five million cubic feet.
Last year, the online retail giant had announced an investment of $2 billion to expand its operations in India and is committed to pump further investments in the country, which is a key market.
Amazon, which competes with Flipkart and Snapdeal among others in India, operates under a marketplace model here as regulations in the country do not allow foreign capital in business-to-consumer (B2C) e-commerce.
According to a recent report by Boston Consulting Group, the e-commerce industry in India is expected to touch $60-70 billion by 2019 from $17 billion in 2014.
The latest from LegalizeFerrets.org View this email in your browser Vol 10 No 51 - December 20th, 2015
Joe Ferret You're not a member of the 3000 Club. Why Not Join Now? - pls go to http://www.legalizeferrets.org/3000-club-members/ It's All Up to Assemblyman Marc Levine We have reached out to Assemblyman Marc Levine, chairman of the Assembly's Water, Parks and Wildlife Committee and asked for a meeting on February 5th in his San Rafael office. Our deadline to collect signatures and deliver them is February 9th.
We would like to deliver the ballot initiative petitions if we don't have enough to send to Secretary of State's office (and it appears we are falling short).
It would be nice to have enough signatures to get the assemblyman's attention and have him give us a legislative hearing. We are still collecting signatures. You can download the signatures here.
Please write Assemblyman Levine and ask him to give ferret owners in California a Legislative Hearing. Click here for more details.
We have a Change.org Petition going as well. Please sign and share!
We're Really Close to New Year's - Do You Have Your Calendar? Only $11.11 in the USA - full information here.
This guest post was written by Linda Kaplan Thaler and Robin Koval, authors of THE POWER OF SMALL .
In today's deadline driven, digital world, taking the time to ‘shoot the breeze' with a coworker, neighbor, or passing stranger can seem like a waste of time. But, in reality, nothing could be further from the truth. Whether you're a Washington politician or a barista at a local coffee shop, every one of us has the unique ability to inspire change in our lives and in the lives of others around us. And small talk is the key.
When we were writing our book, THE POWER OF SMALL: Why Little Things Make All the Difference , we discovered a truly amazing story that brought our attention to the unexpected ways in which ‘small talk' can change and save lives. In this case, it all started with a cup of coffee and a simple conversation.
The Story of Annamarie and Sandie
Every morning, when Annamarie Ausnes would head to her local Starbucks to pick up her usual coffee, she looked forward to making a bit of small talk with the barista, Sandie Anderson, but she never imagined that those little conversations would one day save her life.
Over time, what had begun as a casual, “How's your morning?” or “Nice weather, huh?” eventually grew into more personal exchanges about their grandkids, weekend plans, and holiday traditions, until one day Sandie noticed something wasn't quite right with her “short-drip double-cupped” customer. And instead of ignoring it, she decided to trust her instincts and asked one simple question: “Are you okay?”
At first, Annamarie was reluctant to confide in her barista buddy, but with a little prodding, she opened up.
“Actually, I'm not doing so well,” she sighed. “I was just placed on the national kidney transplant list and I'm getting ready to go on dialysis.”
To her shock, Sandie would discover that her friendly customer faced a bleak future. Distraught and determined to help, Sandie announced that she would get tested to see if she could become a donor.
As luck would have it, Sandie turned out to be a match and donated a kidney to Annamarie. Today Annamarie is not only alive and well, the two women are dear friends. And it all started with a cup of coffee and a little small talk.
Of course, not all of us have the ability or courage to make the huge gesture Sandie made by donating her kidney to a virtual stranger, but by simply making small talk, we open ourselves up to new people, new experiences, and new opportunities. As children, we make friends easily. We ask for each other's names, we join in and play with one another. But as we grow older, we tend to close ourselves off, shield ourselves with technology, and forget to acknowledge the people who are right in front of us.
So put away the iPhone for a minute, look up from your laptop, and take the first step by saying hello to the stranger sitting next to you. You never know, they just might be the hero you've been hoping for.
In Their Own Words
Here's a short video clip of Annamarie and Sandie sharing their story in their own words:
Linda Kaplan Thaler and Robin Koval are co-authors of the national bestseller THE POWER OF SMALL: Why Little Things Make All the Difference , which debuted on the best seller lists of the Wall Street Journal, USA Today, and The Washington Post.
For years, Ann Minch of Red Bluff, Calif., has carried a balance of several thousand dollars on her Bank of America credit card, making minimum monthly payments of about $130, sometimes paying an extra $50 or $100. She says she's never missed a payment.
Bank of America rewarded her loyalty this year by repeatedly raising her interest rate, which reached 30 percent in July.
Fed up, the 46-year-old stepmother of two turned to YouTube.
"There comes a time when a person must be willing to sacrifice in order to take a stand for what's right," said Minch in a Sept. 8 webcam video. "Now, this is one of those times, and if I'm successful this will be the proverbial first shot fired in an American debtors' revolution against the usury and plunder perpetrated by the banking elite, the Federal Reserve and the federal government."
Minch announced that she'd be dumping Bank of America, refusing to pay off her credit card debt unless she was offered a lower rate. She explained that she'd been a reliable customer even though she'd lost her job as a mental health case manager. She said bank reps refused to negotiate her interest rate when she called them to complain a few weeks ago.
"You are evil, thieving bastards," she said in her video. "Stick that in your bailout pipe and smoke it."
The video made a splash online, getting links from all kinds of venues and garnering over 96,000 views as of Monday morning.
Minch told the Huffington Post she fulfilled part of her threat on Saturday, when she went to her local BofA branch and closed out her checking and savings accounts. She took her money (around $5,000, she said) and put in a local community bank. She brought printouts of web pages that had linked to her video, but a manager wasn't interested in looking at them.
"No, we're just going to let corporate handle it. In fact, I don't really even need to talk to you," she said she was told. Bank of America declined to comment when contacted by the Huffington Post.
Ed Mierzwinski, program director of the U.S. Public Interest Research Group, said credit card lenders had better be paying attention.
"Historically, powerful and arrogant corporations, often protected by lazy regulators, have ignored consumer complaints -- now social media tools are leveling the playing field for victimized consumers," Mierzwinski wrote in an email to the Huffington Post. "The old web 1.0 mybanksucks.com sites that no one found are being replaced with realtime viral outrage that will require big business to start treating consumers more fairly or pay the price."
The credit card industry made a villain of itself this year by benefiting from billions in taxpayer bailout dollars and then thanking taxpayers by raising interest rates and minimum monthly payments, even on their good customers.
Minch said she hadn't been paying much attention to her account -- she didn't even notice when her interest rate went from 12.99 percent to 25.49 percent in January -- but that the more she read about the $700 billion bank bailout, the angrier she got. Still, the decision to stage her one-woman revolt wasn't easy.
"When I finally made my decision about what I needed to do, it was scary," she said. "I knew I was probably going to ruin my credit."
Indeed. But Bank of America will be out $5,943.34. Minch shared some of her statements with the Huffington Post. Here's part of a screen grab of her credit card account:
Minch sent Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis a letter demanding that he watch her video and get in touch.
"If you would like to collect payment for this account, it will be necessary for you to view my video and then contact me with your response," she wrote. "The video will take less than 5 minutes of your time, which I know must be extremely valuable because of the gargantuan amount of money you are paid."
Minch said that regular folks will continue getting "bent over" by the government and the global financial industry unless consumers take a stand.
"Tea parties and letters to representatives hasn't done squat," she said. "We need to form a cyber revolution."
Here's Minch's video:
Located in Yerevan and London, Benivo (formally FlatClub) help companies provide relocation support for their junior employees. The company helps the employees to complete the entire relocation process: finding affordable accommodation, finance solutions, support with setting up a bank account, registering with a doctor and many other issues.
Google, Microsoft, Bloomberg, Vodafone, and Apple are among Benivo's clients. The company has 70 employees, and recently raised USD 10mln of venture capital funding, led by PBJ Capital, a US investment fund. Granatus Ventures, Millhouse (managing Roman Abramovich's investments), Altair are also among the company's investors.
Itel.am talked to the Founder and CEO of Benivo Nitzan Yudan.
- You are originally from Israel, living in London and having a business in Armenia. Why?
- I moved to London 7 years ago in order to do an MBA at London Business School. I have set up the company initially in London, but about two and a half years ago we took a decision to stop outsourcing and start forming an in-house team.
That was an important decision for us, but we realized that we can't do it in London, because there were not enough specialists. So we had to choose a new location, having four options: China, Israel, Ukraine and Armenia. We interviewed 20-30 people from each of these countries, and we found both talent and culture in Armenia.
We decided to take a chance, so we hired the first employee two years ago. In just a few weeks she was already better than all the employees we had from other countries. She knew better quality of code, and she also understood the business, so her solutions were more relevant.
Then we took the strategic decision to invest in Armenia.
Granatus Ventures invested in the company. Now we have more than 20 employees here, and we are going to have 40 at the end of the year.
- Which were the main mistakes that your startup was making at the early stages of development?
- I have done many mistakes, but I also believe that this is the only way to learn. We did a mistake by not going fast enough, not trying to be realistic. We did mistakes while trying to do many things at the same time, which is very hard. That is why we decided to close our consumer business, and now we only do B2B (Business to business) business.
2017 is a very important year for us. We are going to grow very aggressively. We are now live in 100 locations, and we are expecting to get to up to 150 locations by the end of this year.
- When I came here two years ago and looked for co-working space, there was almost nothing; there are plenty of places now. So that is very exciting. It shows that the ecosystem is growing. I think that more business angels, investing in early stage startups, will help to develop the ecosystem. This will help to have more companies, which can get venture capital money from funds like Granatus.When I moved to the UK, there were not many startups, though now there are many of them. UK government has created a tax incentive for people, investing in startups. So they can get up to seventy percent of their money back in tax incentives. This step contributed to the investment growth.- Marketing and sales are probably the most important aspects of this business, and developing just tech solutions is not enough. You might think that it is a very good solution, but if you do not get clients to pay for it, you have not proven that it is a good solution.It requires a lot of efforts in order to make it work, and it is important to understand that it is OK to fail. It is important to avoid investing too much from your own pocket, until you have something to sell in order to get the validation.Talk to the clients - that is the most important advice from me. You will need to bring another person, who will introduce the specifics of your business, or you may try to develop your own communication and marketing skills.It is also important to get used to hearing the word NO. You are going to hear that word a lot in this area, but you should also continue to sell your product to everyone. Entrepreneurship is a very tough journey; people talk a lot about success, but the base of this success is very touch work. It is an emotional and physical rollercoaster.The only thing that is important is the word YES. We talk about how many clients we have (50 corporate clients), but we don't talk on how many clients said NO to us.
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Ky. walks from his office on Capitol Hill in Washington, Monday, June 26, 2017. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Ky. walks from his office on Capitol Hill in Washington, Monday, June 26, 2017. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
ALAN FRAM, Associated Press - WASHINGTON (AP) -- Republican leaders added a penalty for people who've let their insurance lapse Monday as party leaders prepared to begin pushing the health care measure through the Senate, despite a rebellion within GOP ranks.
Under the new provision, people who've had at least a 63-day gap in coverage during the past year and then buy a policy would face a six-month delay before it takes effect. Until now, the measure that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., introduced last week included no language prodding healthy customers to purchase insurance.
The provision is aimed at helping insurance companies and the insurance market by discouraging healthy people from waiting to buy a policy until they get sick. Insurers need healthy customers who are inexpensive to cover to help pay the costs of people with medical conditions that are costly to treat.
The GOP bill would roll back much of President Barack Obama's health care overhaul. It pressures people to buy insurance by imposing a tax penalty on those who don't, but the Republican legislation would repeal that penalty, effectively erasing Obama's so-called individual mandate.
The House approved its version of the legislation in May. It would require insurers to boost premiums by 30 percent for those whose coverage lapsed.
McConnell is expected to offer other changes to his proposal as he seeks to nail down support for the package. He can win approval only if he limits Republican no votes to just two of the 52 GOP senators, since Democrats solidly oppose the bill. Debate should begin as early as Tuesday.
Five GOP senators — four conservatives and a moderate — have said they oppose the measure McConnell unveiled last week. Others from both ends of the party's spectrum have expressed concerns, complicating McConnell's task because edging the bill in one direction risks alienating GOP lawmakers from the other side.
None of the dissident senators have ruled out supporting the legislation if it is revised.
Earlier Monday, a conservative Republican senator used unusually harsh terms to accuse party leaders of trying to rush the party's health care bill through the Senate.
"They're trying to jam this thing through. It is far from a perfect bill," Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., told conservative talk radio host Hugh Hewitt. Johnson called leadership's effort "a little offensive" and said conservatives had no input into the package.
McConnell drafted the plan behind closed doors after numerous meetings among GOP senators.
Moderate Sen. Dean Heller, R-Nev., has also said he's against the proposal, and several others from both wings of the party have expressed qualms. Heller faces a competitive re-election race next year.
In an opinion column in Monday's New York Times, Johnson wrote that McConnell's initial draft "doesn't appear to come close" to the goal of making coverage more affordable. He criticized the measure for increasing federal spending on subsidies for people buying coverage and not eliminating enough of Obama's regulations on insurers, including protections for consumers with pre-existing medical conditions.
In another important dynamic, lawmakers were awaiting a key analysis from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office of the measure's price tag and the number of people who might lose coverage if it is enacted. The new report was expected as early as Monday.
The Senate legislation resembles a bill the House approved in May that the budget office said would result in 23 million additional Americans without coverage by 2026.
President Donald Trump continued his attacks on congressional Democrats on Twitter Monday, saying: "The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain. They own ObamaCare!"
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS, they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 26, 2017
Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said Sunday that seven to eight additional senators were troubled by provisions in the Senate bill, which she said could cut Medicaid for the poor even more than the House version.
Collins, who also opposes proposed cuts to Planned Parenthood, said she was awaiting the CBO analysis before taking a final position.
Addressing reporters Sunday, the Senate's No. 2 Republican said passing a health care bill won't get any easier if Republican leaders delay a Senate vote on the GOP health care plan. Sen. John Cornyn of Texas said there is "a sense of urgency" to push forward but acknowledged the outcome is "going to be close."
The legislation would phase out extra federal money that 31 states receive for expanding Medicaid to additional low-income earners. It would also slap annual spending caps on the overall Medicaid program, which since its inception in 1965 has provided states with unlimited money to cover eligible costs.
The other three GOP conservatives who say they're against the legislations are Sens. Rand Paul of Kentucky, Mike Lee of Utah and Ted Cruz of Texas. They say the bill doesn't go far enough if repealing Obama's 2010 statute.
Collins appeared on ABC's "This Week."
-- Associated Press writer Steve Peoples in Colorado Springs, Colorado, contributed to this report.
It's not every day that a Francophile vampire from Japan with an unhealthy obsession with roses decides to put on a concert in the United States…
Live at Beyond the Stars in Glendale, California on June 4, 2015.
…despite how cool that would be. Nevertheless, Kamijo putting on a concert in North America is a rare treat for fans, especially when considering all the events that have transpired since the last time the man himself came over to our side of the planet. Versailles' hiatus was the catalyst for Kamijo's solo career to be jumpstarted, with a plethora of singles, a concept EP, and a full-length album having been released since early 2013. Having announced a world tour to celebrate his 20th anniversary in the music industry, Americans were afforded two shows in two cities: Los Angeles (or Glendale) and New York. Being the diehard Kamijo fan that I am, as well as an unapologetic Japanese power metal enthusiast, I decided to make the trek towards Glendale from Houston, Texas. More accurately, I took a plane.
The tour was advertised as a celebration of all of Kamijo's projects, which consisted of Lareine, New Sodmy, Versailles, and his solo project, all of which fell under the umbrella of visual kei. For the uninitiated, visual kei is pretty much the darker, Japanese version of the fashions of glam metal. This heavy association with visual kei meant that the crowd waiting outside the Beyond the Stars Palace was a colorful mixture of visual kei costumes, cosplayers, metalheads, and people who would not look out of place in a bank. It was a melting pot of genders, races, ages, and styles, much more so than most metal concerts, with a vibrant atmosphere apparent several hours before the doors even opened. Despite this, the turnout seemed rather low. The venue was barely filled to half of its capacity (500 persons). And that's just the beginning of the issues that plagued the logistics of this show.
VIP's were supposed to be let in at 6pm for their photo opportunity and early access to the stage, and general admission doors would open an hour later. Unfortunately, this whole schedule was pushed back by an hour. In addition, the Kamijo street team were in place in lieu of most of the venue staff, and confusion was the norm for the attendees. Separate lines had formed for entry to the show, mobile ticket owners were turned away and asked to print their tickets at a nearby hotel, and VIP's were delayed access to the stage and were instead placed in holding areas, causing a mad dash to ensue once entry was opened up. After I had secured my spot in the front row, just slightly to the right of center stage, I can safely say the rest of the show went off almost perfectly and exceeded my wildest expectations.
After everyone was asked to refrain from taking photos or videos by a roadie, the lights dimmed, and “Vive le Roi” emanated from the PA system. Soon enough, the entire backing band and Kamijo had filed out onto the stage and the opening tracks from the Symphony of the Vampire EP were performed. To say the performance was stellar is an understatement. With the superb sound of Beyond the Stars, along with my own earplugs, each song sounded akin to its CD counterpart. Masashi, the bassist of Versailles and Jupiter, was also accompanying Kamijo tonight, and, contrary to typical metal concerts, his presence was felt and heard just as prominently as the pair of guitarists, Meku and Daishi.
The setlist was composed almost entirely of songs from Kamijo's solo releases and Versailles' catalog, with just a single song from Lareine thrown in. Nothing from New Sodmy. Admittedly, I'm not really a fan of anything prior to Versailles, so I couldn't have been happier with the setlist that was performed. Fan favorites, like “Aristocrat's Symphony” and “Masquerade”, were peppered in between newer Kamijo tracks, and ballads, such as “Romantique” and “Love will be born again”, were placed traditionally throughout the setlist to break up the speedy tracks. The main set was concluded with that latter song, as Kamijo performed the song onstage by himself without the backing band. It was here that the crowd calmed down, the whole place began singing along, and a dozen roses or more were handed to Kamijo from the fans. Apparently, some fans had ordered roses in anticipation of handing them over at the end of the set. After finishing the song, Kamijo disappeared to the back, and the chanting began. For what seemed like an eternity, Kamijo's name was echoed throughout the venue by the fans until all the band members came back out onto the stage for an encore.
After four further songs from Kamijo's solo releases, the band began their farewells. One of the guitarists leaned back onto the crowd, high fives were given out in mass numbers, drum sticks and picks were thrown to the crowd, and a final bow was taken. The entire band seemed legitimately thankful and appreciative of the crowd's energy, which had been feverishly high for the entire show. The small turnout was a footnote now; many dreams were fulfilled that night, and nowhere was this more apparent than the front row, with teary and lit-up faces being commonplace.
Suffice to say, the audience had not quietened down after Kamijo's departure. For the next several minutes, with baited breath, the entire building cheered and rallied for the hopes of one more song. A second encore had rarely been performed by Kamijo on this current tour, and the diehard fans knew this. Finally, after a relentless aural cacophony by the crowd, Kamijo and his band shuffled back onto the stage.
“This is a very, very, very special song.”
After asking us to keep quiet about this second encore for New York's sake, the symphonic intro to “Ascendead Master” began to play. Upon the realization that we had just been given a very rare treat, the crowd perked up one last time for this grand finale. The headbanging, singing along, and jumping of the audience commenced, and the song's speedy nature was a perfect way to end the night and wrap up Kamijo's retrospective concert (Kamijo later noted that this second encore was unplanned and was in direct response to the crowd's unexpectedly-high energy).
Following 18 tracks, two false finishes, two video montages on the projectors, and years of waiting for Kamijo to play in America, it was now time for the real farewell. Following some messing around with the crowd, the band took their bows, and everyone but Kamijo exited the stage. He got on one knee in preparation for his farewell salute, at which point a teddy bear was thrown onto the stage. Kamijo's final salutes were given with bear in hand, he disappeared into the blackness of the wing, and the attendees were visibly shaken, but in bliss. Needless to say, it was taking people some time to process just what they had witnessed. For many, this wasn't just a concert, but a culmination of years of anticipation. Many had followed Kamijo's careers for a decade or more, and they knew they had witnessed something meaningful.
Since the conclusion of that show, I've still been in a mild state of shock. I'm still astonished that I flew halfway across the country to see a Kamijo show, I'm still astonished by the crowd's enthusiasm, and I'm still astonished by the performance put forth by Kamijo and his band. I was worried I had built by hopes up too high in the months leading up to the show. What if this trip isn't worth it? What if I'm expecting too much? Now, some ten days or so following the concert, it's safe to say that that night was truly special for myself and everyone in attendance. I won't be forgetting that experience, I have no qualms for making the trip, and I implore all fans of Kamijo, visual kei, and Japanese metal to strive to see their favorite artists live. Who knows, you might make some new friends, and the artist might say “Bonjour!” to you.
I'm the one on the right.
Thanks to Kamijo and Julien Chantôme for the photographs.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
More
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
Story highlights LePage: "I am not confident we're going to have a clean election in Maine..."
Prominent Republicans have refuted claims of an illegitimate election.
(CNN) Maine Gov. Paul LePage claimed Tuesday that elections in his state and in the US as a whole couldn't be considered legitimate until voter ID laws are passed.
LePage, a prominent supporter of Donald Trump, was asked on Maine radio station WVOM about the Republican presidential nominee's recent claims that the election is being "rigged" against him. Trump has called the election "one big fix" and warned of "large scale voter fraud," though there is no evidence to support his claims.
Asked if he was confident that the election in Maine would be clean, LePage replied, "No. I am not confident we're going to have a clean election in Maine and I'll tell you why. The left, the Democratic party, insists on not having IDs. And will people from the cemetery be voting? Yes. All around the country. The media and the Democratic party want everybody to vote whether they're citizens or not."
LePage went on to say that states should provide photo IDs to residents and added that it wasn't "a big issue." He added that there are counties in the US where more votes are cast than there are citizens in the county.
"You gotta have photo IDs when you cash checks, you gotta have photo IDs every place you go," LePage said. "In fact, I don't know how many times you gotta take your license out of your wallet to show it to people. And so until we do that, I don't think that elections in the state of Maine or in the United States are legitimate. I mean, we know that there are counties in this country that get more votes than there are citizens in their county, so what's that tell you?"
Read More
tasty-0.8 and other news
I'm glad to announce the 0.8 release of tasty, a modern Haskell testing framework.
Among the important user-visible changes are:
New running modes --hide-successes and --quiet
and Short flags for some existing options ( -p for --pattern , -j for --num-threads )
for , for ) Timeout support
Possibility to pass options via environment variables
Fix of a resources-related bug
For details, see the CHANGELOG and README.
Social
tasty now has a mailing list and an IRC channel #tasty at FreeNode. The IRC channel is logged at ircbrowse.net (thanks to Chris Done).
Volunteers
I'd like to thank people who kindly responded to my requests for help with tasty-related packages:
Dependencies
I recently started to pay more attention to (transitive) dependencies of my packages. More transitive dependencies (esp. those that I do not control) means greater probability that something will break, not to mention to compile times.
As Vincent Hanquez put it,
operation-dependency-streamline. roll your own copies of code and types instead of depending on different packages. — Vincent Hanquez ( @vincenthz ) February 27, 2014
For comparison, here are dependency graphs for tasty-0.7 and tasty-0.8, produced by John Millikin's new cabal-graphdeps tool:
The gains were achieved by:
0 0 0 15 0
As many admins of virtual infrastructures know, for the first time ever, VMware vSphere 6.5 received the long awaited encryption feature of both virtual disks content and vMotion hot migrations.
The VMs encryption works based on AES-NI algorithm, and the key management is carried out based on KMIP 1.1 standard. When I/O operation comes to the disk of the virtual machine, it is immediately encrypted on-the-fly, which provides complete security against data security attack.
Not only virtual disks, but also VMX configuration files, snapshot files and all other file objects related to the virtual machine are encrypted.
VM objects encryption is fulfilled externally. This way the guest OS doesn't have access to the encryption keys. Encrypted virtual machines are always transferred between the ESXi hosts with vMotion, which is also encrypted.
To start virtual machine encryption, an appropriate storage policy should be assigned to it:
How VM Encryption in VMware vSphere 6.5 works:
User assigns VM Encryption policy at the virtual machine level.
For the VM, a random key is generated and encrypted with a key from the key manager (KMS key).
When VM is switched on, vCenter server receives the key from the Key Manager and sends it to VM encryption Module on ESXi server, which unlocks the key in the hypervisor.
Next, all I/O operations are carried out through encryption module, encrypting all input and output SCSI-commands transparently for guest OS.
All those things are compatible with third-party key management systems (and requires one of them) built on standard KMIP of version 1.1 or higher:
To decrypt virtual machine and then store it in regular format, just set default storage policy (Datastore default).
StarWind VTL The additional requirement of the long-term data retention significantly increases the overall cost of the final solution. Find out more: StarWind Cloud VTL for AWS and Veeam
Also, there is special PowerCLI cmdlets, which can encrypt or decrypt VM and detect which of them are encrypted at the moment. For example, this way you can encrypt VM with default encryption policy in the last PowerCLI update:
Get-VM -Name <VM name> | Enable-VMEncryption 1 Get - VM - Name < VM name > | Enable - VMEncryption
vCenter works just as a client in the encryption system. For key handling, Key Management Server (KMS) is used.
In privileges control mechanism, there is now new No Cryptography Administrator role. If it is assigned, the following privileges will be denied to standard administrator:
Manage key servers
Manage keys
Manage encryption policies
Console access to encrypted VMs
Upload/download encrypted VMs
Any external systems working after KMIP standard can be used as KMS:
When using VM encryption, the following things should be considered:
Yes, you will definitely need key management system (external Key Management Server).
Backup options are supported through Ethernet only (no SAN-to-SAN backup).
If you make backup copy for regular backup method, it will be unencrypted, if you recover it – everything will comply with target storage policy (that is, VM can appear to be unencrypted after the recovery).
The vCenter server can't be encrypted itself – otherwise, it couldn't be switched on at all.
Also, the following options are not supported: Suspend/resume VM encryption with snapshots and creation of snapshots for encrypted VMs Serial/Parallel port Content library vSphere Replication
For vMotion, encryption works on the VM-level, and for synchronization data transfer 256-bit encryption keys are used. Encryption of the vMotion traffic works on VMkernel level with widely used algorithm AES-GCM (Advanced Encryption Standard / Galois Counter Mode).
There are 3 policies for encrypted vMotion:
Disabled – switched off.
– switched off. Opportunistic – encryption only in case it is supported by source and target host ESXi, otherwise vMotion will be unencrypted.
– encryption only in case it is supported by source and target host ESXi, otherwise vMotion will be unencrypted. Required – will certainly be used.
Moving machines between the hosts is fulfilled by the exchange of one-time keys, which are generated and served by vCenter server, rather than KMS.
In general, encryption of virtual machines and vMotion migrations is great stuff, but keep in mind you will need external KMS server for that.
Also, recently VMware published another interesting technical paper VMware vSphere encrypted vMotion architecture, performance, and best practices” on different aspects of mechanism of virtual machines encrypted migration between the hosts.
Experiments described in the open document have proven the following:
vSphere 6.5 Encrypted vMotion migration works almost with the same speed vMotion does
CPU encryption load is low due to the optimizations made in the vMotion code
vSphere 6.5 Encrypted vMotion is the same reliable as regular vMotion
For example, let's see the testing results of vMotion hot migration performance in enterprise infrastructure for virtual machine with Redis database manager.
Here is Microsoft SQL Server virtual machine migration for a long distance at varying network latency, which depends on datacenters location:
There are several more interesting pictures in the document, but there is only one conclusion – encrypted vMotion almost doesn't affect virtual infrastructure performance.
Related materials:
Views All-Time Views All Time 6 Views Today 14
Appreciate how useful this article was to you?
5 out of 5, based on 1 review 5 out of 5, based on 1 review
Continuous Delivery - Automating the Release Process
For many software developers, release days are stressful events. There's always some risk that things might go wrong in the process or that a bug would surface in production. At my previous company, we had a manual release process that was very human intensive; hence, error prone. On release days, DevOps would load binaries on a staging environment and perform user acceptance tests (UAT) manually. If the tests were successful, the software was copied to production servers and verified with smoke tests and occasionally, a trimmed down version of the UAT was run again. Here are the common problems we faced:
2 out 3 times when we had to roll back a release because of an issue, it was due to a configuration mismatch between staging and production environments.
between staging and production environments. The release process was slow and it took a long time to put new features in the hands of our users. It wasn't uncommon for the release process to take days or sometimes even weeks.
and it took a long time to put new features in the hands of our users. It wasn't uncommon for the release process to take days or sometimes even weeks. The slow release process and the manual UAT had another side-effect: the developers didn't get timely feedback. By the time feedback arrived, they were often in the middle of another feature. This incurred additional overhead because their memories were no longer fresh and on rare occasions, the error got re-introduced due to mix-up between branches.
In short, manual and ad-hoc release processes are suboptimal and the release day is fraught with stress. In our case, it was tolerable until releases became more frequent and the team grew. To improve and automate the release process, there's a software engineering approach know as Continuous Delivery (CD).
Continuous delivery makes it possible to release new features quickly and reliably. It provides fast feedback to developers. The software is built in a way where it can be automatically and safely released to production at any time. This is ensured by delivering every change to a production-like environment and running extensive automated tests on it. According to Martin Fowler, you are doing continuous delivery if:
[…] a business sponsor could request that the current development version of the software can be deployed into production at a moment's notice - and nobody would bat an eyelid, let alone panic.
Continuous delivery has a pre-requisite known as Continuous Integration (CI). CI is an Extreme Programming practice which requires that the new changes are integrated into the main branch as soon as they are finished so that the project is always kept in a working state. Usually, it works like this: developers commit their changes to GitHub (or another VCS) which triggers the build process. The entire application along with the required dependencies is built and a comprehensive set of unit and integration tests are run against it. If the tests fail, the team stops working and fixes the issue until the software is in working state again. Without CI, integration can very easily become a nightmare. Continuous integration is great and it's one of the very first things I do when starting a new project.
I have seen many examples where teams stop paying attention to broken builds. This usually happens when the CI process becomes a big, hairy beast. This defeats the main goal of CI: broken builds should never be ignored and fixing them should be the top priority for the team. To ensure that it happens, the CI process should be kept short, sweet and simple. If tests take too long to run, are unreliable or can't help pin-point the problem, the team will quickly stop paying attention to the broken builds or even worse, finger-pointing like “the other project broke the build” will ensue in dysfunctional teams.
Continuous integration is mainly focused on development teams. It's possible to have CI with a manual release process. In our case, we had CI but the binaries and corresponding configuration files were manually copied to staging and production environments. In contrast, the continuous delivery automates the release process end-to-end. To achieve that goal, it uses a pipeline with distinct stages and their associated processes.
A continuous delivery pipeline is a manifestation of your release process for getting a new release out of the door. According to Martin Fowler:
One of the challenges of an automated build and test environment is you want your build to be fast, so that you can get fast feedback, but comprehensive tests take a long time to run. A deployment pipeline is a way to deal with this by breaking up your build into stages. Each stage provides increasing confidence, usually at the cost of extra time. Early stages can find most problems yielding faster feedback, while later stages provide slower and more through probing. Deployment pipelines are a central part of ContinuousDelivery.
A typical CD pipeline might look like the following:
A crucial part that determines the success of CD pipelines is well-written acceptance tests that are run in the later stages of the pipeline for “more through probing”. They ensure that the software satisfies user requirements and specifications. Acceptance tests should not be exposed to internal system details and should treat it like a black-box. Our acceptance tests consisted of input that a real user would provide and the tests received and checked the system's output to verify that it matches expectation.
Transition from one stage to the next in the CD pipeline could be automatic or manual. Manual doesn't imply copying artifacts manually to the next stage. It means that someone needs to signal the system that it's okay to transition to the next stage usually at a push of a button.
Continuous delivery pipelines are modeled after delivery processes. There's no right way: one pipeline may look very different from another. For example, in an SOA project with many stand-alone components, we decided that a single pipeline for all the components was the best solution. Another project required individual pipelines for each component (microservice). The integration pipeline, shown in the picture below.
Implementing a good continuous delivery pipeline can be a daunting task but yields great benefits if done right. In my opinion, the best way is to carefully study your deployment process, understand all the dependencies, get buy-in from the team and start with something small and simple.
Continuous Delivery vs Continuous Deployment
In continuous delivery, a human makes the final call to deploy the release to production environment. Typically, the release to production happens several changes later or at some fixed date.
Continuous deployment evolves the continuous delivery process one step further: every change that happens to pass automated tests is deployed to production automatically. Continuous deployment may not be right for every project and even though it sounds great in theory, and I'm sure it is, I've not really tried it in a commercial project.
Here's a nice picture comparing the continuous delivery and deployment processes taken from Yassal Sundman's blog:
As far as continuous delivery tools are concerned, I don't have a personal preference. I've recently started using AWS CodePipeline (along with AWS CodeDeploy) to automate the delivery process on the AWS cloud and I'm generally satisfied with it.
This article was written by Umer Mansoor. Please leave your comments below and like on Facebook or follow-on Twitter to stay up-to-date.
Link to this page: http://www.socialistparty.org.uk/issue/849/20370
Home | The Socialist 25 March 2015 | Join the Socialist Party
Subscribe | Donate | PDF | ebook
Inspired by Bob Crow to stand for TUSC
Joseph Mambuliya, photo by Pete Mason (Click to enlarge)
Joseph Mambuliya is chair of the RMT London Underground cleaners grade committee, and is standing for TUSC in Barking.
Pete Mason spoke to Joseph about why he's standing.
When I started working as a cleaner on the London Underground in 2002, I saw the way the cleaners were being treated and bullied. It reached a point where their self-esteem was so low that they couldn't defend themselves.
I was approached by a union activist who recommended me to the union for training as a health and safety rep.
When I went for training at RMT headquarters I met Bob Crow and other union leaders who showed me that we should not be afraid to stand up for ourselves. As a health and safety rep I was trained to recognise health hazards. That boosted my confidence and I started to stand up and represent people.
I became chair of the RMT London Underground cleaners grade committee in 2007. The treatment of the cleaners had not changed - short payments, moving people to different locations without prior notice. We are looking to ballot for industrial action in the near future.
The day I watched Bob Crow walk out of a Labour Party meeting, looking furious. Bob had seen that the Labour Party no longer stands in the interests of workers - that motivated me to do something.
The good news is that the RMT union has come together with the Socialist Party and others in the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition.
Otherwise we are all going to sink in the austerity deluge. So I decided to take the challenge and stand as a candidate - for council in May 2014 and now against Margaret Hodge who is the current MP in Barking.
Very well. We have had publicity from the Barking and Dagenham Post. We have given our encouragement to the bus drivers - going down to the picket lines when they were on strike.
We have given our support to the bin workers who are losing money at this critical time. I'll raise support for them at my union's cleaners grade committee.
A girl looks back as people watch fireworks during celebrations on the main square of the Crimean city of Simferopol March 21, 2014. REUTERS/Shamil Zhumatov
SIMFEROPOL, Ukraine (Reuters) - Parts of Crimea were hit by power outages late on Sunday and the regional power company blamed them on technical problems in a power line from the Ukrainian mainland to the Black Sea peninsula, which has been wrestled away from Kiev by Moscow.
Local residents said there was no electricity in several cities in Crimea including in some districts of the provincial capital of Simferopol, though the city centre was not affected.
Crimea's power provider Krymenergo said in a statement on its website it introduced partial power cuts after a line operated by Ukraine's national electricity company, Ukrenergo, was hit by a technical fault and went down for repairs.
It said the line stretches from Kakhovka in the Kherson region of Ukraine, neighbouring Crimea to the north, to the village of Ostrovskoye on the peninsula.
It said the fault caused damage to a local power line in Crimea and that the outages were needed to allow repairs and prevent any further damage to the grid.
Ukrenergo was not immediately available for comment and has issued no statement on the matter on its website.
Most of Crimea's electricity - as well as water and food - is supplied from the Ukrainian mainland.
On Wednesday, Kiev threatened local authorities in Crimea that it would take "appropriate measures, including of technical and technological nature" should "provocations" against Ukrainian troops in the region not end.
The new pro-Moscow authorities in Crimea ignored the warning and Russian troops have now seized a large part of Ukrainian military facilities in Crimea after Moscow formally annexed Crimea on March 21.
There was no immediate sign that the power cuts could be deliberate action by Kiev, which, along with the West, does not recognise Russia's annexation of Crimea.
(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska in Simferopol and Alessandra Prentice in Kiev; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
Trade Unions Fight Walmart in Mexico
MEXICO CITY, Apr 24 2013 (IPS) - Trade unions in Canada, the United States and Mexico are preparing protests and legal action against the Mexican subsidiary of Walmart, the world's largest retailer, which is accused of paying bribes and breaching labour rights.
Unions in the three North American countries want the company to be penalised by the Mexican authorities, and are calling for a ban on opening more stores on artistic or natural heritage sites.
“What is needed is action in Mexico. We are somewhat out of step with the investigations in the United States,” said Héctor de la Cueva, the coordinator of the Centro de Investigación Laboral y Asesoría Sindical (CILAS), a Mexican trade union research centre. “That's why we're going to explore avenues to initiate legal action against the company and then evaluate using international courts,” he told IPS.
The Walmart scandal erupted on Apr. 21, 2012 when the New York Times reported that the firm had paid 24 million dollars in bribes to Mexican officials between 2002 and 2005 to expedite the opening of new stores, a possible violation of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
In the United States, Walmart has been under investigation since December 2011 by the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission in a process that has already cost the company millions of dollars and will cost it considerably more yet.
Walmart is now Mexico's largest private employer, with over 240,000 workers, who are not allowed to form trade unions or demand labour rights on pain of dismissal. Nearly 20 percent of the over 10,000 Walmart stores worldwide are located in Mexico.
“We are deeply concerned about this scandal and aware that Walmart has not even applied its own code of ethics,” said Eduardo Pérez de San Román, the regional director for the Americas of UNI Global Union, based in the Swiss city of Nyon.
“We are experiencing great difficulties in promoting union freedoms and collective bargaining in the company,” the leader of the federation of trade unions representing some 20 million workers in 1,000 organisations in 150 countries, in the retail trade, finances, telecommunications and postal services, told IPS.
UNI Global Union is carrying out a campaign to denounce Walmart's practices, and has formed a global network against the company. It has already presented a complaint with Walmart's Global Ethics Office for breaches of its own code.
The Mexican investigation into the alleged payoffs has made slow progress and there are few results, even though over a year has passed since the scandal first broke.
The now defunct ministry of public administration announced on Nov. 21 that the early investigations found no irregularities requiring any penalties against senior Walmart executives in Mexico.
“Walmart should not be allowed to harm cultural heritage sites or labour rights,” Luis Gálvez, a leader of the workers' union of the state National Institute of Anthropology and History, complained to IPS. “It should be regulated by the state, or expelled from the country,”
In 2003 and 2004, Gálvez took part in the failed struggle against the opening of a Walmart superstore on a plot next to the archaeological zone of Teotihuacán, one of the country's emblematic pre-Columbian sites some 50 kilometres northeast of Mexico City, in Mexico state.
The store is one of those where bribes are alleged to have been paid to allow it to operate. At the time the governor of Mexico state was Enrique Peña Nieto, who became president of Mexico on Dec. 1.
Things turned out very differently in the small indigenous town of Cuetzalan in the southern state of Puebla, where protests managed to block construction of a Walmart branch in 2012, on the argument that it was a threat to local employment, organic agriculture, and local customs.
Encouraged by this precedent, activists are waging a similar battle in the cities of Xalapa and Orizaba, both in the southeastern state of Veracruz, where Walmart wants to build two stores. In Xalapa, the store would threaten a forested area rich in flora and fauna, and in Orizaba it would endanger a retirement home built in the 1930s that is listed as of special artistic interest.
In both cases, civil society organisations have asked the municipal authorities to deny permission for building and operating the stores.
“The expansion of Walmart has been at the expense of the most basic workers' rights. Workers have been prevented from organising freely, and the Mexican authorities have permitted this to happen. If the labour ministry wants to act, it has every means at its disposal to do so,” said CILAS's De la Cueva.
In Gálvez's view, the Walmart store in Teotihuacán must be closed down. “It is one more reason in our argument that this store should not be in the archaeological zone. It must be removed, because it is an offence against Mexico,” he said.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Donald Trump made the much-debated remarks campaigning in Michigan
And so, an unlikely year in US politics nears its end with Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump sparking a debate about Yiddish semantics.
It all stems from his use of the word "schlonged" when talking about Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton.
Referring to her defeat by Barack Obama in the 2008 primary race, he told supporters in Michigan: "She was favoured to win and she got schlonged, she lost."
Use of the word, which is from the Yiddish slang for penis, has been criticised but Mr Trump hit back on Twitter.
"Once again, #MSM [mainstream media] is dishonest. 'Schlonged' is not vulgar. When I said Hillary got 'schlonged' that meant beaten badly," he wrote.
So was he correct to suggest it is a neutral, commonplace saying? Mr Trump tweeted that the phrase had been used in politics before, to refer to an earlier Democratic campaign.
Image copyright @RealDonaldJTrump
In a "History of political 'schlongings'" Ben Zimmer in Politico mentions several other examples, although adds that Mr Trump's "usage rightly raised eyebrows for its leering undertones".
Political analyst Jeff Greenfield said it was a word he hears often.
Image copyright @greenfield64
Writing in Talking Points Memo, Josh Marshall suggests "schlonged" may have similar etymological status to words such as "screwed" - a term that originally had a sexual meaning but has since become a more accepted phrase.
"These phrases often get used with little conscious sense of their original meaning," he wrote.
'A putz'
Hillary Clinton's campaign team said they would not respond to the comments but her spokesperson tweeted "everyone who understands the humiliation this degrading language inflicts on all women should".
Michelle Goldberg in Slate said the language was a sign "Trump, having capitalised on his fans' vast store of racial and religious resentment, is now seeking to tap the reservoir of their misogyny".
Mr Trump has faced previous accusations of sexism, after attacking the appearance of Republican rival Carly Fiorina and for suggesting Fox News host Megyn Kelly gave him tough questions during a debate because she was menstruating.
Others questioned the usage. The New Yorker's Emily Nussbaum tweeted "'schlonged' is not a verb. Even when used by a putz," referring to another Yiddish word meaning a stupid or worthless person.
Josh Barro, a correspondent for the Upshot, said the idea it was a common phrase was "obviously false".
Image copyright @JBarro
Statistician and writer Nate Silver disputed the term's supposedly regular usage, linking to a database he said showed "schlonged" had only been used nine times on US news sources since 1980 - most of which very much did not mean "beaten badly".
Of course, it is hard to see how these latest controversial remarks will have any more impact than any of his other outspoken comments - his brash nature is a major reason why he is flying high in the race to be Republican nominee.
Fox News Howard Kurtz suggested the real problem was the comments deflected scrutiny of Hillary Clinton's claims the Islamic State group used videos of Mr Trump's remarks on Muslims to recruit militants, which on Tuesday she appeared to backtrack on.
A lot can happen in 18 days.
If Paul Pogba avoided an early bath at the Emirates, and his subsequent three-match ban, the headlines may well have been dominated by his match-winning performance in the Manchester derby rather than Milkgate and an 11-point deficit.
The France superstar will make his return from suspension for the trip to Bristol City, but Antonio Valencia looks set to miss out - despite insisting he was 'fine' after hobbling off with a hamstring injury on Sunday.
Marouane Fellaini and Eric Bailly will also sit this one out, but Jose Mourinho may yet hand further cup opportunities to Scott McTominay and Axel Tuanzebe.
In transfer news, Barcelona director Guillermo Amor admitted 'there may well have been an approach' for United target Antoine Griezmann after club president Josep Maria Bartomeu reportedly met his family.
Stick with us as we bring you all the news and transfer rumours LIVE from Old Trafford.
Serial Position Effect
Saul McLeod, published 2008
Some of the strongest evidence for the multi-store model (Atkinson & Shiffrin, 1968) comes from serial position effect studies and studies of brain damaged patients.
Experiments show that when participants are presented with a list of words, they tend to remember the first few and last few words and are more likely to forget those in the middle of the list.
This is known as the serial position effect. The tendency to recall earlier words is called the primacy effect; the tendency to recall the later words is called the recency effect.
Murdock (1962)
Procedure
Murdock asked participants to learn a list of words that varied in length from 10 to 40 words and free recall them. Each word was presented for one to two seconds.
Results
He found that the probability of recalling any word depended on its position in the list (its serial position). Words presented either early in the list or at the end were more often recalled, but the ones in the middle were more often forgotten. This is known as serial position effect.
The improved recall of words at the beginning of the list is called the primary effect; that at the end of the list, the recency effect. This recency effect exists even when the list is lengthened to 40 words.
Conclusion
Murdock suggested that words early in the list were put into long term memory (primacy effect) because the person has time to rehearse each word acoustically. Words from the end of the list went into short term memory (recency effect) which can typically hold about 7 items.
Words in the middle of the list had been there too long to be held in short term memory (STM) (due to displacement) and not long enough to be put into long term memory (LTM). This is referred as a asymptote.
In a nutshell, when participants remember primary and recent information, it is thought that they are recalling information from two separate stores (STM and LTM).
Glanzer and Cunitz (1966)
Procedure
Glanzer and Cunitz presented two groups of participants with the same list of words. One group recalled the words immediately after presentation, while the other group recalled the words after waiting 30 seconds. These participants had to count backwards in threes (the Brown-Peterson technique), which prevented rehearsal and caused the recency effect to disappear. Both groups could free recall the words in any order.
Results
The words at the end of the list are only remembered if recalled first and tested immediately. Delaying recall by 30 seconds prevented the recency effect.
References
Atkinson, R. C., & Shiffrin, R. M. (1968). Chapter: Human memory: A proposed system and its control processes. In Spence, K. W., & Spence, J. T. The psychology of learning and motivation (Volume 2). New York: Academic Press. pp. 89–195.
Glanzer, M., & Cunitz, A. R. (1966). Two storage mechanisms in free recall. Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior, 5(4), 351-360.
Murdock, B. B. (1962). The serial position effect of free recall. Journal of Experimental Psychology, 64(5), 482–488.
How to reference this article:
McLeod, S. A. (2008). Serial position effect. Retrieved from https://www.simplypsychology.org/primacy-recency.html
Well, we certainly live in the future: The Associated Press is reporting that one of the women who received a transplanted womb last year has since given birth. Her baby boy, while premature, is reportedly healthy.
The mother is 36, and was born without a uterus. Her donated organ came from a close family friend -- a 61-year-old woman who'd already had two children of her own and gone through menopause. From the AP:
The recipient has had to take three medicines to prevent her body from rejecting the new organ. About six weeks after the transplant, she got her menstrual period - a sign the womb was healthy. After one year, when doctors were confident the womb was working well, they transferred a single embryo created in a lab dish using the woman's eggs and her partner's sperm.
The mother's doctor, Mats Brannstrom of the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, reported in January that he'd performed nine uterine transplants. Surrogacy isn't legal in Sweden, so for these nine women -- who had either been born without a uterus or had lost them to cervical cancer -- a risky, uncharted transplant was the only way to have their own biological children.
All previous attempts at transplantation had failed, and this child represents the first-ever birth from such a procedure. The baby, Brannstrom told the AP, is "fantastic." Brannstorm tells the AP that two of his other patients are pregnant as well, and at least 25 weeks along.
More details on the case will be published soon in Lancet.
Jill Biden greets guests following a Joining Forces event at the University of Pennsylvania in April 11, 2012. (White House photo).
First lady Michelle Obama and Labor Secretary Thomas Perez on Monday will announce a pledge from construction companies to hire 100,000 veterans over the next five years as part of an initiative seeking to encourage non-government support for former troops.
The agreement, involving more than 100 companies, comes as the construction industry is poised to gain 1.6 million jobs by 2022, giving it the 11th highest anticipated rate of growth at 2.6 percent annually, over that period, according to the latest Bureau of Labor Statistics projections.
First lady Michelle Obama and second lady Jill Biden. (White House photo)
The agreement is part of the White House's Joining Forces initiative, which seeks to highlight the needs of veterans and inspire support for them from all sectors of society. Obama and second lady Jill Biden are leading the effort.
In a Wall Street Journal op-ed on Monday, Obama said the construction companies “made this commitment not just because it's the patriotic thing to do, and not just because they want to repay our veterans for their service to our country, but because they know that it's the smart thing to do for their business.”
Industry leaders talked up the benefits of hiring former service members in an announcement of the pledge on Monday.
“Veterans are invaluable to the construction industry,” said Larry L. Melton, an executive with Bechtel Corporation, one of the firms involved in the pledge. “Men and women who serve in the military often have the traits that are so critical to our success: agility, discipline, integrity, and the drive to get the job done right.”
Following up on the announcement, the Labor Department plans to hold three roundtable discussions Monday focusing on how employers can tap into the veterans' community and how former troops can get involved in apprenticeships, as well as credentialing and certification programs.
“All men and women who have sacrificed for our country in our armed services deserve opportunities for good jobs worthy of their character and their achievements,” Perez said in the statement. “The Department of Labor will do whatever it takes to help our veterans translate their skills and leadership into jobs, and I am inspired by the commitment displayed today by the construction industry and all our partners in helping to achieve that mission.”
Follow Josh Hicks on Twitter, Facebook or Google+. Connect by e-mail at josh.hicks@washpost.com. Visit The Federal Eye, The Fed Page and Post Politics for more federal news. E-mail federalworker@washpost.com with news tips and other suggestions.
New Perfume Makes You Smell Better The More You Sweat
Trending News: The More You Sweat, The Better You'll Smell With This New Technology
Why Is This Important?
Because the gym is a stinky place.
Long Story Short
Scientists in Ireland have created a perfume that releases scent when it interacts with water. It's the first of its kind, and reacts to the neutral water released when people sweat.
Long Story
For all the money we spend on antiperspirants and deodorants, they're terribly ineffective. Deodorant only does so much, and ask anyone hiding pit stains how well their “antiperspirant” works. But what if, instead of trying to fight sweat, we made it work for us? That's exactly what researchers from Queen's University Belfast have created: A perfume that smells better the more you sweat.
“This is an exciting breakthrough that uses newly discovered ionic liquid systems to release material in a controlled manner. Not only does it have great commercial potential, and could be used in perfumes and cosmetic creams, but it could also be used in others area of science, such as the slow release of certain substances of interest,” said project leader Dr. Nimal Gunaratne.
The substance works by attaching the fragrance to an ionic liquid — basically, salt in liquid form. That keeps the fragrance from evaporating away, but water severs those bonds, releasing the smell onto the wearer's skin. The sweatier you get, the more fragrance it produces.
The perfume also happens to dampen sweats own smell — sulfur is largely responsible for sweat's stinky smell, and sulfur happens to be attracted to the ionic liquid. That means that beyond the obvious human applications, the new substance could have commercial uses as well. Imagine spraying down a landfill with a simple liquid and having it not smell!
Own The Conversation
Ask The Big Question: What other applications could an anti-stink solution have?
Disrupt Your Feed: Just how much stink can this stuff counteract? Asking for a friend…
Drop This Fact: The FDA only requires that an antiperspirant brand cut back on sweat by 20% to boast "all day protection."
Two Sundays ago, I went to the Hershey Bears/Adirondack Phantoms game where the Bears' AHL Record Home winning streak ended at 24. There'll be more on RMNB's collective bad luck later. But one thing I learned that night is that Braden Holtby is a wildly popular man. Beyond Bruce Boudreau, there is no more popular guy in Hershey. Need examples? Well, while the Bears PA guy announced the starting line-up before the game, there was a smattering of applause for the starting 5. When the PA guy announced Holtby in goal, everyone in the arena rose to their feet and gave him a roaring standing ovation. I turned to my friends in complete shock and asked “Did that really just happen??”
Oh, it most certainly did. And really, there's a lot to love about the guy (beyond his superb fashion sense and his excellent communication skills with the bewildering Alexander Semin). Holtby has put up incredible numbers in his first professional season in the Capitals' minor league system. Braden started the year with the South Carolina Stingrays going 7-2-3 with a .911 Save Percentage. He then rode the pine as an injury replacement player in Washington for two games before getting his first shot to stick in Hershey. And stick he did. Since receiving that promotion, Holtby has gone 23-6-2 with 2 Shutouts for the AHL's most winningest team. His sparkling 2.36 GAA and above average .917 Save Percentage are among AHL Leaders. And really, what has the Chocolate and White fans talking is the fact that Holtby has single-handedly won games this year by himself – even with the incredible roster around him. That has many in Hershey thinking he could eventually push his way into the discussion of who deserves to be the goalie of the future in Washington between Semyon Varlamov and Michal Neuvirth.
But if you're looking for a statistical dissertation of who's better among those three (SEMYON VARLAMOV), you've come to the wrong place my friends. Instead, RMNB has found another reason to fall in love with the twenty year old from Saskatoon: His eccentric “Holtbyisms.”
Don't know what we're talking about? We'll let Bears regular Kathryn Hedrick explain:
As a Holtby admirer since he came to the Hershey Bears, I was already aware of the many rituals and tics he has when he plays. But it wasn't until I had front row seats right by him on Sunday night that I saw just how much he did. Goalies are a whole different world of hockey players and we all know how superstitious they can be. But I think Holtby goes above and beyond the rest with his rituals. I couldn't take my eyes off of him. There were times when the action was on the other side of the ice but I would still watch him. These “Holtbyisms,” as they've become known, occur from the second he gets on the ice until he gets off (and, let's be honest, he probably has more that he does in the locker room). During every stoppage in play, he pushes his mask on his head, picks up his water bottle, squirts it at the boards, then squirts it in his mouth. He swishes the water around and then spits it back out through his teeth (Photo Montage Here). I realized how hard it would be to explain some of it to other people so I took two videos of Holtby: one at the start of the period, and one at the end (shown below). The Bears beat the Binghamton Senators 3-2 that night and Holtby was called on to make several huge saves. He's easily having the best year of any rookie on the team and he's putting up some monster stats for someone who was expected to be in South Carolina this season. Maybe these habits aren't so strange…
Here's Video of Braden Holtby at the beginning of a period.
Holtby flies into the video around the 10 second mark… and then pure hilarity ensues.
Now Here's Video of Braden Holtby at the end of a period.
Please notice the thorough sweeping of the crease, the maniacal swipes at the pipes with his stick and then the awesome flip shot of the gatorade bottle into his glove. Somehow, this is even more ridiculous than Karl Alzner's Superstitions.
Now I know I said the other day that Mike Green was my new favorite player. But after seeing the Holtbyisms described above, I think I've got a new number one.
Anyways, I wanted to extend a huge thanks to Kathryn for her writeup, photos and video. Please make sure to follow her on Twitter and thank her for her time. Kathryn, once you're of age, we'll buy you a beer (Please God, don't tell your parents that). And for those of you who have witnessed the Holtbyisms live, tell us more about them in the comments below. Feel free to link to any other photos or videos.
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
One of the shining gems in Mat Cothran's vast catalog of music is holo pleasures, a 13-minute EP that came out under his Elvis Depressedly moniker back in 2013. holo pleasures is getting reissued via Run For Cover later this year — the label has also been responsible for repackaging material from Teen Suicide and the Sun Days that was previously primarily available only through Bandcamp — and the old album will come with a new collection of songs featuring unreleased material that was recorded around the same time. That side of the release is called california dreamin', and “slip” is the first track we're hearing from it, and it's as muted, murky, and comfortingly inscrutable as holo pleasures was a few years ago. Listen via Tiny Mix Tapes below.
holo pleasures / california dreamin' Tracklist:
01 “okay”
02 “pepsi/coke suicide”
03 “inside you”
04 “teeth”
05 “weird honey”
06 “thinning out”
07 “angel cum clean”
08 “slip”
09 “cop poet”
10 “holo pleasures (california dreamin')”
11 “nakamura”
12 “up in the air”
holo pleasures / california dreamin' is out 6/3 via Run For Cover. Pre-order it here. Read our Q&A about their most recent release, New Alhambra.
Fifty shops in Hannover have signed up to Pey's beacon powered merchant and customer Bitcoin system. The app and hardware system is fighting to make Bitcoin payments easier for both parties to process, but faces strong competition from NFC developments from Circle.
Pey aims to simplify over the counter Bitcoin transactions by using beacon technology at the cash register to suggest payment in bitcoins and to launch the user-preferred wallet service if desired. By eliminating the search for the correct app on your phone (the digital currency equivalent of rummaging through your pockets for change), Pey could be making a step forward in the struggle to make Bitcoin a more accessible and commonplace in-person payment method.
The Hannover based start-up is facing stiff competition though, with rival wallet and merchant services backing alternative technologies to compete in this field. Internet finance platform Circle recently announced the integration of NFC payments into the mobile app.
When this is combined with BitPay's merchant app across the counter, it can offer shoppers a slick and fast Bitcoin payment closely resembling the more familiar experience of paying with contactless payment card, without the use of beacons. When either of these approaches is compared to the very early days of multiple QR codes and slow transaction times, it's clear that this in-store market is moving at a very fast pace.
One advantage of Pey's use of beacon integration is that it will offer an alternative to the current issue of NFC use on Apple devices. With the launch of Apple Pay, the technology giant has restricted the use of the NFC chips in modern Apple devices to only their proprietary payment app. Beacons, however, operate on Bluetooth Low Energy, a technology accessible to both iOS and Android phones, although it is currently equally inaccessible to phones running Windows 8.1. For iPhone users, the notification of Bitcoin acceptance in-store and prompt to open their default wallet, could make a QR code based transaction convenient enough to become a regular option for them even without access to an iOS wallet service with NFC.
On the other side of the transaction, Pey is offering shops and traders dedicated hardware to run BitPay's merchant app. Pey founder Ricardo Ferrer has identified confusion and apprehension among traditional brick-and-mortar business owners when it comes to buying tablets and putting together their own Bitcoin payment terminal with their phone.
With a background in UX design, Ferrer 3D printed the first Pey enclosures, containing a Nexus smartphone and an NFC antenna. The responsive nature of Pey's approach to merchant needs seems to have helped win over the 50 businesses now signed up to the program.
Cointelegraph spoke to Pey's founder Ricardo Ferrer about the high number of merchants now accepting Bitcoin on Hannover's “Bitcoin Boulevard.”
Cointelegraph: What inspired you to make Pey?
Ricardo Ferrer: Bitcoin caught my interest over a year ago and in March 2013 we started accepting Bitcoin at our co-working space. We took part in a trade fair where we had several guests from companies like Bitpay, Lamassu and bitcoin.de. Since then not much had happened in Hannover and we remained the only location in the city that accepted Bitcoin. We wanted to change that. Mainly so that we can spend our bitcoins and “play” with the technology in a real life scenario as often as possible.
While trying to convince merchants to be a part of the project we noticed that there were two factors that hindered adoption: Volatility risks and the need for the merchant to use their own smartphone to process the payment. We decided to solve both of those problems while a additionally focusing on the user experience. For this reason we integrated iBeacons into the project, to reduce the time it takes to trigger a payment, bringing bitcoin mobile payments closer to the user experience provided by systems like Apple Pay.
CT: What's making merchants in Hannover so keen to use Pey?
RF: I believe so many merchants jumped in in such a short time because we are offering them an all-in-one solution. By Partnering with Bitpay they don't have any volatility risks and through our cheap hardware they can have a device that is always ready to take payments even if they have employees changing shifts all the time.
It's a way for them to offer an added service, experiment with new technology and generate a couple of new customers with very little effort and risk. I also believe the personal contact with us is important. They know that they can call us if any problem arises and they feel that their suggestions are heard and implemented quickly.
CT: What do you plan to bring to the next version of Pey?
RF: We are almost ready with the second prototype. This new version is based on a Raspberry Pi instead of a Nexus S smartphone. This will allow us to work on our custom terminal software that will improve the user experience and the onboarding process for new merchants. We also plan to make improvements to the NFC antenna and iBeacon implementation.
The industrial design for the terminal will be further polished by our co-founders from Studio Dreimann and our iOS App will get several improvements like a better flow with integration to Yallet (our partner Wallet). The planning sessions for the third version of the terminal start next week and we expect to start promoting it more broadly in April 2015.
Did you enjoy this article? You may also be interested in reading these:
The Post Sports Live panel weighs in on how the NFL's investigation into whether the Patriots deflated footballs before their AFC championship game against the Colts affects the team's legacy. (Post Sports Live/The Washington Post)
The Post Sports Live panel weighs in on how the NFL's investigation into whether the Patriots deflated footballs before their AFC championship game against the Colts affects the team's legacy. (Post Sports Live/The Washington Post)
The text arrived at 10:37 p.m., and sat there as Bob Kravitz worked the locker room — the incendiary words waiting, ticking, ready to explode.
Kravitz, a veteran reporter and columnist now with Indianapolis's WTHR-TV, left his cellphone in the press box after the New England Patriots' 45-7 win against the Colts in the AFC championship game Jan. 18. When he returned more than an hour later, the message from a source was waiting and the fuse of a bizarre and resilient NFL scandal had already been lit: “Call me now..Very important!!!!”
Kravitz made the call, becoming one of the first individuals to hear the accusation that in beating the Colts by more than five touchdowns, the Patriots had violated NFL rules by playing with underinflated footballs. After confirming the news, Kravitz tweeted the accusation — and within a matter of hours the story would captivate much of the country.
“I had a pretty good idea,” Kravitz said recently during a telephone interview, “that this would become kind of a monster.”
Five weeks after the story broke, what the hashtag-ready scandal that came to be known as DeflateGate ultimately amounted to remains unanswered.
1 of 26 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Super Bowl champion Patriots parade through Boston View Photos Fans of the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots chanted “Brady! Brady!” and clambered atop massive snowbanks for better views as players danced and waved their way through Boston in a parade celebrating their fourth NFL title. Caption Fans of the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots celebrated their NFL title with a parade in Boston. Feb. 4, 2015 Patriots owner Robert Kraft waves to fans while holding up a Lombardi Trophy during a parade in Boston to honor the NFL football team's victory over the Seattle Seahawks in Super Bowl XLIX . Winslow Townson/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
[Jenkins: A scandal that is losing air — quickly.]
The NFL appointed attorney Ted Wells to investigate the allegations, and his probe continues. There is a growing sense, however, that in the end the scandal will be judged to have been a rather meaningless affair, a kerfuffle over little more than air and how much of it was pumped into the Patriots' footballs.
The allegation that New England might have cheated in the AFC championship game was only the latest controversy during a season of them in the NFL, as the league had spent much of the year reacting to issues such as workplace bullying, domestic violence and child abuse.
Officials at NFL headquarters in New York “weren't happy about this at all,” said an individual employed by the league, who like several others interviewed spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation. “But it was the perfect encapsulation of the year they've had.”
There is no disputing the fact that in the two weeks between conference championship weekend and the Super Bowl, questions over the Patriots' treatment of their footballs dominated headlines and drove the more serious issues confronting the league largely out of the news. NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell was hardly pressed about them during his annual “State of the League” meeting with media Jan. 30, two days before the Patriots played the Seattle Seahawks, though he faced repeated questions about DeflateGate.
Goodell was careful to say that while the NFL had no idea who was responsible or indeed whether rules had even been broken, he considered the footballs scandal to be a serious matter that potentially threatened the integrity of the game.
Presumably, an underinflated ball would give Patriots quarterback Tom Brady an edge by making it easier for him to throw, especially in cold weather. Under NFL rules, each offense is allowed to use its own set of game balls precisely because quarterbacks are particular about them.
Post NFL editor Keith McMillan recruits a few coworkers to see if they can tell which football has been under-inflated by 2 PSI, the amount the NFL claims the New England Patriots' game balls were deflated. (Davin Coburn and Jason Aldag/The Washington Post)
“We want the truth,” Goodell said. “That's what I think our fans want. That's what our clubs want. And so what we want to do is make sure that we find that truth. If there are violations of the rules, we take them seriously, particularly when they deal with the integrity of the game and the rules.”
One person familiar with the league's inner workings said NFL leaders have been given little to no information by Wells about his investigation.
In the meantime, reports involving mostly granular information involving the Patriots and their footballs continue to emerge. While they have made a confusing story line no less murky, they have kept the issue alive on social media and sports talk radio.
Five weeks ago, the story seemed straight out of the Hollywood publicity-stunt playbook: a strange and mostly harmless subject that transcended sports. There were characters of varying likability holding over-the-top news conferences to confront scandalous questions, and a major event on the horizon — all this buzz keeping everyone talking about the NFL until the Super Bowl kickoff.
Network morning news shows bantered about deflated footballs, news organizations conducted their own experiments with air pumps and cold air, and NBC's “Saturday Night Live” lampooned Patriots Coach Bill Belichick deflecting blame and Brady, his quarterback, pleading ignorance.
Then, as life became more entertaining than art, Belichick — who was fined $500,000 in 2007 after New England was discovered to have spied on the New York Jets' defensive signals — held a surreal news conference in which he quoted the film “My Cousin Vinny” and educated the audience on basic physics: “We all know that air pressure is a function of the atmospheric conditions.”
The next day included a critical response from, among others, Bill Nye “the Science Guy,” who said on ABC's “Good Morning America” that the only way the balls could have become deflated was through human hands.
Belichick could still face discipline — particularly as a repeat offender — if the Wells investigation yields proof that the Patriots knowingly broke rules by using balls with air pressure set lower than NFL standards. This is seemingly why New England owner Robert Kraft held his own news conference before the Super Bowl, demanding an apology from the league office should Wells's investigation clear his franchise of wrongdoing.
“I am disappointed in the way the entire matter has been handled and reported upon,” Kraft said.
Not that the story was entirely problematic for the NFL. It not only overshadowed more delicate — and serious — off-the-field matters facing the league, it drew more outrage than on-field issues that seem more likely to bring sanctions. Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank admitted that his team piped in artificial crowd noise during home games. Last week, Cleveland Browns General Manager Ray Farmer confessed that he broke rules by texting coaches with play suggestions during games. Both violations remain under investigation, and both seem far more likely to lead to punishment than the Patriots affair.
Still, the scandal's shadow stretched to the annual NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis last week, where Colts General Manager Ryan Grigson revealed that his team had alerted the league about its concerns about the footballs before the AFC title game.
“We went into the game, we had some issues,” said Grigson, who added that he, like any general manager, wanted to try to ensure that his team was competing on a level playing field.
The Colts and the rest of the league will have to wait for Wells to complete and deliver his findings for a resolution, though some people in and around the NFL suggest that significant punishments or change seem unlikely. One league employee did express hope that, no matter the report's findings, the NFL would improve security and keep a closer eye on how footballs are handled before, during and after games so that in the future when a fuse is lit, the resulting fire can at least be controlled.
Regardless, the scandal did keep the sport on the tip of everyone's tongue in the run-up to the Super Bowl. And whatever the reason, 2.2 million more people tuned in to watch the game Feb. 1 than the previous year. It was a bigger TV audience, estimated at more than 114 million viewers, than for any other football game in history.
About
STORY
What is:
Short version: Apotome's story follows our main protagonist Blinky, a cyborg who doesn't know what she is or where she came from. Together, you, her, and a colorful cast of multi-dimensional characters find out what her purpose is and what dark secrets hide within the enclosed super colony on Mars and possibly stop a war. This 24-page book is the first chapter in that adventure.
Long version: Apotome is set on Mars inside of a domed super colony in the near future, after humanity left Earth on the eve of another world war. People of all countries looking for a new life of peace and unity between people flew to the planet. But people being people, nothing changed. Racism, homophobia, and soon mechaphobia swept the large glass domed city. Most of the Halflings, which are people who had mechanical enhancements, stuck to jobs out of the public eye in a mining colony on the other side of the National Mars Forest. Tensions rose as what looked like Halflings attacked New Kroy with terrorist acts. As a rebuttle, the second Overseer, Cecil Moloch, built robotic animals as somewhat of a defense mechanism to Protect New Kroy. The mining colony soon became a small city, denying that they sent anyone to attack New Kroy. They just wanted to be left alone.
More attacks kept happening, and the people of New Kroy cried for a war, along with claiming the Overseer was on the Halflings' side, as his defenses weren't doing anything to protect them.
Then, the robotic animals had a malfunction, and started going on a rampage through New Kroy that many people thought was an intentional act by the Overseer. They would come to call this event “Cecil's Rebellion.” Cecil mysteriously disappeared and the rebellion came to a sudden stop, and the animals retreated, battle-scarred, back into the artificial forest. Twenty odd years pass and most of New Kroy is in shambles. 75% of the city is the lower class scraping by on the outskirts of the city. The upper class are huddled by the Watchtower, a building which watches over the city like a control center, full of combat ready soldiers. There's a robin hood like figure at large dressed like a plague doctor, seen often in the slums. The other city is doing well for itself, as Halflings and some humans live together in peace, all wear masks and long clothing to hide their skin, so no one knows who is what. They are led by their king that is secretly puppeteered by his right hand man who has a deep and long history in this universe.
Also, there are whispers of weapons being made for another war against New Kroy.
At the center of all of this, a newly awoken cyborg with an owl mask. She will have to work with new found friends and allies to put a stop to the oncoming storm. Her setbacks? She can't remember who she is and why she was created, and she can't speak.
Think of it as Avatar: The Last Airbender meets 9, (The animated one about the sack people, not the musical drama film with the same title that, funnily enough, came out the same year.) with the world building of Lord of the Rings. Sound fun? Great! Here are some pages.
COVER and PREVIEW PAGES
Cover
Page 3 (Colors and Letters Pending)
Page 6 (Colors pending)
Page 8 (Colors pending)
CHARACTERS (and story details continued)
Apotome's cast
Who is The main character? Well, Blinky is a mysterious entity with a Barn Owl mask with a horrible case of amnesia. The kicker? She also can't talk.
Blinky
Oh yes, she can fly
Throughout the 10 issue arc, Blinky will find out who she is, what she is, and her purpose in this small world on the brink of another rebellion. She will uncover dark secrets, make friends and enemies, and hopefully save the day.
Our supporting cast includes
ALICE KAYANI
Alice Kayani
Raised in the lower sector with her self proclaimed adopted brother, Dennis, Alice lost her birth (and Dennis's adopted) mother shortly before being rescued by Tommy and taken in to become an Enforcer. Her mother's headscarf and Quran are all Alice has left of her.
DENNIS KAYANI
Dennis Kayani
Dennis is a self taught genius. He'd rather spend his time tinkering with his tools than attend training. Sharing most of the same history as Alice after losing his parents in the rebellion, Alice's mother was kind enough to take him in and raise them.
BRUCE
Bruce
Bruce lost his father shortly after his birth. He was raised by his mother and older (legally) adopted brother Tommy. However, at the age of 4, the rebellion happened, causing Tommy to grab Bruce and take him to safety. Eventually, they enlisted into the Enforcers, (changing his last name with Tommy), in hopes to help keep the city safe. Bruce is the jokester, always hiding his fear and pain with jokes.
TOMMY TAO
Tommy Tao
Bruce's older (adopted) brother. The leader of Snapdragon Squadron (Which includes the characters mentioned above). Having transferred to being the leader of his own group, Tommy raised his younger squad members to their full potential to soon be initiated into full fledged Enforcers. Tommy spends his spare time trying to complete the book his adopted father never got the chance to finish.
LILITH
Lilith
Commander to the Enforcers, Lilith was once the [DATA CORRUPTED]
LORELEI DREE
Lorelei Dree
The current Overseer of New Kroy, the slightly emotionally unstable (due to past events) leader earned her place after the mysterious murder of her father Calder Dree, the Overseer before her. She leads the city of New Kroy in a strict manner. Supplies are low. You don't contribute? Then you are a waste of resources and will be promptly terminated under her rule.
CECIL MOLOCH
Cecil Moloch
The second Overseer of New Kroy (Before Calder Dree took his place post Rebellion), and survivor of Earth's destruction. Having been adopted into the Dree family, Calder's father used Cecil's intellect for profit. Cecil has contributed many technological advancements to the city, along with the robotic animals that inhabit the Forest.
Along with many more characters coming in later issues!
This story is one that is seven years in the making, I am so excited to bring you a diverse science fiction story where everyone will be represented with care. I hope that you will come to love these characters as much as I do, and I look forward to you stepping into an extremely fleshed out world full of lore and adventure around every corner.
THE CAMPAIGN & REWARDS
(AKA: Okay, OKAY! I'm on board. What will I get?)
Well, if you'll bear with me for a little longer, I'll tell you. As I said above, this project is a labor of love with such talented people working to bring it to life. The comic medium has always been the best place for diverse stories and characters to thrive.This is a story for everyone. This is a universe for everyone, and we really want you to come explore it with us. However, due to funds dwindling, I cant bring this to life on my own. In order to launch this new series, we need your help, your generosity. Without you, this dream wont happen.
Your support goes directly towards APOTOME's creation.
Production costs include:
Paying the Artist
Paying the Colorist
Paying the Letterer
Paying for Rewards
Paying for Shipping
Paying for Printing
We hope this is a success, so that we can bring you the rest of the series. If we raise more than the original goal, then that will help fund future issues! We have stretch goals with that in mind.
Once again, this is creator owned, so this all will be possible with your help. With this campaign, it's enough to get the first issue created and into your hands and onto shelves. If you love creator owned comics, or our story, its characters, we have great rewards for you in return for your help!
Below, you'll see a peek of the rewards from the Pledge Tiers
We have TWO styles of trading card sized bookmarks done by the talented Onsta aka Ashley M.
Normal Trading Card Style bookmark:
Normal bookmark
Early Owl Trading Card Style bookmark:
Early Owl Special
We have TWO pin up posters that you'll recieve (11x17).
Pin Up #1, done by our artist and colorist!
Pin up #1
And Pin Up #2 done by the talented Nina Modaffari!
Pin Up 2
Variant Cover:
Variant Cover
APOTOME LEVEL TIER INFO:
(Limit of 5 people per artist.)
Paulo Mel's Art Examples:
A. Vintrove's Art Examples:
MEET THE TEAM BEHIND APOTOME
The Creative Team Behind Apotome
ABOUT:
Will Stermer has been writing ever since he realized people tolerated his story telling. After giving up stage magic as a potential career, he has spent more of his life juggling school and the world of Apotome. He can be found on Twitter @wch0lmes
Paulo Mel has been drawing for as long as he can remember. He is an artist who has been looking for better ways to tell a great story and touch people emotions with pictures. One of his goals is to become the strongest hokage that ever lived.
A Vintrove: Most commonly known for original character commissions for various MMOs. Part time artist living in the LA area, loving the community! Always ready to lend an artistic hand. Excited to help this project set its earliest roots! They can be found on Twitter @Vintrove
Rob Jones is an award winning letterer and writer of comics based in the U.K. He is 1/4 of Madius comics, a publishing group, and can often be found shouting into the void on Twitter @RobJonesWrites
APOTOME Comic and Characters Copyright © 2017 Will Stermer. All Rights Reserved
Man-made climate change paved the way for American scientists to come up with the idea of weather modification. They reasoned that if daily human activity was already impacting weather patterns, it was acceptable for them to deliberately change the weather for a variety of purposes.
The first meeting about weather modification was held at the end of 1945. At this time, the possibility of using several weather manipulation schemes to America's advantage during war was discussed. Later, during the Cold War, funds were poured into further research on the topic. This opened the door for using the weather as a secret weapon against enemies. Unfortunately, it also created the opportunity for several people and institutions to use this technology for more sinister purposes. Naturally, this topic is taboo within government organizations, but this hasn't stopped the theories and even evidence of different “climate engineering events” from popping up all over the Internet.
10 Hurricane Sandy Was An Engineered Superstorm
Many believe that Hurricane Sandy was a product of man-made climate change. Then there are those who believe that the storm itself was man-made. The storm was not even over yet when conspiracy theories started flying around. It is said that President Barack Obama engineered the superstorm that slammed into the eastern seaboard just a week before elections were due to take place to ensure his reelection. Proponents of the theory conclude that Obama needed a situation in which he could be the “hero,” helping those in need and ultimately proving he was the best candidate for president.
Conspiracy or not, Hurricane Sandy certainly seemed to help Obama's presidential bid. He even won over Republican governor Chris Christie, who commented that he “kept every promise he made” when the hurricane struck. Christie declared at a press conference that although he disagreed with the president on principles and policy, he had no regrets working with him, a statement for which the governor received considerable backlash. It fueled rumors of an engineered storm, as it seemed that Obama was out to get even the opposition into his corner.
How would a human even be able to engineer a hurricane? If you believe the theories, it would be possible with the help of The High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP), a government research arm that studies the upper atmosphere. It is believed that HAARP was instrumental in creating Sandy with electromagnetic waves and its SBX platform. Conspiracy theorists are also convinced that Hurricane Katrina was created and steered by HAARP under the order of George W. Bush and Dick Cheney.
Naturally, HAARP denies any involvement.
9 The Lynmouth Flood Was Caused By Cloud-Seeding
In 1952, 90 million tons of water swept through Lynmouth, a village in Devon. The disaster claimed the lives of 35 people, and 430 lost their homes. It was deemed an “act of God” and a terrible tragedy. However, rumors began to surface that rainmaking experiments may have been to blame for the excessive flooding. It was estimated that the Lynmouth region received 252 times their usual rainfall during the flooding, and it happened within a week of the rainfall experiments undertaken by the Royal Air Force.
It may seem like a creepy coincidence, but it appears to be just that. Experts noted that while rainmaking experiments did indeed take place, only individual cumulus clouds were injected with iodide or dry ice. This led to accelerated rainfall that lasted only about 20 minutes. Furthermore, the flood was not confined to Lynmouth. Heavy showers were reported all over West and South Wales.
8 Operation Popeye
Monsoon season in Vietnam is bad enough without interference from government, but during the Vietnam War, the American government attempted to extend monsoon season by at least 30 days by seeding the clouds over the area with silver and lead iodide. This top secret campaign was known as Operation Popeye and ran from 1967–1972. It allegedly focused on increasing rainfall over the resupply routes in the area, particularly the Ho Chi Minh Trail.
The plan was kept under wraps until 1971, when a reporter uncovered a memo secretly sent to President Johnson. The memo contained the following message: “Laos operations—Continue as at present plus Pop Eye to reduce the trafficability [sic] along infiltration routes & Authorization requested to implement operational phase of weather modification process previously successful tested and evaluated in some area.”
The reporter, Jack Anderson, wasted no time in bringing this information to the public. This ultimately led to the proposal of a treaty between the US and other governments to prohibit the use of weather modification technology during wartime. The ENMOD (Convention on the Prohibition of Military or Any Other Hostile Use of Environmental Modification Techniques) was signed in 1976 by a host of UN members, ensuring that all forms of weather manipulation are only used for peaceable means.
The American government may deny that Operation Popeye was intended to increase rainfall for sinister purposes, but the conspiracy theories surrounding the project aren't going away anytime soon.
7 Yellow Rain
The Hmong people sided with the US during the Vietnam War. This was not taken lightly by the countries of Vietnam and Laos, who declared a different kind of war on the Hmong tribes: chemical warfare. Witnesses described seeing yellow-colored rain falling from the sky that had an oily texture and seemed to cling to whatever it landed on. Others reported seeing helicopters flying low over the land and spraying the oily liquid over the area.
It seemed that the “yellow rain” had some form of acid in it. Many who came into contact with it claimed to have had seizures, and others even alleged that it blinded them permanently. When Vietnam invaded Cambodia in 1978, similar statements were made by the Cambodian people.
Interestingly enough, it seems that experts have now concluded that yellow rain was, in fact, the feces of honeybees, making all of the above just an elaborate conspiracy theory. It was also concluded that the toxins found in the yellow rain were naturally produced by fungi in the bee feces.
6 The California Drought Was Caused By Geo-Engineering
In May 2013, a state of drought was declared in California that persisted throughout the rest of the year, the state's driest year to date. In December, a massive wildfire broke out near Big Sur, thought to have been spurred by the dry spell. More than 900 acres of land were destroyed in the blaze. The drought continued into 2014.
The logical explanation given by scientists was that the drought was the result of global warming, man-made climate change, or both. Conspiracy theorists are not buying it, though. They are convinced that geo-engineering is to blame for the drought. According to theorists, geo-engineers have cut the rainfall in California with the continuous spraying of aerosols and use of ionosphere heating. By turning California into a desert, its citizens will be at the mercy of the government to supply food they can no longer provide for themselves, leaving the government in total control of the population.
Proponents of the theory are even going as far as to say that there is no natural weather anymore. They believe that continued geo-engineering has caused the planet's natural climate system to stop functioning. Now, the geo-engineers are simply making up weather patterns as they go along, hurtling America into a state of weather warfare.
5 Solar Radiation Management
Solar radiation management (SRM) is a group of methods to reduce radiation from the sun in the environment by spraying radiation-reflecting chemicals into the atmosphere. The Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has issued statements regarding the importance of SRM in fending off global warming, but conspiracy theorists are far from convinced. These statements are merely an attempt to placate the population while using this form of weather modification for sinister purposes, they insist.
Touting SRM as a solution to global warming is seen as a push for geo-engineering funding, chiefly because the people promoting the techniques have also asserted that the phenomenon perceived by some to be chemtrails, another popular conspiracy theory, is actually SRM in action.
4 Operation Stormfury
Operation Stormfury was conceived for a noble purpose, or so it seemed. The project was meant to reduce the damage caused by hurricanes by reducing their wind speed. The operation ran from 1962–1983 and involved creating artificial convection just outside the eye of the storm with silver iodide seeding. The iodide created a new eye wall, which would close the original eye of the storm, reducing its intensity. This process was tested with four hurricanes and showed promising results. At one point, hurricane wind speed was reduced by up to 30 percent.
However, the results of the operation have been called into question. It was proven that unmodified hurricanes didn't contain enough supercooled water for cloud seeding to have the desired effect. Critics concluded that the original results of modification couldn't be trusted, as no positive differentiation was made between modified hurricanes and natural ones.
Conspiracy theories abound that the US military simply wanted to see if they could control hurricanes to their advantage. Under the guise of “wanting to increase protection and lessen damage caused by these storms,” the military could experiment to their hearts' content.
3 Europe Is ‘Stealing Rain' From Iran
Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is convinced that Europe is using special technology to drain rain clouds over Iran and cause it to rain over Europe instead. He accused Western countries of conspiring to cause droughts in marked areas, including Iran. Ironically, just after he made this statement during an inauguration ceremony, it started raining.
Ahmadinejad is known to be a conspiracy theorist, and many regard him as a lunatic. However, considering all the other theories about weather modification, his claims don't seem that far-fetched. He went on to claim that an unidentified politician predicted in an article that there would be droughts in Iran, Turkey, and surrounding areas for the next 30 years. Most have brushed him off as a rambling maniac, but what if there is some truth to his words?
2 Chemtrails
If you were to believe various conspiracy theories, airplane contrails that disperse slowly are actually what's known as “chemtrails.” Rather than harmless vapor, chemtrails are said to be chemicals sprayed into the atmosphere by government institutions.
Widespread suspicion about chemtrails really took off in the '90s, after the US Air Force published a paper about their research on weather modification. When cloud-seeding was used at the Beijing Olympic Games as an effort to reduce the terrible air pollution problem, conspiracy has it that its real purpose was to get rid of threatening rain clouds before the games began. Other popular theories include weather modification being used to control the population, curb global warming, and divert public attention from the testing of military weapons.
Governments are sticking to their guns on the topic on chemtrails. They insist that all visible vapor lines in the air are just contrails, no matter how long it takes to disperse. The worst thing about the chemtrails conspiracy is that it distracts from the real danger of contrails caused by aircraft, which is that they may contribute to global warming.
1 HAARP
At the center of most weather modification conspiracies is the High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP). This military research organization is thought to be a secret weapon in weather modification schemes. Considering that HAARP really does exist and its purpose really does include weather-related research, it has become difficult to separate the conspiracy from what could be the truth.
A CBC documentary probably said it best with this quote: “It isn't just conspiracy theorists who are concerned about HAARP. In January of 1999, the European Union called the project a global concern and passed a resolution calling for more information on its health and environmental risks. Despite those concerns, officials at HAARP insist the project is nothing more sinister than a radio science research facility.”
Naturally, HAARP itself denies any sinister agenda, but that doesn't make them any less suspicious when it comes to weather warfare conspiracies. Even the appearance of its Alaska facility gives way to conspiracy theories. Outside is a mass of antennae that forms a geometric pattern, and barbed wire ensures that the public doesn't get to see any further than this bizarre spectacle. The antennae are even the subject of their own conspiracy theory: Some believe they could be responsible for earthquakes such as the massive 8.9 quake that struck Japan in 2011. It is thought that focusing the antennae on a specific point in the ionosphere long enough can cause it to pull away and then snap back into place with so much force that it can cause earthquakes.
HAARP has been blamed for Hurricanes Katrina, Sandy, Wilma, and Rita. It has even been said that the organization is actively practicing mind control on American citizens with shortwave radio signals.
I'm a wannabe fiction writer who has a fascination with all things creepy and spooky.
In 2015 we first announced Aurelia, a modern frontend framework with an emphasis on convention over configuration, web standards and productivity. Aurelia provides the core capabilities you need to build apps, such as templating, binding, an application model, routing and dependency injection. We've also created tons of plugins for http, i18n, validation, etc. and partnered with various community groups to build even more. However, there's always been something missing. Today we're introducing Aurelia UX , a completely free, open source user experience framework with higher-level capabilities, designed to bring simplicity and elegance to building cross-device, rich experiences.
What is a User Experience Framework?
While a front-end framework deals mostly with the software design of your application, a user experience framework deals mostly with the UI/UX design of your application. Concretely, this plays out in several important ways with Aurelia UX:
Hosts, Platforms and Design Languages
Aurelia UX has the notion of different hosts, platforms and how certain platforms are associated with a particular design language, built-in. These are core concepts within Aurelia UX and they're modeled explicitly. Here's what we are supporting at the beginning:
Hosts
Web
Cordova
Electron
Platforms
Web
iOS
Android
Design Languages
Material Design
iOS Design
Styling, Palettes and Theming
Design languages are comprised of various styles and UX metaphors. Therefore, at the core of Aurelia UX, we have a powerful new styling system. The styling system allows you to encapsulate styles within a component, so they don't leak out into the rest of your app or other components. That's a lot like what Shadow DOM provides but Shadow DOM doesn't let you share styles. Aurelia UX's style system does. Of course that's not all it does. It lets you use databinding directly inside your CSS files as well. In fact, if you want, you can have a dedicated "style-model" for your CSS similar to the way you have a "view-model" for your HTML. Here's what the style system provides today:
Style Encapsulation
Style Sharing
Databinding in Styles
Optional "Style Models"
Automatic CSS runtime variables for platform, design language and color swatches.
Programmable media queries. (Use arbitrary bindings to turn styles on/off).
Loading of different CSS based on the design language.
As mentioned above, all UX styles have access to information about the current platform and design language. That means they have access to all the variables defined by the design language, including the color palette. Additionally, styles have access to a series of color swatches based on Material Design color theory. Yes, Aurelia UX has color theory built-in. And, if you build components with this style system, you can have your component's "style model" defined globally as well as create named variants (scoped at any level of the view or DI hierarchy) or bind style overrides on a per-component basis using the UX theming engine.
Components and Data Visualization
Aurelia UX will come with a core set of components for the UI scenarios that are most commonly required in modern apps. This means things like buttons, input controls, sliders, lists, cards, etc. We'll expand this library over time and ultimately hope to include data visualization as well as complex controls such as a data grid.
Interaction, Movement and Flow
Building an engaging user experience means you have to not only concern yourself with styles and components, but also with user interaction metaphors, information flow and movement within the app. All these things come together to create a great experience. To complete the picture, Aurelia UX will build on top of its components and add these higher-level features.
Last week, Vassar College filed its answer to former student Peter Yu's Title IX complaint against the school for allegedly expelling him without a fair hearing. As KC Johnson noted yesterday in an article forMinding the Campus, Vassar remains secretive about the procedures of its Interpersonal Violence Panel (IVP), the members of which served as the fact-finders for student Mary Claire Walker's sexual assault case against Yu. I am not sure why student disciplinary procedural rules at Vassar or at any college should ever be secret, but Vassar's reply does illuminate a few notable facts:
Vassar's reply does (inadvertently, perhaps) leak one element of IVP procedures—that either party can object to having a student be part of the disciplinary panel. Yu wanted a student. Walker didn't. And even though Walker's father is a professor at the college, the college bowed to her wishes, subject only to a claim that no professors from the father of the accuser's department was on the panel. Vassar thus admitted that Yu was denied the opportunity to be judged by a jury consisting even partly of his peers. What's notable, moreover, is what Vassar doesn't admit—it did not claim that the faculty members who deemed Yu a rapist didn't know Walker's father, or didn't serve on college committees with Walker's father, or hadn't encountered Walker's father at social or professional events on campus. Instead, it suggests that there's no problem with a procedure that allows an accuser to request a panel that consists solely of her father's colleagues, as long as members of the specific department in which the father teaches aren't part of the panel.
Despite these circumstances, Vassar stated: “Vassar's actions were justified by legitimate, non-discriminatory reasons.” The college flatly denied the worrying allegations that cast doubt on this assertion, including claims that IVP found Yu responsible despite a lack of evidence against him and without allowing a proper cross-examination of his accuser. As the complaint alleges:
Some of the torturers themselves
(see also
; see also
,
,
, and finally
). Of course, the U.S. has now admitted waterboarding, and admitted that it is illegal.
The War Crimes Act of 1996, a federal statute set forth at 18 U.S.C. § 2441 , makes it a federal crime for any U.S. national, whether military or civilian, to violate the Geneva Convention by engaging in murder, torture, or inhuman treatment.The statute applies not only to those who carry out the acts, but also to those who ORDER IT, know about it, or fail to take steps to stop it. The statute applies to everyone, no matter how high and mighty 18 U.S.C. § 2441 has no statute of limitations, which means that a war crimes complaint can be filed at any time.The penalty may be life imprisonment or -- ifprisoner dies due to torture -- death. Given that there are numerous, documented cases of prisoners being tortured to death by U.S. soldiers in both Iraq and Afghanistan (see for example this report ), that means that the death penalty would be appropriate for anyone found guilty of carrying out, ordering, or sanctioning such conduct.The general in charge of the notorious Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq stated this week that Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and other top administration officials ORDERED that inhuman treatment and torture be conducted as part of a deliberate strategy . This confirms what the Pullitzer prize-winning reporter who uncovered the Iraq prison torture scandal and the Mai Lai massacre in Vietnam previously wrote Indeed, an FBI email declassified in December 2004 states that Bush signed an Executive Order authorizing torture here is the list of documents obtained through freedom of information act request , and take a close look, for example, at this one, which mentions the "executive order" ).An expert on Constitutional law said that only Bush could have authorized the torture which has occurred. It has also recently come out that, even after the torture at Abu Ghraib hit the news, torture still continues at that prison and, indeed, the U.S. is still torturing people worldwide. Even to the casual observer, it is obvious that the administration has no plans to stop, but has instead been working tirelessly to make it easier to carry out torture in the future. Let's recap. We now know that torture in Iraq was ordered by top officials, and that torture is continuing, notwithstanding the administration's claims that it was only "a couple of bad apples" that were responsible for Abu Ghraib. Making a potential prosecutor's job easier, U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales wrote a memo in January 2002 to President Bush saying that America should opt out of the Geneva Convention because top officials have to worry about prosecutions under 18 U.S.C. § 2441. By attempting to sidestep the Geneva Convention, Gonzales created a document trail that can be used to prove that top administration officialscreated a policy of torturing prisoners, and that such a policy could reasonably have been expected to result in the death of some prisoners.The U.S. did opt out of the Geneva Convention for the Afghanistan war, but. Indeed, President Bush has repeatedly stated that Geneva applies in Iraq (although he has since claimed that foreign fighters captured in Iraq are not covered). Thus, there would be very little room for fancy footwork by defense lawyers in a prosecution against top officials concerning torture in Iraq.And to the extent that claims that the U.S. has sent prisoners to other countries for the express purpose of being tortured are true, violation of the war crimes act by the highest officials of our country would be even clearer. For who else but Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld and other top officials would have the ability to authorize such flights? How could such a program be undertaken without their knowledge? And how could such a program be anything but the"ordering" of torture, or at least "knowing about it" and "failing to take steps to stop it"?The Abu Ghraib general's recent statements about torture coming from the top and the existence of the "ghost flights" are important pieces of evidence for convicting Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Gonzales, and a host of other top administration officials for violation of the War Crimes Act of 1996. Upon conviction, they could be sentenced to life in prison, or even death.Additionally, violation of the war crimes act almost certainly constitutes a "high crime or misdemeanor" which would allow impeachment of such officials.
Republican presidential candidate U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) visits King's Christian Bookstore on January 4, 2016 in Boone, Iowa. Photo by Aaron P. Bernstein/Getty Images
Unless he himself becomes president, Donald Trump should serve in the next administration as Special Envoy for Getting People to Dig Up Birth Certificates for Public Consumption, because he's hella good at it. His speculation about Obama's birthplace prompted the President to release his long-form birth certificate in 2011. And now, after only a few days of muttering about Cruz's eligibility to become president, he's prompted Cruz to release… his mother's?
Wait, it makes sense.
As best we can tell there are two main strands of Cruz birtherism. One is that the Supreme Court has never directly ruled on the meaning of the Constitution's “natural born citizen” requirement. Even though it is understood by experts to mean “U.S. citizen at birth,” as Cruz was, some opportunistic critics, such as Trump, have been warning about the phrase's not-totally-determined meaning and how that could open the door to distracting legal cases if Cruz becomes the nominee.
The other is that maybe Cruz was not a U.S. citizen at birth, because his mother did not meet the requirements for transmitting citizenship to her child. As we wrote yesterday, “Those born abroad between 1952 and 1986 earned U.S. citizenship at birth if their parents were married and one parent was a U.S. citizen who spent 10 years in the United States with five of those coming after age 14. Cruz's parents were married, and his mother meets the citizenship requirements.” This gives Cruz birthers another person's life to inspect: that of Eleanor Cruz, the senator's mother. Democratic congressman Alan Grayson (yes, there are Democratic Cruz birthers) has said that the eligibility suit he's supposedly prepping against Cruz would focus on Eleanor. As U.S. News reported this week:
Grayson says Cruz may have forfeited her U.S. citizenship by taking a Canadian oath of citizenship, and that he's seen no evidence she actually was born in the U.S.
Cruz's mother “may have elected to give up her U.S. citizenship – she wasn't there on a visitor's visa for five years, that's for sure,” he says.
Grayson says “if his mother, who clearly worked in Canada for years and years, did so while becoming a Canadian citizen and taking an oath, which is how you do it in Canada, she lost her citizenship by U.S. law, specifically Section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act.”
On Friday, Breitbart News, which likes Ted Cruz but maybe likes Donald Trump a lil' bit more, posted a document from 1974 that listed Eleanor and Rafael Cruz as “electors for Canada's federal election of July 8, 1974.” Since “Canadian law restricts (and restricted) federal voting rights to Canadian citizens,” the thinking goes, the document might imply that Eleanor Cruz was a Canadian citizen who therefore had lost her American citizenship, thus making Ted Cruz an EVIL CANADIAN DEVIL BABY. The Cruz campaign said that the list “does not purport to be a list of ‘registered Canadian voters.' All this might conceivably establish is that this list of individuals (maybe) lived at the given addresses. It says nothing about who was a citizen eligible to vote.” The campaign explained that Eleanor only ever resided in Canada on work permits and never had permanent status or citizenship there.
And so for good measure, the Cruz campaign sent to Breitbart this copy of Eleanor's birth certificate Friday afternoon.
Two clear problems with this birth certificate immediately come to mind.
• “Delaware” is not a Canadian state.
• This is not a Canadian birth certificate.
Okay, okay. There are more gaps for Cruz birthers to investigate if they so choose to do so, and they always choose to do so. How many years did Eleanor spend in America? How many after age fourteen? Why does the letter “a” on some line have a different pixel quantity in the upload than another “a,” or whatever? It can go on forever.
8:07pm: Tejada will earn at a $1.35MM annual rate if he plays in the majors, Jon Heyman of Fan Rag tweets.
11:17am: The Yankees have agreed to a minor league contract with free-agent infielder Ruben Tejada, agent Peter Greenberg confirmed to ESPN's Jerry Crasnick (Twitter link). He'll be invited to Major League Spring Training. Last week, the New York Post's George A. King III reported that the Yankees were interested in Tejada.
[Related: Updated New York Yankees Depth Chart]
Tejada, 27, has spent the vast majority of his career in the other New York organization, but the Mets cut him loose last Spring Training, after which he went on to play with the Cardinals and the Giants. Tejada opened the year as the Cardinals' shortstop but suffered a hamstring injury almost immediately, which opened the door for Aledmys Diaz to break out and cement himself in that role. With little need for Tejada following Diaz's breakout, the Cardinals cut him loose in early June.
When healthy, Tejada struggled at the dish, batting a mere .167/.247/.242 in 78 plate appearances. However, he has a track record as a passable offensive contributor relative to his positional peers, as from 2011-15 he slashed .261/.333/.328. Tejada has experience at both middle infield positions and third base, so he'll come to camp with the Yankees as a depth option in competition for a bench role behind starters Starlin Castro (second base), Didi Gregorius (shortstop) and Chase Headley (third base).
TOKYO — Japan's economy grew more strongly than expected in the second quarter, extending the longest streak of uninterrupted growth in 11 years, government data showed on Monday.
And the really good news: Much of the growth was local.
Japan's government has been trying to spur the economy with a stimulus program known as Abenomics, after Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The strategy has helped Japan's exporters but has done little to increase domestic income or spending.
That may be changing.
Spending by Japanese consumers and businesses contributed more to the latest expansion than trade with the rest of the world did, the data showed, in a positive sign for the outlook of the world's third largest economy, after the United States and China.
What Happened?
Japanese gross domestic product increased by 4 percent in annualized terms in the three months through June, the government's Cabinet Office said in a preliminary estimate on Monday. The economy has now expanded for six consecutive quarters, the first time it has gone that long without a contraction since the 2005-6 period.
Market demands bigger apartments
Portland market saturated with empty studios; family-size rentals slow to come online
In Portland, 75 percent of market-rate apartments built between 2012-2017 are studios or one-bedrooms. There's a disparity between that and what the market demands as Millennials, the new largest generation, begin to start families — and want two- or three-bedroom residences.
Emily Anderer, the CoStar analyst who specializes in the Portland market, tracked 104 new buildings with five or more market-rate rental units that have been built since 2013, and found that 17 percent of units are two-bedroom; 5 percent are three-bedroom and zero apartment rentals have four bedrooms.
"I can tell you I pulled vacancy data going back for the past 10 years, broken out by how many bedrooms are in a unit," Anderer told the Business Tribune. "In the last two years, vacancy rates for studios has shot up from about 5.5 percent to 9 percent. That jump was the biggest for studio units: vacancy is tightest right now in two- and three-bedroom apartments, it's just over 5 percent."
CoStar conducts research on commercial real estate across the nation and in the U.K., and has more than $1 billion invested in research platforms and operations for its database.
Room vs. amenities
Portland's current housing stock includes 43 percent two-bedroom apartments and 8 percent three-bedroom.
"That's 51 percent of all available inventory," Anderer said. "Delivered since 2013, it's more like 17 percent are two-bedroom apartments. This is more recent in terms of what's happening with apartments right now."
Jared Kadry is a CoStar analyst who also specializes in the Portland market.
"It definitely has a lot to do with penciling out for the developer," Kadry said. "When you look at studios, which command a much higher rent per square foot — oftentimes in Portland more than $3 a square foot — that'll definitely pencil out better for the developer (than multi-bedroom rentals)."
The demand for small units is thought to come from Millennials who haven't settled down yet, and tech employees who don't require a lot of space. CoStar found it's a nation-wide trend in urban cores, and it applies to Portland.
"One of the trends we've noticed in Portland, especially downtown and in the Pearl and places like that, you get a lot of people — especially these tech employees or other employees that move from other states saying, 'Oh, I want to live downtown because that's what I did in my previous city,'" Kadry said. "They see nice high-end apartments, but the turnaround is really high because they find out it's nicer to live east of the river where it's walkable and you can get a discount."
Anderer also looked into types of amenities residential rental buildings are offering, and saw that pets are given preferential treatment over children — aiming for people in a certain stage of life (either before or after raising kids).
"Within our Portland system we've got 434 apartment buildings with on-site playgrounds and seven buildings with on-site daycares," Anderer said. "But with properties that have been delivered within the past five years, only 14 buildings had playgrounds and none had daycares — and what I thought was especially interesting, I looked at amenities related to pet owners and there were more apartments in our system for pets than we have specifically for children."
She found 22 apartments offering pet daycare, a pet play area or a pet washing area — almost twice the number that had playgrounds for children.
"It reaffirms my theory that people care more about their pets than their kids... I kid with people that pets get treated better than kids," Kadry joked — but for real.
Wages and renters
In the Portland metro area, the median household income is $64,000 and 39 percent of households are renters.
"Right now, the median price of a single-family residence is $314,000, and in 2012 the first time since the recession happened the home price growth rate jumped over the rent growth rate and it's been that way since 2012 until now," Anderer said. "So basically, the prices of single-family residences are increasing more rapidly than prices of market-rate apartments, but incomes are also going up by a bunch — 32 percent in the last five years (in the metro area) — so available housing to buy is getting more expensive more quickly than housing available to rent, but incomes are increasing."
The CoStar forecast shows vacancies tighter than the national average, but near-term supply pressures exist, which could weigh on vacancies in the short term. Most of Portland's available supply is in Northeast and Southeast, which are both seeing a spike in vacancies — a number of new, high-end apartment buildings are offering one or two months of free rent to entice people to live there.
"Concessions, like Park (Avenue) West offering up to three months at one point, buildings like that which are basically the highest-end building you can think of, Portland wasn't used to beforehand," Kadry said. "That's been a huge trend. That spike in vacancies for studios is attributable to turnover amidst the heaviest supply wave we've seen in Portland."
Park Avenue West, completed last year and located at 750 S.W. Ninth Ave., boasts soaring ceilings, floor-to-ceiling glass windows, stainless appliances, quartz countertops, energy-saving fixtures and a pet-friendly community. It has 15 floors of apartments beneath 13 floors of commercial offices, all above a two-floor retail base.
Its 572 square foot studios are renting for between $1,701-$2,938 a month. It does offer two-bedroom units up to 1,407 square feet — for between $4,040-$5,172 a month. Its website lists 24 vacancies from studios to two-bedrooms out of a total of 85 units, and also advertises "new low pricing on select units."
"I toured NV when it opened, they were telling me about their leasing activity and I had just come from Seattle — it's just a world of difference, but a beautiful building," Kadry said.
The NV also offers one- and two-bedroom units, townhomes and penthouses, boasting tiled bathrooms and wood grain flooring, stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, glass subway tile back splashes, energy efficient washers and dryers and pendant lighting.
The NV's one-bedroom plus a den, a unit that measures 672 square feet, is renting for $2,000 a month. The 930-square foot, one-bedroom townhomes are renting for $2,645. Its website shows 37 vacancies, out of 284 units.
Over the next year, CoStar expects the vacancies to increase.
"Most of the development has been kind of targeted toward higher-income individuals," Kadry said. "Portland is a little bit of an anomaly. I use Seattle a lot as an example ... when you have a lot of this product, you wouldn't have high-end product filling up quickly just because there's such a wide gap of people there. That's been the case in most cities they're targeting."
Another factor is tech employees who don't make as much as tech sectors in more expensive cities — Portland has many startups and has seen a slowdown in venture capital funds.
"One of the things we've seen in Portland is the tech sector definitely has a bulk of the high-paying jobs, but compared to other cities the tech salaries aren't as high — compared to Seattle and the Bay Area," Kadry said. "Developers are revising their strategies, which is why we're seeing a lot more supply in Northeast and Southeast Portland where it's a little more feasible to target that demographic."
Maybe Portland developers should start to build more medium-sized housing, in modest-priced townhomes or other mid-density styles. After all, that's what the Millennial market demands these days.
By Jules Rogers
Reporter, The Business Tribune
971-204-7875
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Follow Jules on Twitter
Visit the Business Tribune on Facebook and Instagram
Subscribe to our E-News
...
...
...
A few weeks ago, we announced the first public beta of stack, a new build tool for Haskell. Since then we've seen a huge amount of work on stack: code contributions, feature requests, bug reports, and design discussions. In other words, the response we've had from the community has been amazing. Thank you for helping us push forward with improved Haskell tooling.
Today we're announcing a new milestone: we believe that stack is now stable enough to be the standard build tool for most Haskell development. We're taking the beta label off of stack, and recommending people dive in. Please keep in mind that stack is still young software, and there are likely corner cases that haven't been worked out fully. However, the feedback we've received from other users has indicated that stack is ready. The stack team itself (both inside and outside of FP Complete) has been using stack for months now as its primary tool. And at FP Complete, we've already moved our biggest projects over to it.
Relevant links:
One question which I've personally held off on addressing until now is a direct comparison between stack and other build tools, cabal being the most obvious comparison. Expect a blog post on the subject in the near future. For now, my recommendation is: try out stack, and see if you like it.
Bringing Haskell to the masses
While stack started with the needs of existing Commercial Haskell users, the goal we've always had in mind for it is a tool that lowers the barrier to entry for non-Haskellers. As we've discussed before, FP Complete has done quite a bit of research on this topic, and the data shows that build tool issues have been an obstacle to adoption. We want stack to solve that, and we want your help.
Firstly: keep doing what you've been doing! Using stack, testing it, providing feedback, reporting bugs; all of these make stack better for both our existing community and for newcomers. But the next step is marketing Haskell outside of our community. All of us Haskellers already know how wonderful a language Haskell is. Let's send a clear message to the rest of the world that it's time they try Haskell. stack's aim is to remove those initial barriers. But now we need to tell people what Haskell has to offer.
If you're interested in getting involved in this kind of push, please join and discuss on the Commercial Haskell mailing list. There's no preexisting formula for how this should be done. But the basic idea I have right now is:
Give users a clear message on how to get up and running with Haskell based on stack
Give a good example of a strength Haskell has
Make it easy for people to play around with the concept with some sample code
I'm sure others will have better ideas than I on how to accomplish this. If you want to see Haskell take off as not only a successful, powerful language (which it is now), but as a more popular language too, come get involved!
Submitted to It's Going Down
On Sunday, January 22nd, the rain greeted us upon our arrival in the Fraser Valley, a sobering reminder how racism precipitates the everyday. 200+ people of different creeds shared the same determination to fight, stand up for what's right and organise to resist the KKK. The diversity present congealed into a collective spirit. Consciousness serves us best when there are others to relate ours to, as it so often seems. The intersections, and the margins whose outlines we walk amid, brighten these inner senses; to where, we have yet to see.
Vancouver Antifa was present to provide security for this Coalition Against Bigotry demonstration and to stand united with the Sikh community and organisers.
About an hour drive from downtown Vancouver, people gathered inside the Khalsa Diwan Society Sikh Temple (built in 1911) and listened to community organisers talk about the long-lasting resistance to white supremacy. During the open mic, several elders spoke including several Hindu, Sikh, and Muslim South Asian speakers (half of whom were women). People of Canadian European settler descent, an indigenous woman, and a Chinese queer man also spoke. Afterwards, we crossed the road from the Heritage temple to the newer temple for a meal.
The Soldiers of Odin had their Vernon and Kelowna chapters in Vancouver this weekend, to vet their recruits and to look for more members.
Today's community demonstration against the Ku-Klux-Klan and their distribution of literature to residential areas was overall a success.
As we were about to begin eating, one older man thought that we were the KKK because we were in a bloc and had flags. “I'm too brown to be in the KKK,” was the response he got from Antifa.
The day before, on Saturday the 21st, two neo-Nazi posters were found on a bus stop in New Westminster – the first public distribution of literature in recent months to cross the Fraser River. The literature was spotted around 6th Street and 4th Avenue and featured the web address of a site that calls themselves the online headquarters for “Global Fascist Fraternity” and bears the slogan “Gas the k****, race war now, 1488 boots on the ground!” Two different posters were noticed, one saying “The key for a new Canada,” with the image of a swastika and the other depicting Nazi soldiers confronting men with Kalashnikovs and wearing Keffiyeh scarves, saying, “It's always going to be us vs. them. Join us before they stomp.”
An Anti-Fascist, Anti-NeoNazi rally is expected to be held on Sunday January 29th at 1pm on 8th & Columbia St.
Rated 2 out of 5 by Gerns from Uncomfortable defect dismissed by customer support I've been a lifelong Redwing customer, and have owned my first pair of Iron Rangers for about 11 months now. Unlike the other Redwings I've owned, I have never found them comfortable. I take excellent care of them and oil them regularly, but they have broken in in such a way that I don't want to continue wearing them. The double toe on them is much less flexible than the leather immediately behind it, causing all the bending of the boot to occur on the leather right behind the toe cap. This has created a deep crease in the leather (see attached picture) that presses in on my foot when I walk and causes sores on the top of my foot. When I took them into a Redwing store, the manager insisted that this wasn't uncommon and suggested buying a $70 cedar shoe tree to reshape the leather. I didn't think it was appropriate to have to spend that much after buying a $320 shoe to make them comfortable, so I went online and found a $30 pair of trees. These did not change the shape, fit or comfort of the shoe after a few weeks of use. At this point, I don't think I can wear the boots anymore. I'm disappointed that a shoe this price would cause me this much discomfort and that Redwing won't stand by its product. I will give the boot two stars to acknowledge the fact that the boots are well-crafted, but I will probably end up donating my current pair in hopes that someone else can make use of them. And I certainly can't see myself continuing to be a Redwing customer or advocate in the future after about 30 years of wearing them.
Rated 5 out of 5 by wmack from Buy Them I worked around the clock to find a boot of equal reputation, quality and style. Man, this thing so handsome I look at my pics of it when I am away from the boot.
Rated 2 out of 5 by QualityControl from Still having problems If you can find a pair that are the same height, same construction, and same feel, GO FOR IT! I have the utmost confidence that these boots will last many many years and treat you well. I have not had the opportunity yet to get that far. I purchased a pair in January 2019. The construction was off by a wide margin between the two boots. One's out sole and heel laid flat across the ground and the other had a raised ridge between the leather and the sole at the forward part of the heel. This caused a rocking motion where the back of the heel and the forward part of the sole did not align. very painful. Thought that this was a one off manufacturing defect. sent them back to RedWingShoes (Very nice and helpful customer service). After 2 1/2 weeks (a very reasonable amount of time) i received a replacement pair. Brand new. Still on board with this company! YAY! But, after trying on this pair, it has a similar problem. One boot lays flush to the ground. comfortable. ready to be broken in (I have broken in many boots). The other has a raised area as if the material between the heel out sole and the heel pad isn't shaped properly. Also, when looking at the boots side by side, one boot is almost half an inch taller at the upper portion of the top by my calf muscle.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Redwingfan1 from Perfect fit right out of the box! I went half a size down on this model from what I normally wear and the boots fit like a glove. Perfect arch support, comfortable, plenty of wiggle room. Top quality materials and old fashion craftsmanship. Doesn't get any better than this!
Rated 5 out of 5 by Bcm1981 from The Perfect Boot I've only had these boots for about two weeks now and I have to say they are the best boots I have ever worn. First day was a little tight but by the second day, no issues. They are more comfortable than my sneakers but I have always loved wearing boots. I am already trying to decide which boots that I want next. I will never buy another brand of boots.
Rated 5 out of 5 by 4Runner44 from Fantastic Boots Let me start by saying that I love these boots. They look great and are super comfortable once you break them in. When I first got them, I wore them for a week straight and they formed perfectly to my feet. These boots do run big. I normally wear an 11 however, I purchased a 10 EE and they fit perfectly. The one complaint that I have about these boots is the sole. They are super slippery when walking around in snow or on ice. I also have a pair of the work chukkas and they offer more grip than the mini lug on these boots. If you purchase these just be aware that you will slide around when walking in these conditions. Irregardless of this feature these are still fantastic boots and I would definitely purchase another pair.
Rated 3 out of 5 by Matt12 from Not For High Arches Beautiful boots that are built like tanks and the quality is top notch. Unfortunately they are too uncomfortable for me to walk in. I have high arched feet which means there is more pressure when you walk on your heel and forefoot. Even after break in boots the boots hurt to walk in. It feels like my heel and forefoot are being slammed on concrete. The Red Wing insoles were not much of a help. I have many different types of boots and am used to breaking in boots so it's not an issue of being used to wearing sneakers. A comfort package with insoles and a leather liner would be helpful for people with my issue. Otherwise great boots just not too uncomfortable for me to wear.
Real Madrid legend and B team coach Zinedine Zidane has stressed that his club will not consider selling Gareth Bale to Manchester United or any other side this summer.
Bale, who joined Real Madrid for 86 million pounds from Tottenham in 2013, has been linked with a transfer to Old Trafford in recent weeks, with the Spanish club's apparent interest in a move for United keeper David De Gea sparking suggestions of a swap deal involving the two players.
United were reported to have made a late bid to sign Bale in the days before his move for a for record fee, but his desire to wear the white shirt of the Spanish capital city club ensured he moved away from the Premier League and relocated in Madrid.
After a thrilling end to his first season at Real Madrid saw Bale score the winning goal in the Copa Del Rey final and the crucial second goal in extra time of the Champions League final against Atletico Madrid last May, his perceived dip in form at Real Madrid this season has seen sections of the club's supporters turn against the 25-year-old.
Real Madrid will not listen to any offers for Gareth Bale, says Real Madrid Castilla coach Zinedine Zidane.
Despite that, the Welshman retains the faith of the key decision makers with the La Liga club, with Real Madrid president Florentino Perez making it clear that he will not consider selling Bale this summer and now Zidane has entered the debate, stating in no uncertain terms that United will fail in any attempt to sign the attacking star who has scored 13 La Liga goals this season.
"Real Madrid buy the best players in the world. They don't sell them," said Zidane, in quotes appearing in the Daily Mirror.
"Of course other clubs will be interested in him, he would improve any squad in the world, but the president has said he is not for sale and that is because he is not for sale. That will be the answer to Manchester United or any other club that asks the question.
"He was a big part of our success last season especially in the Champions League, and as we look to defend our title I am sure he will play a successful part again."
Bale is in the Real Madrid squad for their Champions League quarterfinal against Atletico Madrid on Tuesday, as he looks to recover from a foot problem that has restricted him in recent weeks to take part in a fixture that could define the season for coach Carlo Ancelotti and his team.
BCE Inc.'s wireless division once more outshone its traditional wired business in financial results released Thursday, but chief executive officer George Cope said the telecom giant's most critical play this quarter was launching a new television product targeted at cord cutters and ‘cord nevers.'
Alt TV, a live TV streaming service available to Bell internet subscribers that's cheaper than typical packages since it requires no set-top box or installation, launched in May and has been immaterial to results thus far, Cope told analysts on a conference call. But he said he expects growth in products like it as more consumers stream content via over-the-top apps.
“Strategically, I think it's the most important thing we did in the quarter,” Cope said in an interview.
“We think that's obviously going to be quite important going forward because there's a viewership market there we have not been participating in and it's growing.”
His comments come after Canada's broadcast regulator released numbers that found fewer customers cancelled their TV subscriptions in 2016 compared to 2015. While the total number of TV subscribers remained relatively flat at 11.1 million, the number of households grew to 14.1 million, according to census data. This indicates fewer households are signing up for TV subscriptions in the first place, even if more consumers are sticking to their packages.
It's that market – people who otherwise wouldn't buy a TV package and are happy to rely on streaming video on the internet – that Bell wants to reach. Telus Corp. has a similar product, and Cope said he expects cable competitors to follow suit.
“We've got to have all content available and then let the consumer select, that is absolutely where the market is and where we have to be,” he said, adding that Bell includes Netflix in its IPTV ecosystem and will add YouTube later this month.
That's part of the reason Bell is “aggressively” building its fibre network with ultra-fast internet speeds, he said. Cope drew a parallel to the growth in wireless – mobile internet usage was up 26 per cent year over year – after Bell built a faster network.
Bell reported that it's ahead of schedule in building fibre-to-the-home connections, which offer speeds that Bell's cable rivals are able to offer across their entire footprints with less capital investment. Bell expects to connect 100,000 more premises than anticipated by year-end for a total of 3.7 million homes and businesses.
“We expect stronger internet additions particularly as our fibre rolls out,” Cope told analysts.
Where Bell already has fibre, Cope said it added 17,000 new internet customers and “literally had no (telephone line) losses.”
“It's really quite interesting what the power of that is,” he said.
Still, Bell lost 13,000 television subscribers and only added 1,000 internet customers in the three months ending June 30. Churn increased in areas where Bell has yet to build fibre connections, places where its top competitor Rogers Communications Inc. has been aggressively promoting its internet speeds.
It added 89,000 postpaid wireless subscribers, beating analysts' expectations of 70,000. Average revenue per user increased by 4.6 per cent to $67.28 per month and churn, the number of customers leaving the company, dropped to an 11-year low of 1.08 per cent.
Analysts were pleased with the impressive wireless numbers, but noted the weaker-than-expected broadband results.
Barclays analyst Phillip Huang noted to clients that the broadband results were “surprisingly weak” given Bell added about 200,000 new fibre-to-the-home connections this quarter.
“This is due to increased churn in areas where FTTH is not yet available from intensified cable bundle competition.”
“Wireless saves the day again,” Desjardins analyst Maher Yaghi noted to clients, adding it “continued to be a positive surprise” in terms of subscribers and revenue.
He believes Bell's focus on increasing its fibre footprint will be key to reversing negative trend in wireline subscribers.
“The company's FTTH program should help improve wireline results in 2018 when a large part of the Greater Toronto Area upgrade is completed,” he wrote.
2. Mensho Tokyo is one of Japan's most acclaimed ramen bars, focusing mainly on the most popular style of tonkotsu, a porky, rich, nearly opaque broth.
3. Its first expansion outside of Japan is right here in good old SF, which owner Tomoharu Shono said is "most suitable as a place to send culture of the ramen to."
4. Shono is really intense about ramen. "The ramen cook pours his love into the ramen. The customer is embraced and moved by that love. This is the definition of true ramen. Ramen is always bubbling with the love of all," he actually wrote in text that adorns the wall.
Regarding Ramen #ramen #ramencreator A photo posted by Tomoharu Shono (@menya_shono) on Jan 31, 2016 at 5:03pm PST
5. The shop, located in the Tenderloin at 676 Geary St, was originally expected to open in May, but, San Francisco.
6. The restaurant opened Saturday, February 6 with three styles of the soup: ramen (the style you're used to), tsukemen (noodles served separately) and mazesoba (brothless noodles). There are several types within each category, and there's even a vegan version.
7. Beyond the norm, Shono is known for his more unusual bowls, like the chocolate lamb version he's currently serving up in Tokyo. He's also been known to add foie gras and truffles as ingredients.
8. To say people are psyched is an understatement. Lines stretched to two hours long at the grand opening, and it's been mobbed ever since.
9. General consensus among Yelpers (yes, take it with a grain of salt) so far is that this is "the best ramen I've ever had." Except… it's also $18 a bowl.
10. Mensho Tokyo is open Tuesday through Sunday from 5 p.m. to 12 a.m., or, as they say, "until soup runs out."
This might give a whole new meaning to stuffing the ballot box.
As it stands now, when San Francisco voters get their guides for the June 3 election, the official opponent listed for Proposition B, a measure to limit high-rise development on the waterfront, will be none other than Jon Golinger.
That would be the same Jon Golinger who is the campaign manager and one of the main public faces for the “yes” side.
No, Golinger didn't have a sudden change of heart. Instead, he finds himself listed as the official opponent through a combination of official paralysis, an intimate understanding of the rules and what some called “Nixonian” trickery.
“Is that legal?” asked Mary Jung, the chairwoman of the San Francisco Democratic Party and a registered lobbyist for the San Francisco Association of Realtors. “That's insane.”
According to Department of Elections director John Arntz, it is legal. And, barring some kind of intervention, the official argument in the voter guide listed as against Proposition B will actually be in favor of the measure.
“Who really doesn't like B? Greedy real estate interests. Don't B fooled by them,” it reads.
Golinger, who is unapologetic, called it “a public service announcement from Jon Golinger.”
Unless “there is something that comes up that indicates this cannot happen, this is how it's going to stand,” Arntz said.
Here's how we got to this point.
If an elected official like Mayor Ed Lee or a member of the Board of Supervisors opposes a ballot measure, they can automatically become the official opponent listed in the voter guide and be responsible for the official argument against it.
But if there is no elected official in opposition, then registered voters can fill that role. The Department of Elections chooses at random one of the opposition arguments submitted, regardless of what it says, and that person and argument become the official opposition.
No elected official has publicly come out in opposition to Prop. B, which would require voter approval for any development on Port of San Francisco property to exceed existing height limits. Several public officials have questioned the measure privately, but no one seems to want to be the politician advocating for giving voters less say in city matters. That's not exactly a formula for getting more votes the next time one runs for office, is the conventional thinking.
That left wide open who would be Prop. B's official opponent. Of the 27 opposition arguments filed, at least 25 of those came from Golinger.
With those kinds of odds, he was a virtual lock to be chosen.
Golinger, who hand wrote the ballot arguments until his pen went dry, called opponents of the measure, which include the construction trade unions, the San Francisco Giants and development interests, “lazy or inept.”
“If they fail to follow the rules then they have no one to blame but themselves,” said Golinger. He described his tactic as “100 percent within the rules” and a smart move given the wealthy developers expected to oppose his grassroots group of limited-growth advocates, including the local branch of the Sierra Club.
Vince Courtney Sr., a long-time labor figure involved in San Francisco politics who dropped off at the Department of Elections one of the arguments actually opposing the measure, called Golinger's move “just unethical and an abuse of the process.”
“It may not be technical in violation of the law,” Courtney said, “but it's kind of sleazy.”
Matt Dorsey, a spokesman for City Attorney Dennis Herrera, said his office was looking into the matter.
— John Coté
“We would not do anything to adversely affect the security of the U.S. Embassy,” Mr. Akbaruddin said. “To suggest otherwise is unfair.”
There are 14 other Indian maids working for Indian diplomats in the United States, and India is negotiating over their status with the State Department. To India, these maids should be considered Indian government employees whose employment does not fall under American wage and hour laws.
A little-noticed aspect of the uproar has been India's unhappiness with American officials of Indian descent. The federal prosecutor on the case, Preet Bharara, is of Indian descent, as are many officials on the South Asia desk of the United States State Department.
India has a fraught relationship with members of its own diaspora. Commercials and Bollywood films often treat such people with mild contempt, and in the Khobragade case, Indian officials have said they believe that their counterparts in the United States treated India poorly in an excessive show of loyalty to the United States.
American officials quietly say they bent over backward to heal bruised feelings. On Dec. 19, Secretary of State John Kerry tried to get in touch with the Indian minister of external affairs, Salman Khurshid, but Mr. Khurshid did not take his call for reasons he has not explained. So Mr. Kerry called Shivshankar Menon, the Indian national security adviser, to express his “regret” over the matter.
Top Indian politicians instead demanded an official apology and a dismissal of all charges against Ms. Khobragade. On Dec. 20, Mr. Khurshid continued to express outrage over the affair and said he expected to hear from Mr. Kerry soon. But by then, American eagerness to resolve the impasse had evaporated. That same day, a deputy State Department spokeswoman said Mr. Kerry had not spoken to Mr. Khurshid and had no plans to do so.
India is seeking permission from the State Department to transfer Ms. Khobragade from the Indian Consulate, where she gets limited diplomatic immunity, to its United Nations mission, where her protection against prosecution would be far stronger. Indeed, Indian officials say Ms. Khobragade was consulting with her United Nations counterparts as early as last summer, which they say should give her immunity for the entire period.
It's a dream that few of us have dared to chase, but one man has successfully grown a human ear on his arm.
The project began back in 2006, but it took another decade for Perth university professor and artist Stelarc to find a medical team able to perform the procedure, reports ABC Australia.
They managed to insert an ear-shaped scaffold underneath his skin, and over the next six months tissue and blood vessels developed around it. Right now it looks pretty convincing, but there's more work to be done.
Listening. Always listening
Stelarc plans to have a miniature microphone inserted, which will wirelessly connect to the internet and allow people around the world to remotely listen. It's like a twisted version of Periscope.
People will also be able to track the location of the ear through GPS, says Stelarc. And there won't be an off switch.
"Increasingly now, people are becoming internet portals of experience," he said. "Imagine if I could hear with the ears of someone in New York, imagine if I at the same time could see with the eyes of someone in London."
Arists, eh?
Image credit: ABC
In Which I Hope We Did Not Just Witness the Birth of Dan Peterson's Successor
Ryan McKnight Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 25, 2017
This week I unexpectedly found myself in the middle of the weirdest, most immature internet feud I have ever been a part of. What started out as a sincere offer on my part to promote healthy dialogue quickly turned into one of the hosts of the video podcast 3 Mormons melting like a snowflake all over my Facebook page.
Last Thursday a post was made on Reddit linking to a YouTube video in which two young guys were trying to explain why there is nothing to get upset about in regards to past racial discrimination within the Mormon Church. The video was part of a production titled 3 Mormons, a video podcast that is professionally produced through the More Good Foundation (a private organization that receives significant funding from the Mormon Church).
Side note: I really don't care that they get funding from the Church but if you want to read more about that you can HERE.
Back to the video.
On one hand, I wanted to applaud the hosts for attempting to tackle such a touchy subject in this head on manner, but my praise was tempered by my disappointment in their complete misrepresentation of the critics' positions on the racist past of Mormonism. They spent the entire video rebutting a straw man.
At this point I was only vaguely familiar with this show so I watched a couple more of their videos. I thought these two guys (I have no idea where the third Mormon is) seemed open minded enough to want to have a conversation with me. So, I sent the show page on Facebook a PM.
I heard back from them within ten minutes telling me that they were not interested. Ok, that was fine. I figured maybe they don't do interviews. I went to their Facebook post where they posted the video in question and made the following comment.
I was not looking for a direct response from them, but I hoped it might make them consider doing a follow-up video.
Within minutes it was deleted and I was blocked from making additional comments on the page. Luckily I was trying to correct some spelling and grammar errors in the post when they deleted it and when the corrections did not save I realized what had happened and took a screen shot. I was genuinely shocked that they deleted the post. It was not mean or vulgar. I suppose it was critical, but it was meant to be constructive criticism.
Now, you might be stopping now and rolling your eyes at that. Heck, I am the founder of MormonLeaks. Isn't it my goal to burn down the Mormon Church and troll Mormons on the internet? No. I do not want to burn the church down, it can't be burned down. And even though I may occasionally make sarcastic comments on posts from apostles and apologists, it doesn't mean I am trying to troll everyone.
With 3 Mormons I legitimately thought they would be open to a discussion. I felt that their youth and all around progressive nature would lend itself to productive interactions like I have had with other young Mormons like Jaxon Washburn.
I decided to call them out of Facebook. I posted the screen shots of my deleted comment and accused them of being nothing more than a propaganda arm of the Mormon Church.
Several days after the original post, one of the hosts made a comment about how he thinks I am 52 (I am 36) and I am too old to be trolling a show that is made for high school students (I doubt that is true). He also accused me of making racists and homophobic comments about his show and that I had also made comments containing violent threats.
I was blown away. I have never made comments like that. In fact, I don't even think I had ever commented about their show until the comment that they deleted.
Anyway, myself and several others attempted to engage him and get him to discuss the issues at hand but, unfortunately, all he wanted to do was deflect with inane comments and Facebook gifs. Then, as often happens in these situations, he deleted his comment thread. Luckily the internet never dies…
I figured this would be the end of it, but the next day he came back! He replied to someone's comment on the thread and it again devolved into pointless drivel.
As I put my kids to bed last night and was cleaning up the kitchen my mind wandered to what had transpired. What was all that? Was it a waste of time? I am torn on it. On one hand, it feels childish to be even writing this. On the other hand, bad ideas need to be addressed and called out. Bad behavior as well.
I am not mad at Mr. El for having the meltdown and not wanting to have an adult conversation. I forgive him for his mocking of my age and subsequent fetal attempts to make light of the mockery by flippantly increasing my age with every comment. But I hope he realizes he was acting like a fool. I hope he does the right thing and apologize for falsely accusing me of making racist and homophobic comments. Either way I am willing to be the Christlike one in this episode and forgive him, for he knows not what he does. I realize that he thinks I am some sort of agent of Satan or I am someone obsessed with embarrassing the Church and its members.
I am not working for Lucifer and I don't want to embarrass anyone. I want to seek the truth. I want to force appropriate levels of transparency. I want to dialogue with people who can have a vigorous, respectful debate and then go out to dinner afterwards for a good time.
I think his preconceived notions and stereotypes that he has been fed during his time at BYU have clouded his judgment and I would like to think that the events of the past week do not reflect who Mr. El really is. Surely this kind of behavior is not in the future of Mormonism.
If I am wrong, and this is who he really is, then I guess Dan Peterson can retire knowing that his legacy will live on….
Ryan McKnight has a Master's Degree in Accounting from UNLV. He is a regulatory auditor for the government, an Adjunct Professor at the local Community College and the founder of MormonLeaks.io.
Shantae: Risky's Revenge Director's Cut Coming To Wii U Real Soon
By Chris Priestman . February 8, 2016 . 5:30pm
WayForward has announced that the second entry in the Shantae series, Risky's Revenge will be out for Wii U soon in a Kickstarter update.
“Shantae: Risky's Revenge Director's Cut is moving into submissions at Nintendo of America and Nintendo of Europe,” writes WayForward. “Now Wii U owners will be able to play the most popular Shantae game on the planet, with all of those fancy bonus features like the new Warp System, improved balancing, HD illustrations, and the infamous Magic Mode Costume!”
That wasn't all the news, either. WayForward also announced that the third entry in the series, Shantae and the Pirate's Curse, will be coming to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in North America and Europe this March (or, potentially, early April).
Imation's IronKey division has released a USB 3.0 flash drive from which users can directly boot up Windows 8. Aimed at businesses, the IronKey Workspace USB drive allows employees to telework from home, consultants and others to work in multiple locations, and field personnel to access their corporate desktops from virtually any PC.
IronKey's new USB is certified to use Windows To Go -- an enterprise feature of Windows 8 -- to deliver a fully portable desktop. Windows To Go can be booted up from a USB-connected external drive on PCs that meet the Windows 7 or Windows 8 certification requirements, regardless of the operating system running on the PC. While Imation doesn't promote this feature, users can also boot up this USB on any Intel-based Apple computer.
The Imation IronKey Workspace USB flash drive
A cool feature of Windows To Go is that it suspends the session when the USB device is removed from the host computer. Plug it back in and you can pick up where you left off, and no data is lost.
The IronKey Workspace drive comes in 32GB, 64GB and 128GB capacities. It offers either 128-bit or 256-bit full disk encryption. Users must purchase the Windows 8 software separately. Windows 8 requires 16GB of storage for the 32-bit version and 20GB of storage for the 64-bit version, so you might find yourself choosing a higher capacity drive right off the bat.
Nothing new
Bootable USB drives are nothing new. Kingston's DataTraveler Locker, Corsair's Flash Padlock 2 and even Imation's own Stealth Zone allow users to boot up from flash into a secure Windows 7 workspace. And you've always been able to install Windows onto some flash drives to boot up. The flash drive's firmware needs to identify itself as a bootable drive -- most don't, but some do.
Gary Gerber, a senior product marketing manager at IronKey, points out that unless a USB drive is Windows-certified, Microsoft won't support it. Then you have to consider that not every USB flash drive is made to take the workload that is required of this drive. NAND flash wears out fairly quickly without special firmware to extend its life.
"This thing is acting as your hard drive. Unlike a normal flash drive, where you might write and read a file to it now and then, you're constantly reading and writing to it," Gerber says. "In fact, this thing actually runs faster than a lot of internal hard drives. You can conceivably speed up your computer by using it."
The IronKey Workspace is also notably lacking the administrative management features that other Imation drives offer. For example, Imation delivers the ability for administrators to remotely control access to or delete data on its Stealth Zone flash drives, a feature that it hopes to include later this year on the IronKey Workspace drive.
Additionally, this drive can't be used for external storage, meaning you can't create a separate partition for data storage, and you can't run your computer's native OS and store data on it. That functionality, which Imation calls "cross-over storage," is currently available on Imation's Stealth Zone flash drives and will be available in the second generation of the Workspace W300 flash drive, Gerber says.
Good quality drives
Admittedly, I've always been partial to IronKey's USB drives. They were the first to use 256-bit AES encryption, and the flash drive cases are one piece of seamless metal, so you can't pry them open to have your way with the high-end flash chips inside. I have successfully broken into other USB drives and bypassed hardware-based security to access the data.
Imation bought the hardware business of privately-held IronKey in 2011. IronKey has arguably made the world's most secure flash drives.
IronKey storage devices have also been validated by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) to meet the stringent Level 3 criteria of FIPS 140-2. Combined with the cloud-based IronKey Enterprise Management Service, data security can be managed and audited from anywhere in the world. The IronKey Workspace flash drive, however, is not FIPS-certified.
"This year we will be introducing IronKey Workspace products that include features such as hardware encryption, device management, cross-over storage, mass provisioning and FIPS Level 3 certification," says Ken Kadet, Imation's global public relations manager.
What has also set IronKey apart from other USB flash drives in the past is that it uses high-end single-level cell (SLC) NAND flash memory chips as opposed to multilevel cell, consumer-grade (MLC) NAND. SLC has better native performance over MLC and, perhaps most importantly, it has as much as 10 times the lifespan, up to 100,000 write/erase cycles.
However, the newest drives, such as the IronKey Workspace I tested, use MLC, which is less expensive than SLC but, with new firmware, offers nearly as fast data transfer rates.
Imation's says that, because of the drive's architecture, it delivers over five times the minimum read/write performance required for Windows To Go-certified devices.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The protests were organised by student unions on social media
Thousands of Italian school students are protesting nationwide over work placements which they say contribute little to their future job prospects.
The students are calling it a "strike" in 70 cities. Student unions organised the protest via social media.
Italy's Student Network says "no more exploitation through free labour".
It says 95% of schools - about 900,000 children - participate in work experience schemes. Italy has the EU's third-highest jobless rate, at 11.2%.
There was some vandalism by protesters in Milan, targeting what they saw as symbols of capitalist exploitation: the chamber of commerce building, a McDonald's restaurant and a Zara clothing store.
The student unions claimed 200,000 youths protested across Italy - however, there was no independent estimate of the total.
The students want the government to fulfil its promise to draft a statute defining the status of people doing work experience and a code of ethics for companies using them.
The strike - with rallies in Rome, Naples, Milan, Salerno and other cities - was also in protest against alleged underfunding of state schools.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The blue placard reads: "Students have a defect - they know how to use their intellect"
Image copyright EPA Image caption In Milan some protesters lit flares and hurled eggs and tomatoes at a McDonald's restaurant
Image copyright Davide Lavermicocca Image caption "It's our time!" - an angry student banner in Bari
"We want work placements that provide real alternative training and quality for all," said Student Network national co-ordinator Giammarco Manfreda.
Italy "continues to lack rules defining who can or cannot offer work experience", he added.
"We're tired of being humiliated by our companies, whose work experience does not amount to training at all."
An "anti-exploitation" statement from the student unions said "we are students, not merchandise in the hands of businesses" and "we are sick of being sent to wait on tables".
'In school, but learning nothing'
'Two lost decades' for Italy's economy
Which country really has the cleverest students?
Italian Education Minister Valeria Fedeli defended the centre-left government's education policy. She said internships gave students "complementary skills that enable them to face the future with more knowledge".
But she pledged to address the students' complaints and work to raise the quality of internships, Ansa news agency reported.
Italian media reported that paint was daubed on some buildings in Milan and a McDonald's restaurant was pelted with eggs and tomatoes.
Youths also smashed a window at the Milan offices of the centre-left Democratic Party (PD), then hurled paint and smoke bombs into it.
Internships for students at some global businesses, including McDonald's and Zara, were launched by the PD government of former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi in July 2015.
Youths in the last three years of school have been getting the work experience, branded as "exploitation" by the protesters on Friday.
In a statement (in Italian), McDonald's said its outlets across Italy were taking "up to 10,000 students each year", with the aim of helping young people develop skills required in their future employment.
UPDATED: Indictment is below in document viewer.
CLEVELAND, Ohio --
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- WMMS shock jock, Shane French, host of "Rover's Morning Glory" is facing more than a dozen felony and misdemeanor charges stemming from an altercation with an off-duty police officer in July at the Whiskey Island Marina.
A grand jury indicted French, 38, of Avon, yesterday on charges including inducing panic, assault, criminal damaging and resisting arrest.
Police said French, who was partying at the marina, aimed fireworks at the off-duty officer and then shoved him and ran away in an effort to avoid being arrested.
French's sidekick, 28-year-old Michael Toomey, known as "Chocolate Charlie," faces 11 charges.
According to the indictment, a boat and an SUV were damaged. Both men are set to be arraigned on Oct. 16.
Police said the incident occurred at 3:40 a.m. near Olde River Yacht Club.
Off-duty officer Steven Kinas told police he was on his boat, saw fireworks and found French and another man "highly intoxicated." They refused to stop shooting fireworks, Kinas told officers, and instead shot fireworks in his direction.
Shortly after his arrest, French spoke about the incident on his radio show broadcast from WMMS FM/100.7, saying he could not discuss the factual details. He went on to call the allegations "absolutely absurd, ridiculous and not based in fact whatsoever."
"In fact, if these charges weren't so serious, it would be comical. But it is very serious and I'm taking the matter very seriously," he said.
French said his attorneys had possession of surveillance video and had interviewed eyewitnesses in the case.
"I will tell you with 100 percent certainty that when all of these facts are brought to light that I will prevail in this matter and the truth will come out," he said. "After that happens, I will take steps to make sure that this doesn't happen to anyone else."
French could not be reached immediately and no attorney is listed for him in court records.
The police report filed after the incident gives this version of the event:
Kinas got off his boat and confronted the men, the report stated. French grabbed Kinas' shirt with both hands and Kinas identified himself as an officer. French started pushing Kinas, the report states, and the other man did as well.
Kinas "pushed both males to the ground" and showed his badge, the report continues, and friends came to take French and the other man away.
Kinas "turned to walk away," the report states. Then French charged Kinas "and pushed him with both hands in his back, stating, 'I don't believe you're a police officer.'"
French started at WMMS in 2008, after leaving WKRK-FM 92.3 after a contract dispute.
In 2008, while French was on WKRK, police stopped him and two colleagues as they smashed a car with an aluminum bat for a potential reality TV show. They were charged with criminal damaging and inducing panic.
French was eventually fined $250 plus court costs in Cleveland Municipal Court. Charges against the other two people were dropped.
<a href="http://s3.documentcloud.org/documents/801121/roverindictment.pdf">RoverIndictment (PDF)</a> <br /> <a href="http://s3.documentcloud.org/documents/801121/roverindictment.txt">RoverIndictment (Text)</a>
A Gatineau man is accused of “honour-based” violence against his daughter for not wearing her hijab in public.
Police say the teenager told authorities she had suffered repeated violence by her father for more than a year. And when he learned that his daughter was removing her hijab as soon as left the family home, the violence escalated.
Police spokesperson Jean-Paul Lemay said this was the first such case in Gatineau and encouraged any other women who might be victims of similar behaviour to come forward.
“We hope the courage of this young girl will encourage other young victims of honour-based violence to come forward and talk about any abuse they are (receiving) and we will be listening to them.”
The 35-year-old man was arrested Wednesday and appeared in court Thursday where he was charged with assault, assault with a weapon and uttering death threats. His name was withheld to protect the girl's identity. Lemay said she is safe and not with family.
Hayet Laggoune, president of Outaouais Islamic Centre, denounced such violence. He stressed that women wear the hijab of their own free will and should never be forced.
“We must be clear. We cannot force someone to do something they are not willing to do,” Laggoune said. “Neither our religion nor our prophet teaches us that. We must be willing to do it. We can't be forced to wear the hijab. (The violence) is not justified and we are against that.”
Police are asking anyone who has concerns for their safety or knows a victim of violence to call Gatineau police at 819-778-3555.
T-Mobile Pulls iPhone 4S, iPhone 5 From Its “No Money Down” Promotion
If you want to get the iPhone 5 or iPhone 4S as part of T-Mobile's “no money down” offer, you'd better make some plans to head to a store pronto.
T-Mobile confirmed to AllThingsD that, starting Saturday, neither device will be available as part of that promotion. (The iPhone 4 will still be available for no money down.)
“As is the nature of promotions, pricing moves are temporary,” a T-Mobile representative told AllThingsD. Starting Saturday, those wanting an iPhone 5 will have to pay at least $145.99 down, with that price augmented by 24 monthly payments of $21 per month.
The company did not give a reason why the iPhone models were being pulled, even though most other smartphones remain available for no upfront payment.
“However, combined with our Simple Choice plan, it's easily one of the most affordable ways to purchase the latest iPhone,” T-Mobile said.
The abrupt move was somewhat of a surprise given comments this week from CEO John Legere, who said on a conference call that the no money down promotion would run through the summer.
Word that the iPhone 5 and iPhone 4S were being pulled was earlier reported by TmoNews, a blog that specializes in news about T-Mobile goings-on.
AT&T, meanwhile, notes that customers can still get an iPhone for no upfront payments with its Next program, which has the benefit of a lower upfront cost but requires users to forego a subsidy and still requires customers to pay standard monthly plan rates.
With AT&T Next, customers pay $27 a month for the 16 gigabyte iPhone 5 with no down payment or fees.
T-Mobile no longer subsidizes any of its phones; however, it has also lowered its monthly fees.
A feature on the White House's website designed to encourage citizens to interact with the administration has become what every very public forum on the Internet eventually becomes: a target for trolls.
The "We the People" petition feature of whitehouse.gov, launched in September, is intended as a way for citizens to petition the Obama administration for action on specific topics of concern. Citizens can register an account on the site, and create petitions or sign those of others. When a site user creates a petition, a unique URL is generated for the petition that can be spread via social media or e-mail; the petition becomes visible on the White House website once it hits 150 signatures within 30 days. If a petition gets over 25,000 e-signatures in 30 days, it will be reviewed by White House staff for an official response, according to the latest version of the tool's "terms of participation."
That threshold was originally set at launch at 5,000 signatures. But the administration has been forced to tune its thresholds to deal with the popularity of the petition tool and the flood of petitions that reached the 5,000 signature thresholds, such as petitions to acknowledge that aliens are among us and to "stop lying."
The tone of the White House's response to many of the petitions has spawned the latest rapidly-rising request for a White House response, so far signed by over 3,000 registered site users. A less sarcastic, but equally critical petition criticizing the White House's treatment of the petitions has reached 13,000 signatures.
It's no secret that I love making my own chocolate. The secret is to buy good organic, fairly traded ingredients and make it with love.
Most people who haven't created this delectable treat before assume that it's complicated. Once you know how you'll see that it is really easy. Not only that, you'll find that you can create it consciously, infusing your love into it, making it taste absolutely delicious. So, if you love chocolate, as many people do, then be sure that you eat really healthy chocolate for a high vibrational and nourishing treat.
My basic chocolate recipe includes:
raw cocoa butter
raw cocoa powder
coconut nectar (coconut sugar)
high quality vanilla extract
These items are available at any good health food store or by mail order in most countries.
Here are some helpful links to get you started…
USA Chocolate Making Ingredients:
USA: Terrasoul Superfoods Raw Organic Cacao Butter, 1.5 Pounds
Terrasoul Superfoods Raw Cacao Powder (Organic), 16-ounce
Nutiva Coconut Sugar 1 lb Pkg
UK Chocolate Making Ingredients:
UK: Sevenhills Organics Cacao Butter 500g
UK: Sevenhills Organics Cacao / Cocoa Powder 500g
UK: RealFoodSource Certified Organic Coconut Sugar
Super quick guide to making your own chocolate at home (under 90 seconds)…
Extended chocolate making guide (13 minutes)
Here's an easy recipe…
50g raw cocoa butter
50g raw cocoa powder
3 tablespoons raw coconut sugar
1 teaspoon vanilla extract (water based)
‘Shave' the solid cocoa butter with a sharp knife or grater. Shaving is just really thin slicing that makes the cocoa butter crumble. The finer you can get it, the easier it will be to melt. You can leave it in big chunks if you like, but be prepared to wait a while for it to melt. Melt the cocoa butter. You can do this by leaving it in a warm place in a heatproof glass bowl by a fire or directly above a hot radiator. It melts at 34˚C. The idea is to melt it, rather than cook it, maintaining its ‘un-cookedness'. If you don't have a gentle heat source then use a hob or stove. Put the cocoa butter in a small, ovenproof, glass bowl and then put that bowl in a pan containing an inch or so of really hot water. Keep the hob/stove burning on a low heat. The heat will then transfer through the bowl, enough to melt the cocoa butter. Give it frequent stirs to assist the melting process. Don't keep it on the heat any longer than it takes to melt it. The best time to use it is when it has just melted. If it is too hot, then it takes longer to cool down and the coconut sugar will sink to the bottom of the chocolate when added. Add the coconut sugar and vanilla extract to the melting cocoa butter during step two. The melting cocoa butter and vanilla will help to soften and dissolve the sugar. (Note: if you vanilla extract isn't water based then add 1/4 teaspoon of water – which will help to dissolve the coconut sugar). When the cocoa butter has finally melted, mix in the cocoa powder and any other remaining ingredients. Spoon into chocolate mould with a teaspoon OR line a small shallow container with parchment paper and make a bar. Chill in the freezer for 20 minutes or in the fridge for 45 minutes and then pop out of the container and enjoy.
Pin for later…
beta.wargamedesignstudio@gmail.com
Hi All,Were about to commence a closed beta of the 1.02 patch for Panzer Battles Kursk  Southern Flank.We want to limit the number of testers to 100 so that if anything unforeseen happens were not overrun with technical issues. That said, we have run the patch through significant testing to date and are happy to release it to you.We have an email addressthat we ask that you write to if you want to be one of the testers. We will do this first in until we hit our 100 tester target.The 1.02 beta patch will be the first official release from WDS and were excited to be close to releasing it to the public.The current 1.02 Beta Patch changelog is as follows;Bug Fixes- Adjusted reporting for air attacks.- Corrected hex stack reporting when a wreck is in the hex- Corrected a crash bug when the last man/gun/vehicle is destroyed by defensive fire- Corrected a fog of war bug when right clicking- Included a check that all off board artillery is not placed on the map.- Any fixed unit that is fired on will now instantly un-fix- Units could use a bridge while in travel mode to enter an obstacle and then exit the hex, rather than lose their whole movement allowance. This has been corrected and units will now lose all their movement points if they move into an obstacle hex- Engineer units were in some cases isolated when in a minefield - this should no longer occur- Engineer units will not clear a minefield in a turn that they recover from disruption- Adjacent engineers no longer remove isolation for units in minefields- Off map artillery was not firing during the defensive fire phase - this will now occur at the same frequency as on map artillery- Engineers that attempt to damage a bridge or AT ditch will reveal themselves if currently concealed- Units can no longer combine if in mismatched travel modes- File mismatch due to different encryption setting during PBEM - fixed- Campaign auto-advance on wrong password entry - fixedEnhancements- Newly implemented: View > Map Elevations, View > Map Coordinates, View > Map Combat Modifiers.- New parameter file entry - Fatigue factor. Used for scaling fatigue accumulation. Set at 2.0 for Normandy & Kursk. Will be 3.0 for future titles to match the fatigue calculations in Panzer Campaigns. 3.0 is the more appropriate value to use, but none of the Kursk & Normandy scenarios were tested with the higher value- New on counter broken and disrupted markings - visible when stacked and unstacked.- New Getting Started documentation, including Campaign Primer and Terrain & Combat tables- Updated General Help guide with a revised layout and additional information.- Updated User guide with a revised layout and additional information. All manuals are a work in progress and will continue to be rationalised over time.Order of Battle Changes- Corrected Soviet 27 76mm Gun btty (hs) causing scenario crashGraphics Changes- New -small- terrain features. All files are under \Maps\Map Variants\Terrain Small. Copy all the 8 files into the map directory and overwrite the existing. To revert to the original graphics, copy the files out of \Maps\Map Variants\Terrain - Default directory back into the Map directory.Map Changes- Alternate small map graphics includedUser Interface Changes- New Shortcut keys- New Toolbar Icons in traditional and standard configuration. Small and Large versions also available for each.- File/folder reorganization, with creation of the following new folders: Data (.oob & .pdt files), Logs (.log files), Manuals (.pdf files), Saves (.bt? files), Scenarios (.scn, .map files etc.), Screens (various game .bmp files).- New logging system (with various .log files in the new Logs folder), to assist in game testing, and identifying and fixing bugs.Some reminders of the UI changes;David
Sex before a match will always be a debatable subject, but according to a recent UK study, erotic movies are not. The recent experiment, involving 12 players from a professional Rugby Union team in the Aviva Premiership, revealed findings suggesting that players watching erotic or aggressive videos can boost a player's physical performance.
The players were shown a four minute clip of either erotic dancing or a UFC fight, later experiencing a peak in testosterone level and their output rose in strength and conditioning exercises.
Saliva samples taken from the players revealed significant increases in their testosterone levels after watching erotic, aggressive/violent and humorous clips, compared to showing them sad or control videos.
During the World Cup, some of the England players revealed that a few of them like to relax by watching UFC fights. Some clubs in the Premiership already use this type of motivational method with their players.
Rugby is a naturally combative sport and putting yourself in an aggressive frame of mind is quite important to how you perform. Testosterone is a feel-good hormone and most people perceive this and perhaps perform better because they feel better. (Researchers)
I wonder if this motivational method works well only in uber-physical sports like Rugby, American Football and such or would also benefit players in soccer or basketball.
Share. A brief history of egalitarianism in games, and why non-traditional depictions matter. A brief history of egalitarianism in games, and why non-traditional depictions matter.
Games take a lot of flak for being a fairly un-inclusive medium, made by young straight men for young straight men and mildly offensive to everyone else. Listen to much popular discourse on video games, and you'll come away with the impression that they (and their players) are overwhelmingly sexist, immature, and unwelcoming to anybody outside of that traditional demographic.
There's a small amount of truth in that, much as we'd all love to deny it. But this image belies the fact that many games are impressively egalitarian, and that gaming has a long history of positive depictions of lesbian, gay and queer characters. From the original Sims to Dragon Age, games haven't been afraid to show and enable gay relationships. Developers like BioWare have consistently stood up for gay players' rights to appropriate romances, just like everybody else. What follows is a brief history of queer visibility in gaming – and an explanation, should it be needed, of why these depictions matter.
It might surprise you that Nintendo had a history of censorship in the 80s and 90s that extended beyond turning blood blue and removing violent decapitations from Mortal Kombat and into depictions of sexuality. Super Mario's Birdo – probably gaming's most famous transsexual – was openly referred to as a transgender female in the Japanese manual, but all reference to her sexuality was removed for Western releases. Dragon Warrior III could only be released on the NES with its gay bar location censored out. It's a policy that had all but disappeared by the time Conker's Bad Fur Day came around in 1999, though, and not one that's had an effect on any game released on a Nintendo system for a long time. Sega's Streets of Rage 3, meanwhile, had a stereotypically hyper-camp sub-boss censored out for its Western release, though that's probably more because of the astonishing cringeworthiness of the character than anything else.
It's no great shock that MMOs and RPGs have the most impressive equality record in video games. These genres, by their very nature, let you be who you want to be – whether that's male or female, straight or gay, mage or dragon-puncher. Sexuality has never exactly been a checkbox on a character select screen, but try your luck with same-sex characters and you'll often find that gender boundaries aren't that big of a deal. Fallout 2 has the distinction of offering gaming's very first gay marriage – a shotgun wedding prompted by sleeping with a farmer's son, whose family are not at all happy about the situation. Playing as a female character, you'll find the post-apocalyptic world's hookers perfectly willing to take caps from women. (Presumably, after the world is brought to its knees by nuclear destruction, we'll have more important things to worry about than whom people are sleeping with.)
Japanese RPGs have never been afraid to throw a little cross-dressing or playful gay innuendo around (remember Chrono Trigger's Flea?), though Personas 2 and 4 are the only Japanese games I can think of that actually let you play a gay character. Kanji's Bad Bad Bathhouse in Persona 4 is an unforgettable scene where character Kanji struggles with his sexual identity by fighting a naked, man-loving version of himself in a bath-house. One of Persona 2's protagonists was Kuruso Jun, who could get himself mixed up in a relationship with main character Tatsuya. As is often the case with Japanese depictions of gay people, though, Kuruso is extremely effeminate, and hardly a model for fair representation. Generally, it's Western developers that have led by example. BioWare, for instance, has represented queer characters in its games for about as long as it has been making them.
Star Wars: The Old Republic's Juhani is unusual among BioWare's non-hetero characters in that she's exclusively lesbian, rather than swinging both ways according the player's gender and choices like Dragon Age II's many love interests. (In the original release of the game she could be a romantic interest for both male and female protagonists, but this was later altered in a patch). Generally, BioWare's love interests don't care much about your character's genitalia – though there was mild controversy over Mass Effect's girl-on-girl romantic scenes, it would be extremely difficult to argue that the affair between Liara and FemShep was designed for titillation. Sexuality isn't a big deal in BioWare's games, and in my opinion they've never tried to make a statement about it. It's just one more choice in a game full of choices designed to satisfy players' personal preferences, not much different from choosing your character's hair colour.
That's the response that developers themselves often produce when questioned on their games' gay characters. In Fable, a British-developed game, nobody really batted an eyelid when it was discovered that you could sleep with and marry whomever you wanted. When it was revealed that you could marry same-sex characters in Skyrim, Bethesda's response was an emphatic so what?. "Not hush hush, just not making a huge deal out of it. You can marry anyone," responded Bethesda's Pete Hines on Twitter, when asked why the issue had been "kept quiet".
BioWare made headlines when one player complained about gay characters in Dragon Age II, accusing the developer of "letting down their player base – the straight male gamer" by having support characters hit on the main character regardless of gender. To quote BioWare's rather heroic David Gaider, "the romances in the game are not for the 'straight male gamer'. They're for everyone." Gaider's full response – which you can read here - is a brilliantly balanced account of why catering for all types of players matters so much. "You can write it off as "political correctness" if you wish, but the truth is that privilege always lies with the majority," he writes. "They're so used to being catered to that they see the lack of catering as an imbalance."
Outside of RPGs, meanwhile, gay representation has been less frequent and usually less prominent. There have been gay and bisexual secondary characters in everything from The Longest Journey to Metal Gear Solid to David Cage's utterly bonkers Indigo Prophecy, but action games and first-person shooters don't tend to bother much with characters' sexual identities (although a strong case could probably be made for Marcus Fenix). Personal relationships don't usually factor very prominently in stories like Modern Warfare 3's, so it's neither surprising nor objectionable that sexuality isn't a main theme.
You may think, so what? Why should sex in videogames matter any more for gay people than straight? But this visibility actually is important, for the same reason as having believable and relatable female characters is important: because by catering exclusively to straight men, you're excluding more than half the population, and limiting video games creatively and commercially to a restricted audience. (Plus, we'd look all backwards and narrow-minded in front of all the other, bigger art forms, and that's never good.)
It's also worth remembering that young gay and lesbian people need characters that they can relate to just as much as straight teenagers – if not more so, as they're more likely to face persecution in the real world. Games have long been a refuge for people who aren't quite like everyone else. Indeed, it's a depressing fact that gay people in the virtual world sometimes have more freedom than those in the actual world. The Sims 3 offers fully-fledged virtual gay marriage (a notable progression from the original Sims, which had no marriage, and the Sims 2, which offered only a "joining party"), a right still outwith the reach of same-sex couples living in most first-world countries. Fable and Skyrim do the same. If you're a gay character in Mass Effect, The Sims or Skyrim, nobody really cares; you don't face discrimination from other characters, or find yourself forced to justify your identity and choices to those around you. That, too, is freedom that many gay, bisexual and transgender people in the real world still don't enjoy.
The next time you let out a sigh of resignation at gaming's lack of maturity, that's a good fact to remember. As the struggle for equality in the real world inches slowly forward, it's comforting to know that in virtual worlds, some of those battles have already been won.
Keza MacDonald is in charge of IGN's games team in the UK. She's currently counting down the days until Mass Effect 3. You can follow her on Twitter and MyIGN.
