When President Donald Trump pulled the United States out of the Paris accord on climate change last week, he attempted to justify the move with false information about the deal, dubious concerns about “other countries and other leaders [laughing] at us,” and a mischaracterization of the people of Pittsburgh. Trump barely mentioned the global warming that the Paris Agreement aims to ameliorate, suggesting that he continues to think that climate change is, as he once put it, a “hoax.”
After the announcement, reporters tried to get a clear answer to the question of whether Trump believes that climate change is real, but they didn't have much luck: EPA head Scott Pruitt (who has questioned climate science himself) said that he and the president had never discussed the issue, as did Sean Spicer. When pressed about Trump's beliefs, advisors Gary Cohn and Kellyanne Conway told journalists to “ask him.” Two unnamed officials sent to brief the press after the president's Paris agreement speech said that they couldn't speak to his “personal views.”
Finally, in an interview set to air on Sunday, U.N. ambassador Nikki Haley gave a more straightforward response: “President Trump believes the climate is changing and he believes pollutants are part of the equation,” she told Jake Tapper. Haley wouldn't address Trump's infamous claim that “the concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive,” saying only that, “[He] knows that it's changing and that the US has to be responsible for it and that's what we're going to do.”
Given Trump's long history of climate denial and his susceptibility to misleading right-wing memes on the topic, it seems at least possible that Haley's representation of her boss's views might not be entirely accurate. Or maybe Trump does now believe in climate change – and has simply determined that appeasing his base and sticking it to the United States' allies is more important than co-operating with the international effort to make humanity less completely doomed.
Is it possible to not crash when you experience a front tire slide? Maybe.
Both of my recent track crashes were the result of a sliding front tire (both were caused by me asking too much of a cold front tire). Sometimes it happens too quickly for you to respond. But, sometimes there is enough time to perform a maneuver that just may save you from a fall.
Survival Instincts Are a Bitch
Let's say you are rounding a curve and the handlebar starts to feel vague in your hands. At the same time, your proprioceptors (aka kinesthetic sense) tell your brain that balance is being compromised.
Your brain is alerted to the threat and triggers your muscles to tense. The rush of panic and muscle tension happens in an instant. Many riders end up on the ground because their survival instincts cause them to overreact and make matters worse.
Saving the Front in a Corner
I've got bad news for you, that vagueness you feel at the handlebars is your front tire losing traction. This is bad, because a front tire slide is one of the most difficult situations to recover from. When cornering, the front tire is responsible for both lateral grip and direction control (steering). More times than not, front tire traction loss is the result of asking too much of the tire. Side forces from cornering, in combination with cold rubber and perhaps contaminated pavement is an easy recipe for tire slip.
When the front tire loses grip, it “tucks” underneath the bike and throws the bike and rider violently to the ground. But, is it possible to save yourself from falling?
To help the front tire regain traction (or at least not lose any more grip) you must first not add to the problem. This means staying relaxed (Good luck with that). With light handlebar pressure, the tire and suspension can work fluidly to manage surface irregularities.
If you tense on the bars, you will put stress on the front tire and risk pushing the tire over the limit of grip. Whatever you do, avoid trying to countersteer the bike into a deeper lean.
Assuming you can remain somewhat relaxed and neutral, the next thing to do is to relieve the work the front tire is doing. To do this, get on the throttle! I know, it's counter-intuitive, which is why it's not easy to do. But gassing it transfers load from the overworked front tire to the rear tire.This allows the front rubber to halt its lateral slide and keep rolling.
Yes, you will probably run wide, but hopefully you have enough road/track to let this happen. You can minimize this drift by using moderate throttle application to save the front tire slide. Just don't goose the throttle so hard that you careen off the road or track or spin the rear tire.
Uphill Unload
A fellow instructor pointed out a caveat to the common cornering situation. Dan mentioned what can happen to traction when you are going uphill. He witnessed a fellow rider (with a passenger) lose the front and crash in front of him just as the crashing rider was getting on the gas. Why would this happen if what I say about relieving stress on the front tire is true?
The likely explanation is that the uphill slope, in combination with the weight of a passenger and the application of a bit too much throttle, unloaded the front tire too much. He probably also added a bit of steering input that tucked the front tire beneath him. The lesson is that load management and traction management go hand in hand and you need to develop a keen sense of how various factors can affect tire load and grip.
The Knee Save
For those who are accustomed to dragging knee, it is possible to relieve front tire stress by levering the bike with your knee. Anything you can do to take pressure off the front tire will help the tire regain grip.
Saving the Front While Braking
The other way to experience a front tire induced crash is to overbrake so you skid the front tire. This can happen whether you are upright or leaned. If this happens, get off the brake, NOW! This will let the front wheel roll again so you can regain control. Then get back on the brakes (you were braking for a reason, right?). But, this time squeeze the front brake progressively. You can still brake really hard (less so if you are leaned), but it must be done gradually to allow time to put load on the front tire, which increases traction.
Practice? Really?
It takes a good amount of skill and presence to control front tire skids. Like all other tricky situations, practice and experience increases the chance that you can act correctly and save a crash. Practice? How? Ride in the dirt, my friend! Pushing the front tire is a regular occurrence when riding on loose surfaces. Learning to control slides in the dirt is less risky than suddenly needing to manage a slide on your street bike. With this experience, you can train and condition your mind and muscles to react properly when a slide happens.
The other way to train yourself to react properly is to push your bike hard enough to get it to happen. I don't recommend this, because front tire slides can easily go wrong. But, if you eventually go fast enough at track days or when racing, you will inevitably experience the vague feeling of your front tire on the edge of traction loss.
DO NOT go fast enough to slide the front on the street!! You will die. On the street, it's not likely that you will have enough time or space to pull off this hero maneuver.
What? You don't ride on the track or in the dirt? Well, the next best way to practice is to visualize successfully performing the maneuver. Imagine yourself cornering hard, feeling handlebar vagueness and then gradually rolling on the throttle as needed to drift the front. It's not ideal, but it's the best way to prepare for saving a front tire slide.
Expect It
Another way to prepare for front tire slides (and many others) is to expect them to happen. This pertains to all times when you are in traction-reduced situations, including when cornering or braking hard.
Have you experienced a front tire skid or slide? If so, how did that work out for you?
Please Donate to Keep the Articles Coming
If you liked this article and the many other articles on this site, please toss a buck or five into the hat. It's greatly appreciated!
Click the PayPal “Pay Now” button. Then indicate quantity in $2.00 increments. – Example: put “2” in “QUANTITY” field to donate $4.00, “3” for a $6.00 donation, etc.
Why $2.00? Due to the PayPal fee structure, a $2.00 donation is significantly more beneficial compared to a $1.00 donation.
Thank You!
Check out these posts:
How Can I help You? Online Coaching NOW AVAILABLE
Support Riding in the Zone: Buy a book
Support Riding in the Zone: Buy products from Twisted Throttle & Amazon
LONDON (Reuters) - London Mayor Sadiq Khan welcomed the humility shown by Uber's [UBER.UL] chief executive after the city stripped the taxi app of its license to operate, but once again criticized the company's London management on Thursday.
The Uber logo is seen on mobile telephone in London, Britain, September 25, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Transport for London (TfL) shocked Uber last month by deeming it unfit to run a taxi service and refusing to renew its license, citing the firm's approach to reporting serious criminal offences and background checks on drivers.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi met TfL Commissioner Mike Brown on Tuesday for discussions both sides described as “constructive.” Khan said he did not have talks with the Silicon Valley firm's boss.
Khan, a center-left politician from the opposition Labour party, has repeatedly criticized Uber's leadership in Britain, previously saying that instead of hiring “an army of PR experts and an army of lawyers” it needed to address the issues raised by TfL.
But Khan, who is also chairman of TfL, contrasted that with Khosrowshahi, who apologized for the firm's mistakes in an open letter to Londoners last week.
“What gives me confidence about the TfL decision is the fact that the global chief executive officer for Uber apologized to London,” Khan told LBC Radio.
“I think that bodes well in relation to the humility which hasn't been shown by Uber London or Uber UK,” he said.
Citing separate disagreements with unions in London over strike action on the underground train network, known as the tube, Khan said he always preferred to solve matters without court action.
“The global CEO has gone away to do some further work and I always think, as I said before when it came to the tube strikes, the way to resolve differences is constructively and amicably around a table rather than through litigation,” he said.
Asked on Thursday, Uber referred to its comments on Tuesday when it promised to “make things right in London.”
Uber's license expired on Sept. 30 but its roughly 40,000 drivers - defined by the firm as those have made at least four trips in the last month - are still able to take passengers until an appeals process is exhausted, which could take months.
Uber's fate in London will be decided by a judge who will rule on the appeal after it is submitted by Oct. 13.
The firm reported that 2016 revenue in Britain rose 59 percent to 37 million pounds ($49 million) and its pretax profit jumped 65 percent to 3 million pounds, according to a filing posted on Britain's Companies House website.
Khosrowshahi, who has only been in the role for just over a month, has also had to deal with a fractured board in the United States, which on Tuesday attempted to end months of strife by unanimously passing a series of measures to shore up corporate governance, bring in major investor SoftBank and diminish the power of former CEO Travis Kalanick.
Jeremy Corbyn and his supporters announce themselves to be the leftist of the left: a band of brothers, who have saved the Labour Party from neo-liberalism and neo-conservatism. Yet they happily align with the most right-wing imperialist power in the neighbourhood.
All around Corbyn, questions about Russian influence in the US election and the Brexit referendum are exploding. Instead of using the opposition front bench to investigate and denounce, Corbyn and McDonnell show no interest in fighting the right at home or abroad. They prefer instead to join a queue that includes Donald Trump, Nigel Farage and Marine Le Pen and wait in line to plant damp kisses on Vladimir Putin's firm hand. Asked to comment on Theresa May's belated decision to stand up to a hostile foreign power. Corbyn's spokesman said:
‘I think we need to see more evidence of what's being talked about. Jeremy has made clear on a number of occasions that we need to see an attempt through dialogue to ratchet down tensions with Russia'.
Leftists are always keen to denounce sell-outs. ‘The left looks for traitors, the right looks for converts,' as I used to say. If Corbyn endorsed Donald Trump, even the cultists in Momentum would object. Yet he appears to endorse Trump's friend and there is no questioning on the left about where Corbyn is taking Labour – and indeed who he is bringing along with him. Backbenchers such as Ben Bradshaw and Chris Bryant ask hard questions about Russian influence, while Labour's front bench looks the other way. Many liberals and leftists are appalled by Corbyn's silence on Brexit, they should notice that his silence on Putin matches it.
Moving on, Alex Salmond is a former leader of the Scottish National Party. Now he has swapped Scottish nationalism for Russian nationalism and serves the Kremlin as a minor celebrity on its English-language station. Nigel Farage and Arron Banks have built their whole careers on the claim they are British patriots. Yet as Banks recounts in his memoir of the referendum campaign, The Bad Boys of Brexit, (as if he and Farage looked like rockstars rather than portly Rotarians):
‘(We were introduced to the) First Secretary of the (Russian) Embassy – in other words, the KGB's man in London…we hit it off from the word go…Our host wanted the inside track on the Brexit campaign.'
The trivial mingles with the profound when you examine the motives of the Russophiles. There's nothing more to say about Alex Salmond than that he is a vain old man, who cannot accept his day is done. He will seize the hand of any country that will make him feel important again. Many of the talking heads on Russia Today share the same urge. Watch it and you see half-forgotten or never-known men preening themselves with delight that Russia has found it in its interests to give them a platform.
Meanwhile, the Leninist left has simply switched its enthusiasm from the communist Soviet Union to crony capitalist Russia. Seumas Milne could well have been the Corbyn spokesman briefing reporters that Labour leadership did not want any trouble with Putin. He has paid homage to the new Tsar at a Black Sea resort, and warned of the dangers of ‘demonising' him. If you still have to ask why the Labour left indulges a friend of Trump and Farage, a persecutor of gays and an imperial conqueror of sovereign nations, then you have failed to grasp its cynicism and intellectual emptiness.
Russia is a great disruptive power. It wants to reverse the post-Cold war settlement that stripped the Soviet empire of most of its possessions. Like Stalin and Catherine the Great, and indeed most aggressive leaders in history, it is always looking for openings. The breakup of Britain and Spain would weaken Western Europe, so it supports Scottish and Catalonian independence. A Trump presidency would not even pretend to be interested in Putin's abuse of human rights in Russia and Ukraine, so Russia or its agent Julian Assange hacked the Clinton campaign's emails. Brexit weakens the European Union, and we are learning more daily about Russian support for the leave cause. Prime minister Corbyn would weaken NATO, indeed given Corbyn's promotion of British communists and his long association with the Morning Star, he would want to leave NATO. Naturally, Russia wants to promote Corbyn and vice versa.
Outside the US, where the exploitation of Facebook and hacking of the Clinton campaign may have swung the 2016 presidential election, no one can yet argue that Russian intervention has decided Western nation's fates. But it has been ever present. And it is time that we talked more about why outsiders admire Russia and what their admiration says about them.
You might begin by noticing that the right and the far right see it as a white conservative power implacably opposed to liberalism. Beyond its residual attachment to the birthplace of Marxist-Leninism, the far left sees echoes of itself in Russia's hatred of the West.
A few years ago, you could dismiss Putin's supporters as cranks and creeps. Who's laughing at them now? They are still cranky and creepy, no doubt about it, but their cranky and creepy causes have won. Trump is president of the United States. Corbyn leads the British Labour party. Britain has left the European Union. The future – our future – belongs to the allies of a corrupt, aggressive, mendacious and murderous state.
September 2014 Happy Camp Complex Fire in the Klamath National Forest in California. US Forest Service
You may have missed the memo (we get it, there's been a lot going on) but the world is currently on fire. Massive blazes burn in the United States, Canada, Russia, South America, and across Europe. To give you a sense of the scale of the inferno, we've included maps of the wildfires, as well as images from some of the fiery scenes. Here is the lowdown. United States Here in the United States the Forest Service is reporting that 2017 is shaping up to be a worse than average fire year based on acres of federal, private and state land burned. So far, 5.6 million acres of land has burned this year, or 1.8 million acres more than the ten year average of 3.8 million acres burned by this time. Some states like Nevada are saying that 2017 is the worst fire season in 15 years, while Montana has already used up much of its firefighting budget, even as much of the state remains in drought conditions according to the US Drought Monitor. The state may have to tap into reserve and federal funding, but that isn't the only cost. Brent M. Witham, a 29-year-old firefighter from Mentone, California, was killed cutting down a tree while working on the Lolo Peak Fire.
Popular Science built this map using Incident Information Web data and it's accurate as of August 4th. You can click here to find an interactive version. Kendra Pierre-Louis
Despite urgent conditions, funding for the nation's six Regional Climate Centers (RCCs) which provide data that we use to help control and prevent wildfires is on the chopping block. The President's proposed budget would slash the Centers' budgets by 82%, from $3.65 million to $650,000. The Centers were originally developed in the 1980s with bipartisan support because of the service and expertise they provide as data collectors, analyzers and subject-matter experts. If they're eliminated, “We would lose a lot of fundamental climate services,” Tim Brown, Research Professor Climatology Director Western Regional Climate Center told Popular Science. “That includes information for decision makers for drought, fires and floods, and impacts, on transportation and human health, water supplies, energy and disaster management planning, all of these areas the regional climate center program supports.” On a more concrete level this includes banal information, such as yesterday's temperature high and low—that's Regional Climate Center Data. More critically, if we're talking fires, this also means the loss of Western Based US Drought Monitoring Author which adds to the weekly drought map that government uses to allocate drought relief as well as an early drought warning system—i.e. the conditions which can precede wildfires.
Tanker Drop on California's Grant Fire. Richard Perloff/ US Forest Service
Canada Across the border from the United States, fires are also currently scorching Canada's British Columbia. This is the province's second worst fire season on record and NASA satellites have identified the conflagration from space. It's unsurprising that the smoke is billowing over the border into nearby Seattle in Washington state which for much of last week was also under a heat advisory. On Thursday, the city hit a record breaking 94 degrees at the Seattle Tacoma airport. The regular high for the region at this time of year is 77 degrees. Between the heat and the fact that the region has been, according to US Drought Monitor is unnaturally dry that wildfires are knocking on their door is unsurprising.
1 AM and it's 77 degrees in Seattle. That's our normal daily high temperature for this time of year. #wawx — NWS Seattle (@NWSSeattle) August 3, 2017
These are the maps currently burning based on information pulled from Natural Resources Canada. For the most up to date information, you can click click on their interactive map Natural Resources Canada
Fires over British Columbia as captured by NASA's MODIS (Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer) satellite. NASA
Europe On the other side of the globe, if you load up the European Commission's fire map, it looks like the end of the world, especially in Italy and Romania. So far, an area just slightly smaller than the state of Rhode Island has burned. The total is already roughly three times the normal amount of summer wildfires. Back in June, 60 people died over the course of one weekend in Portugal due to wildfires. Thirty people were killed when the fires reached roads on evacuation routes. And as the map makes clear, those fires don't seem to be abating, in part because of the hotter, drier temperatures. Europeans have dubbed the heatwave "Lucifer"—a nod to the devil whose hell is supposed to be a high temperature inferno. The name seems to suggest that they may already be living through hell. According to European news reports, researchers are saying that climate change is to blame, as warmer temperatures have extended the regions fire season, potentially making weather like this increasingly the region's new normal. Earlier this spring, Ireland, an island perhaps most synonymous with dampness battled fires primed, in part, by 75-percent less rainfall.
European Union, current situation wildfires. You can click here to use the interactive version. European Union
Worldwide Infernos Wildfires are also plaguing Siberia in Russia, an image NASA has managed to capture on satellite footage, along with large swathes of Brazil. Back in June, South Africa was ablaze, and in New Zealand in February (during their summer) the city of Christchurch called a state of emergency after a wildfire sent thousands running from their homes and destroyed homes, and killed a pilot. In January, Chile, for whom like New Zealand January is summer, battled a similar unusual number of wildfires due to a combination of drought and high temperatures.
Siberian wildfires as seen from satellite imagery. NASA image courtesy Jeff Schmaltz LANCE/EOSDIS MODIS Rapid Response Team, GSFC.
New Zealand's Christchurch/Port Hills Fire Frank Vallance
It's a good time to be an Amazon Prime subscriber if you're interested in video games: The service now offers Prime members a 20 percent discount on all pre-orders and new releases, Amazon announced today.
Amazon defines the "new release" window as the first two weeks after a game's launch. The deal is valid for physical copies, including special editions, but doesn't apply to packages such as console bundles. Customers won't see the discount — which takes 20 percent off the list price, not off any existing sale price — until checkout. Amazon is applying the deal to all existing Prime member pre-orders. (For more details, see Amazon's FAQ.)
The deal appears to be a permanent new addition to the Prime subscription, not a limited-time offer. It seems like an answer to Best Buy's long-running Gamers Club Unlocked program, which offers perks to subscribers including 20 percent off purchases of new video games.
Best Buy launched Gamers Club back in 2008 as a $14.99 add-on to its free Reward Zone program, and introduced Gamers Club Unlocked — with the 20 percent discount on new games — in late 2013 at a price of $119.99 for two years. The retailer later dropped the price to $99.99, and in March 2015, further cut the price to just $29.99 for the same two-year subscription.
For comparison's sake, GameStop's PowerUp Rewards Pro initiative costs effectively the same at $14.99 per year; it comes with a free subscription to Game Informer magazine, but not any discounts on new games. Amazon Prime costs $99.99 a year, although it's a much more comprehensive package — benefits include the Netflix-like Prime Video service, the Spotify-like Prime Music service, unlimited photo storage with Prime Photos and free two-day shipping on most orders. Prime subscribers already received free launch-day delivery on video game pre-orders.
If you're looking for games to pre-order, check out our list of 100 games to watch in 2016, as well as our platform-by-platform recommendations on the best games to get now.
The alternative media has documented for 5 years that the government uses disinformation and disruption (and here) on the web to discredit activists and manipulate public opinion, just like it smears traditional television and print reporters who question the government too acutely.
We've long reported that the government censors and manipulates social media. More proof here.
New Edward Snowden documents confirm that Britain's spy agency is doing so.
As Glenn Greenwald writes today:
One of the many pressing stories that remains to be told from the Snowden archive is how western intelligence agencies are attempting to manipulate and control online discourse with extreme tactics of deception and reputation-destruction.
***
These agencies are attempting to control, infiltrate, manipulate, and warp online discourse, and in doing so, are compromising the integrity of the internet itself. Among the core self-identified purposes of JTRIG are two tactics: (1) to inject all sorts of false material onto the internet in order to destroy the reputation of its targets; and (2) to use social sciences and other techniques to manipulate online discourse and activism to generate outcomes it considers desirable. To see how extremist these programs are, just consider the tactics they boast of using to achieve those ends: “false flag operations” (posting material to the internet and falsely attributing it to someone else), fake victim blog posts (pretending to be a victim of the individual whose reputation they want to destroy), and posting “negative information” on various forums.
***
Critically, the “targets” for this deceit and reputation-destruction extend far beyond the customary roster of normal spycraft: hostile nations and their leaders, military agencies, and intelligence services. In fact, the discussion of many of these techniques occurs in the context of using them in lieu of “traditional law enforcement” against people suspected (but not charged or convicted) of ordinary crimes or, more broadly still, “hacktivism”, meaning those who use online protest activity for political ends.
The title page of one of these documents reflects the agency's own awareness that it is “pushing the boundaries” by using “cyber offensive” techniques against people who have nothing to do with terrorism or national security threats, and indeed, centrally involves law enforcement agents who investigate ordinary crimes….
***
It is not difficult to see how dangerous it is to have secret government agencies being able to target any individuals they want – who have never been charged with, let alone convicted of, any crimes – with these sorts of online, deception-based tactics of reputation destruction and disruption. There is a strong argument to make, as Jay Leiderman demonstrated in the Guardian in the context of the Paypal 14 hacktivist persecution, that the “denial of service” tactics used by hacktivists result in (at most) trivial damage (far less than the cyber-warfare tactics favored by the US and UK) and are far more akin to the type of political protest protected by the First Amendment.
The broader point is that, far beyond hacktivists, these surveillance agencies have vested themselves with the power to deliberately ruin people's reputations and disrupt their online political activity even though they've been charged with no crimes, and even though their actions have no conceivable connection to terrorism or even national security threats. As Anonymous expert Gabriella Coleman of McGill University told me, “targeting Anonymous and hacktivists amounts to targeting citizens for expressing their political beliefs, resulting in the stifling of legitimate dissent.” Pointing to this study she published, Professor Coleman vehemently contested the assertion that “there is anything terrorist/violent in their actions.”
Government plans to monitor and influence internet communications, and covertly infiltrate online communities in order to sow dissension and disseminate false information, have long been the source of speculation. Harvard Law Professor Cass Sunstein, a close Obama adviser and the White House's former head of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, wrote a controversial paper in 2008 proposing that the US government employ teams of covert agents and pseudo-”independent” advocates to “cognitively infiltrate” online groups and websites, as well as other activist groups. [Background on Sunstein here and here.]
Sunstein also proposed sending covert agents into “chat rooms, online social networks, or even real-space groups” which spread what he views as false and damaging “conspiracy theories” about the government.
***
Then there is the use of psychology and other social sciences to not only understand, but shape and control, how online activism and discourse unfolds. Today's newly published document touts the work of GCHQ's “Human Science Operations Cell”, devoted to “online human intelligence” and “strategic influence and disruption”….
***
Under the title “Online Covert Action”, the document details a variety of means to engage in “influence and info ops” as well as “disruption and computer net attack”, while dissecting how human beings can be manipulated using “leaders”, “trust, “obedience” and “compliance”:
Worried by the rise of nationalist parties that threaten the very existence of the European Union (EU), the European Parliament (EP) has quietly amended its internal rules to enable the silencing of “racist” speech within its hallowed halls.
The rule change, which passed in December, allows the president of the EP to “interrupt the live broadcasting of” a parliamentary debate “in the case of defamatory, racist or xenophobic language or behavior by a member.” Furthermore, it gives the president the power to “delete” said incident “from the audiovisual record of the proceedings,” consigning it to the memory hole unless a journalist happens to be present to report on it. Offenders may be fined up to $9,500.
Conveniently, the rule doesn't define what constitutes “defamatory, racist or xenophobic language or behavior,” leaving it to the president's discretion, although the EP Bureau, which consists of the president and 14 vice presidents, must review the decision within four weeks.
“This undermines the reliability of the Parliament's archives at a moment where the suspicion of ‘fake news' and manipulation threatens the credibility of the media and the politicians,” Tom Weingaertner, president of the Brussels-based International Press Association (IPA), told the Associated Press.
Weingaertner said the IPA was never consulted on the rule, which came to light only when the Spanish newspaper La Vanguardia reported on it.
The AP gives some hints into what kinds of language and behavior might be censored under the new rule. Noting that the EP “is often the stage for political and sometimes nationalist theater,” the AP writes, “Beyond routine shouting matches, members occasionally wear T-shirts splashed with slogans or unfurl banners. Flags adorn some lawmakers' desks.”
As if putting the flag of the country one represents on one's desk weren't scurrilous enough, the AP says that “in recent years, lawmakers have gone too far.”
“There have been a growing number of cases of politicians saying things that are beyond the pale of normal parliamentary discussion and debate,” British EP member Richard Corbett, a socialist who shepherded the rule change through parliament, told the AP. “What if this became not isolated incidents, but specific, where people could say: ‘Hey, this is a fantastic platform. It's broad, it's live-streamed. It can be recorded and repeated. Let's use it for something more vociferous, more spectacular.'”
Of course, if a member of the EP made a speech denying the Holocaust or stumping for the reintroduction of chattel slavery, there would be no need for the president to cut him off. His foolish words would be sufficient to brand him an outcast, and the public response to his remarks would be deafening.
No, what the EP really wants to silence is dissenting political speech, especially if it might lead to the EU's dissolution. Reports the AP:
After Britain's decision to leave the European Union, the rising popularity of anti-immigrant candidates like Geert Wilders in the Netherlands or far-right Marine Le Pen in France is worrying Europe's political mainstream. Le Pen, who is running for the French presidency this spring, has promised to follow Britain's lead.
At the European Parliament, where elections are due in 2019, many say the need for action against hate speech, and strong sanctions for offenders, is long overdue.
Parliamentarians who hold dissenting views, such as Gerolf Annemans of Belgium's Flemish independence party Vlaams Belang, know exactly where this is headed. During debate in December, Annemans said the rule “can be abused by those who have hysterical reactions to things that they qualify as racist, xenophobic, when people are just expressing politically incorrect views.”
Annemans' warning is eminently reasonable. Prominent Europeans have been tried and convicted of “hate speech” for expressing opinions on Islam or immigrants that do not comport with those of the powers that be. Wilders, for instance, was recently found “guilty of inciting discrimination” for telling supporters he would “arrange” to have fewer Moroccan immigrants in the country. France prosecuted journalist Eric Zemmour and actress Brigitte Bardot for making remarks critical of Islam. It's not much of a stretch to think that the EP would gladly stifle similar opinions during its proceedings.
The AP describes the EP's current system for cutting off politically incorrect debate and notes that a time-delayed broadcast is also a possibility. But with the multiplicity of languages spoken in the EP and the varying opinions on what constitutes hate speech, “misunderstandings and even abuses could crop up,” observes the news service.
This sort of thing has even supporters of the rule a bit concerned. Helmut Scholz of Germany's left-wing Die Linke party told the AP that EP members, being popularly elected, must be permitted to express their opinions on Europe in parliament, saying, “You can't limit or deny this right.” He also warned that allowing debate to be cut off and remarks to be deleted from the record could lead to fake news based on selective extracts of debates. He said he still thinks there needs to be some way “to stop distribution of” genuinely evil ideas, although the AP admits that such things as “Nazi rallying cries and racist obscenities are relatively rare.”
Parliaments are supposed to be forums for open debate. The pro-EU forces at the EP, however, are apparently afraid of public discussion of certain topics, preferring instead to muzzle those with alternative viewpoints. But if the EU and its member states' open-borders policies are so obviously superior to the alternatives, what do the European elites have to fear?
From algorithms and artificial intelligence to smart contracts, technology will transform the legal profession. Here's what it could mean for law students
There was a time when law firm trainees were essentially glorified administrators. They filled their days with photocopying, pagination and trawling through documents. Now, computers do those mundane tasks much faster and without complaint. As law firms increasingly resemble tech companies, it's up to law students to keep up with the pace of change – and to prove that trainees still have a role.
Understanding the impact of artificial intelligence and machine learning on legal services could set applicants apart when competing for legal training contracts, says Christina Blacklaws, director of innovation at Cripps LLP.
Students will have to put some of the work in themselves, though. Blacklaws thinks law degrees have fallen behind when it comes to equipping graduates with the skills they need. “Some universities are grappling with these issues, but I think they're in the minority,” she says. “Most universities continue to teach a traditional curriculum, which was fine up until a few years ago, but might not properly prepare young people.”
What does the new solicitor super-exam mean for trainees? Read more
This isn't a problem limited to law. Graduates in most subjects are likely to find themselves working more with computers, algorithms and automated systems than their predecessors, and, relative to their peers, budding lawyers need not panic yet. A 2013 study on the future of employment (pdf) examined the risk of algorithms replacing different jobs over the next 20 years, and calculated that lawyers had only a 3.5% chance of losing out to robots. This compares with 94% for paralegals.
The reason is that algorithms are good at making decisions that are more or less binary – judges, for instance, have a 40% chance of replacement. According to Andrew Murray, a professor of technology law at the London School of Economics, lawyers must give advice which presents a number of views taking account of complex issues, and “that's more difficult to programme”.
Some aspects of lawyers' jobs are more vulnerable to change than others. While algorithms are effective at processing data, they're weaker in areas requiring emotional intelligence and human judgment. Complex areas of statutory law, like tax, will benefit from technology's superior processing skills – but humans will probably always be better at negotiating deals, mediating disputes, or making ethical judgments.
If they don't replace lawyers entirely, however, algorithms will certainly shape legal work of the future. Day-to-day laws and rules will increasingly be enforced through algorithmic regulation, which uses an automated system to police everything from dangerous driving to market fraud.
“This changes the role of the lawyer,” Murray says. “An algorithmically-regulated self-driving car would theoretically be unable to speed or to breach dangerous driving laws. This means we will reduce towards zero criminal prosecutions for driving.”
Law students should seek out courses with modules on media, internet, cyberspace and data protection
Murray envisages the lawyers of the future as setting rather than enforcing the rules, working together with programmers to ensure the algorithms are properly written.
Technology is also likely to transform dispute resolution. The physical courtroom where all parties congregate will be replaced with virtual courts. Ebay's resolution centre, although not legally binding, already uses online platforms to resolve consumer protection disputes. Murray thinks that algorithms will replace judges in some cases, with documents written in machine-readable code, such as self-enforcing smart contracts. The lawyer will move from litigating the dispute to programming smart contracts from the outset.
Judge Rinder: 'I was a proper nerd as a law student. I was consumed by it' Read more
Law students looking to take advantage of these changes might consider an internship with large tech companies such as Facebook or Google, Murray suggests: “It shows an awareness of a developing client base.” They should also inform themselves about future clients in emerging areas such as virtual reality, robotics and artificial intelligence.
Students might also look to media companies, where the shift online has spawned new legal dilemmas. Ian Walden, professor of media law at Queen Mary University of London, explains that what was once a “relatively clean subject” has been blurred by the rise of social media and services that span multiple regulatory areas, such as Netflix – which can be classified as both broadcaster and online programme service – and YouTube, which offers both user-generated content and broadcasted programmes. Much of Walden's work as a solicitor involves determining which regulatory regime applies to new services.
Media law is being further shaped by new approaches to privacy. “What we may have considered private 20 years ago wouldn't be now, because it would be regularly disclosed on a public-facing website,” Walden says.
Data protection is superseding privacy as the central area of media law, with a raft of new EU rules coming into force in 2018. This includes a new right to be forgotten, which Walden notes is “of considerable concern to media outlets”. The BBC has set up a new department to deal with requests for information to be taken down.
My degree couldn't prepare me for the harsh realities of work in law Read more
Walden suggests that students interested in these emerging areas should seek out law courses with modules on media, internet, cyberspace and data protection. Advertising is another area he recommends, since it's a critical online revenue stream.
But law students should remember that a degree is an academic, rather than vocational, programme. Murray advises against selecting modules solely on the basis that they might be useful down the line, and suggests students wait until they undertake vocational training in their Legal Practice Course (LPC).
“The best route to getting a training contract is to have a really good academic background,” he says. “Study things you're interested in – whether it's family or commercial law – because I believe that's how you'll perform best.”
The crucial thing law students can do is manage expectations. Their workplaces are unlikely to resemble the courtroom dramas they watched on television growing up. “Students shouldn't be seduced by the Rumpole of the Bailey-type concept of law,” Blacklaws says. “Young people need to expose themselves to the current practice of law, which is evolving so rapidly. The legal profession is very different to how it was five years ago, let alone 10 or 20.”
➞ In 24 years of elk hunting, I've killed eight elk. Seven of them—including all three of my bulls—were on public land. The first bull, a 5x6, was high in the Bitterroot Mountains, in the Bitterroot National Forest, behind a ranch I was managing in 1991. I hunted that fall by shouldering a pack and a rifle and walking out from our cabin. I remember it as one of the greatest adventures of my life, leaving the swathers and the irrigation pipes behind and entering a vast world of elk, mule deer, and black bear, all of it free for the wandering.
That adventure has never ended. Although I love my native Alabama, I've raised my family in the West because of the freedom offered by our public lands. All Americans own a part of the greatest legacy of land the world has ever seen. We hold a 640-million-acre bastion of liberty that is the envy of a world growing more crowded and less free. If that seems too good to be true, that's because it may prove to be so.
Right now, our public lands—where 72 percent of us hunt in the West and where almost all of the best D.I.Y. elk hunting on this planet takes place—are in the crosshairs of some misguided and truly shortsighted politicians. The first ruse is a demand to transfer public lands to control of the states, which have neither the budgets nor the incentives to keep or manage them, and which have already sold the majority of such lands granted to them at statehood. These politicians are counting on the anti–­federal government fury that we all sometimes feel, to blind us to their real plans: the transfer and sell-off of the lands that belong to us all. If they succeed, we won't just lose our ­public-​land elk hunting. Federal water rights and grazing leases that underpin entire Western economies will be in play. We will face a radical remaking of our nation, bringing us in line with the landless citizens of China, Mexico, India, and most of Europe, where only the wealthiest hunt or fish or have access to wild country and clean rivers. It is not too late to stop this effort. Learn all you can, while we still have a chance to decide our own fate, and prepare for a battle.
And for heaven's sake, get out there and enjoy your public lands.
Attending Garland Symphony Orchestra's final concert of the season was pure pleasure. The 93 musicians, directed by Robert Carter Austin, completed the year's theme of La Bella Italian. I sat in the seat reserved for an excellent musician, making me admit to being an imposter. Richard Wagner's “Rienzi” was the overture, followed by the guest artist Lindsay Garritson who brought “Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini, Op. 43” by Sergei Rachmaninoff.
Garritson was in full control of the concert grand piano, so far as I could tell. She was also beautiful in a long silver gown. Her four-inch heels were no hindrance to her pedaling as she presented the Rhapsody.
From the program, I learned the pianist began her piano studies at the age of four. She received her Bachelor of Music with the highest honors from Principia College in Elsah, Ill. in 2008. In 2010, she earned a Master of Music from Yale University, adding an Artist's Diploma in Piano Performance from Yale in 2011.
She won prizes in Austria, Canada and the U.S., and was one of 30 participants invited to compete in the 2013 Van Cliburn International Competition in Fort Worth. She has performed with symphony orchestras in Arizona, South Carolina, Illinois, Florida, Canada and Brazil.
Garritson is also an accomplished violinist and served as concertmaster of the St. Louis Symphony Youth Orchestra from 2003-2006, according to the program. She now lives with her cats in New Haven, Conn. while working toward a Doctor of Musical Arts at the City University of New York.
Following the intermission, the orchestra played “Symphony No. 4 in F Minor, Op. 36” by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
Austin is in his 27th year as music director of the Garland Symphony Orchestra. He's had an interesting path for a classical musician, including a Bachelor of Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a Diploma (with distinction) in Computer Science from Cambridge University and a Master of Musical Arts from Stanford University, according to the program. Following posts as artistic director of the Chattanooga Opera and Southern Regional Opera in Birmingham, he became music director of the Cheyenne Symphony Orchestra and the East Texas Symphony Orchestra in Tyler. He has been musical director of the Garland Symphony Orchestra since 1988. As guest conductor, he has led performances in 11 states and internationally.
Club Circuit
The Woman's Study Club held its spring luncheon May 1 at Dallas Athletic Club with Pat Roach as chairman. Other hostesses were Linda Brownlee, Nell Burt, Jean Popnoe, Pat Walker and Nancy Worden. Each table was centered with fresh flower arrangements carrying out the club's colors of green and white. The program was presented by the Dallas Police Choir. Among guests were Sylvia Dodson of Fort Worth (former Garlandite and club member) and her daughter, Deidre Rice.
Members and guests remembered Jane Holford, who died in April. She wrote the minutes and would then compose a poem with the information.
Pacific Crest Trail Days (an event produced by Outdoor Viewfinder), is a 3-day summer festival that celebrates outdoor recreation, with a focus on hiking, camping, and backpacking. Attendees are able to learn about outdoor products from exhibiting sponsors, participate in activities, games & presentations, win awesome gear at the raffle, watch a series of films, and get great deals at the Gear Expo. Whether you're into car camping, day hiking, or long distance hiking, the gear and info you are looking for will be here!
All raffle proceeds are donated to the Pacific Crest Trail Association and the American Long Distance Hiking Association-West. PCT DAYS is free to attend, with a fee for overnight camping on Thunder Island. Don't miss out on being a part of a great time at the 12th annual PCT DAYS, located in Cascade Locks, Oregon, the heart of the Columbia River Gorge!
Be sure to visit the Facebook event page for up-to-date news and special announcements!
(SPOT.ph) Just because you grew up in a place other than Metro Manila, doesn't mean you don't know what cable is. Or that you have no cell phone service (okay, LTE's a little wonky). Or that you're suffering culture shock now that you're living in, shall we say, an urban landscape. Most promdis are actually pretty well-adjusted to city life. In fact, they have their own little "Probinsyana in the City" world, a unique perspective of living in both worlds. We're just giving you a glimpse of it.
Also read:
10 Things Only People Who Regularly Ride the MRT Would Know
10 Things Only People With Tattoos Would Know
20 Things Only NBSBs Would Know
20 Things Only Manila Drivers Would Know
1. "Ah, taga-La Union ka? Kilala mo ba si..." No. Just no.
2. Though it does go both ways. You know the person being referred to, and you have chismis. In a way, you sort of all know each other.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
3. When you were in school, lunch time was something to get excited about because you could go home, eat home-cooked food, freshen up, and maybe watch a bit of TV, too.
4. You usually have a better grasp of Philippine geography, and find it amusing when people think you're from Bohol when it's Bicol, or Mindanao when it's Mindoro.
5. You've driven over rice spread out on the road. In Manila, bad traffic and road repairs cripple the lanes, but in the province, the impediment is palay being dried out on the street.
6. Getting to a beach in the province is faster than getting to Makati from Quezon City during rush hour. In fact, it's so close, you've probably swum in your PJs at some point.
7. You've gotten excited when a traveling carnival or circus came along during fiesta.
8. You've actually celebrated fiestas-the kind with majorettes, beauty pageants, and parades mixed with some religious celebration. Traditions like Pasyon, Easter Angels (little kids wearing wings suspended under a dome), and Penitensya are slowly winding down, but they're still pretty common.
9. Words or expressions from your local language sometimes get mixed up with your usually straight Filipino.
10. You're tired of people assuming you love spicy food because you're from Bicol or that you're obsessed with dried mangoes and Shamrock cookies because you're from Cebu. You haven't had them in a while-in fact, only when an officemate brings some from a weekend trip. The Kapampangans? Well, they really really love food.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
11. When you were a kid, "new movies" would only be shown in your town months after its Manila release. You either traveled to the big city to watch it, or you waited. Very, very patiently.
12. After visiting the province, you end up with a punto for a couple of days or so. And it's really hard to shake off.
13. For your younger self, the huge billboards in Manila were majestic things of wonder.
14. You've been face-to-face with a carabao. Though your city isn't exactly rural (it's really, really modern, in fact), seeing carabaos mingle with cars on the road is a perfectly normal sight. They're usually pulling loads of wood or grazing at an empty grassy lot.
15. You know that the stars are bright, twinkly things. Because, you know, the lights aren't that bright in the provinces-yet.
16. You know exactly what a dish from your province should taste like. No, this is not how your lola makes it back home.
17. An out-of-town trip with the barkada usually means you're the designated planner, simply because they assume you'd know what to do even if you're not from said town. If all else fails, your last resort is your hometown. It's the easiest solution.
18. Going to college in Manila was a big deal back in high school.
19. Though your city isn't exactly rural now, traffic isn't always as bad as Manila during rush hour. Nothing really is.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
20. Then again, you're sort of used to a really long commute home. A seven-hour bus ride, then a boat, and a tricycle ride? No problem.
Also read:
10 Things Only People Who Regularly Ride the MRT Would Know
10 Things Only People With Tattoos Would Know
20 Things Only NBSBs Would Know
20 Things Only Manila Drivers Would Know
During Judge Neil Gorsuch's Supreme Court confirmation hearing on Tuesday, Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) asked Gorsuch about remarks made by President Donald Trump's Chief of Staff Reince Preibus and Chief Strategist Steve Bannon at the recent Conservative Political Action Committee (CPAC) conference in D.C. about plans for the “deconstruction of the administrative state.”
“Mr. Priebus [said] your nomination was central to President Trump's fulfilling his policy objectives, quote, ‘Neil Gorsuch represents a type of judge that has a vision of President Trump, and it,' — referring to your nomination — ‘fulfills the promise that he made to all of you,' speaking to the conservative activists gathered at CPAC,” Franken said. “What do you think that Mr. Priebus was talking about?”
“Respectfully, Senator, Mr. Priebus doesn't speak for me and I don't speak for him,” Gorsuch said. “I don't appreciate when people characterize me, as I'm sure you don't appreciate when people characterize you.
“I like to speak for myself,” Gorsuch said. “I am a judge.
“I am my own man,” Gorsuch added.
Franken then pressed Gorsuch about Bannon's remarks at CPAC.
“I want to get back to the panel at CPAC,” Franken said. “After Mr. Priebus discussed your nomination, Steve Bannon talked about the president's agenda,” Franken said. “He described three priorities; one of them was, quote, ‘The deconstruction of the administrative state.'”
“Here's what Mr. Bannon meant by that,” Franken said. “He said that regulation was a problem from his perspective and, quote, ‘Every business leader we've had in is saying not just taxes but it is also regulation.'”
“He said that if you look at the President's appointees, quote, ‘They were selected for a reason and that is deconstruction,'” Franken said. “The way the progressive left runs is if they can't get it passed [in legislation] they're just going to put in some sort of regulation in an agency.'”
“Taking Steve Bannon at his word, do you think only Cabinet appointees were selected to bring about this deconstruction or do you think the White House also sees a role here for its judicial nominees?” Franken asked Gorsuch.
“Senator, respectfully, I believe that's a question best directed to Mr. Bannon,” Gorsuch replied.
The Senate Judiciary Committee is expected to continue Gorsuch's confirmation hearing for two more days.
The Moto G's is designed to offer top end performance traditionally seen on handsets three times its price Business Insider It's very rare for me as a reviewer to get excited about an affordable Android smartphone.
This is because normally the only thing smart about an affordable smartphone is its name.
The key reasons for this are:
However, in this sea of monotony there has been one player that has constantly bucked this trend and released an actually smart cheap smartphone - Motorola.
Motorola initially did this in 2013 when it released its first generation Moto G. Despite costing a modest £135 the 2013 Moto G featured fairly decent specs.
Chief of these were a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor, 4.5in HD display and use of a close untouched version of Google's then up-to-date Android Jelly Bean operating system.
The combination of factors let the Moto G 2013 offer the performance of phone's close to twice its price and made it a milestone moment in smartphone history.
If fact, it was so impressive that walking into Motorola's London event on July 28, I didn't have high hopes it would be able to repeat its 2013 success. Business Insider
To my surprise though, it seems Motorola has done exactly that, unveiling a new 2015 Moto G it claims will offer features and performance traditionally seen on handsets three times more expensive.
Having tested the device for a full hour on event's the showroom floor, while it's too early to give any definitive verdicts, I have to say I am in impressed and the 2015 Moto G appears to have addressed all three of my regular concerns with affordable phones.
Nuts and bolts
Kicking off with my first issue about power and performance, the Moto G's key specs include:
A 13MP rear and 5MP front camera.
5.0in HD display
Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 410 processor.
2,740mAh battery Motorola claims will last "up to 24 hours mixed use."
Android 5.1.1 Lollipop
Either 8GB (£159) or 16GB (£179) of internal storage with the option to add a further 32GB via its microSD card slot.
I'm not going to pretend these specs come close to matching flagship smartphones, like the Nexus 6, but considering the fact the Moto G is radically cheaper, the specs are pretty amazing. This is especially true when you consider the extra features Motorola's added to the Moto G. Business Insider
For example, the Moto G's 13MP rear camera has the same sensor as the one used on the Nexus 6.
While I didn't get a chance to see any of the images I shot during my hands on blown up on a big screen, I found the Moto G's camera was suitably responsive and had a fairly reactive autofocus.
The display also looked suitably sharp and colour balance levels were realistic and didn't look overly saturated.
Though I didn't get a chance to see how the Moto G dealt with heavy tasks, such as 3D gaming, during my hands-on I also didn't notice any serious performance issues.
Future proofing
Moving onto my second issue regarding upgrades, Motorola has played the canny trick of not skinning Android on the Moto G.
This is a big deal, as devices running unskinned versions of Android are able to receive updates from Google far faster than their skinned counterparts. This is because the custom code on altered versions of Android, like those seen on the Galaxy S6 or HTC One M9, needs to be tweaked to work with the update, a practice that can take weeks or even months. Business Insider
As a result, by running a nearly untouched version of Android, the Moto G should be able to get future Android software updates faster.
A Motorola employee on hand at the launch event backed up this notion when he told me "he's 99 percent certain they will be upgraded to Android M" when Google launches the update later this year.
I've reached out to Motorola for confirmation of this.
Android M is the developer preview of Google's general software update, which is scheduled to arrive at an unspecified point later this year.
The final question
Regarding my final concern about build quality, here the Moto G again appears to deliver. Motorola's designed the Moto G to be IPX7-certified.
The certification means the handset should resist both water and scratches.
Specifically, the certification means the Moto G can survive water submersions of depths up to one metre for 30 minutes. Business Insider
During my hands-on, Motorola was generous enough to let me test this claim and try and drown one of the demo units in a water tank on the showroom floor.
I didn't get a chance to keep the Moto G underwater for the full half hour it survived its 10 minute submersion with no hassles.
I also got to drop test the Moto G onto the carpeted event room floor, where again it survived free of scratches and marks.
Overall
Having had a solid hour with the 2015, I am very impressed. The handset appears to answer all three of my primary concerns about budget smartphones.
Hopefully my positive impressions of the Moto G will ring true after I've more thoroughly put it through its paces for Business Insider's full review - which I'm working on now.
RealClearPolitics.com has Donald Trump still leading in national polling, followed by Dr. Ben Carson in second place, and Carly Florina in third. Ted Cruz is tied for fourth with Marco Rubio. While we will learn more about the strength and weaknesses of these candidates as the campaign progresses, one of them has a formidable asset in conservative circles all others lack.
Pastor Rafael Cruz, father of Ted Cruz, is a conservative, evangelical force to be reckoned with. At least that's how it looks from my seat in the front row of the first-in-the-nation caucus state of Iowa.
Advertisement:
I sat at a corner table when the senior Cruz spoke recently to a standing room only crowd of about 60 people at a coffee shop in Knoxville, Iowa, population 7,200 (more or less). My guess is that all were Republicans, and most, if not all, are Christians in a world where they see Christian influence waning, if not under attack. Historic and current global persecution of Christians is part of their intellectual DNA, and they take this persecution personally, despite the fact that Christians in the United States are arguably the most privileged religious group in the history of the planet.
All were white, and middle- and lower-middle-class economically. Perhaps a quarter of adults in the audience — both men and women — are veterans. Most would tell you they want less government, less meddling in their lives from Washington, D.C., and from the statehouse in Des Moines. They believe Washington has created a dependent class that is taking money from their pockets, and bleeding Americans of the will to work. They see economic reality in stereotypes; e.g., Democrats as spendthrifts and Republicans as fiscally responsible, despite lots of historical evidence to the contrary.
While most will admit privately the presidency of George W. Bush was a failure, the ideology of being conservative is bone deep. Obama is weak on terrorism and defense, Obamacare is socialism, and the world is going to hell because of liberals. Many of the folks in the audience come from humble beginnings, pulled themselves up by their clichéd bootstraps, and see themselves as successes because of the opportunities our country offered for their determination, their hard work, their family, and their faith. Their news filter is Fox News, although they might tune to MSNBC once in a while for laughs.
Cruz has instant credibility in this world, and during his speech he made them part of a compelling story where he, the audience, and his son Ted were partners on a shared journey where together they could save America from the abyss.
Born in Cuba in 1939, the 79-year-old Cruz has a story that reaffirms their own world view. He suffered beatings, torture, and imprisonment for his participation in the revolt against Cuban dictator Fulgencio Batista. He fought for Fidel Castro, and became disillusioned when he learned Castro was a communist. In 1957, at age 18, he fled Cuba with $100 sewed into his underwear to enroll as a student at the University of Texas. He received his degree in math and became a U.S. citizen in 2005.
His origin story and personal epiphany about Castro was the starting point of his speech to the crowd. And what a speech. It began quietly, and slowly raised the audience's passion until he received a standing ovation at the end. Like some of the more effective church services I have attended, it was punctuated by “amens,” "yeahs,” “that's right,” and other exultations by the audience. The main themes? There were two. To borrow a phrase from Hunter Thompson — Fear and loathing.
Advertisement:
To Cruz, there are many things to fear, and many people to loathe. And he was masterful at getting us to make the connection, and used thoughtful and well-researched historical anecdotes punctuated with Bible verses, hyperbole, and passionate exaggeration sprinkled with the truth to make his points.
He began with a reference to a charismatic leader from his youth, who spoke of hope and change and who appealed to the younger Cuban generation, only to eventually betray them and their country. He repeated the phrase “hope and change” so often I could see the iconic 2008 Obama "Hope" poster transformed in my mind's eye to an image where Obama's portrait was replaced with one of a cigar smoking Castro.
Equating Obama and Castro drew applause from the audience—it doesn't matter that Castro's actual slogan and motto of the Cuban Revolution was Patria o Muerte (Homeland or Death), as it set the stage for not only fearing Obama but also loathing him as much as one might a communist dictator.
And why not, as Cruz believes that Obama is a communist who wants to turn our nation into a communist one? There is plenty of fear and loathing for Hillary Clinton as well, and here I'm going to quote Cruz directly.
Advertisement:
"Our country's on the edge of a precipice. If Hillary Clinton becomes president in 2016 you can kiss this country goodbye. This country cannot survive another four years, let alone eight of these failed economic policies of this failed Obama administration. We have had the most lawless administration in the history of this country. We have an administration that tramples on the Constitution, tramples on the Declaration, tramples on the separation of powers, tramples on the rule of law, and basically is destroying this country at an accelerated pace. And I will tell you what, Hillary is no better than Obama. Hillary is a Saul Alinsky follower just like Obama. Read Alinsky's rules for radicals and the Communist Manifesto, they look identical. Alinsky was a communist and his teachings are marxist…They are trying to take this country down the same road.”
Cruz regularly reminded his audience that he and they are victims. To Cruz, and to many in his audience, Christianity is under attack from a variety of fronts.
“We have a lot of religious persecution in America. More specifically, we have a lot of Christian persecution in America.”
Even when Obama talks about his support for the freedom of worship, Cruz sees it as a repudiation of Christianity.
Advertisement:
“The Obama administration has been talking about freedom of worship. Most of us don't see anything wrong with that. [But] freedom of worship and freedom of religion are two entirely different things. Freedom of worship is what you do in a house of worship. In all communist countries you have freedom of worship…Obama is trying to restrict our freedom of expression in the marketplace. That is not America. America is the only country on the face of the earth that was founded on the word of God. Don't believe this garbage from Obama that this is not a Christian nation, this country was founded by Christians; was founded as a Christian nation.”
Cruz's reference to Obama saying this is not a Christian nation probably refers to a 2006 speech Obama gave regarding the plurality of religions in America. Many other Christians have also interpreted Obama's remarks in a manner similar to Cruz.
The nonpartisan, nonprofit FactCheck.org presents Obama's prepared remarks, and what was actually said.
Advertisement:
Here are his prepared remarks:
Obama, June 28, 2006 (as prepared): Given the increasing diversity of America's population, the dangers of sectarianism have never been greater. Whatever we once were, we are no longer just a Christian nation; we are also a Jewish nation, a Muslim nation, a Buddhist nation, a Hindu nation, and a nation of nonbelievers.
Here is what he actually said, where he stumbles a bit:
Obama, June 28, 2006 (as delivered): Whatever we once were, we are no longer a Christian nation – at least, not just. We are also a Jewish nation, a Muslim nation, a Buddhist nation, and a Hindu nation, and a nation of nonbelievers.
True enough. There are more faiths than Christianity in America.
So what bothers many Christians about this statement? Perhaps because they don't like the fact that not all Americans are Christians? I doubt this, as most of my most devout Christian friends seem to welcome those of other faiths.
Advertisement:
Why the anger? Perhaps it is because to Cruz and other critics the statement seems dismissive of the influence Christianity had in the formation of our nation. Most of the founding fathers were Christian, although many were influenced by the deism popular at the time. So yes, Cruz is correct, this country was founded by Christians, but needs the addendum that not all were Christians. But was the country founded as a Christian nation as he suggests? That too is open to interpretation since it is impossible to get into the heads of the founding fathers, but if one looks to our founding document, the Constitution, there is no mention of Christianity in it, there is no mention of Jesus; indeed, there is no mention of God. The constitution is a secular document.
This is irrelevant to Cruz. Perhaps the one mention of God, and the one mention of Creator in the Declaration of Independence is enough. Note, however that there is no mention of Christianity, or Jesus in the Declaration.
These facts aside, Cruz painted a moving portrait of our founding fathers as Christians. While we are all accustomed to our religious leaders, lay experts, and even neighbors cherry-picking the Bible to support their positions, Cruz evidently uses skills he acquired in theology class to cherry-pick our history as well. Listening to Cruz, it's almost as if the deist Thomas Jefferson was an early day Billy Graham or Rick Warren, and nearly every battle was fought in the front yard of Christian Churches only by members of the congregation. Of course, since even a side reference to the considerable literature of the role of Jews in the Revolutionary War would distract from his point, no wonder it was left out.
Bottom line, Cruz's intent was to illustrate his thesis that “the separation of Church and State is a myth.”
Advertisement:
Irrespective of Cruz's historical revisionism—the crowd loved it. Of course, to give Cruz credit, it was a political speech designed to move the audience the way he wanted it to move, not a classroom history lesson.
The Wall Street Journal and others have expressed the opinion that Pastor Cruz's Bible-laced speeches could alienate swing voters. I doubt it. Most swing voters that would be alienated by the senior Cruz have already been alienated by his son Ted. I also think that the Cruz campaign could care less about swing voters right now. All they care about is the caucuses and primaries. Ted can always distance himself from his father in 2016—but he needs to rally his base now.
Pastor Cruz was up front that Ted's campaign could care less about the general election right now. And here he shows considerable loathing for Republicans as well.
“The battle isn't November of 2016. The battle is the primary. If you look at the last 40 years, every time we have had a mushy, middle of the road moderate as our candidate in the Republican party we have lost. We lost with Gerald Ford, we lost with Dole before that (Dole actually lost to Bill Clinton in 1996) we lost with George H. W. Bush in '92 — before that it was the third term of Reagan - we lost with McCain, we lost with Romney. If we have again a mushy middle-of-the-road candidate we will lose. So the battle is the primary.”
Advertisement:
Cruz believes that middle-of-the-road candidates discourage the base from coming out, and thereby keeping Republicans from winning. He put it this way:
“In 2012, 12 million evangelicals were not registered…40% of evangelicals and Catholics didn't vote… If we don't vote, we get what we deserve…Don't blame God for putting Obama in power. We were sitting in our pews singing hallelujah while the country was going down the drain, or if we are sitting on our couches watching the idiot box instead of getting involved in the political process it becomes our fault…”
Of course, Pastor Cruz believes his son Ted is the conservative leader who can lead our country to greatness, that all conservatives can rally around. That Ted is on the right side of the political spectrum rather than closer to the center is seen as a positive, not a negative.
“Reagan didn't run being just a little to the right of Carter. He ran as the opposite…Reagan was seen by the establishment as non-electable. He not only won, he won by a landslide twice. The man for principled conservatives to coalesce around now—that man is Ted Cruz. Let us all come together and make America again that shining city on a hill to the glory of God.”
Advertisement:
Near the end of the question and answer session, Pastor Cruz walked up to a boy, maybe eight to ten years old, who was seated at a table.
What is your name?” he asked, hands folded, looking down at the boy.
“Thaddeus,” the boy replied, looking up, eyes widening.
"I'm so glad you are here… Let me tell you Thaddeus, I don't want to shock you, but let me tell you something. We are fighting for your future (amens came from the crowd), and if we lose, you will not have a future. Do you understand what I am saying?”
Advertisement:
Thaddeus gulped and nodded. Cruz looked up to the rest of the audience, opening his arms wide.
“We are fighting for the future of our children, and our grandchildren. That is why we cannot lose this fight. It is their future that is at stake, because the way this country is going, if we don't change it, they will not have a future. If things continue the way they have someday we will be sitting and telling our children and grandchildren about back when America was free. I'm not willing to have that conversation.”
The crowd erupted.
Toward the end of the 2016 election season, a scandal erupt-… well, it didn't erupt. It sputtered a bit, but that's largely because it concerned Hillary Clinton's email scandal.
Bill Clinton was spotted meeting with Barack Obama's Attorney General, Loretta Lynch. This was during the height of the email investigation and it was shady as all hell. As one would expect, Republicans and conservatives demanded this receives the attention it deserved – at the very least, enough media scrutiny to cause Lynch to come out and say whether or not she would recuse herself.
Of course, that didn't happen and the media reported on it briefly and moved on. They, to borrow Obama's phrase, felt there was no there there.
The coverage the event did garner, however, seems to have been under protest. How do we know this? The American Center for Law and Justice released emails between reporters and the Department of Justice, and the reporters were clearly not enthused about being assigned the story.
The non-profit American Center for Law and Justice published emails Friday that showed reporters asking Department of Justice officials for details on the meeting. Mark Landler, a reporter for the Times, is seen in one June 30 email reaching out to a DOJ official to say he's “been pressed into service to write about the questions being raised” by the meeting. Matt Zapotosky with the Post emailed a DOJ official the same day after several other emails to say that his editors “are still pretty interested” in the story but that he wanted to “put it to rest.” Lynch and Clinton had met on the tarmac in Phoenix to discuss “primarily social” matters, according to public comments Lynch made after the meeting.
The full emails can be seen at the ACLJ's site here.
It's a fascinating inside look at the mind of a liberal journalist. They cannot hide their contempt for writing a story they don't like. Whether or not the story is something they want to cover, it is their job to do so and to do it to the best of their ability, not half-ass it in order to get it out of the way. These are the same kinds of journalists who will preach at you about being so important that they will fight the current White House for access because the American people have to know.
It's absurd. And it's hypocritical.
A strange air of unreality has hung over the presidential campaign, in which a candidate who poses a mortal risk to the sanctity of American democracy and world peace has a disconcertingly high chance of winning, yet the prospect somehow has not felt real. Intelligent people continue to debate the exact size of this risk. Nate Silver has called the race close to a tie.
The latest polling is consistent with a Clinton lead of only ~1% nationally. State firewall breaking up. Trend lines awful. — Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) September 26, 2016
Economist Justin Wolfers replies that betting markets continue to favor Hillary Clinton.
Prediction markets rate Clinton a 70% chance to win. And yet @NateSilver538 says... pic.twitter.com/XNqGvioMjV — Justin Wolfers (@JustinWolfers) September 26, 2016
Should the wisdom of the markets comfort Democrats, non-authoritarian Republicans, and other people who are fond of life on Earth as we know it? No, it probably shouldn't. Betting markets do not appear to have any special knowledge. The prediction markets badly missed the outcome of the Brexit vote. Markets also gave Trump less than a 50 percent chance of securing his party's nomination in February, and less than a 60 percent chance as recently as April. In both of these cases, prediction markets diverged from what the polling suggested, and the polling proved correct. The other commonality between these events is that conventional wisdom reflected the preferences of social and economic elites, who refused to take seriously beliefs held by very few people in their own circles.
So what do the polls say? FiveThirtyEight, Silver's site, gives Clinton a 51.5 percent chance of winning. The Upshot, the New York Times calculator, gives her a 69 percent chance. (Both forecasts are based mostly on polling results.) Silver's forecast makes Clinton the equivalent of a football team that is a 1-point favorite. The Upshot's forecast makes her the equivalent of a 5.5-point favorite.
If your football team is either a 1-point favorite or a 5.5-point favorite, then you should be deeply concerned about the chance of losing. If the outcome is not a football game but the chance that the Executive branch falls under the control of a bigoted, uninformed, dictator-admiring man-child, you should be more than concerned. You should be freaked out.
The UK Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC) has slashed its forecasts for new renewable power capacity by more than a third over the next decade, Carbon Brief analysis shows.
The updated forecasts lay bare the consequences of policy changes introduced by secretary of state Amber Rudd since the May general election. They were published last week in an obscure annex on DECC's website, on the same day as Rudd was giving her “reset speech” on a new direction for UK energy policy.
DECC has also raised its forecasts for new-build gas and interconnector capacity, our analysis shows, while scaling back expectations for new nuclear and carbon capture and storage (CCS).
The forecasts suggest it will now be harder for the UK to meet its legally-binding carbon budget for 2028-32, due to be unveiled later this week.
Winds of change
Each year, DECC publishes a series of energy and emissions projections setting out its expectations for fossil fuel prices, economic growth, power generation and other key indicators.
Energy-related forecasting is fraught with challenges. Still, the results show how DECC expects things to evolve. Differences between the latest forecasts and those made a year ago under the Coalition government reflect a range of factors: changes in policy, along with shifts in underlying cost and price assumptions.
The table below shows the difference between this year's forecasts for cumulative new-build power capacity, and those made a year ago. Negative numbers show DECC now expects less capacity to be built than it did in 2014. Positive numbers show it has raised its expectations.
The table shows how DECC has downgraded its expectations for each of the main low-carbon sources of electricity in this year's projections. For nuclear, this reflects the latest delay to the completion of the planned Hinkley C plant in Somerset, which will not now be ready before 2025.
For CCS, it reflects the slow progress being made with two pilot plants, the White Rose and Peterhead schemes. However, the reductions are particularly striking for renewables.
Last year, DECC said 34 gigawatts (GW) of new renewable capacity would be built by 2025. Now, it has reduced this figure to 22GW, more than a third lower, as the second table below shows.
Richard Nourse, managing partner at Greencoat Capital, tells Carbon Brief that DECC's new forecasts see just 10GW of new renewables being added in total during the 2020s.
Last week, Rudd said the government would support up to 10GW of offshore wind during the decade. Her department's forecast would therefore leave no room for other renewables to be built — whether onshore wind, solar, tidal, biomass or other.
In total, DECC's latest forecasts see 27GW of renewables being added to 2030. For comparison, the Committee on Climate Change suggests at least 40GW must be added in order to stay on track for the UK's carbon budgets.
Dash for gas
In contrast to low-carbon sources of power, DECC is now forecasting higher deployment of new gas-fired generation capacity, particularly in the 2030s. It expects 27GW of new-build gas by 2035, up from 16GW in last year's figures.
The shift appears to reflect Rudd's pro-gas rhetoric. This has sparked fears of a new dash for gas, which could lock the UK into continued fossil fuel use in the 2030s, when gas-fired electricity is supposed to be on the way out.
DECC's forecasts show the UK generating up to 70% more gas-fired electricity in the early 2030s than was expected last year, Carbon Brief analysis shows. The department's forecasts also show the UK to be further away from its carbon targets than thought a year ago.
The other major change compared to last year's forecasts is a doubling of expected new-build interconnector capacity. DECC clearly has brighter expectations for new undersea cables, reflecting plans in the works for links to Norway, Belgium, and France.
The changes in DECC's forecasts for new-build power capacity are summarised in the chart below. As with the tables, negative bars show DECC has downgraded this year's forecast compared to the 2014 number while positive bars reflect raised expectations.
Conclusion
Policy changes introduced since May are likely to increase UK emissions, according to BBC analysis published earlier this month. Carbon Brief's analysis of DECC's projections illustrates the department's own understanding of how its policies have altered the UK's energy path.
Carbon Brief asked DECC to comment on our analysis, but had not received a response at the time of publication.
On Thursday, the Committee on Climate Change will recommend a legally-binding carbon budget for 2028-32, a target which is likely to be harder to reach in light of DECC's significantly reduced expectations for low-carbon sources of electricity in that period.
The UK could still meet its carbon budgets. But the growing gap between the targets and projected emissions must be closed with new policies, if the UK is to stay on track. Last week, Rudd said she would set out her plans to meet the fourth and fifth carbon budgets in the second half of 2016.
Update 25/11/15 – We added further details on forecast renewables additions during the 2020s.
Main image: Uamh Beagh and Braes of Doune wind farm, Scotland. Credit: © 145/Andrew Holt/Ocean/Corbis.
Montreal police are asking for the public's help to locate a 33-year-old woman missing since late Wednesday night.
Katherine Anne Peacock's family says she left her Rosemont–Petite-Patrie residence Wednesday around 11 p.m. and police were notified Thursday.
Peacock left home without her wallet and cellphone and police say her family is concerned for her safety.
Katherine Peacock. (Facebook) In a Facebook post, her brother Darren Peacock said his sister has been taking walks recently near the St. Lawrence River and the Lachine Canal in the Lachine/Verdun area.
"I know she would appreciate your thoughts and prayers," Darren Peacock wrote.
Police described Katherine Peacock as white, five-feet-four-inches tall, and weighing 100 lbs.
She was wearing a brown hooded jacket at the time of her disappearance.
If you think you might have seen Peacock, contact Montreal police at 514-393-1133.
The female Jesus, Lightning Deng (left) and Eastern Lightning founder, Zhao Weishan.
In some ways, Eastern Lightning are hilarious. For starters, the cult's core belief is that Jesus Christ has been reincarnated as a middle-aged Chinese woman called Lightning Deng who now lives in Chinatown, New York. Then there are the bizarre evangelising attempts to recruit China's rural communities – stuff like the sudden appearance of live snakes painted with scripture and mysterious glow sticks hidden in people's homes that somehow (I'm really not sure how) signal the second coming of Christ.
Leaders of Christian groups warn their members against the "flirty fishing" methods supposedly adopted by Eastern Lightning ladies to convert Christian men to the path of their female Christ. Lastly, of course, there's the name, which sounds more like an energy drink or AC/DC cover band than a cult. Perhaps that's why, these days, they often use the alias "Church of the Almighty God".
To their victims, though, Eastern Lightning aren't a joke. In fact, to some they must seem kind of terrifying. The cult operate by infiltrating China's underground house churches (proper ones are banned in China) and integrating themselves into the community, before allegedly seducing, kidnapping, bribing or blackmailing members into joining them. Highly organised and comprised of over a million members, according to some estimates, Eastern Lightning train their leaders to build trust slowly over months before making their move.
Their activities have not gone unnoticed by the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the two sides are currently engaged in a low-key fight to the death.
Items Eastern Lightning adherents hid in people's homes as part of their evangelising scheme.
One of Eastern Lightning's main tenets is that the Communist Party of China is Satan incarnate – they call it “The Great Red Dragon” – and that its rise to power signifies the end of the world. That may sound like the plot of a video-game, but in a country where the persecution of Christians continues to rise and unregistered religious leaders are imprisoned or “re-educated through labour" by the government, it's perhaps not all that surprising that religious rhetoric is becoming so militant.
Eastern Lightning started in the 90s when their founder, Zhao Weishan, met a woman in Zhengzhou, Henan province. The woman called herself “Lightning Deng” and had written a book, Lightning from the Orient, which re-styled the Christian narrative in Chinese terms. It's unclear whether the two are in on the plot together – or whether Zhao is taking advantage of Deng – but what's certain is that it was Zhao who declared her to be the reincarnation of Christ and started gathering followers with her as the spiritual leader.
The pair is currently thought to be “escaping religious persecution” in Chinatown, New York, where they continue to spread their religion safe from the fiery death-breath of The Great Red Dragon. Eastern Lightning pamphlets have also shown up in San Francisco, which has a large Chinese immigrant population.
While the cult have remained largely secretive in their home country, they briefly surfaced at the end of last year, holding protests across China to coincide with the "Mayan Apocalypse". Wei Guangzheng, a 30-year-old interior designer from Hebei province, told me some peculiar stories about the cult, which began to take hold of his neighbourhood around the time of the 2012 apocalypse washout.
“Most of their believers live in the countryside, with little education, and they're mostly unemployed," he said. "They dance naked together in their basement – all female – and light up bonfires, like a party. A few days before the 2012 ‘Doomsday', a preacher came to our house when my mother was alone, saying that the end of the world was coming and she had to join Eastern Lightning to be saved. My mum replied, 'I've arranged to play mahjong with friends and I have to go. I haven't got time to believe in God right now.' Good one, Mum."
Eastern Lightning adherents protest against the Communist Party of China on December the 21st, 2012, to coincide with the "Mayan apocalypse".
The government has been upping its efforts to root out the cult since the December 2012 protests, sometimes subjecting Christian house church members to violent interrogations in an effort to reach Eastern Lightning members.
Dennis Balcombe, a well-known American pastor who preaches in China, was released from house arrest a few months ago after being detained during a government crackdown on large religious congregations. After determining that he wasn't an Eastern Lightning adherent, the authorities let him go. I spoke to Dennis about his experiences being targeted both by the government and the cult.
“I was recently detained by the Religious Affairs Bureau after a hotel worker reported our meeting," he told me. "They sent a few dozen police to see if we were Eastern Lightning or not, but concluded that we weren't and let us go. Paranoia about Eastern Lightning has been growing since the December 21st Mayan prophecy. They're extremely violent and use sex to try to convert people. I've heard stories of Christians being burned, beaten and told to kill their children. When they kidnap you, you usually don't get out for six months, and that whole time they're trying to brainwash you."
A depiction of the Second Coming of Christ (this time as a woman and in China) from the Eastern Lightning Bible, Lightning from the Orient.
While it's not possible for us to corroborate these claims, Dennis continued to allege that Eastern Lightning aren't just concerned with religion, but with making a profit out of their converts. "They're like the mafia," he told me. "They've extorted 100 million Remnibi (£10,816,300) from mainly poor, rural people. They're extremely well-trained – it's like a criminal element infiltrating your church. Leaders of Christian house churches have also been offered huge sums of money – like 150,000 Remnibi (£16,218) – to bring their followers and themselves into the cult. The government believes they have funds coming from outside of China.”
Dennis told me how, by training leaders over Skype, the cult have managed to spread all over Asia, establish a base in Hong Kong and become “more aggressive than ever before”. He was recently confronted by four Eastern Lightning members trying to convert him while at a religious conference in Hong Kong. When they refused to leave, he took his camera out, hoping to obtain a photo to show authorities, but was physically attacked by the women. Before they could wrench the camera from him, he snapped a photo and got away.
American pastor Dennis Balcombe says these women are Eastern Lightning followers, attacking him at a conference in Hong Kong.
Outside of Chinese Christian communities, the cult's violent activities go largely unreported. But within those circles, Eastern Lightning are highly feared. I contacted the director of one of the largest Christian ministries in Asia, but he declined to speak to me out of fear that the cult would target him. He did tell me that, "there are many Chinese who would comment", but that they wouldn't want to be interviewed because, "they tended to be house church leaders on the run from the police".
I contacted multiple defectors from the cult, but they also refused to comment, suspecting that I was somehow connected with Eastern Lightning or the government. The deeper I dug, the more I realised that their paranoia made absolute sense.
In 2002, Eastern Lightning kidnapped 34 leading members of an underground Christian network, the China Gospel Fellowship, and held them captive for two months. I managed to speak to an American missionary, Hope Flinchbaugh, who met one of the kidnapped Fellowship leaders while in China. According to Flinchbagh, women from the cult seduced the captured pastors and took compromising photographs to blackmail them later if they resisted their conversion efforts.
One pastor, she said, was drugged and restrained while two women whispered Eastern Lightning doctrine into both of his ears throughout the night. Others had "legs broken and ears cut off". When one of the victims finally escaped and informed the police, every single one of the cult members supposedly disappeared without leaving a trace.
Recently, the cult seems to be distancing themselves from their violent reputation and moving into a stage of positive PR. By expanding outside mainland China, where they aren't forced underground, Eastern Lightning have been able to put on a friendly face, opening offices and evangelising through a flashy new website that pegs the kidnappings and other horror stories as propaganda. "The government of the great red dragon," the website claims, "used all kinds of cruel means to suppress in a bloody way, making the country filled with rumours. The entire Mainland China became a world of terror." That same website, however, also has a section entitled “Typical Cases of Punishment for Resisting the Almighty God.” This includes an account of Li X, a 55-year-old woman from Ruzhou City, whose "vagina bled and discharged rotten flesh" when she supposedly prevented Eastern Lightning from preaching in her village. "At the time when the people were putting her body into the coffin," the story goes, "a thunderbolt suddenly came from the sky, and it flashed around in front of the funeral shed like a fiery dragon.”
An unnamed man who was kidnapped by Eastern Lightning. The top half of his ear is cut off – the same method of abuse the cult allegedly used on 34 China Gospel Fellowship leaders in 2002.
I contacted their offices in Hong Kong and Macau. Both of them denied all of the claims against them, and distanced themselves from the mainland group. A spokesperson from the Macau office said, "I've heard stories, but I don't believe that they could have anything to do with people from our Church. Our Church centres around beliefs in love and loving other people. That's why I don't think someone from our Church would do harm to someone else. You've got to look at where these stories are coming from: from the government. And what is the government in China like at the moment? They don't necessarily always tell the truth about people. Our beliefs are about being good to people, so we could never hurt anyone."
A member of the Church in Hong Kong said: "That's in China, we're in Hong Kong, so we don't really hear about stories like that. But they're just stories and could have come from anywhere... These kinds of stories are hearsay, so we can't really comment on them."
Considering Eastern Lightning are essentially the Marlo Stanfield of the Chinese messiah complex game – holding gatherings at short notice, using code-names and mobile phones registered under false aliases, resisting confession in police interrogations, scattering at the first sign of police, etc, etc – it's no surprise that the government is trying and failing so hard to crush them. The rest of Eastern Lightning's evasion tactics are detailed in a document titled, "The Measures Against the Big Red Dragon's Spies".
So what exactly are the Big Red Dragon's spies up to? In 2002, a secret Chinese government document was leaked to the US congress by an American Christian NGO. It contained a speech by Bi Rongsheng, the deputy director of the religion section of the Public Security Bureau (PSB) of Heilongjiang Province. In it, the Chinese official reveals his government's great anxiety about Eastern Lightning and their need to “work more [and] talk less to smash the cult quietly”.
He admits that “our intelligence work has not touched deep into the core of this cult organisation to such a point of a breakthrough, placing us on the defensive” and expresses worry that it will “definitely disturb people's thought and seriously endanger the rule of the Party”.
He argues for the need to “enhance the build-up of secret forces and the operation of planted agents” and emphasises that “the open trial is not appropriate for this cult case”. At one point he even expresses fear that Eastern Lightning have begun “to infiltrate into inner circles of the Party”.
The Eastern Lightning Bible (on the right).
The CPC has historical reasons to be terrified of apocalyptic movements – the millenarian Taiping Rebellion in the 19th century caused over 20 million deaths – but the issue isn't so black and white. Eastern Lightning may be guilty of torture, kidnapping, sedition and extortion on a huge scale – and, in some cases, of murder. But so is the CPC.
When China decided that the spiritual movement Falun Gong was a dangerous outlet for social discontent in 1999, they began a huge propaganda campaign against them. Using extralegal force, the government now arrests practitioners and subjects them to ideological conversion, forced labour, physical torture sometimes leading to death and, allegedly, organ harvesting.
Compared to the peaceful Falun Gong, Eastern Lightning are far crueller and more secretive. But considering Falun Gong have been largely eradicated, those characteristics may well be Eastern Lightning's main strengths – strengths they need in a country where the persecution of Christians rose by 125 percent in 2012 alone.
In the right light, with their enigmatic female Jesus and fiery gospel levelled against the Great Red Dragon of the CPC, Eastern Lightning are fighting a revolution against an equally shady and violent government. While this doesn't excuse their actions or their absurd doctrine, it does complicate the issue because, until China loosens its grip on religious practice, it's likely that they will continue to antagonise an already volatile population of believers. Frankly, the CPC may do well to heed the old line that "when people stop believing in God, they don't believe in nothing – they believe in anything".
All images are stills from a freely distributed Chinese Public Security Bureau video, which was given by the PSB to Christian pastors in China to warn them about Eastern Lightning. Video courtesy of Pastor Dennis Balcombe.
Translation and additional reporting by Liu Cheng and Jack Barry.
Follow Matt on Twitter: @Matt_A_Shea
More stuff about cults:
Happy Science Is the Laziest Cult Ever
An Interview with an Ex-Christian Cult Member
WATCH – Cult Kids: Westboro
Efforts to control the $70 billion a year global market in conventional weapons got a big boost when the United States signed the United Nations arms trade treaty, joining more than 100 other countries in affirming the need to keep these weapons out of the hands of unscrupulous regimes, militants and criminals.
But the work is far from done. At least 50 member countries, including the United States, must still carry out the next step and ratify the treaty for it to take effect; only six have done so. Proponents fear final ratification could take years, and it would be a travesty if it does.
The treaty, which took seven years to negotiate, is a pioneering agreement that is unquestionably needed. It covers global trade in tanks, armored combat vehicles, large caliber weapons, combat aircraft, attack helicopters, warships, missiles and launchers, small arms and light weapons — the kinds of weapons that are fueling conflicts and killing innocents in Syria, Sudan, the Democratic Republic of Congo and beyond.
The treaty would require states to review all crossborder arms contracts, establish national control systems and deny exports to purchasers who might use the weapons for terrorism or violations of humanitarian law, including genocide. In April, the 193-member General Assembly adopted it overwhelmingly by a vote of 154 to 3, clearing the way for individual states to sign and then ratify the pact. The states in opposition were familiar outliers in the international system: North Korea, Syria and Iran.
Texas will lose at least eight sitting members of the U.S. House, including many of the ones with most seniority.
Buy Photo John C. Moritz (Photo: Rachel Denny Clow/Caller-Times)Buy Photo
AUSTIN – Heading into the 2018 election cycle, it's easy to fixate on the big statewide races like, who will emerge to challenge Gov. Greg Abbott for a second term or whether the looming Ted Cruz-Beto O'Rourke matchup for U.S. Senate will bring the national spotlight to Texas.
But what might be just as consequential, or perhaps more so, is the less-noticed coming brain-drain in the Texas congressional delegation.
When all the votes are counted on Nov. 6, Texas will have no fewer than eight new members of Congress headed to Washington, D.C. That's nearly one-fourth of the state's entire delegation to the U.S. House, and it's a turnover rate that hasn't seen in Texas for quite awhile.
And the number could grow because the eight congress members we know who are not coming back opted not to seek re-election. Voters, both in the March 6 primaries and in November, could opt not to send a few more back.
More: Latest version of Texas voter ID law takes effect Jan. 1
More: Sexual harassment becomes a political issue with pitfalls for both parties in 2018
The coming retirements include Texas' three most senior members – Republicans Joe Barton of North Texas, Lamar Smith of San Antonio and Sam Johnson of the Dallas area. Democrat Gene Green of Houston is tied for fourth in seniority among Texas' 36 House members.
Barton, a 34-year House veteran who chose to retire after lewd photos of him were posted on the internet, is considered one of Congress' most authoritative voices on energy policy. That's a big plus when you represent the nation's largest energy-producing state.
Johnson, a retired Air Force pilot who flew missions in Korea and Vietnam – and was held prisoner in Hanoi for nearly seven years, has been in Congress since 1991. At 87, he's the second-oldest member of the House. During his military career, Johnson was awarded two Silver Stars, two Legions of Merit, the Distinguished Flying Cross, one Bronze Star with Valor and two Purple Hearts.
Smith, who chairs the House Science Committee, will end his career with 30 years of Washington service under his belt. He is a favorite of both social and fiscal conservatives. But he has earned the scorn of progressives for resisting any policy that suggests human responsibility for climate change.
The most senior Democrat to pack it in this cycle is Green, a congressman since 1991 and before that a member of the Texas Senate for eight years. Green is considered a reliable vote for liberal causes but he was not among the 58 House Democrats who sought to advance articles of impeachment against President Donald Trump.
The only other Democrat to voluntarily decide to leave the House is not abandoning his political career. Instead, El Paso's O'Rourke is giving up what is considered a safe seat for his party to challenge Cruz's bid for a second term in the Senate.
In fact, all of the seats being vacated by incumbents, including the Coastal Bend district held by scandal-tarred Blake Farenthold and Republicans Jeb Hensarling of Dallas and Houston's Ted Poe, are considered safe by the party that currently holds them.
Still, Democrats at least publicly say they they'll have competitive candidates in several of them, including Smith's and Barton's.
The last time Texas saw anywhere near as high a turnover rate in its congressional delegation was during the 2004 election cycle when six freshman members from the Lone Star State were sent to Washington. That was back when Texas had but 32 congressional seats.
But 2004 could be considered an anomaly. During the 2003 legislative session – and several subsequent special sessions – then-U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay persuaded legislative Republicans to force through a special redistricting process designed to break the Democrats' last hold on political power in Texas.
Even though state Democratic lawmakers tried to stop the effort by leaving the – twice – to break quorums in both the House and the Senate, DeLay prevailed in the end. The newly drawn districts sent several senior Democrats into retirement the GOP has ruled the delegation ever since.
John C. Moritz covers Texas government and politics for the USA Today Network in Austin. Contact him at John.Moritz@caller.com and follow him on Twitter @JohnnieMo.
Read or Share this story: http://callertim.es/2BYg25n
We just got an exclusive about a possible “VIP Wedding” going down in Charlottesville, Virginia. The wedding? Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux. I have some qualms about this, but worst case scenario, we just got a bad tip. Jennifer and Justin have been pretty much camped out in New York City for the past two weeks. Justin and Jennifer were out and about and photographed together over the weekend too, but I guess it's possible that at some point, they flew to Charlottesville to have a quickie wedding. But when?
The place is called Pippin Hills Farm – you can see the site here. CB called them and they only confirmed that they couldn't comment when asked about a recent VIP wedding. The venue has something called “winery weddings” so that part of it (side-eye) seems legit to me, at least from what I know about Jennifer's boozehound ways. Jennifer might have heard “wine” and the only question she asked was “They serve mojitos too right?” Our tipster heard the gossip from “the designer who worked with the caterer.”
So, take this for what it is – a tip, a piece of gossip. Who knows? The way the legit outlets have been reporting it, I thought Jennifer had made her peace with waiting to marry Justin until the fall or winter, but you never know.
Update by CB: As vague as this tip is, I got a very strong feeling when I called the winery that something was up. I said to the woman who answered the phone “I heard you hosted a VIP wedding recently. Is this correct? You don't have to say who it is.” She hesitated for a moment and said “yeah, I'm not in a position to comment on that at the moment.” The fact that she gave a very media-savvy answer seemed suspicious to me.
Our tipster also emailed us the caterer's name.
POLICE in Winton have re-launched their annual campaign to tackle dangerous cycling on pavements and without lights.
Over the last two weeks officers patrolling hotspots in Wimborne Road and Talbot Road have issued £30 fixed penalty notices to more than 30 riders caught without front and rear lights.
The fines are not enforced if the riders can prove within a week that they have put the correct lights on their bikes.
Local PCSO Simon Berndt, who is behind the campaign, said the problem remains a priority issue for local residents.
“It is one of the key local priorities we have picked up from residents' meetings,” he said.
“Our aim here is to educate people to ride safely rather than having to enforce constantly. I am a keen cyclist myself so I understand the dangers.
“A lot of the people we stop claim they have had their lights stolen, some just say ‘fair enough'. It takes a bit of effort to go and buy lights, but obviously they are more likely to when the alternative is a fine.”
One cyclist stopped and fined when the Echo went out with officers on Tuesday said his lights had been stolen.
“I know I should have lights on here but mine were clip-ons and someone pinched them,” said 26-year-old Chris Brett of Sherborne Road.
“This is a pretty good idea because I will certainly be buying some now, rather than pay the fine.”
Another, Ehsan Jafari, 29, of Glenferness Avenue, said he hadn't got round to putting working lights on his new bike.
“I have been cycling in the summer when I didn't need them but I know they should be there,” he said. “This is a good solution as I'm going to buy some now.”
Police, who gave out three tickets to riders cycling on the pavements in the same period, are also working with local colleges and Bournemouth University to promote bike safety and security to students.
Winton Police Sergeant Steve Houston said: “Part of the problem is naivety, many of these cyclists are young people who haven't been behind the wheel of a car and don't know how hard it is to see them.”
He said there had been many near misses involving unlit bikes in the area which didn't make it into crime statistics.
“It is a relatively minor offence, and most of the people who have perhaps been clipped by a passing bike are reasonable and don't regard it as an assault,” the Sergeant added.
“But one day there could be a serious accident. If what we are doing prevents that it is worthwhile.”
NORFOLK, Va. (WAVY) -- A growing trend in how you get around is grounded at Norfolk International Airport (ORF).
ORF says 'NO' to Uber drivers. It all stems from a failure for both sides to reach an agreement on an operating contract.
Earlier this year the General Assembly approved Transportation Network Companies like Uber and Lyft. They also ordered that these companies strike operating contracts with local airports. ORF set Tuesday as the deadline. Lyft struck a deal, Uber has not. Lyft is in, Uber is out at ORF.
Several cars were parked in a closed down 7-Eleven on Norview Avenue, one mile from the airport.
There is a waiting area for the companies awaiting calls from potential customers on property, but Uber is no longer welcomed, and Uber drivers are not happy. "A contract has not been made with Uber. Uber doesn't agree with the terms the airport has set forth, and they were asking for an ex"uber"ant amount," says driver Beth Ranney.
According to ORF Deputy Executive Director Robert Bowen, the requirement for Uber is a $5,000 annual fee to work at the airport along with a $2 fee for each pickup and drop-off. It would appear Uber doesn't want to pay it.
An Uber driver who does not want to be identified was ordered off the airport property Thursday. He told 10 On Your Side, "I just went along with what they said, and they said if I did it again they were going to get me on a trespassing charge."
He told WAVY he would return to pick up another passenger, a call came in, he went, immediately got stopped by security, and spoke with us by phone, "The security guard was walking, and she said I wasn't allowed and told the passenger she can't get in my car. I told her to get in the car anyway."
That driver sums it up this way, "I think it is ridiculous. It is something simple. It is my own personal vehicle, I'm not a company car, I am working for myself," the Uber driver said.
Many drivers like Beth Ranney drive for Uber which is banned and for Lyft which is allowed. Isn't that a loophole to return where you are not allowed? "Technically speaking, yes it is...It seems off balance," the Uber driver said.
Driver Joe Miller said, "We just want to put pressure on the airport and Uber to force them to get an agreement so we can keep making money."
Oh Faust, I'm going to end up making the rest of the crew, aren't I? Quick! Someone chains me up until I finish Daydream Rainbow Dash!
Get it?! RARITY sounds like EVERFREE! Hahaha, I'm so funny!In another alternate universe, where Rarity is possessed by Gaia Everfree, or something. Her goal would probably revolve around preserving the natural beauty of nature.Gods, the movie isn't even out yet and I'm already making variants of the villain. I have a problem.Her hair is based off Nightmarity (because I can't make anything Rarity-based without Nightmarity, apparently.) and some EQG Rarity concept art. Her hair color was going to stay the same, but then I thought:"If [You-know-who] had her hair-color change when she transformed, why not Rarity?"Her hair-color and leaves are based off the Japanese Maple Tree. Click! She's also known as Midnightmarity 's Alolan form.---Gaia Rarity now comes in grape flavour, for the people who want her identity to be more obvious. Party-poopers.--- made a pretty dandy base for Gaia Rarity, check it out:----Gaia Rarity's main gem is now the only purple one, the rest are blue-she has this leaf-frill thing now-swirly parts of her clothes are now jagged-swirly parts!-gems on her forearms!-gems (instead of daisies) on her shoes(?)---Waaaah, look everyone! There's a pony version of her now!---Who wants a hug?---
Those findings dovetailed with data I tracked down from Intern Bridge, a widely cited consulting firm that specializes in college recruiting. The firm runs a huge annual survey of intern salaries, and I asked them to pull some unpublished numbers from their 2012 poll. Their findings showed that college students were about twice as likely to receive a job offer at the conclusion of a paid internship than at the end of an unpaid internship.
Intern Bridge's figures require a few disclaimers. In 2012, the firm surveyed more than 11,000 college students who were sophomores or higher during the Fall term. It's possible that many of these students received job offers later in the year. And if the firm only surveyed seniors, the job offer rates would likely be higher across the board.
Nonetheless, that 2:1 ratio seems in keeping with NACE's findings. Even if unpaid internships do occasionally turn into permanent job opportunities, it's relatively rare.
It's not entirely clear why unpaid interns fare so poorly on the job market. Many companies do treat their paid internship programs as important talent pipelines, which boosts hire rates for students lucky enough to land in them. But that doesn't explain why unpaid interns appear to barely outcompete students who skip internships altogether.
Could the issue have to do with which types of majors tend to take paid internships, and which tend to settle for unpaid work? Apparently not. As shown in this graph of hiring rates from a recent NACE presentation, unpaid interns fared roughly the same or worse on the job market compared to non-interns across a variety of fields, including business, communications, engineering, English, and political science.
Maybe unpaid interns just aren't as bright as the students who manage to score paid gigs? Again, not so. According to Intern Bridge's internal data, paid and unpaid interns had about the same distribution of GPA's.
So we're left with a bit of a mystery. Though a few receive long-term offers from their employers, unpaid interns generally don't outperform non-interns in the job search. Their collective lack of success doesn't seem to depend much on major or smarts. It might be the case that unpaid internships are just concentrated in industries with weak job markets (think magazine journalism). However, that isn't obvious from Intern Bridge's published figures. It's also possible that there are inherent differences between the kinds of students who take unpaid internships and their peers that would show up in a more refined data analysis. But again, we don't know.
Meanwhile, we also still can't say for certain if unpaid internships* are useful for students who have already graduated from school, but can't find full-time work. Intuitively, it would make sense that putting something on your resume is better than casting around unemployed. But given the results we've seen among college students, I wouldn't jump to any conclusions.
In the end, thanks to a spate of lawsuits and a landmark court ruling last week, it's possible that unpaid internships are headed for the dustbin of labor history. That might not be much of a loss.
________________________________________
*It might also be time to stop calling post-collegiate internships "internships." As Intern Bridge Vice President Robert Shindell said to me, whether or not they're paid, they really are just generally temp jobs with a fancy title.
Fear is a powerful motivator. Fear of losing money is an extremely powerful motivator. Many homeowners have the majority of their net worth in their homes, and countless prospective buyers are contemplating using most of their life savings to buy their first property. It's no surprise then that an article or blog post that plays on those two fears -- fear of losing money and the housing market -- will be well-read.
Real estate content has broad appeal because everyone needs somewhere to live -- throw in warnings about massive price corrections, increasing foreign buyers, rabid oversupply, city-altering high-rise condominiums and neighbourhood-dominating McMansions, and you've got a popular, well-shared article. There is a piece broaching these subjects that gets well-circulated at least every other day.
I believe that these articles are influencing young people to rent, and current renters to stay away from homeownership. These warnings of a housing correction are not new, but the frequency has increased and several other factors are at play. A couple of southwestern Ontario markets (most notably Toronto) and the Vancouver metro area are pricing out first-time buyers. In other major centres across Canada, the flatness or slowing of house price appreciation has dissuaded potential buyers from jumping in.
Past generations felt there was a stigma against renting and renters. However, from my observation, many millennials don't feel the same way. Contract work, short-term assignments, mobile offices -- this shift away from permanent full-time work with one employer for 20 years lends itself better to renting. The idea that tying yourself and your money down may preclude you from a great job or entrepreneurial investment opportunity is common among recent university graduates.
Residential developers are taking notice of this trend. ULI and PWC published findings from their latest Emerging Trends in Real Estate report recently, revealing that renting is no longer seen as a temporary stop. The rise of the permanent renter is a fundament shift in Canada, where we just recently reached a peak in the homeownership rate. ULI and PWC hold an annual event where they present their findings from the Emerging Trends report, and their guest speakers also expand on new market movements -- I myself will be speaking on residential trends.
When looking at this permanent renter phenomenon for my presentation, I was a bit shocked at the data. Calgary is currently building 389 per cent more rental housing units than their average level between 1990 and 2014, Vancouver is building 181 per cent more, Montreal is building 165 per cent more, Toronto is building 82 per cent more and Ottawa is building 80 per cent more (per CMHC data).
What will be the ultimate result of this rental trend? Condominium apartments have supplied much of the rental supply in recent years in major centres, as private landlords lease out their suites. With end-users choosing to rent and not buy, and these private landlords leery of having their investment suites compete with the onslaught of new, professionally managed and purpose-built rental apartments, there may be much fewer new condominium apartment buyers and fewer new condo towers.
There will likely always be fewer new rental apartment builders than condo apartment builders due to market risk and the longer-term investment horizon, so a rental renaissance may result in overall underbuilding and increasing rents. Alternatively, a lack of demand for condominiums could drive prices down, making homeownership more appealing -- or scarier for the same folks afraid of losing money.
Where do you stand: rent or own?
MORE ON HUFFPOST:
EDMONTON - For 40 years, Pat Mattson and her husband, Glenn, have raised cattle on a 240-hectare farm near Mayerthorpe.
They have never lost an animal to the coyotes which share their tract of land, about a cow-chip toss from Highway 43.
“We have always lived happily alongside coyotes and have respect and empathy for their struggles during winter,” says Pat Mattson, 69, who grew up on a dairy farm in nearby Sangudo. “They have a right to be here, too.”
While other farmers in Alberta complain that coyotes are filching their livestock, the Mattsons express few concerns.
Their ample house cat has survived one serious scrap with them, and occasionally they raid Pat Mattson's garden, but otherwise the coyotes have been good neighbours.
“Sometimes their pups make a mess hunting mice in my hay piles, but that's about it,” says Glenn Mattson, 64. “I've never once lost a calf to a coyote, and I've had them come right through the herd and not bother them.
“I just don't think they are hungry enough. They must have plenty of feed here.”
She is a retired teacher and he is a former pipefitter in the oilpatch. The Mattsons have been together nearly 41 years since their romance was kindled while curling at a bonspiel.
They raised two children and are blessed with four grandkids. They share their home with a testy two-kilogram dachshund and a sweet-tempered Rottweiler that weighs 70 kilos and lumbers clumsily through the living room chasing its ball.
While Pat plays classical violin with a group in Whitecourt and rides in competitive barrel races, Glenn tends to their herd of 27 massive Simmentals and a half-dozen registered quarter horses.
He has seen coyotes only a handful of times this winter and says they are less of an annoyance than the fox that repeatedly breaks into their garage while rummaging for food.
“It would be bad not to have the coyotes around,” Glenn says.
The daughter of a war bride, Pat moved to rural Alberta from England when she was three years old and has grown up with coyotes around her. She remembers watching as her father's cows chased a coyote through a field when she was a kid, and also recalls seeing ewes with serious injuries after being attacked by them.
Despite that, she harbours no ill feelings.
“I probably should dislike coyotes, but I don't,” she says. “I admire them. They have a tough life and they have to fight to survive.”
Although she grew up in a family of hunters, she was angered recently when she learned a coyote tournament was being staged at Alberta Beach. Because coyotes are considered a nuisance, it is not illegal to shoot them with permission from private landowners.
“I was displeased people can take pleasure in killing them,” she says. “They don't deserve that. It's just disgusting to me.”
On clear winter nights, Pat used to love taking her previous Rottweiler for a walk on the farm. Pat would howl at the coyotes, the coyotes would howl back, and then, Helmut, who liked to yip along as Pat played How Much Is That Doggie In the Window on the banjo, would join in, too.
“I love to hear the coyote choirs at night,” she says. “Sadly, this pleasure has become more or a rarity than the norm these last few years.
“No one will ever get permission to hunt coyotes on our land.”
mklinkenberg@edmontonjournal.com
twitter.com/@martykej
Westside traffic, already the stuff of legends, is expected to worsen dramatically with the closing Monday of the California Incline in Santa Monica for a complete reconstruction designed to keep the structure from collapsing in an earthquake.
As part of a $20-million project, workers will begin demolishing the severely deteriorated road, technically a bridge, in anticipation of rebuilding it. The link, which descends from Ocean Avenue to Pacific Coast Highway, connecting the bluffs with the beach, is used by 15,000 vehicles daily.
Pacific Palisades and Malibu residents, in particular, anticipate that motorists will jam local canyon roads as they seek to shave minutes off disrupted commutes.
An environmental impact report prepared for the long-overdue project predicted that the close of the incline for as long as 13 months will cause “saturation” levels of traffic in Santa Monica Canyon.
Click here to read the full story on LATimes.com.
More Video:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Advertisement Homeless now camping in city parks City says it will post notices of eviction Share Copy Link Copy
Over a dozen homeless people are making Albuquerque's streets and parks their bedroom.A stretch of road by First Street and Iron Avenue has become known as "Tent City." Now, transients are moving into public parks."It is illegal to camp in public areas and parks," said Gilbert Montano, chief of staff for Albuquerque Mayor Richard Berry.Montano said the campers will not be arrested. Instead, the city is offering them temporary housing, or a bus ride home. If they refuse to leave, Montano said they will receive a notice of eviction."In this situation we felt patience was ultimately the best form of interacting with this population of homeless," Montano said.It's a much different approach compared to March 16, 2014, when a homeless man named James Boyd was camping in Albuquerque open space. Neighbors called police to get Boyd to move. When he wouldn't, dozens of officers arrived on scene.An hours-long standoff ended in two officers shooting and killing Boyd. Police said Boyd pulled out knives and lunged at a K-9 officer. On Jan. 12, 2015, Bernalillo County District Attorney Kari Brandenburg charged officers Keith Sandy and Dominique Perez with murder.Action 7 News asked Montano how the new homeless problem will be handled differently in comparison to the Boyd shooting."I understand your question, and the correlation you're trying to make, and I get what you're asking. I just have to say the situations, although on the surface seem very similar as far as camper and homeless person, the dynamics of the day were very different," Montano said.Boyd had a criminal history and mental illness. Montano said many of the homeless living in the parks need to get back on their feet. The mayor's office is focused on providing them the help they need."The situation at the foothills certainly could be termed as an anomaly," Montano said, adding that he is "Focused on our homeless initiatives and strides and gains we've made."MOBILE USERS: Tap here for video
and welcome to my comprehensive guide to performance of Path of exile and how to improve it if u have Problems! All Options are included as well as tips for specific problems!
Note: Disabling sound through program properties added
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Test Specs
Spoiler
Intel core i5 4570
Amd Radeon R9 290x OC
16gb Ram
Test Case
Spoiler
Path of exile patch 2.x (beta)
Naked Scion
Mud Flats
1920x1080 resolution
Each test was run about 10 times in the same full cleared instance.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FPS: More = Better
Vram: Less = Better
Max Details
Post processing ON
Spoiler FPS: 555 (+/- 0) (+/- 0%)
VRAM: 309 (+/- 0) (+/- 0%)
Post processing OFF
Spoiler FPS: 505 (- 50) (- 10%)
Vram: 195 (- 114) (- 37%)
Shadows Low
Spoiler FPS: 585 (+ 30) (+ 5%)
Vram: 300 (- 9) (- 2%)
Shadows OFF
Spoiler FPS: 715 (+ 160) (+ 29%)
Vram: 293 (- 16) (- 5%)
Anti Aliasing Medium
Spoiler FPS: 600 (+ 45) (+ 8%)
Vram: 307 (- 2) (- 0%)
Anti Aliasing OFF
Spoiler FPS: 635 (+ 80) (+ 14%)
Vram: 304 (- 5) (- 1%)
Texture Quality Medium
Spoiler FPS: 592 (+ 37) (+ 7%)
Vram: 245 (- 64) (- 21%)
Texture Filtering
Spoiler FPS(trilinear): 572 (+ 17) (+ 3%)
FPS(2x): 567 (+ 12) (+ 2%)
FPS(4x): 565 (+ 10) (+ 2%)
Fps(8x): 558 (+ 3) (+ 1%)
All minimum
Post processing ON
Spoiler FPS: 1193 (+ 638) (+ 115%)
Vram: 151 (- 158) (- 51%)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Resolution Scaling
All max, post processing ON
Spoiler 720p = 143% performance
900p = 115% performance
1080p = 100% performance
1440p = 73% of performance
1800p = 55% of performance
All min, post processing ON
Spoiler 720p = 135%
900p = 112%
1080p = 100%
1440% = 84%
1800% = 61%
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Low textures
How to activate them
Spoiler Open the productionconfig.ini. You can find it here: C:\Users\"username"\Documents\My Games\Path of Exile
Search for: texture_quality=0
Now delete the 0 and fill in a 3 instead.
Save the ini. When u start the game dont change the texture quality or it will reset it back to the original.
Performance compared to "high" and "medium" textures
Spoiler High = 530 fps (+/- 0) (+/- 0%)
Medium = 570 fps (+ 40) (+ 8%)
Low = 680 fps (+ 150) (+ 28%)
Disclaimer: The fps changed from the values in the original test due to using a new test instance.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Increasing performance out of the game with external tricks
Spoiler Turn down the quality of your AF in your graphics card driver.
Eliminate programmers running in the Background, such as steam for lower CPU usage.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Disabling the sound engine for better performance
Spoiler Right-click your Path of Exile shortcut, select Properties and then add the option after the Target: "%ProgramFiles%\Grinding Gear Games\Path of Exile\Client.exe"
Add: --nosound
Disabling the sound engine sometimes help alot with stuttering.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Problem-solving:
General low fps
Spoiler Turn of shadows
Turn down Anti aliasing
Memory Problems or spiky fps
Spoiler Turn off post processing
Turn down Texture quality
Turn down Texture Filtering
Disable the soundengine (A "how to" is shown in the section above)
High fps, but hard fps drops
Spoiler Limit your fps to 60.
1. Use Vsync (Not optimal)
2. Limit it within the nvidia driver (Nvidia cards)
3. Limit it with "RadeonPro" or "Msi Afterburner" (AMD cards)
Disable the soundengine (A "how to" is shown in the section above)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Useful links
Spoiler How to limit fps on AMD cards
http://www.radeonpro.info/features/dynamic-frame-rate-control/
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thanks so much for reading, aceCrasher Hello,and welcome to my comprehensive guide to performance of Path of exile and how to improve it if u have Problems! All Options are included as well as tips for specific problems!Note: Disabling sound through program properties added---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Test SpecsTest Case---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------FPS: More = BetterVram: Less = BetterMax DetailsPost processing ONPost processing OFFShadows LowShadows OFFAnti Aliasing MediumAnti Aliasing OFFTexture Quality MediumTexture FilteringAll minimumPost processing ON---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Resolution ScalingAll max, post processing ONAll min, post processing ON---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Low texturesHow to activate themPerformance compared to "high" and "medium" textures---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Increasing performance out of the game with external tricks---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Disabling the sound engine for better performance---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Problem solving:General low fpsMemory Problems or spiky fpsHigh fps, but hard fps drops---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Useful links---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Thanks so much for reading, aceCrasher Last edited by aceCrasher on Apr 23, 2016, 2:08:54 PM Last bumped on Apr 23, 2016, 2:09:23 PM
Previously in series: Decoherence is Pointless
Followup to: Where Experience Confuses Physicists
One serious mystery of decoherence is where the Born probabilities come from, or even what they are probabilities of. What does the integral over the squared modulus of the amplitude density have to do with anything?
This was discussed by analogy in "Where Experience Confuses Physicists", and I won't repeat arguments already covered there. I will, however, try to convey exactly what the puzzle is, in the real framework of quantum mechanics.
A professor teaching undergraduates might say: "The probability of finding a particle in a particular position is given by the squared modulus of the amplitude at that position."
This is oversimplified in several ways.
First, for continuous variables like position, amplitude is a density, not a point mass. You integrate over it. The integral over a single point is zero.
(Historical note: If "observing a particle's position" invoked a mysterious event that squeezed the amplitude distribution down to a delta point, or flattened it in one subspace, this would give us a different future amplitude distribution from what decoherence would predict. All interpretations of QM that involve quantum systems jumping into a point/flat state, which are both testable and have been tested, have been falsified. The universe does not have a "classical mode" to jump into; it's all amplitudes, all the time.)
Second, a single observed particle doesn't have an amplitude distribution. Rather the system containing yourself, plus the particle, plus the rest of the universe, may approximately factor into the multiplicative product of (1) a sub-distribution over the particle position and (2) a sub-distribution over the rest of the universe. Or rather, the particular blob of amplitude that you happen to be in, can factor that way.
So what could it mean, to associate a "subjective probability" with a component of one factor of a combined amplitude distribution that happens to factorize?
Recall the physics for:
(Human-BLANK * Sensor-BLANK) * (Atom-LEFT + Atom-RIGHT)
=>
(Human-LEFT * Sensor-LEFT * Atom-LEFT) + (Human-RIGHT * Sensor-RIGHT * Atom-RIGHT)
Think of the whole process as reflecting the good-old-fashioned distributive rule of algebra. The initial state can be decomposed—note that this is an identity, not an evolution—into:
(Human-BLANK * Sensor-BLANK) * (Atom-LEFT + Atom-RIGHT)
=
(Human-BLANK * Sensor-BLANK * Atom-LEFT) + (Human-BLANK * Sensor-BLANK * Atom-RIGHT)
We assume that the distribution factorizes. It follows that the term on the left, and the term on the right, initially differ only by a multiplicative factor of Atom-LEFT vs. Atom-RIGHT.
If you were to immediately take the multi-dimensional integral over the squared modulus of the amplitude density of that whole system,
Then the ratio of the all-dimensional integral of the squared modulus over the left-side term, to the all-dimensional integral over the squared modulus of the right-side term,
Would equal the ratio of the lower-dimensional integral over the squared modulus of the Atom-LEFT, to the lower-dimensional integral over the squared modulus of Atom-RIGHT,
For essentially the same reason that if you've got (2 * 3) * (5 + 7), the ratio of (2 * 3 * 5) to (2 * 3 * 7) is the same as the ratio of 5 to 7.
Doing an integral over the squared modulus of a complex amplitude distribution in N dimensions doesn't change that.
There's also a rule called "unitary evolution" in quantum mechanics, which says that quantum evolution never changes the total integral over the squared modulus of the amplitude density.
So if you assume that the initial left term and the initial right term evolve, without overlapping each other, into the final LEFT term and the final RIGHT term, they'll have the same ratio of integrals over etcetera as before.
What all this says is that,
If some roughly independent Atom has got a blob of amplitude on the left of its factor, and a blob of amplitude on the right,
Then, after the Sensor senses the atom, and you look at the Sensor,
The integrated squared modulus of the whole LEFT blob, and the integrated squared modulus of the whole RIGHT blob,
Will have the same ratio,
As the ratio of the squared moduli of the original Atom-LEFT and Atom-RIGHT components.
This is why it's important to remember that apparently individual particles have amplitude distributions that are multiplicative factors within the total joint distribution over all the particles.
If a whole gigantic human experimenter made up of quintillions of particles,
Interacts with one teensy little atom whose amplitude factor has a big bulge on the left and a small bulge on the right,
Then the resulting amplitude distribution, in the joint configuration space,
Has a big amplitude blob for "human sees atom on the left", and a small amplitude blob of "human sees atom on the right".
And what that means, is that the Born probabilities seem to be about finding yourself in a particular blob, not the particle being in a particular place.
But what does the integral over squared moduli have to do with anything? On a straight reading of the data, you would always find yourself in both blobs, every time. How can you find yourself in one blob with greater probability? What are the Born probabilities, probabilities of? Here's the map—where's the territory?
I don't know. It's an open problem. Try not to go funny in the head about it.
This problem is even worse than it looks, because the squared-modulus business is the only non-linear rule in all of quantum mechanics. Everything else—everything else—obeys the linear rule that the evolution of amplitude distribution A, plus the evolution of the amplitude distribution B, equals the evolution of the amplitude distribution A + B.
When you think about the weather in terms of clouds and flapping butterflies, it may not look linear on that higher level. But the amplitude distribution for weather (plus the rest of the universe) is linear on the only level that's fundamentally real.
Does this mean that the squared-modulus business must require additional physics beyond the linear laws we know—that it's necessarily futile to try to derive it on any higher level of organization?
But even this doesn't follow.
Let's say I have a computer program which computes a sequence of positive integers that encode the successive states of a sentient being. For example, the positive integers might describe a Conway's-Game-of-Life universe containing sentient beings (Life is Turing-complete) or some other cellular automaton.
Regardless, this sequence of positive integers represents the time series of a discrete universe containing conscious entities. Call this sequence Sentient(n).
Now consider another computer program, which computes the negative of the first sequence: -Sentient(n). If the computer running Sentient(n) instantiates conscious entities, then so too should a program that computes Sentient(n) and then negates the output.
Now I write a computer program that computes the sequence {0, 0, 0...} in the obvious fashion.
This sequence happens to be equal to the sequence Sentient(n) + -Sentient(n).
So does a program that computes {0, 0, 0...} necessarily instantiate as many conscious beings as both Sentient programs put together?
Admittedly, this isn't an exact analogy for "two universes add linearly and cancel out". For that, you would have to talk about a universe with linear physics, which excludes Conway's Life. And then in this linear universe, two states of the world both containing conscious observers—world-states equal but for their opposite sign—would have to cancel out.
It doesn't work in Conway's Life, but it works in our own universe! Two quantum amplitude distributions can contain components that cancel each other out, and this demonstrates that the number of conscious observers in the sum of two distributions, need not equal the sum of conscious observers in each distribution separately.
So it actually is possible that we could pawn off the only non-linear phenomenon in all of quantum physics onto a better understanding of consciousness. The question "How many conscious observers are contained in an evolving amplitude distribution?" has obvious reasons to be non-linear.
(!)
Robin Hanson has made a suggestion along these lines.
(!!)
Decoherence is a physically continuous process, and the interaction between LEFT and RIGHT blobs may never actually become zero.
So, Robin suggests, any blob of amplitude which gets small enough, becomes dominated by stray flows of amplitude from many larger worlds.
A blob which gets too small, cannot sustain coherent inner interactions—an internally driven chain of cause and effect—because the amplitude flows are dominated from outside. Too-small worlds fail to support computation and consciousness, or are ground up into chaos, or merge into larger worlds.
Hence Robin's cheery phrase, "mangled worlds".
The cutoff point will be a function of the squared modulus, because unitary physics preserves the squared modulus under evolution; if a blob has a certain total squared modulus, future evolution will preserve that integrated squared modulus so long as the blob doesn't split further. You can think of the squared modulus as the amount of amplitude available to internal flows of causality, as opposed to outside impositions.
The seductive aspect of Robin's theory is that quantum physics wouldn't need interpreting. You wouldn't have to stand off beside the mathematical structure of the universe, and say, "Okay, now that you're finished computing all the mere numbers, I'm furthermore telling you that the squared modulus is the 'degree of existence'." Instead, when you run any program that computes the mere numbers, the program automatically contains people who experience the same physics we do, with the same probabilities.
A major problem with Robin's theory is that it seems to predict things like, "We should find ourselves in a universe in which lots of very few decoherence events have already taken place," which tendency does not seem especially apparent.
The main thing that would support Robin's theory would be if you could show from first principles that mangling does happen; and that the cutoff point is somewhere around the median amplitude density (the point where half the total amplitude density is in worlds above the point, and half beneath it), which is apparently what it takes to reproduce the Born probabilities in any particular experiment.
What's the probability that Hanson's suggestion is right? I'd put it under fifty percent, which I don't think Hanson would disagree with. It would be much lower if I knew of a single alternative that seemed equally... reductionist.
But even if Hanson is wrong about what causes the Born probabilities, I would guess that the final answer still comes out equally non-mysterious. Which would make me feel very silly, if I'd embraced a more mysterious-seeming "answer" up until then. As a general rule, it is questions that are mysterious, not answers.
When I began reading Hanson's paper, my initial thought was: The math isn't beautiful enough to be true.
By the time I finished processing the paper, I was thinking: I don't know if this is the real answer, but the real answer has got to be at least this normal.
This is still my position today.
Part of The Quantum Physics Sequence
Next post: "Decoherence as Projection"
Previous post: "Decoherent Essences"
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Transtroemer was also a trained psychologist
Swedish poet Tomas Transtroemer, who was awarded the 2011 Nobel Prize for Literature, has died at the age of 83.
His publisher, Bonniers, said the writer died in Stockholm on Thursday after a short illness.
A trained psychologist, Transtroemer suffered a stroke in 1990 that affected his ability to talk.
His poems - described by Publishers Weekly as "mystical, versatile and sad" - have been translated into more than 50 languages.
Transtroemer was tipped as a potential Nobel prize winner for many years before he became the 108th recipient of the prestigious award in 2011.
The Royal Swedish Academy named him the recipient "because, through his condensed, translucent images, he gives us fresh access to reality".
He was the first Swede to receive the prize since authors Eyvind Johnson and Harry Martinson shared it in 1974.
Memorial service
Born in April 1931 in Stockholm, Transtroemer graduated in psychology in 1956 and later worked in an institution for juvenile offenders.
His first collection of poetry, Seventeen Poems, was published when he was 23.
In 1966 he received the Bellman prize for Swedish poetry, one of many accolades he received over his long career.
In 2003 one of his poems was read at the memorial service of Anna Lindh, Sweden's murdered foreign minister.
Transtroemer is survived by his wife Monika and their two daughters, Emma and Paula.
In this post in my series exploring the ASP.NET Core MVC tag helpers, I will dig into the Cache Tag Helper. The Cache Tag Helper is a little different than most of the other tag helpers we talked about because it doesn't target a standard HTML tag. Instead, it wraps arbitrary content and allows those contents to be cached in memory based on the parameters you specify.
How it works?
Simply wrap the contents you want cached with a <cache> tag and the contents of the tag will be cached in memory. Before processing the contents of the cache tag, the tag helper will check to see if the contents have been stored in the MemoryCache. If the contents are found in the cache, then the cached contents are sent to Razor. If the contents are not found, then Razor will process the contents and the tag helper will store it in the memory cache for next time. By default, the cache tag helper is able to generate a unique ID based on the context of the cache tag helper.
Here is a simple example that would cache the output of a view component for 10 minutes.
<cache expires-after="@TimeSpan.FromMinutes(10)">
@Html.Partial("_WhatsNew")
*last updated @DateTime.Now.ToLongTimeString()
</cache>
The Cache tag will not be included in the generated HTML. It is purely a server side tag. In the example above, only the results of the WhatsNew partial view and the *last updated text would be sent to the browser. Any subsequent requests within the 10 minute span simply return the cached contents instead of calling the partial view again. On the first request after the 10 minutes has passed, the contents would be regenerated and cached again for another 10 minutes.
Cache Expiry
If no specific expiry is specified, the contents will be cached as long as the memory cache decides to hang on to the item which is likely the lifetime of the application. Chances are this is not the behaviour you want. You will likely want to use one of the 3 options for expiring the cached contents for the Cache Tag Helper: expires-after, expires-on and expires-sliding.
expires-after
Use the expires-after attribute to expire the cache entry after a specific amount of time has passed since it was added to the cache. This attribute expects a TimeSpan value. For example, you expire an item 5 seconds after it was cached:
< cache expires-after = "@TimeSpan.FromSeconds(5)" >
*last updated @DateTime.Now.ToLongTimeString()
</ cache >
expires-on
Use the _expires-on _attribute to expire the cache entry at a specific time. This attribute expects a DateTime value. For example, imagine your system has some backend processing that you know will be updated by the end of each day. You could specify the cache to expire at the end of the day as follows:
< cache expires-on = "@DateTime.Today.AddDays(1).AddTicks(-1)" >
*last updated @DateTime.Now.ToLongTimeString()
</ cache >
expires-sliding
Use the expires-sliding attribute to expire the cache entry after it has not been accessed for a specified amount of time. This attribute expects a TimeSpan value.
< cache expires-sliding = "@TimeSpan.FromMinutes(5)" >
*last updated @DateTime.Now.ToLongTimeString()
</ cache >
Vary-by / Complex Cache Keys
The cache tag helper builds cache keys by generating an id that is unique to the context of the cache tag. This ensures that you can have multiple cache tags on a single page and the contents will not override each other in the cache. You can also tell the tag helper to build more complex cache keys using a combination of the vary-by attributes. Building these complex keys allows the cache tag helper to cache different contents for different requests based on nearly any criteria you can conceive. A very simple example is caching different contents for each user by adding the vary-by-user attribute:
< cache vary-by-user = "true" >
*last updated @DateTime.Now.ToLongTimeString()
</ cache >
You can specify any combination of vary-by attributes. The cache tag helper will build a key that is a composite of the generated unique id for that tag plus all the values from the vary-by attributes.
vary-by-user
Use this attribute to cache different contents for each logged-in user. The username for the logged-in user will be added to the cache key. This attribute expects a boolean value. See example above.
vary-by-route
Use this attribute to cache different contents based on a set of route data parameters. This attribute expects a comma-separated list of route data parameter names. The values of those route parameters will be added to the cache key.
For example, the following cache tag would cache different contents based on the id route parameter:
< cache vary-by-route = "id" >
*last updated @DateTime.Now.ToLongTimeString()
</ cache >
vary-by-query
The vary-by-query attribute allows you to cache different contents based on the query parameters for the current request. This attribute expects a comma-separated list of query string parameter names. The value of those query string parameters will be added to the cache key.
For example, the following cache tag would cache different contents for each unique value of the search query parameter:
< cache vary-by-query = "search" >
*last updated @DateTime.Now.ToLongTimeString()
</ cache >
vary-by-cookie
The vary-by-cookie attributes allows you to cache different contents based on values stored in a cookie. This attribute expects a comma-separated list of cookie names. The values of the specified cookie names will be added to the cache key.
For example, the following cache tag would cache different contents based on the value of the MyAppCookie.
< cache vary-by-cookie = "MyAppCookie" >
*last updated @DateTime.Now.ToLongTimeString()
</ cache >
vary-by-header
The vary-by-header attribute allows you to cache different contents based on the value of a specific request header. This attribute expects a single header name. For example, the following cache tag would cache different results based on the User-Agent header:
< cache vary-by-header = "User-Agent" >
*last updated @DateTime.Now.ToLongTimeString()
</ cache >
vary-by
Finally, the vary-by attribute allows you to cache different contents based on any arbitrary string value. This attribute can be used as a fall-back in case any of the other vary-by attributes do not meet your needs.
For example, the following cache tag would cache different results based on the value of a ProductId that is available on the ViewBag:
< cache vary-by = "@ViewBag.ProductId" >
*last updated @DateTime.Now.ToLongTimeString()
</ cache >
Complex Keys
As mentioned earlier, you can specify any number of vary-by parameters and the cache tag helper will build a composite key. Here is an example of a cache tag that will cache different results for each user and id route parameter:
< cache vary-by-user = "true" vary-by-route = "id" >
*last updated @DateTime.Now.ToLongTimeString()
</ cache >
Cache Priority
The contents of a cache tag are stored in an IMemoryCache which is limited by the amount of available memory. If the host process starts to run out of memory, the memory cache might purge items from the cache to release memory. In cases like this, you can tell the memory cache which items are considered a lower priority using the priority attribute. For example, the following cache tag is specified as low priority:
@using Microsoft.Framework.Caching.Memory
< cache vary-by-user = "true"
priority = "@CachePreservationPriority.Low" >
*last updated @DateTime.Now.ToLongTimeString()
</ cache >
Possible values for CacheItemPriority are Low, Normal, High and NeverRemove.
Limitations
The CacheTagHelper implementation uses an instance of an IMemoryCache which stores cache entries in memory in the local process. Anything that causes the host process to shutdown / restart will cause a full loss of all entries in the cache. For example, restarting an IIS App Pool or scaling down an Azure instance would cause the memory cache to reset. In this case, the CacheTagHelper would rebuild the contents on the next request. In a cloud service like Azure you never know when your website might get moved to a new server so this could happen at any time. The MemoryCache is not a durable storage mechanism so it is important not to treat it as one.
Another important scenario to consider is when you have multiple load balanced servers. You might get strange / unexpected results if you have server affinity / application request routing.aspx) turned off. The MemoryCache is not a distributed cache. Each server would have it's own memory cache with potentially different contents for each cache tag helper. If the client refreshes a page 3 times and those requests are routed to 3 different servers, then the client could potentially see 3 different contents. Depending on the scenario, this could be very confusing for the user. The solution here would be to avoid turning off ARR / server affinity in a load balanced deployment scenario. By turning this feature on you will ensure that a specific client's requests are always routed to the same server.
Conclusion
The Cache cache tag helper is one of the more unique tag helpers in ASP.NET Core MVC. It provides a flexible and convenient approach to caching the output of a portion of a page and can be a useful tool for improving performance of MVC applications.
May 4, 2015: Updated with Limitations sections as suggested by Rick Anderson in the comments
Ray Rice is exploring every avenue to get back into the NFL. That journey has taken Rice to Carson, Calif., this week where he is serving as an assistant coach at the NFLPA Collegiate Bowl.
Rice has been out of the NFL for the past two seasons since the infamous video surfaced of the former Rutgers running back punching his then-fiancee in an Atlantic City casino elevator in February 2014.
"It's always great when you get to get around a group of young men and give them real life lessons, but you also get to be around the game of football," Rice said in an interview with ESPNU during the network's broadcast of Wednesday's practice. "The game of football has done more good for me than it's done bad. I'm here to help these kids. I'm here to give them every bit of my life experiences and to help them out with decision making. Obviously, we know the reason why I haven't played, but I want these guys to understand the severity of my decision so they never go out there and make that mistake."
Rice said he will be open about his mistake when he addresses the NFL hopefuls, including former Rutgers linebacker Quentin Gause, participating in the all-star game, which takes place on Saturday (6 p.m., ESPN2).
"There's a zero-tolerance policy (for domestic violence) and there's no place for it in society," Rice said. "I want to let them understand that because it really came down to decision-making and that was the worst decision I've ever made. I want them to understand that and take football out of it. But have some fun with them as well. I want these guys to understand the game and what's going to happen at the next level for them."
Rice, who turns 29 on Friday, remains optimistic that he'll get another NFL shot.
"I'm still hopeful," the former Baltimore Ravens star said. "It's never over until it's over. I'm not ready to give it up. I think my second chance might take a little longer than I expected, but I know I still have a lot of game left - I'm not worried about that part of it."
If Rice gets a second chance, he vows to make the most of the opportunity.
"I've done a lot of work in the community so I would love to be able to give back to any city that I would be blessed and fortunate to go to," Rice said. "And obviously football would be something that I'd play my heart out for the fans, I would play my heart out for everybody that's rooting for me and I would give it my all. I'm in a situation where I had everything to gain and I lost it all. And that's not money, but I'm just saying, I have everything to go forward with now and pin my ears back and give everything I've got to the community and give everything I've got to the game of football."
Dan Duggan may be reached at dduggan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @DDuggan21. Find NJ.com Rutgers Football on Facebook.
by marathemara
Once upon a time in a faraway kingdom, a princess lived in a beautiful palace at the bottom of the sea. The palace was guarded by a terrible monster which the princess had to work hard to feed, but the princess was never unhappy. She spent her days collecting colorful fish, exploring the ocean with a handsome prince by her side, and dreaming of the day when she would be free from her tower and become queen. She would protect the world, the way she protected her fish, and the way the terrible monster outside protected her. One day she would be the mother of the world.
When we first meet Feferi Peixes, we see her living this fairytale. She is the heiress to the Alternian empire; her lusus, which she shares with the Empress, is the monstrous Emissary of the Horrorterrors to Alternia; and she has big plans to make life on her planet much more pleasant and less deadly than the society she grew up in. But it's not to be: she is destined to play SGRUB, to leave her empire behind to help build a new universe, and to eventually be murdered by her handsome prince.
In fact, Feferi's dream of a perfect world, of a happy ending for everybody under her benevolent rule, had always been doomed. We realize this quickly once we learn that Alternia is a post-Scratch session whose pre-Scratch counterpart is a world where Feferi was empress. That world, Beforus, stagnated culturally and genetically. Empress Feferi's mandate that the higher castes should care for the lower castes led to the Beforan players being a generation of spoiled brats, too petty and indecisive to finish the Game, not to mention that Feferi's heiress discovered SGRUB while running away from her royal duties. Feferi had her chance to become the mother of the world, and that world had to be Scratched to keep the Game going.
But in spite of being a doomed princess in a fairytale that can have no happy ending, Feferi is decisive and pragmatic. She makes a deal with the Horrorterrors to create the dreambubbles which become the afterlife for the Beforan, Alternian, and Earth session. She knows her own heart and does what she believes is right: ending her emotionally draining moirallegiance with Eridan as soon as she no longer had to rely on him to feed her lusus, rushing to revive Sollux after the Vast Glub (with a fairytale first kiss, no less), and standing up for her friends against Eridan.
Feferi doesn't appear much in Homestuck. But when she does appear, she's dreaming of a better life, sacrificing herself for her friends, and protecting them, even after her death. That's the kind of princess I have to admire.
To Be Young Forever Aging has plagued biological organisms since life first began on planet Earth and it's an accepted and universally understood part of life. Sure, things like climate change pose significant threats to society, but aging will almost certainly still exist even if we ever manage to stop damaging our environment. That said, scientists aren't the kind of people who just live with the cards life has dealt them, and are especially likely to use their understanding of the world to solve difficult and seemingly impossible problems — like aging. Dr. Aubrey de Grey is one such person. Through the co-founding of the SENS Research Foundation and his role as chief science officer, de Grey has set out to end biological aging. The foundation's “About” page makes it clear that de Grey believes “a world free of age-related disease is possible.” Speaking at a Virtual Futures event in London on Wednesday, Inverse confirmed that de Grey truly believes in this goal, even going so far as to boldly state that the first person that will live to be 1,000 years-old has already been born. He also thinks science will have found a way to perfect anti-aging treatments within the next 20 years.
This year alone, there have already been significant breakthroughs in the realm of anti-aging research. In August, researchers discovered a molecule capable of combating the effects of aging. In October, a new stem cell treatment led to “striking” ant-aging results. Much more recently are the efforts made by researchers from the University of Exeter, who developed a way to reverse aging in cells, as well as the discovery of an anti-aging genetic mutation. This is all good news, especially when you take into account de Grey's belief that aging is one of humanity's biggest challenges. “The fact is, aging kills 110,000 people worldwide every fucking day,” de Grey reportedly said. “It unequivocally causes far more suffering than anything else that we have to experience and contrary to the impression that most humanity has forced itself into, it's indeed a problem which is amenable through technological intervention.”
A Changing Population According to the United Nations, the population of those aged 60 and older is expected to more than double by 2050 — increasing from 962 million globally in 2017 to 2.1 billion in 2050. If or when humanity determines how to reject aging, de Grey foresees the development of rejuvenation clinics that will address seven issues related to aging: tissue atrophy, cancerous cells, mitochondrial mutations, death-resistant cells, extracellular matrix stiffening, extracellular aggregates, and intracellular aggregates. Unsurprisingly, such clinics — and, presumably, other treatments — are expected to be expensive at first before potentially becoming more publicly accessible and affordable. By then, perhaps anti-aging treatments might be as simple to get as scheduling a doctor's or dentist's appointment, though who can say how involved such treatments and processes will be.
Beyond implementation into society, de Grey thinks it will be difficult for politicians to get elected unless they committed to anti-aging. “Not only in getting the therapy developed as quickly as possible, but also putting in place the infrastructure,” de Grey added. It's entirely understandable why many wouldn't want to age beyond a certain point, as losing control of one's body can be frustrating, painful, and debilitating. We seem to be on the verge of solving the anti-aging problem, however, but only time will tell if it's what's best for humanity.
Fifth Harmony, the group's third studio album, opens with “Down,” a song that sports practically the same perfect hook from their 2016 hit “Work From Home.” Only this time, there is absolutely nothing supporting the song other than the same pseudo-tropical keyboard line that has been plaguing Spotify Daily Mix for the past five years. “Down” is briefly salvaged in the middle eight by a strangely complementary Gucci Mane, whose bare-bones verse is underlaid with crunchy, distorted bass. Fifth Harmony acrimoniously lost a popular member, Camila Cabello, last year, and the group has a lot to prove with this album—beginning with an ersatz facsimile of your last hit single truly does not bode well.
Let's zoom out: During a recent stint on “Celebrity Big Brother,” former Girls Aloud member Sarah Harding drew serious ire for dismissing Fifth Harmony, probably the world's most prevalent girl group, as “slutty,” criticizing them for their sexualized stage outfits and video choreography. In response, Fifth Harmony's Dinah Jane threw out a swift Mariah-Carey-“I-Don't-Know-Her,” and ex-Girls Aloud member Nicola Roberts took to Instagram to call out Harding's poor judgement. It was petty tabloid drama, and Harding's comments were completely reprehensible, but the whole debacle illustrated an interesting point in the history of girl groups in general. Both Girls Aloud and Fifth Harmony were born from reality TV competitions (the former on “Popstars: The Rivals” in 2002 and the latter on “The X Factor” in 2012), and during that decade, what the public looks for from a pop group has changed dramatically.
At the turn of the 21st-century, access to pop stars was limited to things like fan clubs and TV appearances, with the traditional music industry serving as a stringent gatekeeper to that content. Now, there really isn't a way to reach tweens—forever the pop star's bread and butter—without social media and massive online appeal. It's in this realm that Fifth Harmony have flourished internationally in a way that old-school, second-tier groups like Girls Aloud never could. Between the four of them, the members of Fifth Harmony have almost 15 million Instagram followers, and even their two most famous songs, 2015's “Worth It” and last year's absolutely ubiquitous “Work From Home” have taken on a life of their own online, in the form of ridiculous, brilliant memes.
The downside to a social-media-driven public profile is that your music can't help but seem secondary when it is so crucial to actively promote the music's image and brand. And listen, image and brand have always has been a hugely important aspect of pop music, and some of the most iconic moments in pop history have come from fashion and style. But in the early '00s, the girl group (and boy band) market was fiercely competitive—coming off the glory years of TLC, Destiny's Child, *NSYNC, Backstreet Boys, and countless others, there was just no room for boring tunes. Today, the only other girl group to match Fifth Harmony's popularity is Britain's Little Mix, and even they have cornered the market on middle-school sleepover pop while FH strive for something more adult. But ultimately, on their third, self-titled album, Fifth Harmony have fallen short of just about every conceivable metric other than Billboard streaming chart positions and YouTube views.
Even with “Down,” they even fail to reach their own standards for what makes a pop hit. That song is as good as it gets on Fifth Harmony, with the exception of little moments here and there that hint at something as immediately likable as their past successes. “He Is like That” uses a sleepy, slowed-down surf guitar to sweep the group into a sensual groove, but lyrics like “Pumps and a bump/Pumps and a bump/He likes the girls with the pumps and a bump,” convey playground fumbles rather than the raw sexuality they were clearly going for. “Angel,” a mid-tempo R&B jam that uses trap-like percussion to its advantage, repeatedly asks the question: “Who said I was an angel?” Well, no one did, most notably yourselves, who frankly haven't said much of anything this entire time.
Fifth Harmony isn't offensively bad, in fact, it sits quite comfortably with many other acts dominating the charts at the moment. But it's too safe, too by-the-numbers, too beige to stand up to even Fifth Harmony's previous work, which carried more lyrical and musical heft. At just 33 minutes, so much feels like filler greater ideas of the past and future. The real shame here is that, in the midst of a worldwide girl group slump (except for Asia, where J-pop and K-pop groups still reign supreme), Fifth Harmony could actually build something worth celebrating, even if it's just for the teens who make up their core fanbase. Say what you will about One Direction, but they went from “X Factor” also-rans to some of the most successful pop acts around, at a time when the mere concept of a boy band was laughable. From the 1960s onwards, girl groups have tackled themes of love, heartache, betrayal, and independence just as potently as the most obscure and ardent singer-songwriter or rock god, and it's a shame that Fifth Harmony represents such a lackluster marker in that history.
Ms. Francik, 27, a Harvard graduate from the Baltimore suburb of Cockeysville, had heard from friends who had gone to law school that their most valuable experience came from handling real cases in a clinic, she said in a recent telephone interview. She signed up and soon found herself engrossed, taking the unusual step of staying on for the spring semester as well.
“I almost moved into the clinic building for Mr. Norris's case,” Ms. Francik said. “I couldn't wait to get to the clinic building in the morning and start working.”
Working closely with two lawyers at the clinic, Ms. Francik prepared 182 pages of legal and personal material to support Mr. Norris's clemency application. Her enthusiasm and confidence during their one face-to-face meeting at Morgantown, in November, along with phone calls and numerous letters, so encouraged Mr. Norris that he began sewing the leather bag he hoped to carry out of prison.
His application was submitted in mid-February, joining thousands of others from inmates nationwide. They were evaluated by Department of Justice lawyers, who recommended top candidates for White House officials to cull. Mr. Obama reviewed data on each finalist, a White House spokesman said, before using his constitutional authority to commute their sentences.
In the early afternoon of March 31, a White House lawyer called the clinic to say that Mr. Norris had become one of 22 people who would be getting letters of congratulations from Mr. Obama. Ms. Francik received a text and bolted from her class — Professional Responsibility — to join the phone call alerting Mr. Norris, who naturally was in Morgantown's law library. He burst into tears.
“I'm not going to die in prison,” he recalled saying as he cried once more. “I'm on my way home.”
Mr. Norris spent the three-month wait for his release making sure he did nothing to jeopardize his good fortune. (Although most inmates were happy for him, a few resented his special treatment and tried to provoke altercations, he said.) On the morning he left for good, he told a crowd of hundreds of inmates seeing him off: “I'm not better than you. I just had to grow up.”
Getting Started
Walking toward his family in the parking lot, Mr. Norris wore heavy gray sweatpants and heavier gray whiskers, some pounds having migrated from his barrel chest to his belly, but still with the muscular shoulders of his distant youth. (His brother-in-law remarked, “Man, he looks good.”) Mr. Norris's younger son, Raymond, who could not travel to the reunion from New Mexico, received Mr. Norris's first phone call and a promise: “It'll be my last game of basketball — I'm going to show you what Daddy's got left and then retire.”
President-elect Donald Trump has called climate change a “hoax” and “bullshit.”
On the campaign trail, he pledged to dismantle clean energy plans, pull out of an international agreement to reduce carbon emissions and ease regulations on coal, oil and gas production as part of his plan to “Make America Great Again.”
What Trump will actually do after he takes the reins of government in January from President Barack Obama remains to be seen. But nonprofit groups, lawmakers, government officials and others say Hawaii needs to remain vigilant about protecting its environment over the next four years.
They say that means lawyering up to fight court battles, empowering citizens, reminding local decision-makers of their authority and investing more resources into state and county agencies that can backstop changes Trump and a GOP-controlled House and Senate may make at the federal level.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
“The state has often felt like it can just leave it to the feds,” said David Henkin, a Hawaii-based attorney for Earthjustice, a nonprofit environmental law organization. “They're not going to be able to pass the buck anymore. It's time for them to step up.”
There's a similar call for citizens to engage in the political process, government rulemaking and other activities that affect the world around them.
“The fox has taken over the henhouse,” Henkin said. “So if we want eggs, we're going to have to take care of our own henhouse.”
Until now, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and Environmental Protection Agency have jumped in when the state has fallen short and have partnered with Hawaii to ensure healthy water and air quality, safe wastewater systems and protections for endangered species.
The EPA recently spurred state health officials to post signs warning the public of chronically polluted beaches, for instance, and fined the state and counties thousands of dollars for illegal cesspools.
The Fish and Wildlife Service is providing grants to help protect Hawaii's honeybees and in September added 49 plants and animals in the islands to those listed for protection under the Endangered Species Act — to name just a couple examples of the agency's involvement in the Aloha State.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Given that level of federal involvement, there's concern over Trump directing Myron Ebell, a climate change skeptic, to lead the EPA transition team, not to mention talk of Sarah Palin, who does not believe in human-caused global warming, as secretary of the interior.
Suzanne Case, who heads the state Department of Land and Natural Resources, said last week that it's “too early to tell” exactly what a Trump presidency will mean for Hawaii.
If Trump succeeds in pulling the U.S. out of the Paris climate accord — an agreement reached in December among 195 countries to limit global warming to less than 2 degrees Celsius — that could hurt global efforts to reduce the worst effects of climate change, such as rising sea levels, stronger storms and ocean acidification.
Hawaii is particularly susceptible to rising sea levels, with the vast majority of the state's 1.4 million residents living near the coasts — not to mention billions of dollars worth of infrastructure.
The islands are also vulnerable to tropical storms and hurricanes. There were a record-breaking 15 named tropical systems in the Central Pacific last year.
Courtesy: NASA
Hiroyuki Murakami, a researcher at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory at Princeton University, told the New York Times in September that Hawaii has been having more active hurricane seasons in large part due to natural subtropical warming but also because of human-caused climate change.
He said global warming is expected to increase the frequency of active hurricane seasons in the Pacific, but natural variability will still play a role.
“In a world where the actions of the federal government are uncertain, it just emphasizes the importance for us to do our part,” Case said. “It's a call to forge on and do the best we can to steward our natural resources.”
DLNR's budget for this year is roughly $140 million and includes about $26 million in federal funding.
It's unclear at this point what federal programs or services might get cut under Trump and a Republican Congress. But officials are bracing for fewer grants and one-off cash infusions from the feds that have been used to tackle issues such as invasive species.
In August, U.S. Sen. Brian Schatz and the Department of the Interior announced $497,000 in extra federal funding to fight a fungus that is killing native ohia forests, particularly on the Big Island.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Interior Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary Kristen Sarri called Rapid Ohia Death a “biosecurity issue that warrants urgent actions.”
“It threatens to leave Hawaii's forests, ecosystems, watersheds and commerce in a vulnerable state,” she said in a statement. “Agencies must work together to generate the science needed to support decisive decisions.”
Case said Hawaii is already committed to protecting its watersheds, restoring nearshore fisheries, improving biosecurity, growing more local food and increasing renewable energy under Gov. David Ige's sustainability initiatives.
She declined to share what additional positions or funding she may seek in the budget for next fiscal year, which starts July 1, to help shore up any potential loss in federal money. The budget proposal is still being hammered out with the governor and will be unveiled in mid-December when he submits it to the Legislature.
Ige said through his spokeswoman, Cindy McMillan, that it's too soon for him to speculate on Trump's positions and policies or what the state may do in response.
Aside from state policies, Case and others underscored that Hawaii has strong environmental laws on the books and has been increasing funding in programs to protect its natural resources.
The Legislature approved nearly $5 million for conservation efforts and protection against invasive species in the 2017 budget, for example.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
State Rep. Chris Lee, who chairs the House Environmental Protection and Energy Committee, said Hawaii's constitution is among the nation's strongest when it comes to protecting the environment.
The state constitution says, in part, “Each person has the right to a clean and healthful environment, as defined by laws relating to environmental quality, including control of pollution and conservation, protection and enhancement of natural resources.”
“I don't think a Trump administration will be able to change that because our land, our water is part of who we are here in Hawaii,” Lee said. “An assault on that is an assault on the people of Hawaii.”
He and others highlighted the state's commitment to produce 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2045 — the most ambitious renewable energy mandate in the country.
“We're at a point in history where the fossil fuel industry is relying on billions of dollars in subsidies and we're actually seeing the renewable technologies begin to displace traditional fossil fuels,” Lee said. “The only way that industry is going to remain competitive in the long term is if politicians beholden to those industries continue to subsidize them and protect them at the expense of cheaper alternatives and at the expense of consumers.”
Courtesy: Ninian Reid/Flickr
Trump's energy plan calls for opening onshore and offshore lands and waters to oil, gas and coal production, easing regulations on the coal industry and scrapping Obama's Climate Action Plan and Clean Power Plan, which he says increase monthly electric bills by double-digits “without any measurable effect on Earth's climate.”
“The Trump Administration is firmly committed to conserving our wonderful natural resources and beautiful natural habitats,” Trump says on his official website. “America's environmental agenda will be guided by true specialists in conservation, not those with radical political agendas.”
Carl Bonham, executive director of the University of Hawaii Economic Research Organization and professor of economics, said renewable energy technologies are advancing and subsequently driving costs down so quickly that it may be soon possible for those emerging industries to stand on their own without federal support.
In the meantime, he said, there could be a surge in solar and wind projects to take advantage of federal tax credits while they still exist.
Bonham and others see market forces at work when it comes to the coal industry, which Trump has pledged to save from ruin.
“Coal is failing because natural gas is so cheap,” Bonham said. “Coal jobs are not coming back just as manufacturing jobs are not coming back.”
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
But he is worried about Trump and a GOP-controlled Congress reducing investments in renewable energy research and development, such as battery storage systems that let homeowners and businesses store energy created by intermittent renewable power sources like wind or solar.
“The research community is pretty worried, and justifiably so — the Republican Party doesn't believe in the science,” Bonham said. “You have the perfect storm for trying to dismantle the regulatory environment that tries to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and tries to support the R&D behind doing more renewables.”
Bonham said that won't end progress that's been made on that front, but could slow it.
“It's not scary about economic growth in the next five years. It's scary about our kids,” he said, referring to how federal policy changes and climate change could affect the next generation.
It's clear to Bonham that the environmental policies Trump and GOP members in Congress have touted are financially driven.
“Follow the money,” he said. “Why would every country in the world except North Korea and the Republican Party agree that we need to do something about climate change? Where is the financial incentive?”
Stuart Coleman, Surfrider Foundation's Hawaiian Islands manager, pointed at how “Planet at the Crossroads” was the theme of the quadrennial International Union for Conservation of Nature's World Conservation Congress held in September in Honolulu.
“This is 10,000 of the best scientists and environmental advocates in the world,” he said. “These are not alarmists. These are people who know the most about our climate and the conditions and state we are in right now.”
Coleman and others see a chance for Hawaii to stand up as a national leader in protecting the environment and for citizens to increase their involvement in government.
“We've been asleep at the wheel,” he said. “We've had this mantra of ‘big government is the problem,' but where has that gotten us?”
Surfrider, like the Sierra Club and other environmental nonprofits, relies on citizen science and grassroots activism.
Surfrider, for instance, routinely does its own water quality testing that it then shares with local governments. In Hawaii, that effort recently led to the state posting signs at two chronically polluted beaches, and there are plans to post dozens more in other areas.
“We need to demand what we want from our government and then work with them to make it happen,” Coleman said.
Marti Townsend, who heads Sierra Club's Hawaii Chapter, said she's still assessing how Trump's presidency may affect Hawaii's environment.
She cited Red Hill in Central Oahu, where the U.S. Navy has underground fueled tanks that leaked roughly 30,000 gallons in January 2014. There's an agreement between the EPA, state Department of Health and Navy to make the tanks safer.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
“The EPA has been held out as the safeguard of the public's interest in addressing leaks from this facility,” Townsend said. “If the Trump administration follows through on the promise to dismantle the EPA then Oahu needs to have its own mechanisms in place to ensure our water supply is protected. And we should extend that precautionary approach to all of the authorizations we currently rely on as delegated from the EPA.”
Scott Glenn, director of the state Office of Environmental Quality Control, said Hawaii has been weaning itself from the federal government since U.S. Sen. Dan Inouye died in 2012.
Inouye, who chaired the Senate Committee on Appropriations, funneled millions of dollars to Hawaii during his long tenure.
Glenn said the past few years have helped Hawaii relearn how to be more reliant on itself and less on the federal government.
But now more than ever, he said elected officials will need to be standing up for the environment.
“It's not enough to say nice words at big events,” Glenn said. “That's where the political leadership comes in.”
Courtesy U.S. Navy
He said his office has already been reviewing proposed projects through the lens of climate change.
But in other states and at the federal level, Glenn anticipates government officials becoming more reactive rather than proactive when it comes to climate adaptation measures.
State Sen. Russell Ruderman, an environmentalist who owns a chain of organic food stores on the Big Island, said Hawaii has more to lose — and gain — than most states.
He noted the tourism industry depends on a healthy environment, but that the islands are more susceptible to the effects of climate change.
“What we could do about it, if we have the will, is redoubled our own efforts and replace some federal funding to keep programs going,” Ruderman said, adding that he expects severe cuts in federal funding of environmental programs.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
But there's one thing the senator is far more worried about than funding cuts.
“My greatest fear of this presidency is a nuclear war,” Ruderman said. “That certainly would be an environmental disaster.”
Henkin said Earthjustice, like other organizations and citizen groups, does not plan to sit idly by, and that it is twice as big as it was when Geoge W. Bush became president in 2001.
“We're going to be fighting in the courts, we're going to be fighting in Congress, we're going to be fighting at the state level and make sure we don't start backsliding,” he said.
Sierra Club Executive Director Michael Brune has been sending one email blast out after another and the group is doing a dollar-for-dollar match of donations to “fight back against Trump.”
“If you're concerned about the effects that a Trump presidency could have, you need to join organizations that care,” Townsend said. “We want to see communities directly engaged.”
Coleman said Surfrider is hosting its free annual “Civics Is Sexy” workshop Jan. 21 at the Capitol for the public to learn about the legislative process and how to get involved in issues.
“What this election has shown more than anything is citizens have to work harder to take back their government,” he said. “I hope there's this reawakened sense of citizen engagement.”
4 New African Renewable Energy Projects Get Funding & Go-Ahead
June 16th, 2017 by Joshua S Hill
Three African renewable energy projects have been awarded funding from Access Power's Access Co-Development Facility support mechanism, while at the same time French electric utility ENGIE partnered with sub-Saharan African developer eleQtra to develop and construct a wind power project in Ghana.
In the space of only a few days, four separate renewable energy projects were given the means to proceed. Access Power, a developer and owner and operator of power assets in emerging countries, announced the winners of its $7 million Access Co-Development Facility (ACF), a funding and support platform that it developed to provide local project developers in Africa with the technical expertise and funding necessary to bring their projects to fruition. A total of 82 entrants from 23 countries were sorted down to three winners:
Tanzania: 30MW, Kondoa, Solar PV project
Rwanda: 9.7MW, Rukarara, Hydro project
Ghana: 48MW, Winneba, Wind project
The projects, though small in size, are nevertheless big in impact for Africa. Together, they will provide more than 85 megawatts (MW) of electricity, which is enough to power more than 420,000 homes and businesses across the three countries.
“We are very excited to begin working with today's winners in partnership with EREN and help bring their projects to fruition,” said Reda El Chaar, Executive Chairman of Access Power. “Each of these projects has the power to dramatically improve the lives of the communities around these renewable energy facilities.
“By partnering with us, these local entrepreneurs will gain access to not only our pot of $7 million but also our network of contacts and technical experts, underlining the unique nature of the ACF in creating a clear route to market.”
Each of the projects will now enter into a Joint Development Agreement with Access Power, which will take an equity stake in each project. Each project will therefore have access to the company's resources, access to its network, and will receive assistance in funding, grid studies, environmental and social impacts, and due diligence fees.
Another project, however, also received a go-ahead, thanks to a partnership between French electric utility ENGIE, which partnered with eleQtra, a developer of power and transportation projects in sub-Saharan Africa. The two signed a Joint Development Agreement to support the development of the 50 MW Ada Wind power project, set to be developed in the Greater Accra Region in Ghana. ENGIE will enter as a 40% partner in the project, which is expected to require financing of around $120 million, and could begin operations as early as the beginning of 2019.
“eleQtra is delighted to have ENGIE joining the development of what we believe will be the first wind energy project in Ghana,” said eleQtra Partner Ebbe Hamilton. “We will now start the next phase of the development in order to bring the project as soon as possible into operation.”
“The Ghanaian Government is looking to strengthen its renewable energy industry and is putting in place a regulatory framework that should encourage the electrification of the country in an affordable and sustainable manner,” added Philippe Miquel, Regional Manager Western & Central Africa for ENGIE. “The Ada Wind Project will be instrumental in the diversification of Ghana's energy portfolio. Our partnership will bring the technical experience, the local knowledge and the funding required to develop, construct and deliver this competitive 50 MW wind project.”
Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik.
A long-simmering dispute between government agencies and technology companies is taking on a new urgency. James Comey, the director of the FBI, testified during the Intelligence Committee session on Tuesday that his agents still haven't been able to access one of the phones of Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik, who killed 14 people in San Bernardino on December 2, because the device is locked and encrypted.
Personal privacy became a big selling point for technology companies after the extent of the NSA's domestic-spying program was revealed by Edward Snowden in 2013. Companies perceiving a money-making opportunity in the national crisis of trust, as is their wont, began offering devices and software that would protect data and communications from prying eyes.
These weren't just products for Tor-browsing conspiracy nuts who carried their phones around in little reflective bags, but mainstream offerings like, say, iPhones, and WhatsApp, and SnapChat. For example, it is now relatively commonplace for service providers to hold no keys for unlocking or accessing a user's data. At Apple, since the iPhone 6, the company has been unable to access, and thereby unable to hand over, users' messages and personal information. Customers are for the most part happy with this, but the government argues that those same measures have made it easier for terrorists and criminals to commit crimes.
Officials have been saying for years that they have only the noblest law-enforcing intentions for accessing people's data, but seeing how we got here in the first place, many people are understandably dubious. And it isn't just the United States. Last year U.K. prime minister David Cameron straight up said there should be no “means of communication,” which “we cannot read”.
According to people in the know, the debate over encryption is about much more than privacy versus security. Technology experts have been outspoken that the mere existence of a key to access confidential information would leave vital infrastructural and economic information vulnerable to prying eyes, government or other.
Still, no one is arguing that encrypted technology isn't used to perpetrate crimes of all sorts, or that increasingly tech-savvy terrorists don't know about encryption or use it to plan attacks, recruit followers, and escape prosecution.
The government is all too aware of the damage done to its credibility following the Snowden debacle, and the Obama administration has tried time and time again to reassure the public it is not spying on them — just yesterday the White House announced a new federal inter-agency privacy council — all the while fighting to preserve the tools that make domestic spying possible.
What officials have needed was an example of the real human cost of widespread encryption. Now, in the San Bernardino case they have a concrete and highly emotional example to make their case on. And, if domestic terrorism — at a Christmas party no less! — isn't heart-string-tugging enough for you, Comey also mentioned another case in which a pregnant woman was murdered in Louisiana and her killer is still unknown. The only piece of evidence, Comey said, was her phone and agents have been unable to access it.
The debate is most likely only going to heat up as fears surrounding domestic terrorism become more acute. If rhetoric from the campaign trail is any kind of barometer (ISIS! Terror! Mexico!), this country may be ready to swing back in favor of security even at the expense of privacy.
(If you like this picture you can COMMISSION ME!)
$21 Full Color commission for Sek-Raktaa http://www.furaffinity.net/user/sek-raktaa/ of his fursona and his character Cassandra and Gwenhyrfar fighting off the hordes ala Skyrim style.
Concept wasn't particularly simple since it was a fight scene, with a whole swarm of characters in those "real is brown" sort of medieval fantasy outfits with way too much detail to ever be accounted for properly when doing something with an ink base. Specific things needed to happen in whatever order, and this to a 4:3 wallpaper size.
Probably tons of things I could comment on, that I may have done right or wrong on. At the moment I am convinced I messed up on something crucial as I have come down with a cold and my brain just forgets things since it's too sick and sore to really remember what it was supposed to be doing. Not a good thing to have. I can draw pretty well and fast when I'm sick (if I can be inspired), but when it comes to finishing and polishing images, I'm pretty certain something suffered here, but no idea what.
Photoshop CS4
While everyone knows of the famous Jagannath Rath Yatra in Puri, there is one other in Bengal that has quite a huge devout following as well. This is the Rath Yatra of Mahesh in Hooghly district's Sreerampore, which is said to be the second oldest chariot festival in the world and the oldest in Bengal, having been celebrated since 1396 on the same day as the Puri Ratha Yatra. This year marks its 621st edition.
Advertising
The story of Mahesh Jagannath temple is an intersting one. According to one of the legends, a Bengali sadhu called Drubananda Brahmachari was once denied the chance to offer ‘bhog' (food offerings) to Lord Jagannath. Dejected, the sage went on a fast until death. On the third day, Jagannath came in his dreams and told him to make the idols of Balarama, Jagannath and Subhadra with daru-brahma (neem trunk). The lord also wanted to have ‘bhog' from his disciple. The sage then returned to Mahesh to make the idols from the daru-brahma he found one night.
The establishment of this Mahesh temple also indicates that religious custom of following Jagannath had spread to Bengal before the arrival of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu, which was in the 15th century. In fact, it is said that once Sri Chaitanya – on his way to Puri – visited Drubananda's temple at Mahesh, where he lost his sense and attained deep samadhi. This is why he rechristened Mahesh as Naba Nilachal (new Puri). At Drubananda behest, he made his disciple Kamalakar Piplai the head priest, who would later go on to start the rath yatra, but it is not known when the original temple ceased to exist.
History of Mahesh Rath Yatra
The new Mahesh temple in Kolkata was built by Nayanchand Mallik of Pathuriaghata in 1755, for Rs 20,000. In 1797, Sri Ramkrishna Dev's renowned disciple Balaram Basu's grandfather, Shri Krishnaram Basu, donated a chariot to the temple. Somehow this was burnt a couple of years later. Two other raths met with ill fates after this, and it was only in 1885 that the present chariot was built by the Martin Burn Company, under the patronage of Dewan Krishnachandra. The new four-storeyed chariot is 50ft high and weighs 125 tonnes.
Balabandhak Pala
There are many wonderful folklores of Jagannath around the temple at Mahesh. According to local storytellers, Lord Jagannath went to Mahesh all the way from Puri to taste its famous ‘mihidana'. But he did not have money, so he gave his armlet to buy the sweet. On his return to Puri, the pandas (priests) found the armlet missing. They apparently found out what happened, and then the pandas went to Mahesh to return with the ‘bala'.
Local rituals
Unlike the idols in Puri's Jagannath temple, which are changed every 12 years, the idols by Kamalakar Pipilai are used till date, though not taken out in public. The angaraga ceremony is held just two days after the snanyatra and two weeks before the rath yatra. Lord Jagannath is sworn in as the crown, just a day before the rath yatra.
Advertising
The Mahesh Rath Yatra festival, which turns 621 this year, is said to witness a gathering of 200,000-300,000 people every year, making it the second largest chariot festival in the world. Venerated persons like Sri Ramakrishna and his wife Sarada Devi from yesteryears to contemporary dramatist Girish Chandra Ghosh, among others, have come to visit the famous fair, going by the book ‘Radharani' by Bankim Chandra Chatterjee.
Ted Cruz: 'contested' convention OK, 'brokered' convention not
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz said Tuesday in an interview with Fox News, which aired Wednesday evening, that he would be OK with a "contested convention," but not a "brokered convention."
The two terms have become prominent in political buzz as it grows increasingly likely that no candidate will claim an outright majority of delegates before the GOP convention in July. In that case, delegates would re-vote to pick a winner.
Cruz previously has asserted that a brokered convention would prompt a voter "revolt," but he told Fox's Megyn Kelly at a town hall interview in Raleigh, North Carolina that, "a contested convention is a different thing."
RELATED: Ted Cruz predicts 'revolt' if GOP convention is brokered
So, what's the difference? According to Jeff Engle, director of the Center for Presidential History at Southern Methodist University, "In a contested convention, no one shows up with all the delegates they need (to win the nomination). In a brokered convention, people begin cutting deals."
In other words, the delegates supporting third- and fourth-place candidates would have to choose which of the top two candidates to support in a contested convention.
"All of these definitions are kind of squishy," said Aaron Crawford, a post-doctoral fellow at the Center for Presidential History. "I'm pretty sure that no one knows exactly what they mean yet. They're going to have to figure out the rules."
A brokered convention implies that a backroom meeting of party bosses would make arrangements to pick a candidate — plausibly one that wasn't even on the primary ballot. That hasn't happened in modern political history, and it's hard to imagine how it would work.
Fox News' Megyn Kelly interviewed Texas Sen. Ted Cruz at a town...
"I think it would be absolutely catastrophic to have a brokered convention where they try to parachute in some D.C. establishment candidate. You would see an open revolt," Cruz said to cheers Tuesday, before saying that a contested convention, with an open vote on the floor, would be acceptable.
RELATED: Anti-Trump Republicans see delegate math leaving one option: Cruz
"Reagan and Ford battled it out at a contested convention," he said in reference to the 1976 GOP convention. "That's what conventions are for. If you're fighting between the candidates who have earned the votes of the people, and it's the delegates at the convention who've been elected to do that, that's the way the system works and that's perfectly appropriate."
Late last month, Cruz told reporters in Texas that a contested convention was "not going to happen," Politico reported.
The New York Times reported Wednesday that GOP presidential contender Donald Trump would need 54 percent of the remaining delegates to win the nomination, while Cruz would need 62 percent. If both candidates fall below that mark, the convention will be contested.
TORONTO -- When he was 7 years old, Dallas Stars forward Patrick Eaves broke his back playing in the yard.
Around that time, his father, former NHL forward Mike Eaves, bought a table tennis machine for the basement. It helped with Patrick's recovery.
"I just learned by myself in the basement with the machine," Patrick said. "It's kind of a weird story, a funky story."
Eaves' considerable table tennis skills were on display Thursday when he won the title at Smashfest IV, a charity event organized by New York Rangers forward Dominic Moore. The event featured about 30 NHL players who played in a pro-am format and then squared off against each other for the Smashfest championship.
Winning the event and the bragging rights that go with it is a big deal among the players. Table tennis has become a daily activity in dressing rooms around the League.
"We've had a table in Vancouver for a number of years now," said Canucks forward Alexandre Burrows, adding that forwards Daniel Sedin and Henrik Sedin are among the most avid players on the team.
"I don't know if it's the Euros' influence, but I know in our locker room, the twins are always on the table practicing and playing. Back in the day we had Mikael Samuelsson, who was a great player too. It's just a good warmup prior to practice. Guys like to joke around and have fun."
Moore said, "A lot of people don't know there's a pingpong table in every locker room in the League. I had the idea to come up with an event and thought it would be kind of the perfect. It's social, it's fun, and it brings out personalities. Hockey players don't necessarily get a chance to bring out their personality that often, and I think that's why it's been so well-received."
Moore created the charity event and has directed the funds to cancer research after his wife, Katie, died from a rare form of liver cancer in 2013. The money raised at Smashfest will help fund a collaborative study of rare cancers involving the University of California in San Francisco and the Princess Margaret Hospital in Toronto.
"It costs money to collaborate and this is seed money that will give us the ability to do that," Dr. Alan Venook of the UCSF Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center said. "We would like to have four or five centers and explain these rare cancers. If you can analyze 20 cases rather than two, you can learn a lot."
The first three editions of Smashfest raised $270,000, including $140,000 last year.
Eaves defeated Stephane Veilleux, who played last season with the Minnesota Wild and was the defending champion, in a fiercely contested final that was cheered by hundreds of spectators. Eaves defeated Burrows, and Veilleux defeated Moore in the semifinals.
"That's what's great about us. We're all so competitive. It doesn't matter what we do," Eaves said. "Once you get in it, you're in it. You want that. You want to be competitive with someone else. It's fun. It doesn't matter what you do. This group of guys, we're all in the NHL for a reason and that's because we're competitive. We brought it here tonight and it was for a great cause."
Eaves said his father and his brother, Ben, are about as good as he is and they had some great battles growing up. Ben is a lefty, and Mike uses a pen-hold grip.
"When I came here tonight, I had kind of seen it all already," Eaves said.
He said the best table tennis player he's seen in the NHL was Daniel Alfredsson, a former teammate with the Ottawa Senators.
He was humble after his victory and downplayed the title of NHL table tennis champion.
"For tonight, anyway," Eaves said. "[Alfredsson] and I really battled it out in Ottawa and he's probably the best I've ever played. I think I learned a lot from him."
In California, drivers can now be pulled over for using their GPS while driving. Extending the state's current ban on texting while driving, an appellate court in California v. Spriggs argued that the “distraction would be present whether the wireless telephone was being used as a telephone, a GPS navigator a clock or a device for sending and receiving text messages and emails.”
So-called “distracted driving” laws have a mixed history of efficacy. In 2010, a study in the American Journal of Public Health found that “Any reduction in accidents following texting bans is short-lived, however, with accidents returning to near former levels within a few months.”
The most recent study, however, found that such laws are “moderately successful,” but only if they are strictly enforced. The study, to be published in next month's American Economic Journal: Applied Economics, only looked at scenarios where the blame could be squarely placed on (digitally) distracted driving: single-vehicle, single-occupancy crashes. In some states, for instance, police cannot pull a driver over for texting while driving, but only add on a citation to another violation. In states with “strong” bans, driving fatalities were reduced 8 percent.
In Spriggs, the judge left it open as to whether the law should also apply to checking things like email, or whether drivers could safely use a hands-free version of GPS. Either way, the National Safety Council warns, “there is no research or evidence that indicates voice-activated technologies eliminate or even reduce the distraction to the drivers' mind.”
Looks like we won't be safe on the road until we all get robotic cars. Appropriately enough, thanks to Google's powerful lobbying, they're now legal in California.
[Image Credit: Flickr user mrJasonWeaver]
How Dirty Is That Auden Poem That Was Too Dirty for the ‘Times Book Review'?
Courtesy of Scribner
The highlight of this weekend's New York Times Book Review is Dan Chiasson's highly entertaining review of The Best American Erotic Poems, a new anthology of humpy verse edited by David Lehman. After calling John Updike's “Fellatio” “perhaps the worst poem ever written on any subject,” Chiasson gleefully quotes the poem: “It is beautiful to think / that each of these clean secretaries / at night, to please her lover, takes / a fountain into her mouth.” But Chiasson teases us with his description of the dirtiest poem in the anthology, W.H. Auden's “The Platonic Blow,” which Chiasson can only call “is the dirtiest verse written since Rochester — I can't even talk about it here.”
So how dirty is it, really?
It is really, really, really, really dirty. Like a Penthouse Forum letter, except in lively verse, and with no women. It's sort of great, and also sort of cheesy and awful, and also occasionally hilarious. (“‘Shall I rim you?' I whispered. He shifted his limbs in assent.”) We feel compelled to reprint the entire thing, just because we never had any idea that W.H. Auden wrote an unbelievably filthy poem about an anonymous blow job.
According to the editor's note, Auden wrote the poem in 1948, and copies were circulated among friends and fans for years, before Ed Sanders (of the Fugs) printed an unauthorized version in 1965. Auden publicly denied authorship, which is why we can reprint this without permission and with impunity (as does the anthology, which doesn't include Auden's poem on its copyright page). Enjoy!
Hot or Not [NYTBR]
Related: Vulture's extensive coverage of poetry!
Related: Vulture's much more extensive coverage of wangs!
ockquote>The Platonic Blow
W. H. Auden
It was a spring day, a day for a lay, when the air
Smelled like a locker-room, a day to blow or get blown;
Returning from lunch I turned my corner and there
On a near-by stoop I saw him standing alone.
I glanced as I advanced. The clean white T-shirt outlined
A forceful torso, the light-blue denims divulged
Much. I observed the snug curves where they hugged the behind,
I watched the crotch where the cloth intriguingly bulged.
Our eyes met. I felt sick. My knees turned weak.
I couldn't move. I didn't know what to say.
In a blur I heard words, myself like a stranger speak
“Will you come to my room?” Then a husky voice, “O.K.”
I produced some beer and we talked. Like a little boy
He told me his story. Present address: next door.
Half Polish, half Irish. The youngest. From Illinois.
Profession: mechanic. Name: Bud. Age: twenty-four.
He put down his glass and stretched his bare arms along
The back of my sofa. The afternoon sunlight struck
The blond hairs on the wrist near my head. His chin was strong.
His mouth sucky. I could hardly believe my luck.
And here he was sitting beside me, legs apart.
I could bear it no longer. I touched the inside of his thigh.
His reply was to move closer. I trembled, my heart
Thumped and jumped as my fingers went to his fly.
I opened a gap in the flap. I went in there.
I sought for a slit in the gripper shorts that had charge
Of the basket I asked for. I came to warm flesh then to hair.
I went on. I found what I hoped. I groped. It was large.
He responded to my fondling in a charming, disarming way:
Without a word he unbuckled his belt while I felt.
And lolled back, stretching his legs. His pants fell away.
Carefully drawing it out, I beheld what I held.
The circumcised head was a work of mastercraft
With perfectly beveled rim of unusual weight
And the friendliest red. Even relaxed, the shaft
Was of noble dimensions with the wrinkles that indicate
Singular powers of extension. For a second or two,
It lay there inert, then suddenly stirred in my hand,
Then paused as if frightened or doubtful of what to do.
And then with a violent jerk began to expand.
By soundless bounds it extended and distended, by quick
Great leaps it rose, it flushed, it rushed to its full size.
Nearly nine inches long and three inches thick,
A royal column, ineffably solemn and wise.
I tested its length and strength with a manual squeeze.
I bunched my fingers and twirled them about the knob.
I stroked it from top to bottom. I got on my knees.
I lowered my head. I opened my mouth for the job.
But he pushed me gently away. He bent down. He unlaced
His shoes. He removed his socks. Stood up. Shed
His pants altogether. Muscles in arms and waist
Rippled as he whipped his T-shirt over his head.
I scanned his tan, enjoyed the contrast of brown
Trunk against white shorts taut around small
Hips. With a dig and a wriggle he peeled them down.
I tore off my clothes. He faced me, smiling. I saw all.
The gorgeous organ stood stiffly and straightly out
With a slight flare upwards. At each beat of his heart it threw
An odd little nod my way. From the slot of the spout
Exuded a drop of transparent viscous goo.
The lair of hair was fair, the grove of a young man,
A tangle of curls and whorls, luxuriant but couth.
Except for a spur of golden hairs that fan
To the neat navel, the rest of the belly was smooth.
Well hung, slung from the fork of the muscular legs,
The firm vase of his sperm, like a bulging pear,
Cradling its handsome glands, two herculean eggs,
Swung as he came towards me, shameless, bare.
We aligned mouths. We entwined. All act was clutch,
All fact contact, the attack and the interlock
Of tongues, the charms of arms. I shook at the touch
Of his fresh flesh, I rocked at the shock of his cock.
Straddling my legs a little I inserted his divine
Person between and closed on it tight as I could.
The upright warmth of his belly lay all along mine.
Nude, glued together for a minute, we stood.
I stroked the lobes of his ears, the back of his head
And the broad shoulders. I took bold hold of the compact
Globes of his bottom. We tottered. He fell on the bed.
Lips parted, eyes closed, he lay there, ripe for the act.
Mad to be had, to be felt and smelled. My lips
Explored the adorable masculine tits. My eyes
Assessed the chest. I caressed the athletic hips
And the slim limbs. I approved the grooves of the thighs.
I hugged, I snuggled into an armpit. I sniffed
The subtle whiff of its tuft. I lapped up the taste
Of its hot hollow. My fingers began to drift
On a trek of inspection, a leisurely tour of the waist.
Downward in narrowing circles they playfully strayed.
Encroached on his privates like poachers, approached the prick,
But teasingly swerved, retreated from meeting. It betrayed
Its pleading need by a pretty imploring kick.
“Shall I rim you?” I whispered. He shifted his limbs in assent.
Turned on his side and opened his legs, let me pass
To the dark parts behind. I kissed as I went
The great thick cord that ran back from his balls to his arse.
Prying the buttocks aside, I nosed my way in
Down the shaggy slopes. I came to the puckered goal.
It was quick to my licking. He pressed his crotch to my chin.
His thighs squirmed as my tongue wormed in his hole.
His sensations yearned for consummation. He untucked
His legs and lay panting, hot as a teen-age boy.
Naked, enlarged, charged, aching to get sucked,
Clawing the sheet, all his pores open to joy.
I inspected his erection. I surveyed his parts with a stare
From scrotum level. Sighting along the underside
Of his cock, I looked through the forest of pubic hair
To the range of the chest beyond rising lofty and wide.
I admired the texture, the delicate wrinkles and the neat
Sutures of the capacious bag. I adored the grace
Of the male genitalia. I raised the delicious meat
Up to my mouth, brought the face of its hard-on to my face.
Slipping my lips round the Byzantine dome of the head,
With the tip of my tongue I caressed the sensitive groove.
He thrilled to the trill. “That's lovely!” he hoarsely said.
“Go on! Go on!” Very slowly I started to move.
Gently, intently, I slid to the massive base
Of his tower of power, paused there a moment down
In the warm moist thicket, then began to retrace
Inch by inch the smooth way to the throbbing crown.
Indwelling excitements swelled at delights to come
As I descended and ascended those thick distended walls.
I grasped his root between left forefinger and thumb
And with my right hand tickled his heavy voluminous balls.
I plunged with a rhythmical lunge steady and slow,
And at every stroke made a corkscrew roll with my tongue.
His soul reeled in the feeling. He whimpered “Oh!”
As I tongued and squeezed and rolled and tickled and swung.
Then I pressed on the spot where the groin is joined to the cock,
Slipped a finger into his arse and massaged him from inside.
The secret sluices of his juices began to unlock.
He melted into what he felt. “O Jesus!” he cried.
Waves of immeasurable pleasures mounted his member in quick
Spasms. I lay still in the notch of his crotch inhaling his sweat.
His ring convulsed round my finger. Into me, rich and thick,
His hot spunk spouted in gouts, spurted in jet after jet.
How Dirty Is That Auden Poem That Was Too Dirty for the ‘Times Book Review'?
You disavow Marxism-Leninism-(Maoism) which is the only type of communism that ever created a successful revolution. You also disavow any socialist states, existing or that have existed.
On these states you, a "communist" are often found parroting State Department and CIA lines.
You believe that you uniquely, a westerner, know better than people in these actually existing socialist states like Venezuela, Cuba and DPRK You will call these people "brainwashed" or imply they're a bit thick.
Your utter arrogance and ego don't allow you to learn Marxism properly. You cannot repress your bourgeois urges being smart and witty and right and contrarian. So you fashion something bespoke, because nothing else will do for a snowflake like you, some cherry picked ideology as if Marxism is a cafeteria and end up calling yourself a "Luxemburgian Anarcha-Femine-Communo-Hoxhaist".
In short. You sound like a fucking State Department spook. No existing socialism is good for you. No historically existing one is good for you. When people in Russia say they want USSR and Stalin back you call them brainwashed. You believe in anti-DPRK propaganda. You think Rojava is cool and leftist even as SDP and Y/JPG work together with the interest of the Empire.
You are useless and ineffectual because you loathe and abhor any kind of discipline, including ideological and philosophical. You will no doubt balk at the concept itself. Your first instinct will probably be to call it fascist.
TL;DR YOU DON'T SUPPORT COMMUNISTS IN THE GLOBAL SOUTH AND DEVELOPING WORD AND IN FACT A LOT OF THE TIMES YOU WORK DIRECTLY TO OUR DETRIMENT SO WE DESPISE YOU AND LAUGH ABOUT YOUR IGNORANCE.
New research into the life spans of great white sharks in the northwest Atlantic indicates that the apex predators can live as long as humans – at least into their 70s, and nearly three times as long as previously thought.
Until recently, sharks' ages typically were determined by counting growth bands in the their vertebrae, similar to those found in trees. This technique had led marine biologists to believe that great whites only live into their 20s.
“It's not an easy thing to read band pairs on shark vertebrae,” says Lisa Natanson, a fisheries biologist in the Apex Predators Program at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Northeast Fisheries Science Center, and a lead author of the study published online Wednesday in PLOS ONE, a peer-reviewed, open-access scientific journal.
“It's not like tree rings, where everybody knows for sure what band pairs look like and what they mean in terms of how often they are deposited. Every species [of shark] is completely different, so you have to start from scratch when defining the criterion for counting a band pair.”
Examining vertebrae archived at the National Marine Fisheries Service in Narragansett, R.I., Dr. Natanson initially began counting band pairs to determine the age of four female and four male sharks caught in the northwest Atlantic between 1967 and 2010.
While other researchers had counted the bands visible on x-rays, Natanson examined actual vertebrae. She soon identified additional rings within each band. When she counted those rings, she came up with much higher estimates for the predators' ages. That's when she decided to use radiocarbon dating to test the efficacy of each of the counting methods.
Radiocarbon dating – not to be confused with the carbon dating of fossils – relies on the known persistence of carbon isotopes left over in the ocean from nuclear weapons testing in the 1950s and 1960s.
By taking core samples from several points on the vertebrae and comparing the amount of radiocarbon in each sample with the established knowledge of the radiocarbon's persistence in the environment, Natanson and her colleagues were able to determine the actual age of the 8 sharks sampled.
“Not only were my higher band counts closer, but they weren't even high enough,” she says.
The radiocarbon dating indicated that the oldest of the female samples had lived to be 40 years old, and the oldest male lived to be 73. Because the sample size was small, just four of each gender, Natanson does not believe this is any indication that males live longer than females. It just so happens that this particular male lived much longer than that particular female.
She also believes it likely that there are even older great whites swimming around in the northwest Atlantic.
“These are lower-end estimates because these are not the biggest white sharks that we've found out there swimming,” she says. “They are just the biggest ones that we have samples of.”
Because the sharks sampled all came from the northwest Atlantic – most were caught off Long Island and one was caught near Prince Edward Island – this does not necessarily mean that other great whites in other oceans or even other parts of the Atlantic have similar life spans.
“People say a white shark is a white shark is a white shark, but that's just not true,” she says. “We are finding that the same species [of sharks] from different areas have different parameters and different longevities.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
While we know a great deal about other shark species, marine biologists know little about great whites. Scientists disagree on just how many sharks are swimming in the world's oceans. As apex predators that feed at the top of the food chain, their numbers are low. Sharks currently are considered endangered and are listed as a prohibited species.
This new information can help to inform sustainable management of great white shark populations by offering insight into the number of pups that females typically produce in their lifespan.
An Iranian immigrant has been arrested for allegedly stabbing his wife to death because she converted to Christianity.
Amir Darbanou, 42, was arrested by authorities in Sydney, Australia, after police discovered his wife dead from stab wounds in the couple's Potts Point apartment, the Daily Mail reports.
Thirty-five-year-old Nasrin Abek, a hairdresser who emigrated to Australia with her husband four years ago, was found dead on September 28 after police were alerted by the woman's father, who is still living in Iran.
Police told The Sydney Morning Herald that the suspect and his wife had no history of domestic abuse, but neighbors reported hearing the pair fighting on the night of her murder.
Darbanou reportedly called his wife's father and confessed to the crime. The father-in-law lamented that he had to call police in Australia “several times” before they would take him seriously.
“The first time they didn't pay attention to me. The second time I kept calling them,” Ahmad Afjeh said.
Police reported that a lot of blood was found at the scene and they are sure Darbanou is the perpetrator.
“We are not looking at any other suspects in this matter,” Kings Cross Superintendent Michael Fitzgerald said.
Darbanou reportedly became angry when his wife wanted to become a Christian. He also believed she was having an affair.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, June 6, 2017, before the Senate Appropriations Committee, Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee hearing on the fiscal year 2018 budget. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Education Secretary Betsy DeVos said Tuesday that schools receiving federal money should follow federal law, but she would not commit to banning discrimination against LGBT students in private schools.
The Trump administration's budget proposal significantly cuts funding for teacher training and after-school programs and student financial aid, while boosting funding for charter schools and vouchers that parents can use to send children to private schools. Critics fear that private religious schools may discriminate against students based on sexual orientation, gender identity, religion or disability.
DeVos was asked during a Senate subcommittee hearing on Tuesday whether such discrimination would be allowed. DeVos said: “Schools that receive federal funds must follow federal law, period.”
But when Sen. Jeff Merkley, a Democrat from Oregon, said federal law is unsettled on LGBT discrimination and pressed DeVos to elaborate, she indicated that was not her call to make: “On areas where law is unsettled, this department is not going to be issuing decrees; that is a matter for Congress and the courts to settle.”
“I don't support discrimination in any form,” DeVos added.
Similarly, DeVos was asked by Sen. Jack Reed, a Democrat from Rhode Island, whether non-traditional public schools receiving federal funding will be required to accept all students, including students with disabilities, DeVos would not directly answer the question, saying only that schools accepting federal money should follow federal law.
LGBTQ advocates slammed DeVos.
“By once again turning a blind eye to LGBTQ students who experience discrimination in school, Secretary DeVos continues to prove why she was the wrong choice to lead our nation's education system,” said Sarah Kate Ellis, president and CEO of GLAAD, a leading advocacy group. “If she wants to be known as more than an anti-LGBTQ activist, the time is now to reverse course.”
Mike Petrilli, president of the conservative Thomas B. Fordham Institute, said DeVos was right when she said there are currently no federal civil rights protections with regard to LGBTQ students. But he added that DeVos should have been more clear when talking about the $240 million school choice initiative included in the budget.
“That's a fair question,” Petrilli said. “If she is serious about proposing it and wants it to actually have a chance of getting enacted by Congress, then she should be clear about what rules private school participating in the initiative would have to follow.”
DeVos is facing an uphill struggle defending President Donald Trump's education budget. Sen. Roy Blunt, of Missouri, chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee dealing with education spending, said at the start of the hearing that the cuts laid out in the budget will be difficult or even “all but impossible” to accept.
Martin West, associate professor of education at Harvard University, said that judging by Congress' “lukewarm” response, passing the education portion of the budget will be a long shot. “The attention that these controversies have generated only lengthens the odds,” he said.
The hearing saw some lively moments. Sen. John Kennedy, a Republican from Louisiana, compared education to mayonnaise. Kennedy said he can choose from six different types of it in a grocery store, but parents are not afforded the same kind of choice when it comes to schools.
Sen. Chris Murphy, a Democrat from Connecticut, fired back.
“With all the due respect for my colleague from Louisiana, education is not mayonnaise,” Murphy said. “Frankly, the day that we start treating the education of our children like we do the marketing of condiments, we give up on our kids.”
Facebook Share
Pinterest
Email
My radar went off when Shayne Gryn told me his entire staff had called in sick. Strange though it sounded, I took him at his word.
It was Labor Day weekend 2016. I was leading a group of 16 Forward fans on a tour of Jewish Montreal and Toronto. As one of our dinner stops, I'd chosen Deli Sokolow, Gryn's nouveau deli in the hot St-Henri neighborhood. Gryn's latke poutine, a Semitic spin on a Quebec favorite, had made headlines. But when we arrived, Gryn stood alone in his restaurant — no waitstaff, no cooks, no nothing.
With my haphazard help in the kitchen, he Gryn was able to crank out my group's orders — not the best setup, but at least we didn't leave hungry.
Related
Fast-forward to January 2017. After filing for bankruptcy, Deli Sokolow closed its doors this month. And former employees are furious. According to them, Gryn stiffed them for thousands of dollars. To shame him into paying — that's the hope, anyway — they've set up a Facebook page with the agitprop name Committee for the Reclamation of Stolen Wages.
“The restaurant just closed its doors — that was it,” a former employee told me by phone last week. (She asked to remain anonymous.) “The power was cut off. It does appear they'd been planning to close, though. When I asked about vacation pay I was owed, the response was, ‘Well, the government can deal with it. We'll direct you to some program.'” The ex-worker said she's owed “hundreds” of dollars, while some of her former colleagues have much more outstanding from Gryn.
“The more an employee was friends with him, the less he was on top of things, the more he expected he could play it by ear,” she said. “We had a pretty friendly dynamic and that's why it's so uncomfortable.”
Gryn didn't respond to multiple requests for comment from the Forward. But he did post a long message on the Committee's Facebook page.
“I'm sorry for the grief and stress this has caused. This is a very difficult time for everyone involved,” he wrote. “The process of filing for Bankruptcy can be long. The former staff will, at a future date, be invited to a meeting with a Bankruptcy Trustee, who will facilitate enrolling them in the federal Wage Earner Protection Program, which will cover all outstanding pay and indemnities.”
In a harshly worded response, the Committee mocked Gryn's apologies. “No new information is given in your response and once again, you place your travails in the centre of this conversation,” the group wrote.
For now, the ex-employee said she still holds out hope that she and other former workers will see some kind of compensation. “The WEPP [Quebec's Wage Earner Protection Program] doesn't guarantee a bunch of us getting paid at all, and we feel we have a better shot working collectively than navigating the situation individually,” she told me.
And for me, questions linger. Was Gryn being honest that night? Or did he claim his staff couldn't work so he could pocket all the proceeds?
Gryn declined to comment, but I think I know what his former employees would say.
Related
Michael Kaminer is a contributing editor at the Forward. Contact him at kaminer@forward.com.
This story "Deli Closes Doors, Stiffing Staff" was written by Michael Kaminer.
Eligibility
Canadian filmmakers, producers and distributors are invited to submit their original work to the 2014 Yorkton Film Festival competition for the Golden Sheaf Awards. Canadian productions 60 minutes and under will be accepted. A Canadian production is defined as any production which would qualify as a certified production under current regulations applied by CAVCO. International co-productions are eligible only if the director is Canadian.
A single production cannot compete in multiple categories. It is eligible to be entered in one main category only.
Exception: If your production is part of an anthology documentary series and you are entering the series in the Documentary Series category (see definition of “Documentary Series” in Entry Categories) then single, stand-alone episodes of the series may also be entered in one or more of the other main documentary categories. A separate entry form and fee are required for each entry.
The final decision regarding interpretation of the rules and regulations including the eligibility of any production for admission into the competition will be the responsibility of the festival.
American author Robert Greene has shared with us an excerpt about the work of Santiago Calatrava from his newly released book Mastery.
We live in the world of a sad separation that began some five hundred years ago when art and science split apart. Scientists and technicians live in their own world, focusing mostly on the “how” of things. Others live in the world of appearances, using these things but not really understanding how they function. Just before this split occurred, it was the ideal of the Renaissance to combine these two forms of knowledge. This is why the work of Leonardo da Vinci continues to fascinate us, and why the Renaissance remains an ideal.
So why did Santiago Calatrava, now one of the world's elite architects, decide to return to school in 1975 for a civil engineering degree after asserting himself as a promising young architect?
Continue reading for the complete article.
Save this picture! The Puente de la Mujer in Buenos Aires
At a very early age, Santiago Calatrava developed a love for drawing. He carried his pencils wherever he went. A certain paradox in drawing began to obsess him. In Valencia, Spain, where he grew up, the harsh Mediterranean sunlight would place in sharp relief the things he liked to draw- rocks, trees, buildings, people. Their outlines would slowly soften as the day progressed. Nothing he drew was ever really static; everything is in a state of change and motion- that is the essence of life. How could he capture this movement on paper, in an image that was perfectly still?
He took classes and learned techniques for creating the various illusions of something caught in the moment of movement, but it was never quite enough. As part of this impossible quest he taught himself aspects of mathematics, such as descriptive geometry, that could help him understand how to represent his objects in two dimensions. His skill improved and his interest in the subject deepened. It seemed he was destined for a career as an artist, and so in 1969 he enrolled in art school in Valencia.
A few months into his studies, he had a seemingly minor experience that would change the course of his life: browsing for supplies in a stationery store, his eye was drawn to a beautifully designed booklet describing the work of the great architect Le Corbusier. Somehow this architect had managed to create completely distinctive shapes. He turned even something as simple as a stairway into a dynamic piece of sculpture. The buildings he designed seemed to defy gravity, creating a feeling of movement in their still forms. Studying this booklet, Calatrava now developed a new obsession- to learn the secret of how such buildings came about. As soon as he could, he transferred to the one architecture school in Valencia.
Graduating from the school in 1973, Calatrava had gained a solid education in the subject. He had learned all of the most important design rules and principles. He was more than capable of taking his place in some architecture firm and working his way up. But he felt something elemental was missing in his knowledge. In looking at all of the great works of architecture that he most admired—the Pantheon in Rome, the buildings of Gaudí in Barcelona, the bridges designed by Robert Maillart in Switzerland- he had no solid idea about their actual construction. He knew more than enough about their form, their aesthetics, and how they functioned as public buildings, but he knew nothing about how they stood up, how the pieces fit together, how the buildings of Le Corbusier managed to create that impression of movement and dynamism.
It was like knowing how to draw a beautiful bird but not understanding how it could fly. As with drawing, he wanted to go beyond the surface, the design element, and touch upon the reality. He felt that the world was changing; something was in the air. With advances in technology and new materials, revolutionary possibilities had emerged for a new kind of architecture, but to truly exploit that he would have to learn something about engineering. Thinking in this direction, Calatrava made a fateful decision- he would virtually start over and enroll at the Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich, Switzerland, to gain a degree in civil engineering. It would be an arduous process, but he would train himself to think and draw like an engineer. Knowing how buildings were constructed would liberate him and give him ideas about how to slowly expand the boundaries of what could be made.
In the first few years he grounded himself in the rigors of engineering- all of the mathematics and physics required for the field. But as he progressed, he found himself returning to that paradox that he had been obsessed with in childhood- how to express movement and change. In architecture, the golden rule was that buildings had to be stable and stationary. Calatrava felt the desire to break up this rigid convention. For his PhD dissertation, he decided to explore the possibilities of bringing actual movement into architecture. Inspired by NASA and its designs for space travel, as well as the folding bird wings designed by Leonardo da Vinci, Calatrava chose as his topic the foldability of structures- how through advanced engineering structures could move and transform themselves.
Completing his dissertation in 1981, he finally entered the work world- after fourteen years of a university apprenticeship in art, architecture, and engineering. In the coming years he would experiment in designing new kinds of collapsible doors, windows, and roofs that would move and open up in new ways, altering the shape of the building. He designed a drawbridge in Buenos Aires that moved outward instead of up. In 1996 he took all of this a step further with his design and construction of an extension to the Milwaukee Art Museum. It consisted of a long glass-and-steel reception hall with an eighty-foot ceiling, all shaded by an enormous moveable sunscreen on the roof. The screen had two ribbed panels that opened and closed like the wings of a giant seagull, putting the entire edifice into motion, and giving the sense of a building that could take flight.
We humans live in two worlds. First, there is the outer world of appearances- all of the forms of things that captivate our eye. But hidden from our view is another world- how these things actually function, their anatomy or composition, the parts working together and forming the whole. This second world is not so immediately captivating. It is harder to understand. It is not something visible to the eye, but only to the mind that glimpses the reality. But this “how” of things is just as poetic once we understand it- it contains the secret of life, of how things move and change.
This division between the “how” and the “what” can be applied to almost everything around us- we see the machine, not how it works; we see a group of people producing something as a business, not how the group is structured or how the products are manufactured and distributed. (In a similar fashion, we tend to be mesmerized by people's appearances, not the psychology behind what they do or say.) As Calatrava discovered, in overcoming this division, in combining the “how” and the “what” of architecture, he gained a much deeper, or rather more rounded knowledge of the field. He grasped a larger portion of the reality that goes into making buildings. This allowed him to create something infinitely more poetic, to stretch the boundaries, to break the conventions of architecture itself.
As Calatrava intuited, this should be a part of our apprenticeship. We must make ourselves study as deeply as possible the technology we use, the functioning of the group we work in, the economics of our field, its lifeblood. We must constantly ask the questions- how do things work, how do decisions get made, how does the group interact? Rounding our knowledge in this way will give us a deeper feel for reality and the heightened power to alter it.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p>I'm told WR Austin Collie - whose concussion history seems an issue _ is working out today for the Titans.</p>— Ed Werder (@Edwerderespn) <a href="https://twitter.com/Edwerderespn/statuses/385086975696707584">October 1, 2013</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
Austin Collie had some pretty good years in Indianapolis with Peyton Manning. He had more than 50 catches per year from 2009-2011. Then he started getting concussions. His concussion issues are the reason that he is not on a roster right now because the talent is there.
My guess is that the Collie workout is just one of those kicking the tires type deals. He is not better than the top four or five receivers on this team right now- especially when you consider that he is not familiar with the system.
More from Music City Miracles:
The Sennheiser Group ended fiscal year 2015 on a successful note and once again reported a considerable increase in turnover.
“Having achieved record turnover once more, we continue to drive the growth trend seen over the past few years,” commented Daniel Sennheiser, co-CEO of Sennheiser GmbH & Co. KG. “It demonstrates that our strategy of long-term and sustainable growth is successful in all regions.” Dr. Andreas Sennheiser, co-CEO of Sennheiser GmbH & Co. KG, added: “This is precisely what makes us strong as a family-run business: we do not have to focus on attaining short-term financial goals, but can consistently concentrate on perfecting the customer's experience – with the clear vision to shape the future of audio.”
The Americas and APAC drive growth
All three of the Sennheiser Group's business regions showed successful turnover figures. For Andreas Sennheiser, this is the direct result of a well-balanced strategy: “We tapped into new regions and markets, such as Korea and Latin America, while still retaining our focus on existing, large markets.” Growth was particularly robust in the Americas region (North, Central and South America), where the group generated turnover of €179.8 million, which represents a €26.8 million, or 17.5 percent, increase on the previous year.
With turnover growth of €14.6 million, an increase of 11 percent compared to fiscal year 2014, the APAC region (Asia and Australia) saw a marked improvement as well. Overall, the Sennheiser Group reported turnover of €147.2 million in this region.
EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) remains Sennheiser's strongest region economically, with a total revenue of €355.2 million and modest growth of 1.7 percent. Germany once again saw double digit revenue growth. “We are particularly pleased that we were once again able to significantly expand our already strong position in our domestic market,” Daniel Sennheiser stated.
The company generated 84.5 percent of its revenue outside Germany in fiscal year 2015. The Sennheiser Group currently has 19 sales subsidiaries and long-standing trading partners in more than 50 countries around the world, and will continue to pursue its strategic goal of expanding its global business in the future.
Strong increase in turnover in both business divisions
Both the Consumer Electronics Division and Professional Systems Division registered growth in 2015: Turnover improved by 10.9 percent to €347 million in the Professional Systems Division and the Consumer Electronics Division registered a 4.1 percent increase to €335.2 million.
The fiscal year was marked by a series of new product developments and launches. With the launch of the evolution wireless D1 for live music and AVX for video journalists, the Professional Systems Division added new digital systems to its wireless microphone portfolio in the first half of 2015. The Consumer Electronics Division introduced the second generation of the successful MOMENTUM headphone family – including a wireless version – and the digital RS line wireless headphone system for audio and video home entertainment.
Employee figures up worldwide
The Sennheiser Group employed around 2,750 people worldwide at the end of 2015. Throughout the year, the group had an average of 2,704 employees – a 4 percent increase on the previous year. An average of 51 percent of all employees worked in Germany and 49 percent abroad. The number of trainees worldwide totaled 76, marking the same level as in the previous year.
Investments in the future
Investments in research and development increased by 8.5 percent to €46.9 million in fiscal year 2015. This corresponds to 6.9 percent of the Sennheiser Group's total turnover. As in the previous year, the number of employees in research and development continued to rise, up 4.7 percent year on year to 354 employees in 2015. In addition, Sennheiser bolstered its strength in innovation by investing in the company's headquarters in Wedemark. The Innovation Campus, officially opened in 2015, is the most state-of-the-art innovation center in the audio industry.
“Our investments in research and development show clearly that at Sennheiser, we refuse to wait around to see what the future will bring. We're shaping it ourselves instead,” says Andreas Sennheiser. “This innovative power is evident in our new high-end headphone HE 1, launched in November 2015. With its unique features such as maximum reproduction precision, exceptional spatiality and a frequency range that far exceeds human hearing, it is the best headphone in the world. As the leading audio specialist, it is our responsibility to develop solutions that are made for the future together with our customers. We have all of the necessary skills and expertise to do just that,” adds Daniel Sennheiser.
Outlook 2016: “Shape the Future of Audio”
Sennheiser will pursue its goal of actively shaping the world of audio as a pioneering company in the future. This aim is reflected in the company's vision “Shape the Future of Audio”. “Any company aiming to take a lead has to have a clear vision and be able to embark on new paths together with its customers,” Daniel Sennheiser explains. “This ethos is at the heart of our vision.”
Andreas Sennheiser adds: “The audio sector is on the verge of experiencing a renaissance. For customers, new formats and new ways of producing and consuming music continue to emerge – technologies that we have been researching for many years already.”
A key element of the research activities at Sennheiser is the further development of AMBEO. The innovative 3D immersive audio technology program offers a unique spatial sound experience. “We are currently developing products in four core areas: recording, mixing, processing and reproduction. Our virtual-reality microphone will be the first official AMBEO product. As soon as it is ready for mass production this year, it will have a considerable impact on the future of virtual-reality content,” says Daniel Sennheiser.
The Sennheiser Group also anticipates a successful year in 2016. “We got off to a good start to the year and have already presented our customers with some exciting new launches,” said Andreas Sennheiser. “We will continue on this path during the course of the year and fulfil our commitment to shape the future of the audio industry.”
Why is it that you have to pay to use the email re-routing services? I need to integrate my old accounts so I continue to get email and download to my computer so I don't have to tediously log on and check EVERY. SINGLE. EMAIL.
Even IMAP only would be a godsend because AT LEAST I could download to my computer and only login to send messages as necessary.
You say that these restrictions are so you'll upgrade to a paid account to pay for the free accounts (etc, etc, etc) but are they really? I find it strains the imagination that GOOGLE will allow you to download your emails and send them FOR FREE and of course they use ads and crawling software to pay for it. Heck, MOST email providers will. Until I met protonmail I hadn't encountered an email service that prevented IMAP to free accounts since the early 2000s. Yet the almighty protonmail can't even allow you to download your messages to your computer without paying a nominal fee? Outrageous.
Then people wonder why gmail and the like are still popular....
Don't bother sending me an email to address provided by the way, it's from a shitty service that doesn't allow IMAP to free accounts.
TUKWILA, WA– Seattle Reign FC (17-3-6) suffered its third and final loss of the year on Sunday, August 31, falling 2-1 to FC Kansas City (14-7-5) in the NWSL Championship Match at the Starfire Sports Complex in Tukwila, Wash.
Seattle finishes the 2014 campaign as the league runner-up, as well as the NWSL shield winners after posting a league-record 54 points during the regular season.
Reign React: Seattle knows it missed a chance at completing a great season
Despite pressuring the Kansas City defense and backline throughout the match, Seattle was unable to come back from its first 2-0 deficit of the season.
FC Kansas City got on the board first in the 22nd minute, when forward Lauren Holiday found forward Amy Rodriguez with a wide diagonal run into the box, with the latter lifting a shot over goalkeeper Hope Solo for the 1-0 lead.
In the 56th minute, FC Kansas City padded their lead with another connection between Holliday and Rodriguez, when Holiday pushed through a line of three Seattle defenders before finding Rodriguez at the top of the box, with the league's second ranking goal scorer in the regular season burying a shot past Solo.
Seattle got one back in the 87th minute, when a header from midfielder Mariah Nogueira knocked off the post, and the ensuing scramble allowed forward Megan Rapinoe to blast a shot past goalkeeper Nicole Barnhart.
Despite several chances late, including a shot wide of goal by Rapinoe in stoppage time, Reign FC was unable to notch the equalizer.
Seattle finishes the season series with FC Kansas City with a record of 1-1-2.
Seattle Reign FC vs. FC Kansas City August 31, 2014 — Starfire Sports Complex (Tukwila, Wash.)
Scoring Summary
KC– Amy Rodriguez, 22' (Holiday)
KC– Rodriguez, 56' (Holiday)
SEA – Megan Rapinoe, 87'
Misconduct Summary
KC – LePeilbet (Caution) — 79'
SEA – Solo (Caution) — 90'+
Lineups & Stats
SEA: GK Hope Solo, D Stephanie Cox, D Lauren Barnes, D Elli Reed (Mariah Nogueira, 83'), D Kendall Fletcher, M Keelin Winters, M Jessica Fishlock, M Kim Little, F Nahomi “Naho” Kawasumi, F Sydney Leroux (Beverly Goebel, 67'), F Megan Rapinoe
KC: GK Nicole Barnhart, D Kassey Kallman, D Nikki Phillips, D Leigh Ann Robinson, D Becky Sauerbrunn, M Jen Buczkowski, M Jenna Richmond, M Lauren Holiday, M Merritt Mathias (Amy LePeilbet, 71'), M Erika Tymrak (Elizabeth Bogus, 76'), F Amy Rodriguez (Sarah Hagen, 64')
Referee: Margaret Domka
Assistant Referees: Marlene Duff; Danielle Chesky
Fourth Official: Katia Koroleva
Attendance: 4,252
goalWA.net Local Soccer News is sponsored by Pro Roofing Northwest, Kirkland, Bellevue, Seattle, Redmond, Woodinville, Federal Way, Everett, Snohomish, Issaquah, Renton, Kent, Bothell, Edmonds Washington roofing company.
Advertisements
The Pittsburgh Steelers bolstered their offensive line depth in the 2016 NFL Draft with the addition of tackle Jerald Hawkins in the fourth round. While he is expected to apprentice as the team's fourth tackle as a rookie, likely inactive on game day, they see a future in him as a swing tackle, and possibly even a starter down the road.
Though he suffered a shoulder injury in practice last week, that didn't prevent him from playing extensively in the Steelers' preseason debut, running the gauntlet from the second quarter on and finishing the game, though Mike Tomlin told reporters after practice yesterday that he injured his shoulder in the game and that it could be of some significance.
That means that Hawkins might miss some time, and how much time that might be is yet to be determined, which is especially unfortunate, because he had a strong debut against the Lions, working at both left and right tackle during the game in 45 snaps.
One play that stood out came during the Steelers' lone offensive touchdown drive midway through the second quarter. Six plays into the seven-play drive, Hawkins demonstrated the ability to get to the second level in the running game, contacting the linebacker in order to help open a lane for an eight-yard gain.
The Steelers scored on the next play with ad 29-yard hit to Darrius Heyward-Bey at the back of the end zone, and Hawkins and the line gave all the protection that was needed. Later, during the two-minute drill before halftime, as the team looked to convert on a third-and-10, Hawkins showed quick feet sliding down to pick up the edge rusher from a wide nine to allow his quarterback to complete a crossing route for first-down yardage, though a fumble and change of possession ensued afterward.
Early in the fourth quarter, however, he had a hiccup in the running game, letting the defensive end slip past him to the outside to force the back to cut back upfield.
Midway through the final quarter, the Steelers were playing from behind and the line was working against pass rushers knowing that every snap would be a pass. Hawkins held his own, as on the play shown below, demonstrating a bit of strength.
Though he technically later gave up a sack, the sack was a product of the rusher being able to see what the quarterback was doing, while he could not. Pressure elsewhere forced the quarterback to flush up in the pocket, and with the rusher disengaged, he was able to easily pick up the sack.
Overall, it was an encouraging performance that hinted toward a player capable of developing a full skill set as a lineman. Hopefully the shoulder injury will not be a significant road block in his development as a rookie.
FILE - In this Feb. 4, 2016, file photo, employees enter and exit the headquarters of Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., also known as Foxconn, in New Taipei City, Taiwan. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker says President Donald Trump plans to make a "major jobs announcement for Wisconsin" as anticipation builds it will be about electronics giant Foxconn locating in the state. Taiwan-based Foxconn is best known as the assembler of the iPhone. Wisconsin is among seven states, mostly in the Midwest, that the company has named as possible locations to build the its first liquid-crystal display factory that could mean tens of thousands of jobs. (AP Photo/Wally Santana, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump said Wednesday that electronics giant Foxconn will build a $10 billion factory in Wisconsin that's expected to initially create 3,000 jobs, the largest economic development project in state history.
The announcement comes at a critical juncture for a Trump administration that pledged to generate manufacturing jobs but has struggled to deliver results as quickly as the president promised. Trump's plans for health care and tax cuts face a murky future in Congress, while his administration is bogged down by an investigation into Russia's possible ties with his presidential campaign.
In a White House speech, Trump said the financial commitment by Foxconn CEO Terry Gou was a direct result of his electoral win.
“If I didn't get elected, he definitely would not be spending $10 billion,” Trump said. “We are going to have some very, very magnificent decades.”
But the decision to build the plant in Wisconsin also stemmed from $3 billion in state economic incentives over 15 years if Foxconn invests $10 billion in the state and ultimately adds 13,000 jobs. The incentives would only be awarded if Foxconn creates the jobs and pays an average salary of nearly $54,000.
The Wisconsin factory, scheduled to be open by 2020, would be massive. The campus dubbed “Wisconn Valley,” would cover nearly 1.6 square miles and be three times the size of the Pentagon.
Foxconn's plant will produce liquid-crystal display panels, or LCDs, that are used in televisions and computer screens. The factory will be located in the congressional district of House Speaker Paul Ryan. It would mark a substantial gain for a state that currently has 472,000 manufacturing jobs and is still recovering from factory layoffs — including the closure of a General Motors plant in Ryan's hometown — that hit after the 2008 financial crisis.
Taiwan-based Foxconn is perhaps best known for assembling Apple iPhones in China. The company noted in a statement that having the Wisconsin factory would help it better serve the major U.S. technology companies that are its clients.
Inside the White House, discussions with Foxconn about opening a U.S. plant were led over several months by Jared Kushner, a senior adviser and the president's son-in-law, and Reed Cordish, an assistant to the president on technology initiatives. The president had met personally with Gou, who on Wednesday complimented Trump's leadership at the event by saying, “Mr. President, the eagle flies.”
Seven states had competed for the Foxconn plant. By awarding the plant to Wisconsin, Foxconn would appear to be giving a victory to both Trump and the state's Republican governor, Scott Walker, who is up for re-election next year.
Other states that vied for the plant are Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Texas. Foxconn said in a release the announcement was just the first of several investments the company will be making in the U.S.
Walker and several other Wisconsin officials, including Ryan, attended the White House announcement.
Landing the multistate competition has been cast as a once-in-a-generation opportunity. Foxconn is the biggest contract assembler of smartphones and other devices for Apple and other brands. It has been eyeing building the plant in a part of Wisconsin represented by Ryan, who said he has met with company officials at Walker's request.
Critics have cautioned that Foxconn has made promises before to invest in the U.S. and not followed through. Foxconn promised in 2013, for example, to invest $30 million and hire 500 workers for a new, high-tech factory in Pennsylvania that was never built. State Sen. Alberta Darling, co-chair of the Wisconsin Legislature's budget committee, said any deal would be examined with a “fine-toothed comb” and need to win approval by the Republican-controlled Legislature.
Walker said he planned to call a special legislative session to consider the incentives. They include up to $1.5 billion in income tax credits for job creation, $1.35 billion in income tax credits for capital investment and up to $150 million in a sales tax exemption for the purchase of construction materials.
White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, who is from Ryan's congressional district in southeast Wisconsin, told WTMJ-TV on Tuesday that Trump, when flying over the area in Kenosha County during a visit to Wisconsin in April, noticed vacant land where a former Chrysler Motors plant used to be.
“He said, ‘That land should be used,'” Priebus said. “So when Foxconn came into the White House, into the Oval Office, the president said, ‘I know a good spot that you should go to, that place in Kenosha.'”
That part of the state is an attractive location for a large plant because of the area's proximity to Lake Michigan and its abundant water supply. To make flat-panel displays, the company will need access to great quantities of water to keep work spaces dust-free, among other things.
The news sent a jolt of excitement across Wisconsin, even among longtime Democratic critics of Walker.
“It's an exciting opportunity,” said Democratic state Assembly Minority Leader Peter Barça.
Barça, like many Democrats, voiced concern about how much taxpayers may have to contribute in tax breaks and other incentives.
“We want to make sure it's a fair deal for everybody,” he said. “We want a win-win-win.”
___
Bauer reported from Madison, Wisconsin.
Follow Scott Bauer on Twitter at https://twitter.com/sbauerAP
PETALING JAYA: Visitors to the secluded town of Merapoh in Pahang, once reputed for being surrounded by verdant rainforests and unspoilt traditional villages, would be in for shock if they travelled there today.
The pollution-free paradise has been largely destroyed by rampant and uninhibited logging and mining.
A visit by FMT recently found residents reeling from massive commercial exploitation of the surrounding natural resources.
The activities have dented their eco-tourism businesses which formed major sources of income in at least eight nearby villages inhabited by some 100,000 people.
“There is no more greenery here. Everything has been plundered by the greedy loggers,” said villager Sabri Zoo, 36.
“The worst impact of the timber activities in Merapoh has been the water from the stream that we drink. It has become dirty.
“When it rains we are forced to use murky and muddy water because we don't have any other choice,” he said.
Located near Taman Negara, the tropical rainforests between Merapoh and Gua Musang in Kelantan are estimated to be millions of years old and home to hundreds of species, including the rare Rafflesia plant.
The area is also blessed with limestone caves, waterfalls and scenic views of the mountains.
Many of the hills contain animal fossils from as far back as the Permian–Triassic extinction event of 251 million year ago.
It is understood that much of the logging activities cover close to 669 ha around Gua Hari Malaysia, with a total of 200 ha of rainforest already having been cleared.
“Many tourists have cancelled their trips here. They hope to see green jungles but what they find here now are muddy patches and bald hills,” Sabri said.
He said each tour group of eight to 12 people used to pay RM150 for a day trip to visit the natural attractions in the area.
“Today it is hard to even earn RM50 a day. We do not know what else to do to for our income, except to tap rubber trees,” he said.
The crisis has drawn the attention of environmental groups like Pertubuhan Pelindung Khazanah Alam Malaysia (Peka), Sahabat Alam Malaysia (SAM) and the Save Merapoh Cave Foundation.
Peka president Shariffa Sabrina Syed Akil said an investigation showed that logging operators had not submitted any environmental impact assessment to the department of environment (DoE).
“The logging and gold mining operations have devastated the ecosystem of Merapoh,” she told FMT.
“They have caused enormous damage to the water supply for the residents of the Batu Yon sub-district and people of Merapoh,” she said.
She said the water in the river had become so unclean, exceeding 1,000 NTU (nephelometric turbidity units), that it had become untreatable at the main water filtration facility there.
Shariffa added that the loss of trees had removed the natural buffer that protected Sungai Merapoh, causing it to become polluted.
She said she was worried the area might be hit by a severe flood like the one in Hulu Kelantan in late 2014, an area which had also seen extensive logging. The floods there had caused damage to more than 2,000 houses with total losses estimated at over RM200 million.
http://www.freemalaysiatoday.com/category/nation/2017/07/21/macc-to-focus-on-logging-bauxite-mining-in-pahang/
http://www.freemalaysiatoday.com/category/nation/2017/05/10/uncontrolled-logging-causing-mud-floods-says-gua-musang-rep/
Mr Davis said Labour wanted to appear tougher than the Tories Ex-shadow home secretary David Davis has said he feels "vindicated" in quitting as an MP to oppose plans to hold terror suspects for longer. Peers have rejected the government's call to extend the pre-charge detention limit from 28 to 42 days. Mr Davis, who returned as an MP after a by-election on the issue of civil liberties, said he was "happy to burn out a career for a success like that". But the government said the 42 days plan could be re-introduced in future. Peers rejected the proposal - passed by the Commons in June - by a majority of 191 votes on Monday and the government then announced they would not try to force the measure through. Emergency bill The Conservatives and Liberal Democrats both oppose the measure, which was also voted against on Monday by many Labour peers, including former cabinet ministers Lord Irvine, Lord Falconer and Lord Goldsmith. Mr Davis, a Conservative who has long been one of the most outspoken critics of the plan, stood down as Haltemprice and Howden MP in June. FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.
More from Today programme He was returned with a 15,355 majority in July, after Labour and the Liberal Democrats declined to field by-election candidates. Mr Davis told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the government's 42 days plan had "been all about politics, not about security. It has been about trying to give the Labour Party a 'tougher-than-Tory' model in the public mind. "It has failed miserably and I don't think anybody sensible would revisit it." He said: "I feel vindicated, because before I resigned it looked like it would go through in a ping-pong." Parliamentary "ping-pong" is where a bill goes back and forth between the Lords and Commons until one house gives way to the other or the Commons forces the measure through via the Parliament Act. One-page bill But following the Lords defeat the 42 days proposal will be removed from the government's main Counter-Terrorism Bill. Instead, Home Secretary Jacqui Smith has written the plan into a separate one-page bill which could be pushed through Parliament quickly in the case of a national emergency. She told Today she hoped the government could still "count on people's support" if such a measure had to be introduced. She told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "My priority is we need to find a way through this, even if other political parties won't engage with it." Ms Smith said: "The thing about opposition is you don't have to cover off those risks but government, quite rightly, does and that's why I brought forward the proposals I did." However, former Labour attorney general Lord Goldsmith said the detentions of up to 42 days were "not only unnecessary but also dangerous". 'Abandoning plans' The home secretary's alternative legislation would also not work unless there was an extremely different scenario facing the UK, he added. For the Conservatives, shadow home secretary Dominic Grieve said the prime minister's spin doctors had stopped Ms Smith from "saying in straightforward terms that she is abandoning 42 days". He said his party was "perfectly prepared to be firm on terrorism" and pass difficult bills. "But they have to be credible, they have to be based on evidence and they must not be put forward in a way that smacks of mere political posturing and gimmicks." Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg added: "The decision to prepare emergency legislation instead is merely a fig leaf which does little to disguise their defeat." He added: "The push for 42 days' detention was more about ministers posturing and looking tough than it ever was about fighting terrorism." MPs passed the proposal by a majority of just nine votes in June, with 36 Labour backbenchers rebelling. Plans to extend the pre-charge terror detention limit to 90 days were rejected by MPs in 2006.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
With the passing of the years, Andrés Iniesta's importance to the world of football has seen him join the ranks of Europe's all-time greats. Quietly letting his football do the talking out on the pitch, he has become one of Barcelona and Spain's greatest ever players. The midfielder, who has already won just about everything there is to win, now has a chance to further write his name into club folklore, this time in Tbilisi, but for that Barça have to get past Sevilla.
The Spain international is on the verge of equalling another of the club's living legends, Xavi Hernández, in terms of team honours. The former Barça star has won more trophies than any other Spanish player in the history of the game. He has picked up 28 club and international team honours throughout his playing career: One World Cup, two European Championships, two FIFA Club World Cups, four Champions Leagues, two European Super Cups, eight La Liga titles, three Spanish Cup winners medals and six Spanish Super Cups. Iniesta has one less - a league title that Xavi won before Andrés made his first-team debut -, but he will catch him up if Barça lift the title at the Dinamo Arena.
For months now, thousands of Native Americans (and allies) from across the continent have gathered in solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux to block the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline, a $3.7 billion piece of infrastructure intended to carry crude oil from North Dakota to Illinois, which threatens to poison the tribe's water supply and destroy its sacred burial sites. It's an old tale filled with familiar tropes: injustice, state-sanctioned brutality, plunder. In many ways it's a tale that's emblematic of America itself.
Over Thanksgiving weekend, GQ photographer Driely S. drove down to Standing Rock to spend time with the men and women on the front lines of the protest. "I was there for three days," she said. "Most of the photos are Thanksgiving day. I spent most of the other days trying to build relationship for the portraits. Those only happened on the last day. And even for those, I wish I had spent more time. It takes a lot of listening and engaging before you even feel like you can ask, and anytime I would do I would still feel like shit. I didn't want to come across like I was coming to steal their image and write my own story. I really wanted them to use me to send their message."
FBI Head Under Fire For Clinton Email Scrutiny Days Before Election
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP
FBI Director James Comey is facing criticism for turning the agency's attention to newly discovered emails that could be linked to Hillary Clinton, again focusing on the former secretary of state just days before Election Day.
Former prosecutors and former Department of Justice officials are questioning what Comey hopes to accomplish by announcing the investigation so close to the election.
Comey notified members of Congress that the FBI was again looking into Clinton's use of a private email server. As NPR reported Friday, Comey's decision followed the discovery of emails that "came to light in the course of an unrelated criminal investigation of Anthony Weiner," who is being scrutinized for sexting an underage girl. But, as the the Associated Press reported, it's "unclear what the emails contained, who sent them, or what connection they might have to the yearlong investigation the FBI closed in July without recommending criminal charges."
Clinton's campaign chairman John Podesta slammed the decision in a statement: "It is extraordinary that we would see something like this just 11 days out from a presidential election. The Director owes it to the American people to immediately provide the full details of what he is now examining. We are confident this will not produce any conclusions different from the one the FBI reached in July."
This lack of information about the newly discovered emails, as well as the timing of Comey's announcement, has drawn scrutiny from former officials. One former senior DOJ official, who requested anonymity because he has pending matters at the department, told NPR that Comey's first mistake came in July, when he held a press conference to announce the findings of the FBI's investigation into Clinton's email use.
"You don't hold press conferences to announce that someone should not be charged with a crime and then proceed to dump all over that person and to publicly discuss the evidence against them," he said. "That's kind of one of the 10 commandments for being a federal law enforcement officer. And another commandment would be — you don't publicly announce that you're conducting a criminal investigation against someone. And you especially don't do it if that person is a candidate, 11 days before an election. That's true whether it's a presidential election or an election for dog catcher."
And a former prosecutor spoke to Politico:
"I got a lot of respect for Jim Comey, but I don't understand this idea of dropping this bombshell which could be a big dud," said former federal prosector Peter Zeidenberg, a veteran of politically sensitive investigations. "Doing it in the last week or 10 days of a presidential election without more information, I don't think that he should because how does it inform a voter? It just invites speculation ... I would question the timing of it. It's not going to get done in a week."
But others argue that Comey announcement was necessary for transparency's sake. Former DOJ official Carrie Cordero tweeted:
Cordero's tweet references the June "tarmac" meeting of Bill Clinton and Attorney General Loretta Lynch. The two spoke on a plane while the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails was still ongoing, creating "the appearance of impropriety," as NPR's Carrie Johnson reported at the time.
Comey explained his decision to restart the investigation, writing in a memo to FBI employees, which was obtained by the Post, "Of course, we don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record."
Update: 1:35 p.m. ET, Oct. 29
Two law enforcement sources told Carrie that the Justice Department reminded the FBI earlier this week about the department's guidelines against speaking about ongoing criminal cases and not moving to take steps that could influence an election. The FBI director was advised of the attorney general's position and he acted against that caution and independently by sending a letter to Congress, one source added. The two officials did not speak on the phone or meet in person though, the source said.
The Justice Department has no plans in the foreseeable future to talk about the issue or hold a news conference, the two sources said.
This story is huge. America's prestigious National Academy of Sciences (NAS) and related government bodies found no greenhouse effect in Earth's atmosphere. Evidence shows the U.S. government held the smoking gun all along – a fresh examination of an overlooked science report proves America's brightest and best had shown the White House that the greenhouse gas effect was not real and of no scientific significance since 1979 or earlier.*
Unwittingly, the U.S. National Academy of Sciences (NAS), the National Academy of Engineering, the Institute of Medicine, and the National Research Council have all dealt climate alarm it's biggest ever blow. Their killer evidence had been hidden in plain sight for 33 years until uncovered by a team of maverick climate researchers.
All those global warming skeptic Christmas wishes have come at once wrapped in the NAS document, ‘Carbon Dioxide and Climate: A Scientific Assessment,‘ a joint publication from 1979 commissioned on behalf of the U.S. government. This amazing story ties in perfectly with all the big climate news chatter this past week about the revelations from the leaked draft report (AR5) of the UN's International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
The leaked IPCC draft admits it has had to ratchet down yet again the climate sensitivity it expects to find from carbon dioxide (CO2). No wonder the IPCC is today having to retreat over CO2 sensitivity – the trace gas can't be any factor in our climate if there is no greenhouse gas effect to begin with!
Readers can browse for themselves online the 13,000-word 33-year-old U.S. government report that details the role of carbon dioxide and how it might impact climate. You will see that while CO2 is mentioned no less than 112 times, as you'd expect, nowhere in those 13,000 words will you find ANY mention of the greenhouse gas effect/theory. Scientists at PSI who have carefully studied the document assert this to be the most compelling physical evidence ever found proving the GHE as nothing more than a modern (post-1979) political construct – a veritable sky dragon now well and truly slain. After studying the report PSI expert Hans Schreuder adroitly characterizes the tone of it's authors: “the main theme that jumps out at me is “we don't know enough.””
The NAS study was commissioned by the U.S. government to address the best science of the day on the role of carbon dioxide in atmospheric physics and is the perfect seasonal accompaniment to the leaked IPCC admission that climate sensitivity to carbon dioxide (CO2) is once again lower than all the experts predicted – now we know why!
Because of it's total omission from this key report, any rational human being will be forced to infer that America's brightest and best in climate science knew as far back as 1979 there was no greenhouse gas effect for CO2 to impact. The report was the distillation of the best climate science from that era. It examined all aspects of how CO2 might alter the temperature of the atmosphere. Popular Canadian skeptic climatologist, Dr. Tim Ball and climate researcher, Derek Alker, both of Principia Scientific International (PSI) recognized the significance of the NAS publication straight away. Acting on their suggestion this author obtained a download copy from the NAS website and ran it through a full word search to confirm the numbers. Readers can check for themselves. There is ZERO mention of any greenhouse gas effect as a factor on our climate.
Now let's be clear on this. No governmental scientific body entrusted to present the best available evidence on the impacts of CO2 on Earth's atmosphere would omit to make any mention of the so-called ‘greenhouse gas' effect unless they did not consider it a factor – however small. But omit it they did.
So, if climatologists are to be accorded the prestige of being the best arbiters of what mechanisms are most likely driving our climate why is there such a huge discrepancy between what science knew 30 years ago and what we are being told today?
One crucial factor here is credibility. What we can be sure of is that the cream of U.S. climate science in the 1970's had no political axe to grind. Back then the political hullabaloo about man-made global warming took another decade to gather momentum. As such this pristine and untainted evidence provides skeptics the world over with an unequivocal smoking gun to challenge the man-made global warming scam.
We can now say with great confidence that no serious mainstream climate scientist (up to the current generation of rent seekers) gave the GHE the time of day. This new revelation vindicates what experts like Tim Ball have been saying all along: the GHE was already debunked by Professor H. W.Woods in 1909.
I asked senior members of the 200-strong Principia Scientific International who had worked in meteorology or climate science to recall when they first saw the ‘science' of the GHE emerge onto the radar in universities, schools and national science academies.
PSI co-founder, Dr. Martin Hertzberg recalls:
“I was trained and served as a forecasting and research meteorologist for the U.S. Navy from 1953-1956. The term “greenhouse gas” never appeared in any of the texts or articles I studied during that period, nor did I or any of my fellow meteorologists ever use the concept in either short term or long term weather prediction.”
While Dr. Tim Ball confirms:
“As I recall the original greenhouse effect concept was created as a teaching analogy that was adopted and adapted into the hypothesis. Carl Sagan and Hansen were messing around with the aerosol issue because of the alarmist threat of nuclear winter. This proposed that with a global nuclear war so much dust would be put into the atmosphere sunlight would be blocked driving the world into a snowball earth. The idea was later shown to be theoretically incorrect and disappeared but not without leaving residue such as Hansen's focus on aerosols and soot. This created his pathological hatred of coal that is the broad theme running through his career. He came to world attention because Gore and Senator Wirth heard about him and brought him to testify before Gore's Committee in 1988.”
PSI is appealing for more anecdotal evidence from other professionals and scientists the world over who studied in, or were connected to, climate and meteorology studies before the 1980's. PSI's aim is to forensically compile a trace line back to where national science bodies and universities went over to the ‘dark side' to sound the alarm over bogus greenhouse gas ‘science.'
Sane minds will now put all the telling pieces of evidence together and understand why the most modern of science instruments shows little if any climate sensitivity to CO2; while climatologists knew in 1979 the greenhouse gas effect wasn't even a consideration. If there was to be found killer evidence to expose this scam this surely must be it.
*This article is one of a series on this subject. The full set are found as follows: Part One, Part Two, Part Three, Part Four, Part Five,Part 6
—— UPDATE ——-
John Cook (Skepticalscience.com) and other GHE fanatics have rushed here to post a swath of comments to berate me that I've been misleading in my article (above). It is they who are being misleading. Settled science requires settled nomenclature.
The very fact no mainstream science body dared tout the greenhouse gas theory by name in 1979 is because: (a) they lacked the confidence in the science to call it as such (b) they well understood that the greenhouse gas ‘theory' had already been refuted by RW Woods (1909) and affirmed as such by the American Meteorological Society (1951) in its Compendium of Meteorology (Brooks, C.E.P. “Geological and Historical Aspects of Climatic Change.” pp. 1004-18 (at 1016)).
The AMS was adamant that the very idea that CO2 could alter the climate “was never widely accepted and was abandoned when it was found that all the long-wave radiation [that would be] absorbed by CO2 is [already] absorbed by water vapor.”
The cold, hard facts are in black and white and the revisionists of science history have failed to bury the truth despite billions of dollars in resources and virtual ownership of the media.
Advertisements
EARTH CITY, Mo. -- The San Diego Chargers made it abundantly clear Tuesday that the plan put forth by the city of San Diego to have a public vote before the end of the year to help fund a new football stadium simply isn't going to work.
In the process, the Chargers appear to be taking another step closer to Los Angeles, presumably toward the project they co-opt with the Oakland Raiders in Carson, California, according to Vincent Bonsignore of the LA Daily News.
The Chargers released a statement effectively declaring that they don't see a viable way to put the measure on the ballot before December.
"Based on all of this work and discussion, the Chargers have concluded that it is not possible to place a ballot measure before voters in December 2015 in a legally defensible manner given the requirements of the State's election law and the California Environmental Quality Act," the statement read, in part.
The December timeline is important because that is around the time the league is expected to start making decisions on which teams will be allowed to move to Los Angeles and when. The Chargers and Raiders have been working together on a stadium project in Carson while the St. Louis Rams and owner Stan Kroenke have been doing the same in Inglewood.
It should come as little surprise that the Chargers look like they could be on their way out and Tuesday's news offered another reminder of how real that possibility is. The real question remains where that will happen. While Carson is the option on the table now, there are still many who believe they could end up in Inglewood with the Rams.
The theory goes that Inglewood is the more shovel-ready project backed by a wealthier owner and if Kroenke proved willing to play ball on a lease for the Chargers, the league could look past some of the arguments against his moving the team to Los Angeles.
As always with this saga, there are plenty of twists and turns that still figure to happen before anything is finalized.
I.C.Y.M.I.
A roundup of Tuesday's Rams stories appearing on ESPN.com. ... In the Ram-blings, we opened the day with a look at where some former Rams quarterback rank amongst the best backups in the league. ... Cornerback E.J. Gaines is working to solidify a starting job on the outside. ... Fox broadcaster Joe Buck offered his services to narrate the latest proposed St. Louis stadium video. ... Rams center Tim Barnes hopes to parlay his experience into a starting job. ... The Rams and quarterback Nick Foles are in the early stages of some long-term contract discussions. ... The Rams released their 2015 training camp schedule. ... Coach Jeff Fisher said the Rams practicing near Los Angeles has everything to do with football and nothing to do with relocation. ... The Rams enlisted the help of a new social media company to educate players on best practices.
Elsewhere:
Here's the link to the video with Buck narrating the proposed stadium video.
At 101sports.com, Rams punter Johnny Hekker discussed all things Rams with the guys from "The Turn."
At stltoday.com, Bernie Miklasz writes that just because the Rams might move to Los Angeles doesn't mean their fortunes will change.
David Hunn reports on the latest in the stadium lawsuit saga.
ProFootballTalk's Mike Florio writes that the NFL's return to Los Angeles in 2016 is inevitable.
The great arena debate of 2017 is in full swing, just in time for the municipal election. But lost in the war of words, according to some fans, is that other building which plays home to another Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation team: McMahon Stadium.
Unlike the Saddledome, which is leased by CSEC from the city, the corporation doesn't operate McMahon. The football stadium where the Stampeders play is owned by the University of Calgary and is managed by the city.
But CSEC president and CEO Ken King made it clear earlier this week that the organization doesn't intend to spend any money to fix up McMahon, which was last renovated in 2014.
'It needs some work'
The stadium is the second oldest in the CFL, behind Montreal's facility built in 1919.
"The Calgary Stampeders, while they're still a professional team, they're the CFL and, you know, it's a smaller league so the focus is on the Flames," said Stamps fan Keith Loach.
"But people forget that McMahon Stadium was built in the 1960s. It needs some work."
CSEC originally floated the idea of a combined stadium and arena complex it dubbed CalgaryNext for the west end of downtown, but that megaproject was roundly rejected by city council.
CalgaryNext and Plan B
Since then, the city has been pursuing its Plan B project for a new arena in Victoria Park near the aging Saddledome. That project, and discussions so far between the city and CSEC, does not include a new stadium.
"We are in dire need of a new facility, there's no question about that," said Stamps fan Greg Kellery.
"But the fact that nobody wants to put any money into [it]... I understand that from an economic standpoint, because it is an old, old building. It's like putting lipstick on a pig type thing, you're putting a bandaid on a problem."
City police were out in full force Monday on Whitemud Drive, as part of their long-weekend enforcement blitz, catching lead-footed motorists who were probably wishing the speed limit was a bit higher.
But unfortunately for the speedsters, a new city report recommends the speed limit along the roadway stay at 80 km/h, despite calls to raise it.
Former Mayor Stephen Mandel has argued for years that the Whitemud can support faster speeds and he says Edmontonians — himself included — exceed the limit on it every day.
He said last August that he'd like to see the limit be raised to 90 to 100 km/h.
But the report, set to be presented to City Council's Transportation Committee Wednesday, says the road has too many constraints to allow for a faster traffic flow.
Sharp curves, close passing between exits, and limited sight distances at underpasses would be aggravated by higher speeds, the report notes, adding that the road already has a significantly higher collision rate as it stands.
“Based on the collision data, speed data, and noise consideration, an increase in the posted speed limit is not recommended,” the report read.
The report also shoots down the notion that a higher speed would greatly reduce congestion and drive time, noting that it would actually “require more frequent entering, exiting, and interweaving of traffic which will increase traffic congestion and reduce traffic safety.”
But it does say that should council consider increasing the posted limit, it should do so along specific segments, like eastbound from 75th to 17th Streets and 159 Street to Guardian Road. It does not recommend a change to the posted limit throughout.
allison.salz@sunmedia.ca
@SUNAllisonSalz
Sen. Ted Cruz might have tapped Carly Fiorina as his running mate this week, but Indiana voters will still have an opportunity Tuesday to vote for Mrs. Fiorina for president.
The Indiana election division of the secretary of state's office confirmed Thursday that the names of nine presidential candidates appear on the Republican primary ballot, which also has been used for early voting.
The candidates, who are listed in alphabetical order by last name, are former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, Mr. Cruz, Mrs. Fiorina, Ohio Gov. John Kasich, Sen. Rand Paul, Sen. Marco Rubio, and businessman Donald Trump.
Under state law, the deadline for a presidential primary candidate to withdraw was at noon Feb. 8. Mrs. Fiorina announced Feb. 10 that she was suspending her presidential campaign.
Mr. Paul, Mr. Christie, Mr. Bush, Mr. Carson and Mr. Rubio have also suspended their campaigns.
After Mr. Cruz announced Mrs. Fiorina as his running mate Wednesday, the Cruz campaign started pushing “Cruz-Carly” and “Cruz-Fiorina” merchandise, and the Indiana primary will be crucial to Mr. Cruz's quest to halt Mr. Trump's march to the nomination.
The Cruz campaign and the Trusted Leadership PAC, an outside group supporting Mr. Cruz's candidacy, released ads Thursday featuring Mrs. Fiorina.
“Ted Cruz is a conservative — a fearless defender of the Constitution who's taken on Washington and won,” Mrs. Fiorina says in the Cruz campaign ad. “He's tested, trusted and ready to lead, and I am honored to join Ted Cruz as his running mate.”
The disclaimer on the ad from the Cruz campaign said it was “paid for by Cruz for president and Carly for vice president” and the two jointly approved the message.
Mr. Kasich's campaign announced this week that it would get out of the way of Mr. Cruz in Indiana, and the Cruz campaign said it would clear the path for Mr. Kasich to compete in Oregon and New Mexico.
But Mr. Cruz and Mr. Kasich have since said they won't tell their supporters whom to vote for, and Mr. Cruz said Thursday that the two candidates have no “alliance.”
Speaking about the agreement this week on “The Glenn Beck Program,” Mr. Cruz said, “I trust the voters to figure out who to vote for. So I'm not asking my supporters to vote for anybody else.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The Mormon people teach the American religion; their principles teach the people not only of Heaven and its attendant glories, but how to live so that their social and economic relations with each other are placed on a sound basis. If the people follow the teachings of this Church, nothing can stop their progress — it will be limitless.
In his diary, Leo Tolstoy wrote: “God is that infinite All of which man knows himself to be a finite part.”
Enigmatic, moved by great passions and inconsistencies, this man is considered a creative genius; perhaps as significant in the literature of the world as Shakespeare is.
Born on Sept. 9, 1828, he was the fourth child in a family of old, respected nobility. But his mother, and then his father, Count Nicolai Tolstoy, died while he was still young, and he and his siblings were raised by two aunts, in succession.
In 1844, around 16 years of age, Tolstoy began the study of law and the pursuit of Asian languages. As seems often the case with extraordinary people, a teacher described him as “both unable and unwilling to learn!”
In 1857, when nearing 30, Tolstoy visited Paris and happened to be witness to a public execution. Greatly moved, he wrote in a letter to his friend, Vasily Botkin: “The truth is that the State is a conspiracy designed not only to exploit, but above all to corrupt its citizens. ... Henceforth, I shall never serve any government anywhere.”
Politics he endured, but religion had its own hold upon him. He married Sophia Tolstaya — 16 years his junior — in 1862. Thirteen children were born to them, and there were many challenges in this tumultuous relationship. Yet, interestingly, Tolstoy said and wrote things such as the following: “Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world; all else is folly” (see "War and Peace"). And again, “And all people live, not by reason of any care they have for themselves, but by the love for them that is in other people” (see "Tales from Tolstoy").
Tolstoy was a free, forward-looking thinker. In 1861, after visiting the anarchist Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, who was living in Brussels, Belguim, under an assumed name, he was so impressed by some of the ideas and possibilities discussed between them that he went home and arranged for the building of 13 schools for the children of his serfs.
Tolstoy believed that worship of God and our approach to God can be varied, but that God is there — and accessible to all men of all classes and conditions. He was curious, and sought for religious truths wherever he went, with whatever group or nationality of people he encountered. Rejecting organized religion himself, he was known for his support of and concern for those who did strive to practice their religion — especially for religious minorities who were struggling or suffering persecution.
Thus Mormonism. He first mentions this little-known religion in his diary while he is traveling in Western Europe. He is young, and relatively unknown except in Russia. But 30 years later, in an unusual way, Mormonism was again brought to his attention. He received an unexpected letter from an American woman, who happened to be Brigham Young's daughter, Susa Young Gates. She was sending him a copy of the Book of Mormon, compelled by an article she had read the year before (in June of 1887), in “Century,” a leading magazine of the time. Tolstoy had spoken in an interview of the U.S. government's measures to crush polygamy, and Susa was astonished that “extensive as your reading and knowledge is, it should still reach so far, and compass so seemingly small a factor in the world's present history," according to the article "Tolstoy and Mormonism," by Leland A. Fetzer.
This impassioned young woman could not resist telling the history of her people from their own point of view. Her letter was well-written and both sweet and persuasive. She sent three letters in all to the great writer, and these were apparently answered, as was his habit, by his daughter, Tatyana. Tolstoy had scrawled the one word "answer" in Russian on the last page of Susa's letter. So he was definitely, to some extent, drawn to this daughter of the famous Mormon leader and to what she was saying. In his journal Tolstoy referred to the “beautiful letter of the American woman,” according to "Tolstoy and Mormonism."
It was five years later when a notable reference to Mormonism came up in Tolstoy's life. But before this time Tolstoy had obviously spoken of Mormons in interviews, perhaps read more, asked questions — even of himself. Quakers, Russian Old Believers, Buddhists — many groups which may be considered exotic sects — were of interest to him. When he read the book Susa sent on Joseph Smith he found what he called deception in it, as he did in all organized religion. He disliked the trappings of churches which he believed got in the way of the personal experience, rather than facilitating it. Dogma and ritual raised red flags for him. He deeply distrusted institutions, and the concept of being told what he had to do and how he had to do it in order to express religion — or even to feel it within. He found particularly repulsive churches associated with and supported by the state.
When Tolstoy met with Andrew D. White in March of 1894, White was President of Cornell University and had been a minister to both Germany and Russia, and also the American delegate to the Hague Conference of 1899. He was independently wealthy, a man of power, sure of his position and confident of himself.
When their general discussion came around to Mormonism, Tolstoy was interested that White had visited Salt Lake City two years before, and expressed some positive opinions about the members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and about what he had read of them. In White's words, which were published in McClure's Magazine (April 1901) and quoted in “Tolstoy and Mormonism”: “He thought two thirds of their religion deception, but said that on the whole he preferred a religion which professed to have dug its sacred books out of the earth to one that pretended that they were let down from heaven ... he spoke of the good reputation of the Mormons for chastity, and asked me to explain the hold of their religion upon women.”
Much was obviously going on in Tolstoy's mind. He was an insightful thinker, in many ways he was a realist, but he could feel as deeply and passionately as he could think. These interviews between the two men took place over several days. And White's responses were as astute and in many ways as enlightened in thought and perception as were Tolstoy's.
An additional, albeit third-hand, account of the meeting comes from one-time Cornell student Thomas J. Yates. It was published by the Improvement Era in February 1939. According to Yates, White shared the story with him after learning that Yates was Mormon.
What brought Tolstoy to this final statement, if accurate, will, of course, never be known. The absoluteness, the definitive nature of his words, imbues them with a ringing power that sends a thrill through the reader's mind. Given all that Tolstoy was, all that struggled within himself that was unknown to others, his statement on Mormonism can be considered nothing less than remarkable.
According to Yates' account, Tolstoy began by asking White to tell him of his American religion. White explained that there was no such thing, but Tolstoy persisted, saying, “ 'I know all of this, but I want to know about the American religion. Catholicism originated in Rome; the Episcopal Church originated in England; the Lutheran Church in Germany, but the Church to which I refer originated in America, and is commonly known as the Mormon Church. What can you tell me of the teachings of the Mormons?'
“ 'Well,' said Dr. White ‘I know very little concerning them. They have an unsavory reputation, they practice polygamy, and are very superstitious.'
“Then Count Leo Tolstoy, in his honest and stern, but lovable manner, rebuked the ambassador. ‘Dr. White, I am greatly surprised and disappointed that a man of your great learning and position should be so ignorant on this important subject. The Mormon people teach the American religion; their principles teach the people not only of Heaven and its attendant glories, but how to live so that their social and economic relations with each other are placed on a sound basis. If the people follow the teachings of this Church, nothing can stop their progress — it will be limitless. There have been great movements started in the past but they have died or been modified before they reached maturity. If Mormonism is able to endure, unmodified, until it reaches the third and fourth generation, it is destined to become the greatest power the world has ever known.' ”
Apparently White, after his return home, secured a set of LDS Church works to be placed in the library at Cornell.
Notable; extraordinary indeed. We leave these words, as the speaker left them, for your consideration.
Sources: notablequotes.com; Macmillan Readers; "Tolstoy" (1988), A.N. Wilson via Wikipedia; “Tolstoy and Mormonism,” by Leland A. Fetzer, Dialogue; "Tolstoy's Book of Mormon, a Gift from Brigham Young's daughter," Deseret News, June 2010; "Women of Faith in the Latter-days, Volume 3," Susa Young Gates entry, p. 57-68; “Leo Tolstoy on the Future of the LDS Church,” Improvement Era, February 1939 (vol. 42), p. 94.
Anyone who cares about the Arab World has to be profoundly shaken by the unraveling that is taking place across the Levant. Reviewing events unfolding from Iraq in the East to Lebanon in the West can give one the distinct feeling that the region is on a path leading to self-destruction. What, if anything, can be done to reverse course?
Syria is committing suicide -- tearing itself asunder in a civil war that, with the support and prodding of outside forces, has increasingly become an exercise in sectarian blood-letting. American combat forces may have left Iraq, but the country has not found a way to make peace with itself. Daily terrorist bombings are killing scores of civilians, while a dysfunctional sectarian government appears to be focused more on prosecuting and persecuting its opponents, than providing for the needs of its people.
Speaking of dysfunction -- Lebanon, reeling from the pressure emanating from Syria next door, is once again teetering on the brink of civil conflict. Meanwhile, the conflicts raging around Jordan are having a destabilizing impact with that country receiving yet another massive influx of refugees -- its fourth in the past six decades. And poor dismembered Palestine and its dispersed people are suffering from new and old tragedies. Palestinian refugees from Syria have flooded into Lebanon's already congested and impoverished camps creating new tensions. Despite the news that another "peace process" might be underway, the Palestinians in the occupied territories see what remains of their lands being chewed up by settlement construction and a barrier wall that snakes deep into the West Bank, while Gaza continues to be strangled by a cruel blockade.
It was back in 2002 that then British Foreign Minister Jack Straw noted that many of the "problems we [the United Kingdom] are dealing with [in the Middle East] are a consequence of our colonial past." Straw was referring to what he called his country's "not entirely honorable past" -- its betrayal of the Arabs in the post-World War I period and its imposition of the Sykes-Picot Agreement on the region.
Straw was right. By denying Arab aspirations to establish a unitary state in the Levant; by carving the region up into British and French spheres of influence and imposing their colonial authority and regimes of their choosing in each of these newly created "states;" by pitting sect against sect and paving the way for the loss of Palestine -- the British and French laid the groundwork for many of the problems the Levant is confronting today.
One might be tempted to ask what the Levant might look like had US President Woodrow Wilson been able to win the day and secure the "right of self-determination" for the Arabs who had just come out from under the Ottoman yoke? And what if the world had paid heed to the findings of the Wilson-authorized King-Crane Commission survey and granted the Arabs the unitary state they so overwhelmingly desired?
We can indulge in such speculation, but, in the real world, politics is a function not of "what if" but "what is." And so despite Straw's lament, the way forward is to be found not in looking back at what might have been, but in an honest assessment of what can be done to address current realities.
During the past century, there were many attempts by Arabs living in the Levant to redress their aggrieved history. Refusing to succumb to the efforts of outsiders who sought to exploit their religious diversity, in an effort to "divide and conquer," they developed "Arab" nationalism -- fostering an identity that would transcend both religious sect and the mini-states that had been the legacy of Sykes-Picot. It remains a tragedy that this Arab identity movement was exploited by military regimes who manipulated its emotive power to support their rule. In the end, the idea of "Arabism" became discredited, not on its merits, but because of the brutal regimes that had embraced it.
Another approach was found by those who accepted the new reality of Sykes-Picot created sub-national identities. These stressed, for example, the uniqueness of being "Lebanese" or the differences between being "Palestinian" or "Jordanian." It was important to note that even within these state-based nationalisms, religious divisions were transcended.
What I have always found to be among the most intriguing results in the polling we have done during the past decade is the persistence of an Arab identity and a sense of a common destiny among the people of the Levant. While sectarian wars raged in Iraq, or while Lebanon's political system remained grounded in a system of sect-privilege, the principal identity of most Iraqis and Lebanese remained not their sect, but being both "Arab" and "Lebanese" or "Iraqi." And when we asked the publics in all of the countries of the Levant why what happened to Palestinians, Syrians or Iraqis was important to them, the most common response was "because they are Arabs like me."
It is for this reason that I cannot accept that it is inevitable that the Levant drown in the blood of sectarian conflict. Nor can I imagine that the people of the region desire their fate to be a checkerboard of "cleansed" sectarian cantons. It makes no sense that Iran or the Muslim Brotherhood should be driving the Levant's agenda when the region's people, despite their religious diversity, express an attachment to their common bonds born of history, culture and blood-ties.
Egyptians have demonstrated their rejection of religious sect-based government. Syrians are now waging an anti-sectarian rebellion within their rebellion against the regime. And polls show that Palestinians in Gaza, despite having voted for Hamas in 2006, are now rejecting this movement's divisive rule.
What the Levant needs today is a unified revolt against sectarian division and recognition of the futility of its self-destructive path. It can be done. I have seen the seeds of the way forward in the young Lebanese, Syrian and Palestinian entrepreneurs -- Muslim and Christian -- working together to create innovative businesses in the Arab World's "Silicon Valley" of Dubai. I have seen much the same in gatherings of Arab business leaders hosted by the World Economic Forum. It is their experience, and not that of their contemporaries, inspired by hate and armed with guns, that represents the most promising future for the Levant. The notion that this region's people share common bonds and have a common destiny cannot be rejected because this idea had once been abused by brutal regimes. To borrow an American expression "one shouldn't throw the baby out with the Ba'ath." New life needs to be breathed into this region to save it before it drowns in its own blood. It can be done. The region can be saved, but it will take leaders with vision and a determination as strong that being demonstrated by those who appear hell-bent on destroying it.
Demands by North Korean border guards for a greater share of the profits of smuggling have slowed the movement of commodities across the border with China, causing hardships for North Koreans who earn a living by trafficking in goods, sources say.
Because of tightened security measures put in place over the last year, the fees charged by guards delivering goods across the border have now risen as high as 30 to 40 percent of the smugglers' profit, sources in the country told RFA's Korean Service.
“Control at the border is now three to four times stricter than it was before,” said one source living in Hyesan city in Yanggang province, bordering China.
“So people cannot cross the border to meet Chinese traders and exchange goods in person,” RFA's source said speaking on condition of anonymity.
Items typically smuggled into China from North Korea include copper, scrap metal, and medicinal herbs, with low-priced consumer goods brought into North Korea from China in return.
Because of heightened security, smugglers have increasingly entrusted their goods to guards to convey across the border for a fee, he said.
“We can now make only a small profit because of the high kickbacks they demand,” he said.
Moving goods
If they can, guards will often move a large quantity of goods belonging to one smuggler once a day, a second source living in Yanggang told RFA.
“Or, if there are not enough of these, they will smuggle two or three persons' goods instead,” he said.
Previously, when North Korean smugglers moved goods directly across the river, they would give 11 percent of their profits to guards to look the other way, a source in North Hamgyong province told RFA.
“But they now have to give 30 percent of their profits to the guards, because the guards themselves are involved in the smuggling,” he said.
The higher fees charged by guards have now brought most smuggling at the border to a halt, sources said.
Reported by Sung-hui Moon. Translated by Hanna Lee. Written in English by Richard Finney.
People living in high-poverty neighborhoods in the U.S. often don't have easy access to good schools, jobs, or parks and other green spaces. Instead, the residents of such neighborhoods are exposed to violence and environmental hazards on a daily basis. Growing up in such difficult environments, research has shown time and again, leads to a lifetime of negative consequences.
To help the situation, anti-poverty policies designed to pull poor families out of downtrodden areas have been put in place all over the country. Giving out housing vouchers, for instance, has been one effective way to help low-income families live in better neighborhoods. Federal and local governments have also encouraged the development of affordable-housing units in rich neighborhoods (although many such efforts have faced significant pushback).
But a new report by the Center for American Progress reaffirms that these initiatives have not been nearly sufficient in meeting the growing demand for affordable housing. “As a result, there is a great divide between where low-income people can afford to live and where opportunities exist,” the report's authors write.
To illustrate this divide, the CAP report examined the location of vacant affordable units for rent in the Cleveland, Los Angeles, and Houston metro areas. (These are units that a household earning 80 percent of the area's median income can afford without spending more than 30 percent of household income on rent and mortgage payments.) These cities are in different parts of the country and have different laws, economies, and city planning. But in each case, housing options for the poor are primarily located in low- to mid-opportunity neighborhoods—where opportunity is measured by presence of things like high-paying jobs, good transit, retail, and education.
A new eBay data center in South Jordan, Utah, enables the e-commerce giant to keep its goods flowing, but it is remarkable for another reason entirely. The center is the first facility of its kind to generate all its electricity on site from fuel cells, which are provided by Bloom Energy.
The data center is one more sign that fuel-cell energy companies are in the early stages of a rally. After nearly 10 years of spiraling stock prices, recent technological innovations and improved balance sheets are attracting Fortune 500 companies, both as customers and partners. Now, an industry known for operating in the red shows signs of achieving profitability.
"The market is more and more becoming aware of the attributes of fuel cells and buying into them and all of that is leading to large annual production of fuel cell technology," said Scott Samuelsen, director of the Fuel Cell Research Center at the University of California at Irvine.
Revenue from stationary fuel cells grew 55 percent last year, to $1.3 billion, according to Navigant Research's Fuel Cells Annual Report 2013.
Fuel cell systems convert fuels such as natural gas, methane and biogas into electricity via an electrochemical process with minimal emissions. While wind and solar provide intermittent power, fuel cells operate continuously.
"In the early 2000s there was a lot of hype around the sector," said Kerry-Ann Adamson, a Navigant fuel cell analyst. "The technology was in the grip of trying to find where the problem in the market was. At the time, it was a solution without a problem."
But Samuelsen at the Fuel Cell Research Center said two developments have emerged since to lay the groundwork for this rally.
The first is the rise of high-temperature fuel cells. Much of the technology popular 10 years ago required expensive rare earth, such as platinum. But the fuel cell systems from companies such as Bloom and FuelCell Energy are made from cheaper and abundant ceramics.
(Read more: Natural gas: Risks and rewards for Gazprom boss)
You know what I didn't think I'd be doing this time last week?
Drinking my wife's breast milk.
But that's exactly what I did tonight — in the interests of journalism; and also in the interests of challenging what I realized was my totally unjustified “ick” factor.
My wife has been breastfeeding our second child for a number of weeks now and we always joke that she'll be the “go to” when we run out of milk for our Cheerios. Yet the truth is, like the majority of Americans, I thought that the idea of actually drinking breast milk was gross.
Which is interesting; because I spent the best part of a year doing exactly that when I was a baby.
What makes it even more interesting is the fact that scientists are discovering more and more miraculous things about Mommy Milk. In April of last year, researchers in Sweden isolated a chain of proteins known as HAMLET (Human Alpha-lactalbumin Made LEthal to Tumour cells) which could actually attack and kill over 40 types of human cancer.
In fact, a growing number of cancer patients are seeking out human milk donors because of the suggestion that breast milk holds the key to their “untreatable” disease. Even the medical community has weighed in. Dr. Lori Feldman-Winter at Cooper University Hospital in New Jersey, explained, “There's promising research that would indicate that in the future the solution for not only preventing cancer, but even treating and curing cancer might be in human milk.”
But that leaves us with one important hurdle to overcome — would anybody drink it?
Well, the short answer is yes — enough so that six breast milk banks have been set up across the country, and now cancer patients can request their doctors write them a prescription for human breast milk if other treatment options have failed.
But the most of us, the thought is… well… ick.
Which doesn't make sense. I shuddered at the thought of drinking human breast milk, yet grew up on a farm drinking cow's milk while it was still warm from the teat. What makes is so different when it comes from a person?
It's an interesting question, and perhaps linked to why people have such a hang-up about breastfeeding in America. Websites like Facebook actively seek out and remove pictures of mothers breastfeeding their babies; and even though it's a legally protected right, women get harassed and insulted when discreetly breastfeeding in public locations such as restaurants (which seems kind of ironic — since everybody else is there to chow down as well).
It was my wife who suggested I try a taste of her breast milk; and that's what gave birth to the idea for this article.
I'll admit that I was grossed out. The thought of drinking human milk seemed… well, icky. Even though we're currently sharing a house with a three month old who guzzles down so much of the stuff we've nicknamed him “Chugger.”
But my wife made me realize what a queer concept the “grossness” of breast milk was.
Think of all the other bodily fluids we exchange with those we love: The dénouement to most blowjobs is a mouthful of semen. The most appetizing oral encounters are with a pussy glistening with arousal. We'll swap spit with people we hardly know in clubs and bars; and those with partners they trust sometimes embrace taboos like “tossing the salad,” better known as analingus.
The fact is, most us are willing to ingest all sorts of fluids from those we love or are attracted to; but breast milk remains a taboo. In an impartial, and admittedly inadequate, survey I conducted, most women I spoke to admitted they'd rather gulp down a mouthful of cum than drink another woman's breast milk. And cum doesn't cure cancer (or even taste very good).
No, there's a hang-up at work there; and I can't quite put my finger on what it is.
Perhaps it's because the other bodily fluids we've mentioned are swapped in the heat of sexual passion. Unless you have a lactation fetish, breast milk is purely businesslike. The things we're willing to put in our mouth when we're on the brink of orgasm are presumably very different to what we'd drink on a more vanilla occasion.
But I also think America's distrust and hostility to breastfeeding in general plays a part it in — sending out the message that somehow breast milk is disgusting and icky. If you want proof, just look at the results of another impartial, but not very statistically sound survey I did. Most of my friends admitted they'd drink a capful of baby formula but not a woman's breast milk.
I know I felt the same; and talking it through with my wife made me realize that this instinctual, visceral “ick” factor made no rational sense at all. That's why I decided to embrace my discomfort and take her up on the challenge of drinking a glass of breast milk.
And the result?
Well, I did it — and I'm kind of proud of myself for that. And just like asparagus did when my mother made me eat it as a kid, breast milk turned out not to taste as icky as I'd imagined. It was kind of sweet and sugary; almost like coconut milk. It had a pungentness to it too, much like the fresh-from-the-cow milk I'd poured on my cornflakes growing up.
I'm not going to lie to you — I'm not going to stop buying my Simply Skim any time soon. But the experiment challenged my own preconceived squickiness about breast milk; and made me realize that America is selling itself off short by perpetuating the myth that breast milk is somehow “gross” and “disgusting.”
It's not. Just ask my youngest son — he drinks a pint of it every day.
New Yorkers are making a big stink about the city not picking up their trash.
They've called in 16,936 complaints of missed pickups to the city's 311 hotline from Jan. 1 to Aug. 1 — a surge of 26 percent from 13,489 over the same period last year, and 32 percent more than the 12,784 gripes in the same period in 2014, according to city records.
And the number of complaints was a massive 76 percent more than the 9,598 called in by disgusted denizens five years ago.
The complaints, like festering refuse, really piled up in the summer months. July saw the highest number of complaints, 3,194, followed by June (2,903), while February (1,485) had the fewest.
Of the missed-collection calls so far this year, 6,782 were for recycled materials, up from 5,383 in 2015, and 4,733 in 2014, records show.
Queens residents had the most problems with rotting rubbish. They phoned in more than a third of the missed-pickup complaints, 6,435, followed by Brooklyn (5,267), Staten Island (2,779), Manhattan (1,385) and the Bronx (1,070), according to 311 records.
Residents of Ozone Park, Queens, who phoned in 573 complaints in the first seven months of the year, said sanitation workers aren't doing their jobs.
“Every week is the same thing,” said Remphel Gangaram, 45, who lives on 114th Street. “Every time they did this, they pick up the regular garbage and leave the recycling. It's been going on for months and months.”
A Sutter Avenue resident complained, “They missed the pickup yesterday and the trash will usually sit out two to three days. The smell gets worse this time of year because of the heat.
“I can tell you it's worse in Queens than Brooklyn because Brooklyn has more pickup days,” she added.
Sanitation Department spokeswoman Kathy Dawkins said winter snowstorms and people slow to adjust to changes in collection schedules led to more missed collections.
The city reported meeting 96 percent of garbage-cleanup requests within five days of receiving a complaint from the city's hotline, according to the Mayor's Management Report.
And while complaints of missed pickups soared, so did the cost of garbage collection.
Such taxpayer costs rose to $449 per ton in fiscal year 2015, compared to $422 per ton in FY 2014 and $392 per ton in FY 2013, records show.
Overtime for sanitation workers also rose — up 21 percent from $108 million in FY 2013 to $131 million in FY 2015.
Yet the amount of trash the Sanitation Department actually disposed of dipped 3 percent from 3.26 million tons in FY 2013 to 3.18 million in FY 2015, records show.
Charlie Hunnam, soon to be Lad King Arthur for Guy Ritchie and former Son of Anarchy, will not be returning for Pacific Rim 2. It's, by all accounts, a genuinely amicable thing that's been on the cards for some time. Hunnam talked about how earlier drafts of Pacific Rim: Maelstrom focused heavily on his character (Raleigh Becket), but as the schedule locked in it became apparent that he wouldn't be able to return.
It's a shame, as Hunnam's always good value and I rather liked Raleigh. But the fact the movie can go on without him is also a testament to just how interesting and versatile a world the Pacific Rim films have built.
So, like a kid eating their veggies first, let's take a look at the downside of Hunnam not returning. It's a loss because he's a very weird, and rather clever, leading man for a blockbuster. I know Hunnam caught more than his fair share of flak for a fairly broad performance, but the more you look at it, the more you see the interesting layers given to the character by both his performance and the script.
Let's tackle the broad element first. His early scenes in particular present Raleigh as a taller, blonder, less Scientology-y Maverick from Top Gun. He's all go, no quit—a Kaiju-punching rockstar as in love with the idea of his job as he is with the job itself. He's basically a Jaeger-piloting Newt, a full-bore fanboy whose life is defined by the monsters he fights and kills.
And then he loses.
In the worst, most traumatic way possible.
Raleigh's path through the rest of the movie is somewhere between an old gunslinger called out of retirement and Rocky in Rocky III. In both cases, a lead with absolute faith in their abilities is given rock-solid proof that someone else is better than they are. In both cases, the characters have to completely reinvent themselves in order to survive.
This is all pretty cookie-cutter stuff, but it's also the point where Pacific Rim gets specific and gets surprising in short order. Raleigh is oddly serene, a man who has faced the absolute worst thing that can happen to him and come out the other side. He is very, very far from okay, but at the same time he's also pretty much unflappable. He's one of only two people in history to solo-pilot a Jaeger and live. After that, everything's pretty small potatoes.
It's a really interesting direction to take the character, especially as he isn't arrogant about it. In fact, Raleigh comes across like a lot of serious illness or accident survivors I've met: always braced just a little bit for impact but also always pleasantly surprised that whatever they're going through isn't as bad as what they've been through. He has the same calm; the same grounded, quiet pragmatism, and it's there in every aspect of the character. His quiet manner of speech, his acceptance of very nearly everything, even the fact he and Mako don't kiss in the final scene. That last scene, in particular, could either be read as Raleigh being numb to anything outside his own head or, more plausibly, as Raleigh knowing Mako's boundaries. They've been inside each other's heads. You don't get more intimate than that.
It's also worth noting that Raleigh is one of the very first gunslingers of this type who finds his way through his long dark night of the soul by—literally and metaphorically—trusting and embracing his feminine side.
So with all that in mind, it's a real shame he won't be back. In many ways Raleigh is Stacker Pentecost's logical heir: they have shared trauma, shared respect, and both men have that same feet-on-the-ground pragmatism. It would have been really interesting to see how Raleigh had adapted to a world at peace, or whether he'd moved up in rank to be Herc's 2IC. How calm can you be when your world is ripped apart for a second time? How can you still have faith in your own fundamental endurance when you went through Hell and now Hell has come back for you? Lots to work with there.
Or is there?
John McClane, Connor MacLeod, Sarah Connor, Ellen Ripley. Four of the greatest characters popular cinema has created in the last hundred years. The original Die Hard redefined action movies, the original Alien remains a near unassailable SF classic (as do at least two of its sequels), and the first Terminator story (which I'd argue is comprised of T1 and Judgment Day) is positively epochal. Plus the original Highlander and the magnificently eccentric TV show that followed it remain two of the best, oddest, and earliest examples of mainstream contemporary urban fantasy you can find.
Then there's Die Hard V: The Russia-Punching.
And Highlander II: The Dumpster Fire.
And Terminator III: Rise of the Female Terminator-As-Designed-By-a-15-Year-Old.
And whatever the hell Alien Resurrection became, as the latest titular alien dragged itself, half-formed, from the egg and intoned a single, garbled “…MAMA” before being blown out the airlock.
The point is all of these characters have legs, all of them have starred in multiple good movies (HIGHLANDER 3 IS MUCH LESS AWFUL THAN 2. Mostly. Let's move on.) but none of them have starred in universally successful, universally critically-acclaimed strings of movies.
Because no one does. Stories end. That's a feature, not a bug. Great stories know when to get off the stage, and nailing that landing is often the most important part of the whole enterprise. A good ending can be glorious, life-affirming…joyous, even. Witness the Ninth Doctor's farewell to Rose (but delivered practically into the camera): “You were fantastic. And you know what? So was I!”
So while there are plenty of potential angles that might have worked for Raleigh, I'm really glad Maelstrom won't be doing them. He's earned his rest, his story is done, and it's someone else's turn.
And that, when it comes down to it, is why this development is really good news. Pacific Rim has been quietly demonstrating that it's larger than a single character for a while now. The flawed but interesting Tales from Year Zero graphic novel did a great job of exploring the immediate aftermath of the Trespasser Event whilst recent series Tales from the Drift is the surprisingly touching story of the last mission one pair of Tacit Ronin pilots took on. Even the original movie itself is rife with implied and hidden stories: look at the other wildly individualistic Jaeger crews or the echoing halls of the mostly abandoned Shatterdome. This is a world, as podcaster Alex Shaw has pointed out, that's built on hundreds of stories, hundreds of lives. Raleigh was, and always will be, a vital part of that, but he wasn't the first and it makes sense that he isn't the last.
Finally, there's both an in-universe and out-of-universe extra bonus reason why this is good news. The in-universe reason is canon but has yet to be explored in the movies: the Drift. Even if Raleigh isn't dead, the fact that he's drifted means that there's an imprint of him in there. Any other pilot will be able to access that imprint, and several of the behind-the-scenes books have talked about the idea of the Drift as a kind of ancestral wisdom databank. It's almost certainly the way they'll bring Stacker back for a cameo.
The out-of-universe reason ties back to Stacker and, more specifically, who he is and where he's from. The confirmation that John Boyega is the new lead is excellent news, as we've talked about before. It also opens the movie up to entirely different cultural perspectives. A young black man from London who clearly had a complicated relationship with his dad is going to have a massively different way of doing things from a young white American who lost his brother in the Drift. We don't know yet whether Boyega will be partnered with the excellent Rinko Kikuchi as Mako Mori, but hopefully that's the case. Not only is that a very different, and welcome, pairing to anchor the movie, but it offers some interesting progression for Mako, becoming senior pilot and working with a man who is as untempered as she once was and who evokes good, but very complicated, memories for her. There's a hugely complex emotional landscape for the movie to cover and that, along with the return of building-sized war suits engaging in some serious monster-punching, sounds like it's going to be massive fun. Literally.
So here's to Raleigh Becket, whose watch is ended. His story will always be one of my favorites and the grace he showed in bowing off the stage leaves it open for something new, different, interesting, and almost certainly equipped with a chain sword and elbow rockets. Thanks, Ranger.
Alasdair Stuart is a freelancer writer, RPG writer and podcaster. He owns Escape Artists, who publish the short fiction podcasts Escape Pod, Pseudopod, Podcastle, Cast of Wonders, and the magazine Mothership Zeta. He blogs enthusiastically about pop culture, cooking and exercise at Alasdairstuart.com, and tweets @AlasdairStuart.
The Terror Factory: Inside the FBI's Manufactured War on Terrorism by Trevor Aaronson (Ig Publishing, 2013), 272 pages.
Predators stalk Muslim-American communities across the nation today. They talk of brotherhood and of sacrifice. They talk of jihad and the duty of fellow Muslims to come to the defense of the faithful. Often they prey on the most vulnerable within these communities: immature young men; new converts to Islam; ex-cons trying to turn their lives around; and the mentally unhinged. The thing is, these men who talk of martial valor and of waging war on the United States, both at home and abroad, aren't members of al-Qaeda or one of its affiliates; they are the undercover agents and confidential informants of the FBI. And their talent is a peculiar form of alchemy: they turn wayward, incompetent men, often with only a superficial understanding of Islam, into bloodthirsty jihadis intent on making the American dream a nightmare. In reality, the victims of this scam bear no more resemblance to monsters than Boris Karloff did.
“The organization responsible for more terrorist plots over the last decade than any other is the FBI,” investigative journalist Trevor Aaronson provocatively declares at the outset of his deeply unsettling book, The Terror Factory. With sinewy prose and surgical investigative techniques, Aaronson crafts a devastating indictment against the FBI, showing that many of these successful counterterrorism investigations heralded by the bureau — the Lackawanna Six, the Liberty City Seven, the Fort Dix Five, the Newburgh Four — did not avert mass slaughter. Rather the plots were manufactured by the FBI, often using a network of 15,000 domestic spies to entrap jihadi wannabees and completely innocent men into terrorist conspiracies, which invariably ended with the mark theatrically pushing a button that was supposed to make a big boom.
Aaronson's approach isn't anecdotal. He's done the hard, often unheralded work of building a database of 508 defendants charged with terrorism offenses by the Department of Justice since 9/11. When broken down, the analytical results are startling.
Of the 508 defendants, 243 had been targeted through an FBI informant, 158 had been caught in an FBI terrorism sting, and 49 had encountered an agent provocateur. Most of the people who didn't face off against an informant weren't directly involved with terrorism at all, but were instead Category II offenders, small-time criminals with distant links to terrorists overseas. Seventy-two of these Category II offenders had been charged with making false statements, while 121 had been prosecuted for immigration violations. Of the 508 cases, I could count on one hand the number of actual terrorists … who posed a direct and immediate threat to the United States.
Swarms of informants
The genesis of this corrupt domestic counterterrorism apparatus began in the immediate aftermath of 9/11. Since core al-Qaeda slaughtered approximately 3,000 people on that beautiful September morning, the FBI has been empowered to identify and disrupt jihadist terrorists believed to have either insinuated themselves into American society or become radicalized at home. Rather than concentrating on investigating crimes that have already occurred, the FBI now has license from the White House to engage in intelligence-led preventative policing. Think of it as the domestic corollary to the Bush's administration's argument for preventative war. The result: swarms of informants. “In the decade since 9-11,” writes Aaronson, “the FBI has built the largest network of spies ever to exist in the United States — with ten times as many informants on the streets today as there were during the infamous COINTELPRO operations under FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover — with the majority of these spies focused on ferreting out terrorism in Muslim communities.” These “confidential informants,” or CIs in bureau parlance, are not selfless volunteers. They are often unprincipled profiteers, many of whom have lengthy criminal records.
The “G” in G-men no longer stands for “government.” It stands for “grifter.”
Maybe the most representative, absurd, and vile example of the FBI's manufacturing process is the case of the Newburgh Four, particularly its “ring leader,” 45-year-old James Cromitie. A former crack dealer and drug addict, Cromitie, a prison convert to Islam, stocked shelves at a Walmart and once told “a psychiatrist that he heard and saw things that weren't there.” He was by all accounts a middle-aged loser until he met FBI superinformant Shahed Hussain, a con man and accused murderer. Only Hussein, known as Maqsood, could turn a beaten-down dog like Cromitie into a jihadi werewolf.
Hussain told Cromitie he was a rich importer from Pakistan, and he exploited Cromitie's anti-Semitism to draw him into a plot that would eventually coalesce into targeting two synagogues in the Bronx and military planes flying from Stewart Air National Guard Base. But it was clear that Cromitie, and the three incompetent Muslim converts he recruited, had no ideological motivation to carry out the attacks. Rather, it was money. Hussain offered Cromitie $250,000 to carry out the attack, paid his rent many times during the sting operation, and promised to buy him a barbershop. On May 20, 2009, Cromitie, his three accomplices and Hussain waiting in the getaway car, placed three bombs in three cars rented by the FBI outside two synagogues. FBI-led law enforcement swooped in, and eventually all four were found guilty of various terrorism-related crimes.
At the four's sentencing hearing the judge admitted what was plainly obvious, particularly about Cromitie. “I suspect that real terrorists would not have bothered themselves with a person who was so utterly inept,” said U.S. District Judge Colleen McMahon. “Only the government could have made a terrorist out of Mr. Cromitie, whose buffoonery is positively Shakespearean in scope.” Drawing on the cliché “One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter,” Aaronson has a new formulation for these post-9/11 stings: “One man's terrorist is another man's fool.” Hussain profited off of all this. His work creating the Newburgh Four netted him $96,000 from the FBI. His “performance incentive,” or bonus, for the four's successful prosecution has never been revealed. Some people earn bonuses selling toxic mortgages; others earn it by sending dupes through the prison gates.
To demonstrate to skeptical readers that these practices are the rule rather than the exception, Aaronson lays out example after example of CIs, like Hussain, aggressively trying to coax Muslim Americans into carrying out terrorism plots. His message: Something has gone radically wrong inside the FBI. “Since 9/11, Shahed Hussain and informants like him have become one of the Bureau's most valuable commodities in the war on terrorism — aggressive men indentured to the FBI who are willing to do anything to take down their targets and who also have the ability to ‘play the part' of terrorists in front of hidden cameras and microphones,” Aaronson writes. “This ability to betray others for personal gain, however, reveals a dark aspect to the FBI's use of informants; namely, that the best informants are also those who tend toward criminal behavior themselves.” Other CIs, Aaronson documents, have been convicted of armed robbery and dealing drugs. One allegedly continued selling drugs while on the FBI payroll. Inside the bureau, Aaronson reports, agents and officials believe only criminals can catch other criminals. The FBI justifies the program's moral compromises with a serious-sounding saying: “To catch the devil, you have to go to hell.” The Obama administration is along for the ride: the FBI's use of CIs has increased since the professor of constitutional law took up residence at the White House, Aaronson notes.
Myth of the lone wolf
One area, however, where Aaronson's book is deeply flawed is in his discussion of lone-wolf terrorism. Despite his skepticism of FBI sting tactics, Aaronson accepts uncritically that certain people are lone wolves, even when that conceptually makes no sense. For instance, he describes failed Times Square bomber Faisal Shahzad as a lone wolf even though he traveled to Pakistan, received training from Tehrik-i-Taliban, and then returned home to carry out his atrocity. Aaronson does the same, absurdly, with Najibullah Zazi, who also traveled to an al-Qaeda camp in Pakistan for explosives training and conspired domestically with two high-school friends to carry out suicide bombings inside the New York City subway system in September 2009. Describing lone-wolf terrorism isn't an academic matter; it has serious real-world consequences for counterterrorism policing.
As Aaronson points out, the FBI argues CIs are a critical tool for drawing out into the open these lone wolves that hide in the hard-to-penetrate forests of Muslim-American communities. The bureau and other federal law-enforcement and intelligence agencies also hype the threat of lone wolves to argue for new widespread powers to monitor electronic communications and thus supposedly identify radicalized individuals and stop them before they strike. Simply put, if a lone wolf is disrupted through an FBI sting using undercover agents and CIs, then that person is no longer a lone-wolf terrorist. The whole rationale behind lone-wolf terrorism is to carry out an attack without having to worry that your accomplices are in law enforcement. By failing to understand that, Aaronson seems to concede that lone-wolf terrorism is a terrible threat. It's not: it's a drop of blood in the lake of violent crime Americans bathe in each year. By not recognizing that, Aaronson inadvertently makes the FBI's CI tactics, and the more dangerous push for increasingly robust electronic-surveillance and data-mining powers, appear legitimate, because “how else will law enforcement protect us from these monstrous individuals?”
Aaronson also fails to analyze the impact the FBI's counterterrorism tactics — like CIs and widespread surveillance — have had on law enforcement's relationship with Muslim-American communities nationwide. This relationship should be critical to anyone genuinely concerned about stopping homegrown jihadist terrorism. Despite former House Homeland Security Chairman Rep. Peter King's McCarthyesque questioning of Muslim-American loyalty, tips from the Muslim-American community have disrupted about 40 percent of jihadi plots interdicted by law enforcement. In my own reporting I've discovered that Muslim Americans and people who work in these communities no longer trust that they can communicate concern about an individual they know to law enforcement. The fear, as Aaronson so expertly validates, is that law enforcement won't try to divert that individual away from terrorism, but rather will encourage him to sprint down that dark path into the abyss. If Muslim Americans believe that entrapment is law enforcement's preferred method of dealing with potential radicals who have broken no laws within their communities, American law enforcement will be as feared as the foreign secret-police forces that many Muslim-American families fled from. An exploration of the broader impact of the FBI's unethical tactics would have been a welcome addition to a book that at times feels redundant, with Aaronson describing sting after sting.
These minor flaws aside, Aaronson's work shows how the FBI's obsession with jihadi terrorism has led American taxpayers to lavishly fund a counterterrorism program that incinerates the Bill of Rights. The FBI spends about $3 billion annually to protect the country from terrorism. That's big money, which naturally comes with expectations from Capitol Hill. Those expectations create a perverse incentive with authoritarian consequences, Aaronson concludes.
Congress allocates billions to the FBI to find terrorists and prevent the next attack. The FBI in turn focuses thousands of agents and informants on Muslim communities in sting operations that pull easily influenced fringe members of these communities into terrorist plots conceived and financed by the FBI. The Justice Department then labels these targets, who have no capacity on their own to commit terrorist acts and no connections to actual terrorists, as terrorists and includes them in data intended, not only to justify how previous dollars were spent, but also to justify the need for future counterterrorism funding. In the end, the tail wags the dog in a continual cycle.
Hollywood isn't the only American institution that can transform men into monsters to keep the green rolling in.
This article was originally published in the September 2013 edition of Future of Freedom.
Julian Assange and WikiLeaks have tried to disrupt the official American version of reality so perhaps it's a kind of poetic justice for a Hollywood studio to tell the story of WikiLeaks itself. The whistleblowers' website told the public things that those in power would have preferred to keep under wraps. But now they find they have become the story, literally. A documentary and, later this year, a feature movie, have added new versions to the many narratives swirling around Assange and WikiLeaks.
[This article was first published in The Conversation – a topical forum where academe meets journalism]
It's a very 21st century media phenomenon. In a world of information overload, cyber surveillance and digital wars, it's no surprise that the lines between truth and fiction have become even more complex and confused.
This is not entirely new. When we think about the Watergate scandal, in our minds we are probably seeing All The Presidents Men. In reality the work of Bernstein and Woodward helped bring down a corrupt President. But it was Redford and Hoffman in the Hollywood version that made investigative journalism look cool and exciting. Arguably, the reason that the Washington Post story is now a popular benchmark for great political reporting is as many thanks to the drama of the movie as for the impact on US political history. Can Benedict Cumberbatch do the same for Assange?
Assange Furious
WikiLeaks and Assange are already outraged by what they've seen of the movie and have published detailed critiques. They are furious with any version of their lives and work that does not slavishly support everything they do. WikiLeaks might be interested in opening up secrets but they are not really up for a debate about themselves. Some people would be flattered to be subject to a movie which appears to be pretty sympathetic to their cause. But Assange is not that kind of ego.
One of the paradoxes about WikiLeaks is that they are data journalists who deal in facts and yet they have also created a personality cult. Of course they have a strong political ‘bias'. They are increasingly critical of America, for example, while saying little about human rights abuses elsewhere in the world. But while they put out a lot of rhetorical and opinionated commentary, their core trade is in actuality. They reveal what those in power do in the their own words. That's the beauty of leaking. Yet at the same time the idea of WikiLeaks has become synonymous with Assange himself.
This gives them a great strength. He is a clever man and a remarkable character. The blonde hair and the messianic aura have created an iconic image tailor-made for political t-shirts and TV. Yet, it is also a weakness. If you don't like the icon you won't like the cause. If the person becomes vulnerable then the movement they lead is at risk.
Assange As Blair?
In this, Assange is like many of the mainstream politicians he says that he despises. Take Tony Blair. His personality was central to the design of New Labour with its sharp suits, snappy sound-bites and rose logo. His youth, charm and passion for change personified how his government could make Britain more, well, Blairite. Yet by the end of his time in Number 10 Blair embodied the distrust felt for the spin that had taken the UK into what many saw as an illegal war. Regardless of the reality, the persona of Blair had become a liability for Labour to the extent that even the dour Gordon Brown was seen as a better option. It's quite possible that the portrayal of Blair by Michael Sheen and the caustic Robert Harris' book and film all helped reinforce this personal rise and fall.
Assange has done nothing to prevent the cult of personality that has grown up around him. No-one else gets to share the limelight. He wants total control over how WikiLeaks messages to the world. But of course, he can't control how the world talks about WikiLeaks. The fact is that everyone has their own WikiLeaks. To the US State Department sees it as an illegal enemy of the state. Millions around the world see it as a force for freedom. Some say it's a political campaign, though others, including myself, see it as new hybrid form of journalism.
Now the film Fifth Estate promises to take these narratives and put them into a fictional setting. Of course, it is just another version of ‘the truth'. It will add to the myth-making around WikiLeaks, just as The Social Network bolstered the legend of Mark Zuckerberg. But this is how people and events of significance become part of our history. We have imagined pasts as well as futures. It is a massive compliment to Assange and WikiLeaks that it gets so much attention for what is still a relatively small and short-lived enterprise that teeters on the edge of oblivion as we speak. Assange is cooped up in an Embassy with both the US and Swedes looking to extradite him for quite different reasons. Sex, lies and leaked CD Roms have created a story that is certainly stranger than fiction.
You can read my version of WikiLeaks in this book, WikiLeaks: news In The Networked Era
Last January 2017, the World Bank launched TCdata360 (tcdata360.worldbank.org/), a new open data platform that features more than 2,000 trade and competitiveness indicators from 40+ data sources inside and outside the World Bank Group. Users of the website can compare countries, download raw data, create and share data visualizations on social media, get country snapshots and thematic reports, read data stories, connect through an application programming interface (API), and more.
The response to the site has been overwhelmingly enthusiastic, and this growing user base continually inspires us to develop better tools to increase data accessibility and usability. After all, open data isn't useful unless it's accessed and used for actionable insights.
One such tool we recently developed is data360r, an R package that allows users to interact with the TCdata360 API and query TCdata360 data, metadata, and more using easy, single-line functions.
Why R?
R has been rising in popularity among researchers, economists, journalists and data scientists for the past several years, and data360r would allow the growing R community to easily access and analyze trade and competitiveness open data.
Source: Robinson, D. (2017, May 9). Introducing Stack Overflow Trends.
Retrieved from StackOverflow Blog
Not an expert R user? No need to worry! We made this R package easy-to-use to empower the entire gradient of R users – from the beginners to the experts. No need to find, download, and transform data from different sites and complex formats anymore. All this work is already done for you.
Why use data360r?
Here are four main reasons why you will benefit from using data360r:
1. Command-line access to a unified source of trade and competitiveness data. No need to spend hours researching and compiling data from different sites anymore! TCdata360 has over 2000+ trade and competitiveness indicators from 40+ different sources.
For example, you can quickly generate complex charts such as these using R with TCdata360 indicator data and country metadata:
2. Easy, single-line query for TCdata360 data, metadata, and resources. This is great news, especially for our casual users who are unfamiliar with APIs. This package does all the grunt work of interacting with our TCdata360 API for you!
For example, you can quickly generate the list of all available indicators on TCdata360 together with their metadata:<
> df <- get_metadata360(site='tc', metadata_type = 'indicators')
3. Built-in search function for indicators, datasets, and countries. This is very useful for users researching on a specific topic, or exploring our vast number of indicators and data sources. Downloading the data you need just needs few lines of code.
For example, you can quickly search for the top TCdata360 indicator related to "woman business".
> search_360("woman business", search_type="indicator", limit_results = 1) Output: id name slug type score redirect dataset 1 90 Can a married woman register a business in the same way as a married man? marry.reg.biz indicator 0.1333333 FALSE Women, Business and the Law
4. Returns easy-to-use tables as outputs. Our API provides data in JSON (JavaScript Object Notation), which may not be a friendly format for all users. data360r converts these into a wide or long table format for you – perfect for exporting to and analyzing in Excel for beginners, or doing exploratory data analysis directly in R for experts.
JSON response generated via API:
Dataframe generated via data360r:
That's just the tip of the iceberg. If you're interested to install and read more on data360r or see data360r in action, you can read some helpful data360r use cases with step-by-step examples using just a few lines of R code here: https://tcdata360.worldbank.org/tools/data360r
Conclusion: What's Next?
data360r opens up greater accessibility to Trade and Competitiveness open data for all types of users, ranging from beginner to the advanced R users. The single-line R-based data queries and built-in search function allow quick and easy implementation of different activities ranging from report generation to exploratory data analysis, ultimately contributing to package usability and user-friendliness.
Of course, this is just the beginning. Towards the overarching goal of increasing user engagement, we will continue to improve on the data360r package for better usability, and hopefully create similar wrappers for Python and Stata to widen our net to the bigger developer community in the near future.
These improvements complement existing R packages we've developed internally, such as the ReportGenerator360 (see https://github.com/asRodelgo/reportGenerator360) which generates the thematic country snapshots (e.g., Entrepreneurship and Tourism) published on the site, as well as the TCdatascoper (see https://alberto-sanchez-rodelgo.shinyapps.io/datascoper/), a cloud visualization that groups countries according to the main TCdata360 indicators across time. Both innovations are always up-to-date by pulling the latest data from the TCdata360 API.
We hope this blog provides new and better ideas to improve on TCdata360 and its tools. We definitely need more and better data for sure and that is why we have started a Data Science page in TCdata360. Check it out!
If you have ideas or questions for TCdata360, if you've tried out the data360r package, or if you've spotted any bugs, we'd be more than happy to see your findings and get your feedback! Drop us a message at [email protected], or tweet with the hashtag #tcdata360.
The conclusions and opinions expressed in this blog do not represent the views of the World Bank Group.
Over the weekend, D.C. United announced an unusually large group of trialists. Normally the Black-and-Red bring in around four or five players at this stage of the preseason. This year, though, there are nine trialists training with United over the next couple of weeks. Throw in United's unsigned draft picks, and you have eleven players battling for a contract offer from a team that only has four open roster spots.
These players don't all have an even chance of making the squad though. Some play positions that appear to be comfortably staffed; others simply do not have the sort of playing background that would indicate that they are ready for MLS. Still others will see their odds decreased by the fact that they would take up an international roster spot. We'll start with the long shots, and move on towards players that have a decent shot at getting a deal.
United's total number of forwards - or at least, players who are a forward more than they are anything else - is down one thanks to Jairo Arrieta's departure. That would explain adding two forwards to the preseason roster, but it has to be said that both Andrea Mancini and Constantine Kolokotronis appear to have the longest odds of being signed by United. Neither player has a resume that inspires confidence.
Both players have a similar background: Lower division soccer in countries that aren't exactly big powers right now (Hungary for Mancini, Greece for Kolokotronis). Both have been free agents for a while, which is unusual for players in their early 20s. Kolokotronis has an edge thanks to his dual Greek-US citizenship, but unless either of these two is the rare sort of player that has somehow gone under-appreciated by multiple clubs and just needs United to show some faith in them, these two are the longest of long shots.
We're going to add United's draft picks into this piece, which means we have to discuss Paul Clowes. If Clowes counted as a domestic player in MLS, he'd actually have a pretty decent chance of making the club. Unfortunately for the Manchester City youth product, he'd take up an international roster spot. A further dent in his chances is the fact that United has two other international defensive midfielders looking for a contract that either have CONCACAF Champions League experience (Ariel Rodriguez) or MLS and national team experience (Kevan George).
Santiago Dittborn is going to run into a similar road block. United already has at least four wide midfielders on the roster (or five, if you have started to think of Conor Doyle as a defensive wide player first and forward second) as well as the option of using Chris Rolfe there. Dittborn's background with Chilean powerhouse Universidad Catolica is promising, but unless Ben Olsen has decided that Nick DeLeon is going to be playing half of his minutes as a central midfielder, it's hard to see where Dittborn fits into the roster without someone else being cut loose.
Paolo Tornaghi is one of the two goalkeepers on trial, and it would be fairly surprising if he ended up earning a contract ahead of Chris Konopka. However, I'd hasten to add that the main reason for skepticism about Tornaghi is just that he hasn't played many MLS games. It's not really his fault that he got stuck backing up David Ousted, who is the only GK in MLS that can realistically call himself a peer of Bill Hamid's in terms of overall ability. His odds are only lower than Konopka's based on experience.
United's last pick in the draft, Liam Doyle, has a puncher's chance of getting a contract. Bobby Boswell is about to turn 33, and Steve Birnbaum has at least some kind of chance of playing in the Copa America Centenario. Kofi Opare is also working towards being eligible to play for Canada, who would welcome him with open arms. In other words, United could find center backs scarce this season at times, and the other options include Markus Halsti - who is needed elsewhere - and maybe Sean Franklin (who hasn't played center back outside of emergencies since he was a rookie). Doyle would have gone a round or two sooner if he counted as a domestic player, and he has the potential to play in MLS.
Going back to the defensive midfield battle, Rodriguez is an intriguing prospect. He played well against United in the CCL last year, and in losing Perry Kitchen the Black-and-Red really lost their best option in receiving the ball from the back four in possession. Rodriguez happened to do that very well for Alajuelense last year. However, I have doubts about his mobility; he's less of a runner and more of a player that trusts his positioning to get the job done. United needs someone who can cover ground alongside Halsti, and Rodriguez might run into the same awkwardness Kitchen had in pairing with the Finn.
Kevan George spent a couple of seasons with Columbus, but could never crack a very good starting central midfield. However, he has pushed his way into a starting role for Trinidad & Tobago as an Occam's Razor sort of midfielder. Simplicity for defensive midfielders is a good quality to have, and George's MLS experience makes him an interesting possibility. The downside? In games I've seen at least, he's also a little too similar to Halsti in playing style.
One player who doesn't have that problem is Paul Torres, the former DCU academy product and Maryland Terrapin who is on trial after a couple of years in Sweden and Norway. Torres was always an energetic player at Maryland, though he is as much a right midfielder as he is a central player. A dual citizen - he's Venezuelan-American - Torres has the added advantage of not taking an international spot. He will need to show significant improvement in terms of his use of the ball during his time in Scandinavia to make this roster, though.
Due to the logjam in the midfield, Rob Vincent has maybe the best chance of any of the players requiring an international roster spot. Vincent scored 18 goals last year with the Pittsburgh Riverhounds mostly playing as a wide midfielder in their 4231 formation. The role was flexible, though, and Vincent spent time as a forward or on the right as well. It's perhaps more instructive to think of him as an attacker than as a wide midfielder.
With United needing another forward, and Vincent finding his way onto the scoresheet so often, it wouldn't surprise me to see the Englishman land a spot on United's roster. His play off the ball would fit in nicely with any of the club's current forwards, and he could play on either flank in the event United needs a goal off the bench.
We've talked about Konopka already, and at the moment he seems to be the most likely signing. A 6'5" presence in the box who have won praise for his organizational chops, Konopka would be very stern competition for Andrew Dykstra heading into the season. There's a hint of "late bloomer" around the 30 year old, who bounced around MLS before having his best season as a pro last year for TFC. He might not be a spectacular shot-stopper, but in Hamid's absence United might prefer someone known for his communication and stability.
CLOSE A rally in Wilmington's Judy Johnson Park by the #302gunsdown group hopes to raise awareness to gun violence. 9/20/15
Buy Photo A rally at Judy Johnson Park in Wilmington hoped to draw attention to gun violence. (Photo: DAMIAN GILETTO/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo
WILMINGTON Hundreds turned out Sunday to share a message of peace, calling for an end to deadly violence in the city.
More than 300 people gathered at Judy Johnson Park at Second and Clayton streets in the first hours of the “302 Guns Down Benefit & Concert.”
Hundreds more were expected for the separately planned “March for a Culture of Peace,” a second-annual event with step-off at 3:30 p.m. at Cool Spring Park for a walk through West Center City.
“Today, we put down our guns and let our ripple effect go throughout the city,” emcee Iz Balleto told the crowd at the earlier event, which began at noon and runs to 5 p.m.
Event organizer Michaelena DeJesus, who lives across from Judy Johnson Park, said, “Eventually, we want this to be a national day of peace.”
The name, “302 Guns Down,” was coined by a student at Parkway Academy in Wilmington, she said. Although she is not part of that group, she said, she partnered with the academy to present the peace program.
Although the park event and “March for a Culture of Peace” were separately planned, she said, “next year, we'll be together.”
Mayor Dennis P. Williams said he was “so impressed” by DeJesus, her enthusiasm and her plans for the event, he decided the city would co-sponsor the event and waive all fees instead of just providing a grant.
“It's a good idea,” Williams said. “I wish we had 1,000 people like her.”
Kids filled two bounce houses, while others climbed into a city fire truck and a happy line formed for face-painting. Information areas included tables for the Job Corps, Delaware Air National Guard, Westside Family Healthcare, Cease Violence Wilmington and other groups and businesses giving out a variety of freebies, including haircuts.
Ronald J. Brown, supervisor and hospital responder for nonprofit Cease Violence Wilmington, stood by one park gate with a member of the Guardian Angels group in a trademark red beret. Its wearer, Dwight Snead of Wilmington's Browntown neighborhood, said he is one of the group's new recruits in the city.
Both smiled as they looked out over the crowd, with Brown saying, “It's a great event.”
On a stage, performers ranged from the youth dance group Divine Divas to adult rappers, with DJ Butta Fingaz also getting the crowd going with music such as Silentó's summer's sizzler, “Watch Me (Whip/Nae Nae).”
At a cookout corner, the city's Parks and Recreation team served up free lunches of hamburgers, hot dogs, chips and beverages, with the “Dream Team” of Bendall Barnes and Maurice Hollis Sr. working the grill.
“It's an honor and privilege to be of service,” Hollis said.
Although the tone of the gathering was upbeat, the heartbreak caused by the violence the event aimed to reduce was present as well.
“Anything like this is good for the kids,” said Tondra Mangrum, whose face betrayed her mourning. Her son Jamar Kilgoe, 30, of Wilmington, was shot to death Feb. 16 at the Rose Hill Community Center near New Castle.
Since his unsolved killing, she said, have been the murders of her nephew, Raekwon Mangrum, 19, of Wilmington, repeatedly shot April 4 in the 200 block of N. Monroe St., and her son's best friend James Darryl Rogers, 29, killed July 23 in his Fourth Street home.
Mangrum's family also attended, with one of his brothers, 14-year-old Donald Mangrum, carrying a giant R covered with his photos.
“I feel like the city failed me,” said Raekwon's mother, Markita Mangrum. “I just came to show my face.” She, her son's stepmother Tamika Mangrum, and his brothers, also including Davon Lloyd, 7 and Derris Lloyd, 10, all wore memorial T-shirts – as did Tondra Mangrum.
Although arrests have been made in the shootings of Mangrum and Rogers, Kilgoe's mother said she waits every day for news in his unsolved killing.
Elsewhere in the park sat Lynette Williams, who has been waiting even longer. Her brother Vaughn Williams, was found shot to death in his car at Third and Madison streets on March 1, 1998.
Williams sat quietly holding signs about his unsolved killing and three others in the city, one of them the year before her brother's.
She admits she has grown tired of waiting and is heartbroken not only by her brother's absence but also by the gun violence in the city costing so many more young lives in recent years.
With the city apparently unable to control the problem, Lynette Williams said, “It's time for them to do something, time for Washington, D.C., to come up here.”
The most important question people should ask themselves and each other about every killing in the city – solved and unsolved – is a simple one, she said: “What if it was your child?”
Contact robin brown at (302) 324-2856 or rbrown@delawareonline.com. Find her on Facebook and follow her on Twitter @rbrowndelaware.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1F9uNT5
"Interdiction is critically important to increase the cost and reduce accessibility of opioids," write former Centers for Disease Control chief Thomas R. Frieden and Brandeis University's Andrew Kolodny in a new paper for the Journal of the American Medical Association. "As with tobacco and alcohol, if heroin and illicitly produced synthetic opioids such as fentanyl are more expensive and more difficult to obtain, use should decrease."
But we don't need to extrapolate from alcohol and tobacco policies to figure out what a heroin shortage would do to consumption. The United Kingdom and Australia both experienced heroin droughts in the last decade and a half. It would be wise to look at what happened in those countries before ramping up interdiction efforts in the U.S.
How Heroin Users in the U.K. Responded to the 2010–2011 Heroin Shortage
From October 2010 to January 2011, heroin purity dropped and prices increased across most of Europe, due to a constellation of factors that ranged from fungal infections in Afghanistan's poppy fields to interdiction efforts in Europe. As a result of the reduced supply, heroin prices in the U.K. more than doubled, from £17,000 per kilogram in early 2010 to £40,000 per kilo a year later. At the street level, heroin purity plummeted from around 35 percent pre-drought to 13 percent at the end of the shortage. Basically, wholesale heroin buyers were diluting their product with cutting agents—some of them inert, some of them toxic—in an attempt to maintain their profit margins.
What happened to users? Mandatory drug testing revealed a large drop in positive heroin tests, from 45 percent before the drought to 21 percent in January 2011. While less heroin meant less heroin use, it didn't mean less risky drug consumption. According to surveys conducted by researchers at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, many users continued to inject drugs sold as heroin. Several users reported an increase in tissue damage caused by cutting agents, leading to infections and loss of limbs. Others reported severe memory loss lasting several days. Some users realized they weren't buying heroin and adopted "indigenous harm reduction strategies," such as alternating injections with smoking in hopes of reducing the odds of infection.
Other users simply switched to crack cocaine, often in conjunction with depressants, such as benzodiazepines and alcohol. The researchers write that one heroin user "drank 20-30 cans of high strength alcohol beer a day for the duration of the shortage—a practice which he was unable to cease post-drought and subsequently describe[s] as more problematic than his heroin use." The transition to alcohol is particularly noteworthy, considering that intravenous drug users are at higher risk for hepatitis c, which is in turn exacerbated by excessive alcohol consumption.
Many of the heroin users surveyed by the London School researchers were also participating in methadone treatment. As in the U.S., it was not uncommon pre-draught for users to sell their methadone in order to buy heroin. Illicit methadone selling all but disappeared during the drought as users needed the drug to stave off withdrawal symptoms. The U.K.'s experience suggests that reducing heroin and fentanyl importation to the U.S. (a longshot, considering the resources Washington currently expends on such efforts) without an accompanying increase in access to medication-assisted therapy would lead to disastrous unintended consequences. (Frieden and Kolodny, to their credit, call for dramatically expanding access to methadone and buprenorphine for people with opioid use disorders.)
How Heroin Users Reacted to the Australian Heroin Shortage of 2000–2001
Australia's heroin shortage, which began around Christmas in 2000, is probably the most studied drug drought of the last century. As in the U.K., heroin use dropped, but with a slew of adverse consequences that make it difficult to declare it a win for public health.
According to a 2003 report published by the Australian Institute of Criminology and the New South Wales Bureau of Crime Statistics and Research, heroin prices during the shortage increased dramatically for quantities of half a gram and a gram, but only mildly for a quarter gram or less. Users who preferred to purchase quantities of a quarter gram or less told researchers that the drugs were heavily diluted with cutting agents. The Australian government's drug survey confirmed that purity during the drought decreased from approximately 62 to 51 percent. Meanwhile, the price for a single gram of pure heroin increased 112 percent.
At the user level, researchers looked at trends in New South Wales, Australia's most populous state. From July 2000 to June 2001, overdoses plummeted 74 percent in Cabramatta, a suburb of Sydney with the highest rate of heroin use, and 53 percent in New South Wales overall. Drug arrests in Cabramatta declined 64 percent during the drought. Among users who purchased heroin by the gram, median weekly expenditures declined from $550 to $350.
That may sound like a success, but as in the U.K. many users simply found other ways to get high. Of the 56 percent of survey respondents who said they began using other drugs during the heroin shortage, 79 percent substituted cocaine, 33 percent substituted cannabis, 30 percent substituted benzodiazepines, and 17 percent substituted amphetamines. Positive urine tests for cocaine also increased dramatically during this period. Intravenous drug users who began using more cocaine said that they had taken the drug on 90 of the previous 100 days. Prior to the drought, the figure had been 12 days out of 100.
Most troublingly, the Australian drought led to an increase in robberies and other property crimes. Forty-nine percent of respondents told researchers that they had committed crime to support their habits. During the drought, 42 percent said, they committed more crimes to compensate for increased prices. Arrest data confirmed that there were upticks in robbery and in breaking and entering at the height of the drought.
That increase didn't last. The researchers offer several possible explanations for this; the most compelling is that the shift from depressants to stimulants "caused former heroin users to engage in behaviour that brought them to police attention more frequently," and they were quickly arrested and incarcerated. This might also explain why drug possession arrests dropped over the same period even as many heroin users continued buying and consuming illegal substances.
The Australian researchers concluded that demand for heroin is price-elastic, but that isn't necessarily true for America in the era of fentanyl, which is easy to import, harder to interdict, and much more potent in small doses. And it's definitely belied by the number of users who substituted other substances, both in the U.K. and Australia. While substitution may suggest elasticy in heroin prices, the infrequency with which users become completely sober suggests that drug use itself is inelastic. An interdiction strategy that might work for heroin, which comes from only four regions on the planet, won't work for a synthetic drug that can be shipped in small, undetectable packages. And without a nationwide expansion of evidence-based treatment programs, interdiction will do very little to prevent heroin users from substituting with alcohol, which is uniquituous and cheap.
With strong rumours linking Borussia Mönchengladbach's Granit Xhaka with a big money move to Arsenal, some connoisseurs of English football have already expressed concerns over the quality of the Swiss deep-lying playmaker.
Gary Lineker said via Twitter that Xhaka is "twice as expensive and half as good" as Leicester's N'Golo Kante, claiming he watched Xhaka "a lot". Apart from the matter of fact that Kante and Xhaka are totally different players – on the one hand the aggressive Frenchman, an energetic ball winner – on the other hand Xhaka, who prefers to navigate the game from a deeper position, there is one man who probably wouldn't agree with Lineker in this particular case.
Sport Witness talked to former Bayern Munich player Thorsten Fink, who discovered Xhaka at FC Basel in 2010, whilst he was manager of the Swiss club.
"I started to use Granit in the first team at the age of 17. The first thing I noticed was his huge self-confidence. This is probably still his greatest strength. That attribute combined with his left foot, his size and his vision makes him a very special player," recollects Fink, 48, who later went on to coach Hamburg SV and is currently on Austria Vienna's payroll.
"He is a young player, but still a leader on and off the pitch – a quality very hard to find. I can't praise Granit highly enough. If he continues with the hard work, he is going to be a great player."
Fink is clearly proud of his former protégée and went on to explain "I'm happy that I had him as a player. We had a good time together, it's not a coincidence that I introduced him at the age of 17. He is a fearless, classy player."
Fink used to play in defensive midfield for Bayern Munich, winning a bagful of trophies, so he's speaking with some authority and knows what it takes for success at the highest level.
Well aware of the rumours linking the 23 year old with Arsenal, Fink remembered a special Champions League night in 2011, when Basel exasperated Sir Alex Ferguson's Manchester United.
"When we took that 3-3 draw from Manchester United back in 2011, Granit was one of the few players in the dressing room who where gutted, even though it was a fantastic result for Basel. It shows what Granit wants to achieve. He wants everything and is never satisfied. A great player, every coach wants to have this in his team."
Xhaka introduced himself on that Tuesday night on the biggest stage of European football. One year later, in 2012, Borussia Mönchengladbach signed him for approximately £7m. Now Xhaka is ready for the next step, with a move to Arsenal imminent, according to German media.
Perhaps it's the next logical step for a young footballer who wants it all, and one which would no doubt leave Fink even prouder of the boy he threw into Basel's team at just 17.
Fabian Zerche.
What is normal? Well, according to the Merriam-Webster's Dictionary, normal is defined as usual or ordinary; not strange. In the same definition, Merriam-Webster's adds normal is a representation of mental and physical health.
In the concept of society, normal is defined relatively the same. Normal is largely based on how a person's behaviour and appearance conforms with social standards. You are either "normal" and you fit into society or you are "not normal" and therefore do not. Until recently I placed little thought on the definition of normal and the injustice it serves for many members of our society.
It may be because I've been exposed to the sensitive nature of human normality, but I find fault in Merriam-Webster's Dictionary defining normal by the mental and physical health of human beings. There is also fault in our society in the way we judge each other and categorize one another based on social norms. We live in a world that is so complex and filled with great difference. Differences that should be embraced and used as inspiration for kindness, generosity and understanding. A world where the term "abnormal" should only be used as a term to indicate results in medicine, not to define a human being. Even more so, not to define a fetus in limbo of a diagnosis.
It was only three weeks ago when my husband and I had our twelve week ultrasound with our first child. I watched my husband light up as he looked at the little life we created on a black and white screen. I clenched my husband's hand with excitement, awing at our tiny baby's nose. Little did I know I would rely on that hand only days later to be clenched as a result of panic and fear. In the days that would follow, we would anxiously be seated in our doctor's office awaiting results we never anticipated to hear -- that our baby had an abnormality.
The words used to describe this abnormality were as complex and scientific as they come. In medical terms, our baby had a thickened nuchal translucency. In more common terminology, the condition placed our baby at higher risk for genetic differences such as Downs Syndrome, and congenital heart defects. As quickly as the words left the tip of my doctors tongue, the tears were streaming down my face. I locked my eyes on my husband and plowed through an entire box of Kleenex as our doctor explained the tests we would have to undergo, doctors we would need to see and risks of our pregnancy. There were few words that stuck with me during that conversation.
We were sent home with a copy of our ultrasound. The top of the paper stamped with urgent in big, red, block letters, and the bottom of the ultrasound using the word abnormal to define our little 12 week baby.
In the days that would follow I would search the Internet to find expectant parents in a similar situation. To my surprise baby forums were flooded with parents whose baby had the same abnormality. The majority of mother's discussed the tremendous amount of heartache they went through, only to find out that their baby would be born "normal."
From the few people we shared this heartbreaking news with, many wished us well and hoped that our baby would be born "normal" rather than healthy -- and each time someone wished our baby be born normal, my heart ached. In one sense, I understood that their intentions were well-meant, but in another sense it was clear that if my child was born with physical or mental differences, my child would not fit into society's definition of normal. In combination with the serious complications and medical issues that come along with Downs Syndrome, society viewing my child as "not normal" was not something I was ready to accept.
A team of genetics counselors prepared us for the worst possible outcome. We were forced to place value on the life of our child, and the value they would have in our world. I continued to imagine our little baby, who my husband and I created through love. A baby with innocence and purity. A baby who I loved without even meeting and continued to love despite the differences he or she may have.
After a grueling two weeks our baby's DNA testing came back low risk for trisomy related chromosome conditions. Before we had a chance to breathe a sigh of relief, we were told a second abnormality was found and we would require further genetic testing. My heart aches for my husband and I as we face this new path of unknown, but my heart also aches for the families who will become the statistics we fear. The family who will have to integrate their beautiful child into a society with a closed definition of normal.
If you know a family member, friend or coworker in a similar case of limbo, please do not tell them you hope their baby is born normal. Rather, substitute normal with the word healthy. It may seem like a small request to make but it means a world of difference to the people living this situation. The word normal is a shitty reminder that it's not just good enough to be born healthy.
NewsHomosexuality
March 17, 2017 (LifeSiteNews) — As the Disney Corporation experiments with a “gay” subplot in its remake of Beauty and the Beast, the recent ratings flop of an ABC miniseries extolling “gay rights” confirms that Americans are not tuning in to pro-LGBTQ programming.
With great fanfare, ABC launched its “epic” miniseries, When We Rise, about the “gay rights” revolution. As Heatstreet reported, “When We Rise received saturation ad coverage during the Oscars ahead of its premiere this week.”
But the hype didn't work and the show tanked from the first episode (the four-part miniseries totaled eight hours). Deadline reported on When We Rise's disappointing debut:
“It was a noble effort, but viewers largely shunned it, with the opening two hours averaging a paltry 0.7 in 18-49 and 3 million viewers coming off the strong Bachelor lead-in. “When We Rise was the lowest-rated program on the Big 4 [CBS, NBC, ABC, FOX] and second lowest-rated overall last night, matching the CW's Supergirl (0.7, even with last week). The CW's Jane The Virgin (0.3) was off by a tenth.”
The Advocate, a magazine for homosexuals, described When We Rise as “a sprawling tale of queer liberation that covers the Stonewall riots to marriage equality to the transgender rights battle.” The ABC series was directed by “out” homosexual Dustin Lance Black and featured Rachel Griffiths, Guy Pearce, Mary-Louise Parker, David Hyde Pierce, and other stars.
Later, the The Advocate bemoaned the lack of interest in LGBTQ programs in general:
“On Monday [Feb. 27], ABC made television history by airing When We Rise, the first installment of a miniseries by Dustin Lance Black that documents the progress of the LGBT rights movement. The timing couldn't have been better. Just days after the Trump administration rescinded education guidelines protecting transgender students, this production was a moving reminder of the need for different vulnerable groups to work together for equality. “Did you watch it? Probably not. The ratings were the lowest among the big four networks during the 9 p.m. Monday time slot, despite having a star-studded cast, opening to positive reviews, and following ratings juggernaut The Bachelor. When We Rise pulled in just 2.95 million viewers; that was less than sitcoms like CBS's Superior Donuts and Two Broke Girls.”
The homosexual magazine was reduced to urging its readers to start watching When We Rise, as well as Oscar Best Picture-winning movie, Moonlight, which features a young “gay” black man “coming out” and a homosexual relationship. As Forbes reported, Moonlight “is among the lowest-grossing Oscar Best Picture winners ever.”
Vanity Fair reported that Moonlight got a sizable post-Oscars “bump” of $2.5 million in sales, but the film still only earned “just over $25 million total at the box office.” Compare that the musical La La Land, which Moonlight defeated to win the Oscar, earning $145 million. Another Oscars Best Picture winner (2016), Spotlight, about The Boston Globe exposing the priestly pedophile abuse of boys in the local Catholic archdiocese, earned $25 million total at the box office.
“Corrosive hatred” and history-defying lies
Catholic League president Bill Donohue said When We Rise is guilty of anti-Catholic bigotry of the usual type put forth by Hollywood elites.
Brent Bozell, president of Media Research Center, agreed, accusing ABC of promoting “corrosive hatred” through the characters in When We Rise:
“On the first night, the main character Cleve Jones tells one of his lovers: ‘I say we just get rid of all the heterosexuals. They're so boring.' “Can you imagine the outcry if a straight character were to say, ‘Let's get rid of all the homosexuals'? This was a formula for a flop. It neither convinced nor converted anyone in the red states. They watched something more honest and less self-righteous.”
Curiously, including “gay liberation” leader Jones' hateful comment is one aspect of the ABC series that accurately reflects homosexual activists' extremist attitudes and rhetoric. For example, “gay” militants once described heterosexuals contemptuously as “breeders.” In contrast, today's establishment LGBT movement champions “gay adoption,” relying on heterosexuals to produce children for “gay parents.”
In the 1970s San Francisco “gay” slang, so common was sex between men and boys that predatory homosexual men (“chickenhawks”) referred lustily to the underage boys (their targets) as “chicken,” according to Gay Talk, a book of “gay slang.” A “chicken dinner” was slang for “sex with a teenager.”
Bozell, in his column, “ABC's Huge Gay Propaganda Flop,” also reports on When We Rise's false narrative — still very popular in “gay” circles today — distorting President Ronald Reagan's policies on AIDS:
“The ‘educational' script [of When We Rise] simply lies, starting with the undying falsehood that President Ronald Reagan never lifted a finger for AIDS victims. In the second installment, one character asks, ‘You think any of those groups are gonna' get Reagan to give a damn?' Another replies, ‘If I didn't know any better, I'd say it's a government plot.' The first man shoots back: 'Yeah. I work for the government. They couldn't pull something this intricate off. Willfully letting it spread ... That's another story.'”
Here's the reality, according to Bozell: “President Reagan's Health and Human Services Secretary Margaret Heckler proclaimed that AIDS was her department's ‘number one priority' in 1983. AIDS funding skyrocketed in the 1980s, almost doubling each year beginning in 1983 — when the media coverage first exploded — from $44 million to $103 million to $205 million to $508 million to $922 million to $1.6 billion in 1988.”
The site NewNowNext writes that while there have been a smattering of shows with homosexual themes that have garnered big audiences (e.g., Modern Family), “the TV landscape is littered with gay-themed shows that bombed.” Some examples: The McCarthys (2015), Partners (2012), The New Normal (2012) and Bravo's Boy Meets Boy (2003).
Lost, Then Found: Shipping Containers On Seafloor
toggle caption Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute
Scientists surveying the bottom of the Pacific Ocean have discovered something they knew was there but had never seen before: a shipping container.
Cargo ships regularly lose these containers overboard — they write them off and collect insurance. But now marine biologists have found one off the coast of California and have decided to study how it may affect sea life. Already, they've discovered that the container has become a new type of habitat on the muddy ocean floor, attracting its own suite of creatures.
That might not pose any problems, but the idea that tens or even hundreds of thousands of containers are down there might.
The investigation started with real needle-in-a-haystack kind of luck. Biologists on a research ship in 2004 were scanning the seafloor in the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary with a robotic submarine. It was mile after mile of mud until, suddenly, the navigator's screen filled with the image of a bright yellow shipping container.
What nobody's really thought of before was the trash that we're leaving across the Pacific and other oceans every time we lose these containers.
Andrew DeVogelaere, a biologist with the sanctuary, is one of the scientists studying it.
"This is a 40-foot-long container, and it landed upside down with one corner stuck into the soft sand muddy bottom," he says.
The scientists who first found it marked its location. Eventually, they tracked the container to the merchant vessel Med Taipei, which had lost 15 containers in a storm off Monterey Bay a few months earlier. The yellow container was one of those.
'Highways Of Trash' In The Oceans?
The law says you can't dump stuff in a marine sanctuary. The sanctuary negotiated and the shipping company agreed to pay for a study of how the container might affect life at the sea bottom.
But what could a single container really do to sea life? Well, DeVogelaere points out that it's not just one container.
"As a matter or course of business, about 10,000 of these containers fall off of a ship every year," he says. That's a rough estimate — no one knows exactly what the number is, but it's clearly in the thousands every year. And they're clustered along shipping lanes that crisscross the oceans.
"What nobody's really thought of before was the trash that we're leaving across the Pacific and other oceans every time we lose these containers, and to drop hard substratum along certain routes could create steppingstones or highways of trash as years accumulate and these things don't really disintegrate," DeVogelaere says.
Effects On The Ecosystem
DeVogelaere recently returned to the site with a robotic submersible and a team from the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute. Submerged now for seven years, the container still looks new, and it has attracted a lot of sea life, like Neptunea, a large sea snail with big shell.
"What we think might be happening," DeVogelaere says, "is that they are attracted to this place to lay their eggs on it, but then there's octopus and large crabs underneath that feed on them, so you have a whole bunch of broken shells as well."
These containers are creating a new kind of habitat, with its own bevy of creatures, in the middle of the seabed. DeVogelaere says no one can say yet if that's bad — the seabed is still a big mystery. But what happens if we "pave" parts of the seabed with containers?
"Who knows?" he says. "They could even provide steppingstones for invasive species that go from one coastal harbor to another."
And containers carry everything, from toxic chemicals to ribbon. The Monterey Bay container appears to be safe, though — according to the shipping company, it's full of radial tires.
Former ESPN college football analyst Ed Cunningham announced he was leaving that role in a New York Times profile last week, saying his decision was because he felt uncomfortable promoting a dangerous sport. That sparked massive waves of discussion across media outlets, with much of the focus on his comments on concussions, CTE, and suicides of former football stars. However, comments Cunningham made that weren't specifically about brain injuries may have provoked the sharpest response.
In that profile, Cunningham said the last straw was calling last December's Outback Bowl and watching the Iowa Hawkeyes leave quarterback C.J. Beathard in during a blowout loss while he was taking significant hits. A week after Cunningham's comments were published, the university has now shot back with a statement from Hawkeyes' head coach Kirk Ferentz, defending his actions and calling Cunningham's comments “surprising and offensive“:
“As a seasoned head football coach and the father of three sons who have played collegiate football, the health and safety of our student-athletes is a top priority of the Hawkeye Football program. We have a strong relationship with the medical staff and medical experts at the University of Iowa. Each player is fully evaluated and all established protocols are followed prior to the decision to play and during the game. Comments made by a retiring sports broadcaster about the coaching staff subjecting a player to possible long-term health related issues because we allowed him to play in the Outback Bowl were surprising and offensive to our coaching staff, the player and his parents. We do not allow a student-athlete to play unless he is medically cleared – that is my commitment to our players and their parents.”
Cunningham specifically referenced watching a hobbled C.J. Beathard stay in the Outback Bowl for Iowa. Ferentz didn't agree with Cunningham's assessment. “I found it offensive a little quite frankly because he wasn't at risk medically,” Ferentz said.
Iowa's statement also includes comments from Beathard's father Casey that the Iowa coaching and medical personnel were “very thorough and diligent in addressing any injury situations.” And Ferentz also discussed this in a press conference Tuesday. Here's what he said there, from Ryan Connors at Land of 10
For reference, here's what Cunningham actually said about Beathard:
The last straw, he said, was working the Outback Bowl in December, when he saw the Iowa quarterback C.J. Beathard hobbled, taking hits and being left in the game until the final two minutes of a 30-3 blowout loss to Florida. Beathard went on to be taken in the third round of the N.F.L. draft by the San Francisco 49ers. The bowl game (“a game that means less than zero,” Cunningham said) still rankles Cunningham. “I know some of the coaches from that team, known them for years,” he said. “And it was hard for me not to walk down after the game and just say: ‘Dudes, what are you doing? Really? What are you doing?' These are just kids.” Cunningham teared up again. “I get emotional,” he said.
It's understandable that Iowa and Ferentz want to push back at comments questioning that decision, but it's notable that Cunningham never said Beathard wasn't medically cleared, or that leaving him in that game was irrevocably going to cause medical issues. Comments from a broadcaster wondering why a quarterback's still in a blowout game are a regular occurrence, especially if the quarterback's taking heavy hits. And Ferentz's “he wasn't at risk medically” seems a bit silly; he presumably means that Beathard had no medical condition going into that game and suffered no obvious medical condition that would necessitate removing him during it, but every player in a football game is at risk medically.
This whole situation is interesting because of the timing and the context. Comments questioning leaving a quarterback in a blowout win or loss are not unusual, from announcers, other media or fans, but they usually don't generate this much blowback from the school, especially not almost a year after the fact. However, it makes sense that Ferentz and Iowa don't like being mentioned as a negative example in a story that's largely about brain trauma in football and its long-term effects (even if there was no specific reference to head injuries in the Beathard quotes), and that they want to push back against it.
This backlash may be somewhat counterproductive in the end, though, especially considering that Iowa's coming out with it over a week after Cunningham's comments. If they'd put this out initially, it would have been discussed in at least some of the coverage of those comments (well, at least in any coverage focusing on Iowa and the Outback Bowl, which honestly wasn't a huge part of that piece or the implications of it.) But that story had already blown up and died down again by Tuesday; it's still remembered and relevant, but it's not top of the college football discussion any more.
This pushback from Ferentz and Iowa adds some fuel to that fire again, and it will definitely get people looking more closely at that Outback Bowl and weighing in on if they agree with Ferentz's use of Beathard or not. By pushing back against this story so late in the game, Iowa's drawn more attention to it. It's understandable that they don't like being associated with a story about head trauma and concussions, but this blowback isn't going to help them disassociate from it.
[The Spun]
You can also find my artworks at:
Chronicles of Elantra Fanart.This is not an illustration. It never happened in the books, but this image was inspired by a song I was listening to whilst reading Cast in Peril. I really loved the Arkon's concern for Kaylin, and I hope to see more of their exchanges in future books.This piece has a rather strange background because of it's 2dimensionality. My second reason for painting this piece came when i was rifling through albums of Vermeer's and Van Eyck's works. I was inspired by the single source of light (window) in Vermeer's works, and the interesting/strange combination of 3dimensional characters, and a 2dimensional flat background in Van Eyck's works. Hence the strange background.The chess pieces almost defeated me. And I thought painting a GO-board was difficult.: My apologies to any chess players seeing this, for the mistake with the chess board. I have played hundreds of GO games, but only twice did I touch a chess board, playing with my grandfather when I was 8. So my knowledge of chess is close to non-existent.
Extra, extra read all about it! The administration that promised to be the most transparent in history uses covert government accounts to keep electronic mail from becoming public, according to a national news conglomerate that reports “the scope of using the secret accounts across government remains a mystery.”
That certainly doesn't keep with President Obama's guarantee of “unprecedented level of openness in government.” Those were his words, quoted by media outlets around the globe, right after taking office. It hasn't quite materialized. In fact, in many ways the Obama administration has been among the more secretive in history or at least in recent times.
Just a few weeks ago Obama's pals in the mainstream media blasted him for failing to deliver on his “campaign promise to make his administration the most transparent in history.” One newspaper even quoted a former FBI special agent who's working to rescind a transparency award given to the president in 2011 by a handful of open-government groups. The administration treats the public like spies and journalists like conspiracists, according to the federal agent.
This week's story will undoubtedly fuel that fire. It comes from the same major news organization that the Obama Justice Department targeted, secretly obtaining phone records of reporters and editors in an apparent effort to pin down the source of a leak. In the course of a lengthy probe, the media outlet uncovered that top Obama political appointees, including at least one cabinet secretary, are using secret government email accounts.
The public will never know the extent of the scheme because most government agencies have refused to provide email addresses for political appointees sought by the news outlet months ago under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). This should be public record, but clearly the administration is hiding something. Adding insult to injury, one federal agency, the Department of Labor (DOL) tried collecting north of $1 million for its list of email addresses! The agency claimed it had to pay 50 people to work three weeks retrieving the records, which include thousands of computer backup tapes.
At least the DOL acknowledged having the files. This excerpt from the story diplomatically explains that it's illegal for government agencies to have a covert method of communicating. “The secret email accounts complicate an agency's legal responsibilities to find and turn over emails in response to congressional or internal investigations, civil lawsuits or public records requests because employees assigned to compile such responses would necessarily need to know about the accounts to search them. Secret accounts also drive perceptions that government officials are trying to hide actions or decisions.”
Judicial Watch encounters these sorts of obstacles regularly in its never-ending work exposing government corruption, which goes hand in hand with secrecy and often forces litigation. The Obama administration has kept JW quite busy and in court often. How bad is the problem? A few years ago JW President Tom Fitton told Congress how, under Obama, government agencies have actually created additional hurdles and stonewalled even the most basic FOIA requests. “The Bush administration was tough and tricky, but the Obama administration is tougher and trickier,” Fitton told lawmakers. Fitton testified before the House and Senate during “Sunshine Week,” a national initiative by the news media, nonprofits and other organizations to promote government transparency.
Oli Scarff/Getty Images Ever get that feeling you're being watched? Well, if you're a dog-owner, you may have a point. Dogs are able to watch people's interactions with one another to determine who holds yummier treats, according to a new study.
This study joins others that show dogs are keen observers of human behaviors and emotions. It offers evidence dogs use information not only from people's direct interactions with them, but also their interactions with one another, a notion that's more controversial.
In the study, dogs watched a man ask two women for some of their cornflakes. Both women gave the man cornflakes when he asked, but in response to one woman, the man enthused about how delicious the cornflakes were. In response to the other woman, he gave the cornflakes back and called them gross (in Spanish; the study was conducted in Argentina). After these interactions, the man left and an assistant holding the dog let the dog go. While many dogs didn't approach either cornflake-munching woman, the dogs that did have a preference tended to prefer the woman with the yummier cereal. Cornflake Experiment — A. A man enthuses about tasty cornflakes from one woman. B. The man turns his back to the "gross" cornflakes from the other woman. C. A dog prefers the woman with the tastier flakes. 2013 Freidin et al./PLOS One Other studies of domestic dogs' people-watching ability have found pups are able to tell the difference between happy and neutral faces in their owners. They prefer people who give others food when asked over people who don't give others food. And in one study, dogs oriented toward crying people more often than toward talking or humming people. When they saw a stranger crying, they sniffed, nuzzled and licked the stranger.
So how much do dogs really understand about the humans around them? That's not totally settled yet. In a weird twist to the Argentine study above, when the researchers tried an experiment in which they put two plates of cornflakes on high pedestals and had a man react to each plate, dogs didn't preferentially approach the tastier plate afterward. You could say dogs watch for the interaction between two people, not just how a person reacts. Yet a previous study found dogs will choose boxes that people reacted to happily, but not boxes people reacted to with a disgusted face.
Well, either way, you can be sure Fluffs is keeping an eye on you, to the best of her ability.
The study was published in the journal PLOS One.
Before Donald Trump overwhelmed the Republican presidential field, the business mogul believed that the nation's economy ran better when Democrats were in control. He spoke favorably of Hillary Clinton as a presidential candidate in 2007. Changing course on specific issues is not uncommon among White House hopefuls. Abandoning one party upon seeing a chance to win the presidency through the other is less common, but not without precedent.
Case in point: 1872, when the Democratic Party took onetime abolitionist mouthpiece Horace Greeley for its standard-bearer. In the wake of the Civil War, Democrats were regrouping, regaining control of state and local governments and waxing enthusiastic about their White House prospects. What they got instead was arguably the worst major party presidential candidate in history.
[ Senate GOP Campaigns Prepare for the Worst: Trump ]
Greeley, editor of The New-York Tribune, helped found the Republican Party in the mid-1850s and supported Abraham Lincoln in 1860. During the Civil War, he was critical of Lincoln's slowness to embrace emancipation. In 1868, he enthusiastically endorsed Ulysses S. Grant for president. That such a man should end up the face of the Democratic Party might have surprised Democrats in 1872, but it could be eerily familiar for conservatives today wondering how their party ended up with a nominee who had previously expressed support for abortion rights, some gun control measures and single-payer health care.
Greeley's Democratic candidacy actually began with a splinter group of high-level Republicans unhappy with Grant's unsteady leadership and corrupt Cabinet. This Liberal Republican group was a loose gathering of strange bedfellows whose opinions ranged from strident support to heated opposition on virtually all issues, notably free trade and enforcement of black civil rights. After six rounds of balloting at their Cincinnati convention that May, Greeley (who hadn't been expected to carry his own state) won with 482 votes; Charles Francis Adams of Massachusetts (a minister to Britain during the war and the son and grandson of U.S. presidents) was a distant second with 187.
This left the Democrats in an unusual position. It made sense to join forces with the Liberal Republicans and swell their numbers above those of the GOP. But Greeley was a bitter pill, famed for the comment, “All Democrats may not be rascals, but all rascals are Democrats.” He had been against slavery before he had been for it, much as he had been on virtually every side of every major national issue over the years. It was a disheartened group of Democratic delegates that convened in Baltimore for the convention in early July, ratifying the Liberal Republican platform and candidate and fleeing town after only six hours. Looking for a bright spot, the Cincinnati Gazette compared Greeley favorably to Grant when it came to cronyism: “Greeley has but one brother-in-law, no father, and his nephews are all nieces.”
Quips don't win campaigns, however; money and organization do. Republican managers hired 300 people to parse every word Greeley had ever published and make hay with the contradictions they found—and they found plenty, as is happening today with Trump. Meanwhile, Greeley threw gasoline on the fire: He reintroduced the idea of peaceful secession and basically declared war on black voters, at one point saying his opposition to slavery “might have been a mistake.”
[ Trump Accepts NRA Endorsement Despite Past Views on Guns ]
Then, in late October, Greeley dropped out of sight. His wife, who had suffered from tuberculosis for much of her life, died Oct. 30, a week before the election.
On Nov. 5, the bars closed and the polls opened. Only six states—Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, and Texas—swung for Greeley. The nation moved on, but Greeley did not. Political defeat on the heels of his wife's death proved too much and he died Nov. 29, before the Electoral College met, still the only presidential candidate with that distinction. He would have received 66 electoral votes.
“He is a liar and the truth is not in him,” James Buchanan's attorney general once said of Greeley. A few years later, Greeley was the nominee of Buchanan's party. “In the context of Donald, outrageous is a high bar,” New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said of Trump, shortly before endorsing him. While there are obviously a great many differences between 1872 and 2016 and between Trump and Greeley, a few similarities reflect the old bromide that if there's anything reassuring about politics, it's that nothing ever changes.
Bicknell is the author of the forthcoming "Justice and Vengeance: Scandal, Honor, and Murder in 1872 Virginia." Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call on your iPhone or your Android.
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. -- Alabama's recruiting footprint stretches across the nation -- and even to the states not connected to the mainland, as the Crimson Tide signed a dual-threat quarterback from Hawaii in its top-ranked class for the 2017 recruiting cycle.
But while Alabama has had success drawing players from its own state, as well as places like Florida, Georgia and Texas, one area the Tide has dominated since Nick Saban arrived in 2007 has been the state of Louisiana. The Crimson Tide has signed 21 players from the Bayou State since 2008.
2008 (1) -- Robby Green
2009 (3) -- Eddie Lacy, Darrington Sentimore, Kenny Bell
2010 (1) -- Cody Mandell
2011 (1) -- Bradley Sylve
2012 (2) -- Landon Collins, Denzel Devall
2013 (2) -- Tim Williams, Raheem Falkins
2014 (4) -- Cam Robinson, Hootie Jones, Cam Sims, O.J. Smith
2015 (1) -- Daylon Charlot
2016 (2) -- Shyheim Carter, Irvin Smith
2017 (4) -- Isaiah Buggs, Devonta Smith, Phidarian Mathis, Christopher Allen
(Make sure you're in the know by signing up for FREE Alabama newsletter!)
That's not including Baton Rouge native Dylan Moses, who transferred to IMG (Bradenton, Fla.) Academy, and blueshirt placekicker Joseph Bulovas, who did not sign scholarship papers. Both were members of Alabama's No. 1-ranked 2017 recruiting class, and both players have ties to Louisiana.
A former head coach at LSU, Saban has routinely dipped into the Tigers' backyard to sign some of their top prospects. Dating back to the 2011 recruiting cycle, the Crimson Tide has had at least one of the top-five players from Louisiana join its program. Sylve was the No. 6-ranked player in 2011.
In some instances, 2012, 2014 and 2017, Alabama received signatures from multiple players in the top 10. So what's the secret behind Saban's success in his old stomping grounds?
Lacy and Bell are both Louisiana natives.
“I think we have been fortunate to get a lot of players in the past who have had success here,” Saban said on National Signing Day. “Eddie Lacy, Tim Williams, Cam Robinson. We've got a few players on our team right now that make a significant contribution from Louisiana.
“And I think when players see other players leave the state to have success it's something that they see as a place where they might go and have success themselves.”
Alabama has been a multifaceted thorn in the Tigers' paws in recent years. LSU has no Power 5 team within its state's borders to compete with in recruiting, unlike Alabama, who battles in-state rival Auburn for the Yellowhammer State's top players each cycle.
The Tide has also won six straight games over LSU since the two met in the 2011 title game in New Orleans. It wasn't the only reason, but Les Miles' inability to beat Saban, whether on the field or the recruiting trail, resulted in his early exit in 2016.
Combine all the success Alabama has had over LSU of late, and it's not difficult to fathom the disdain Tiger fans may have for the Crimson Tide. And sometimes that disdain carries over to the players that choose to leave their home state for Tuscaloosa.
Buggs, a junior college transfer, has experienced that firsthand but chose to benefit from it.
“It's just motivation,” Buggs said. “Every time we get a Louisiana guy to Alabama there's always someone out there says, ‘You let down your home state.' So they don't want to see you succeed. From that point on you have to prove them wrong, that you can succeed anywhere you want.”
Saban has known Louisiana to be a fertile recruiting ground since his time in the NFL, and he's turned that knowledge into results by convincing the state's best players to play for one of LSU's bitterest rivals. That success and overall desire to recruit Bayou State players resonates with the players, too.
“It means a lot, to let everyone know that wherever you're from, Louisiana or whatever, you can come here and play if they recruit you,” Buggs said. “You don't always have to be an LSU guy, go home and play. Do something different for a time or change. So I just came over here to Alabama.”
Alabama's recent signing class tied the 2014 class for the most players from Louisiana to sign with the Tide in the Saban era -- although Moses and Bulovas tips the total to six. And as the head coach enters his 11th year at the helms of the program, that trend has shown no signs of slowing down.
And according to Buggs, the Tigers are missing out on a specific group of athletes.
“We're some dawgs,” Buggs vehemently said on Signing Day. “Everybody knows when Alabama gets some guys from Louisiana, they're some dawgs.”
*** Subscribe to BamaOnLine: Buy 1 month, GET 2 MONTHS FREE ***
Remember a few weeks ago when Diddy announced he was joining the cast of Downton Abbey and everyone said, ‘No way!' and then it kind of happened, albeit via a Funny or Die video? Well, now the Rolling Stones are rumored to be possibly dropping by Downton next season. U.K. paper The Mirror reports Hugh Bonneville is friends with Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood and is trying to get the group to film an appearance. “Obviously they wouldn't play themselves, but they could be a rag-tag bunch of traveling entertainers or even a circus act. It would be such a coup, and fun for the Stones. They really are huge fans of the show,” an anonymous source told the paper.
BOOM! There are so many things to unpack here. Cousin Robert parties with Ronnie? The Stones really watch Downton? Did Mick Jagger cry over Matthew's death? A rep for the show didn't immediately respond to EW's request for confirmation that the Rolling Stones may actually, in real life, be filming a guest spot on Downton. [UPDATE: A rep for the show tells EW it's not true.] But, for fun, let's assume this is totally happening. Below, what we're hoping to see if Mick Jagger and Co. swing by the estate next season.
1.) We already know Carson used to be in a stage show. Like our anonymous tipster friend suggests, perhaps the Stones can be old pals of the butler who show up looking for work. Carson naturally feels scandalized, but once upon a time Keith Richards' character helped him out of a jam, so now Carson is hiding the Stones out in the woodshed. Hilarity ensues.
2.) Cousin Rose enjoys a club or two — and that would be the perfect entrance for the Stones. They could be sleazy promoters at an up-and-coming jazz club Rose frequents. This would allow the Stones to display their musical talents, as well. Imagine the viewer screams if “Start Me Up” gets a roaring 1920s jazz twist.
3.) Thomas — after his issues with James at the end of last season — starts looking outside the estate for satisfaction where he comes upon an old man in town (Ronnie Wood) who gives him some love advice. This would hopefully set up a season 4 that is a bit kinder to Thomas, despite O'Brien's best efforts.
4.) I have just one sentence for you: Robert's old schoolmates are in town…and they've changed. Cora can register some disapproval.
5.) Mick Jagger can play Edith's boyfriend — we already know she has a thing for much older men and it would be nice for the show's resident punching bag to get the last laugh. How would Mary possibly one-up a Stone?
And, this is so obvious it almost goes without saying, but whatever character Mick Jagger is playing needs to have a showdown with the Dowager: “What is a rock-band?”
Erin on Twitter
Read more:
‘NCIS,' ‘Downton Abbey,' ‘Scandal,' ‘Grey's Anatomy': Find out what's next in the Spoiler Room
Diddy goes to ‘Downton Abbey'… in Funny or Die short — VIDEO
Wait, is Diddy actually joining the cast of ‘Downton Abbey'?
‘We are measuring things that were not measured before,' says geophysicist Prof. James Badro of the Paris Institute of Earth Physics, France.
Prof. Badro has been working with colleagues on the DECORE project, backed by the EU's European Research Council (ERC), to understand the composition of the earth's core. The core is thought to be mostly iron, yet analyses of seismic waves suggest that it is not dense enough to be iron on its own.
The best way to understand the precise composition is to replicate the conditions of the core in the lab. That means temperatures of thousands of degrees and pressures of about 100 gigapascals – over a million times the pressure of our atmosphere.
To mimic such conditions, Prof. Bardo and colleagues used a diamond anvil cell – a device that crushes a sample between two diamond tips – which they heated with a laser. They began with two samples in the cell: one made of silicates, like the earth's mantle, and one made of iron.
(Article continues after the image)
Once the samples were crushed and heated to core-like conditions, the researchers used a combination of two techniques – ion-beam microscopy and electron microscopy – to deduce the composition of the resultant alloy.
They found that some of the silicate's elements – vanadium, chromium, nickel and cobalt – seeped into the iron in large quantities, whereas others – silicon and oxygen – only went in a bit. The density of the resultant alloy was just right to explain the type of seismic waves received from the earth's actual core, suggesting that the composition of the alloy was the same as the core.
Data interpretation
In some sense, diamond anvil cells offer an easy route to replicating extreme conditions. But the data is not always easy to interpret.
‘That's what we're really fascinated about, the formation of the earth.' Prof. Dan Frost, University of Bayreuth, Germany
Professor Dan Frost of the University of Bayreuth in Germany says that, in particular, the exact pressure that has been applied to the sample during the experiment is hard to pinpoint. This is important because it is the parameter that corresponds to depth beneath the earth's surface.
Although basic physics says that pressure is the force applied per unit area, the quantity is hard to calculate because some of the force supplied by the diamond tips always ‘leaks' back into the retaining gasket.
As part of another ERC-funded project called DEEP, Prof. Frost and others have pioneered a method to record reliable pressures inside diamond anvil cells. They measured two different parameters – the sample volume and its compressibility – which can be entered into an equation to solve for pressure.
Making these measurements required apparatus that could simultaneously perform two analytical techniques. ‘We had to put it together from bits – it was a custom job,' said Prof. Frost, who recently won a EUR 2.5 million Leibniz Prize from the German Research Foundation for his work.
As a result, Prof. Frost and colleagues managed to draw up a table of how the volume of a sample relates to temperature and pressure. In the future, then, all researchers need to do to find the accurate pressure is to measure the sample volume.
Mantle
The work has borne fruit already. Having done studies of minerals at various pressures, corresponding to various depths, the researchers believe that the earth's lower mantle should have a similar chemical composition to the upper mantle.
That result throws the origin of the earth into a different light. Some scientists had thought that the earth was at least partly made from meteorites which most likely originate from the asteroid belt, and since these did not have the exact composition of the upper mantle, the assumption was that the missing constituents had sunk into the lower mantle.
If the two regions of mantle have the same composition, says Prof. Frost, that theory goes out the window – it could be that the earth was made from matter elsewhere in the early solar system.
‘That's what we're really fascinated about, the formation of the earth,' he adds. ‘Tracking down where all those building blocks come from.'
Chinese President Xi Jinping has told US President Donald Trump to resolve ongoing tensions with North Korea peacefully.
According to China's Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang, Xi and Trump discussed the situation on the Korean Peninsula in a phone call initiated by the US president on Wednesday.
“China insists on realizing the denuclearization of the peninsula... and is willing to maintain communication and coordination with the American side over the issue on the peninsula,” Xi told Trump during the conversation.
The White House has not released details on the phone conversation.
Last week, the Chinese and American leaders met in the United States, where Trump reportedly called on China to increase pressure on Pyongyang.
In a tweet on Tuesday, Trump said that if China refused to help, “we will solve the problem without them!”
A US Navy strike group participates in a photo exercise with Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force destroyers in the Philippine Sea, March 28, 2017. (Photo via AFP)
The US has dispatched a strike group, including an aircraft carrier, to the Korean Peninsula amid rising tensions with North Korea. The Carl Vinson strike group also comprises two destroyers and submarines.
North Korea's rapidly developing missile and military nuclear programs have unnerved Washington. The presence of US forces in the region and repeated threats of military action by Washington have on the other hand angered the North.
Meanwhile, an article on the Chinese Global Times newspaper warned Pyongyang in an editorial to “hit the brakes for peace.” It called on the North to halt any plans for nuclear and missile activities “for its own security.”
“Pyongyang can continue its tough stance; however, for its own security, it should at least halt provocative nuclear and missile activities. Pyongyang should avoid making mistakes at this time,” the article read.
Angered by the deployment of the US strike group, North Korea has warned to attack US mainland with an atomic bomb. Trump has said Pyongyang “is looking for trouble.”
Evangelical anti-gay lawmakers in South Carolina have amended a bill originally intended to stop teen dating violence, so that the legislation excludes gay teens.
The bigots' reasoning: Any effort to discourage domestic violence in gay teen relationships would implicitly acknowledge the existence and dignity of gay teens and would lessen the pressure upon teen-agers to pretend to be heterosexual or 'ex-gay'.
Exodus International has two activist organizations and two member churches in the state — none of which have protested the exclusion of gay teens from antiviolence legislation, and none of which support antibullying programs in the state's schools.
If you live in South Carolina, please let these activists know, politely, that those who tolerate or affirm violence against gay youth in your state betray fairness, justice, morality, and Christian values.
Contact New Song, the so-called Truth Ministry, Christian Assembly of God, and Westminister Presbyterian Church.
Crossposted via Truth Wins Out.
Have you ever been concerned about “What would animals say if they could talk?” I guess that 90% of us has at least once in our lives thought about this question. Some of us might have dug deeper and might have had a look into ethology – the science studying animal behavior. Or you might have simply used your instinct and realized that the neighbor's cat's claws stuck in your leg are not a sign of achieving new animal-human friendship or the cat's desire to be petted.
Jimmy Craig, 30 years old artist and animal lover is asking this question all the time. And not only that, when he thinks he found the answer, he sits down and portrays his findings with hilarious comics.
His awesome work will not only make you smile but also realize how accurately he managed to understand the world of fauna.
According to the interview that he gave to Huffington Post, he is not very good at drawing people; his biggest issue is drawing hands and legs (oh yes, that sad realization when you firstly come in the kindergarten and you are told that human palms don't consist of five tiny dashes). So he decided to give up on humans and stick to animals. And we are so grateful for that because, without his decision, he wouldn't have started his popular website http://theycantalk.com/ where he publishes one comic a week (Sunday night).
And what would be his biggest accomplishment? If he walked into a bookstore and saw a book titled “They Can Talk” on one of the shelves. Fingers crossed with that! We hope to see your book soon.
The U.S. House of Representatives will have an opportunity next week to pass a critically important cybersecurity bill. The Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (H.R. 3523) is sponsored by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers, a Republican from Michigan, and Ranking Member C.A. "Dutch" Ruppersberger, a Democrat from Maryland. This bill is supported by more than 100 of their colleagues.
The business community has embraced H.R. 3523 because it seeks to answer a basic question—How can lawmakers help companies protect their computers and networks against global cybersecurity threats? This bill would make limited and practical changes to policy. It would establish an information-sharing framework that is voluntary and imposes no new federal mandates on private citizens or business entities.
[Read the U.S. News debate: Should Congress Pass Anti-Online Piracy Legislation?]
The Rogers-Ruppersberger bill would guard Americans' privacy by prohibiting the government from forcing private companies to hand over personal information while encouraging companies to anonymize the information that they do share with appropriate entities.
Most important, the Rogers-Ruppersberger bill would address head-on the needs of companies to receive targeted information to protect their computer networks and customers' personal data. Business owners and managers need timely and actionable information so that they can beat back advanced and sophisticated attacks coming from organized criminal gangs and foreign governments. Likewise, voluntary information-sharing with federal partners, such as the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, would improve the government's ability to protect itself and the business community against foreign cyberthreats.
[Read: Civil Liberties Organizations Launch Protests Against CISPA]
H.R. 3523 would help tip the scales in businesses' favor against online raiders who seek to steal private information or potentially disrupt infrastructure networks.
In addition, the bill would give businesses certainty that cybersecurity information shared with the government would be provided safe harbor and not lead to frivolous lawsuits, among other protections.
Reps. Rogers and Ruppersberger deserve praise for crafting their bill in a bipartisan and open manner. H.R. 3523 is a positive, nonregulatory bill that would help the nation chart a path forward on cybersecurity. In short, we need to get serious and pass the Rogers-Ruppersberger bill.
Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting is planning substantial renovations at its landmark downtown CNN Center as well as to the Techwood complex in Midtown as the media company continues a broader overhaul of its businesses.
The parent of cable networks CNN, TBS and TNT, stressed its planning is just beginning, but Turner told employees Friday it is “evaluating” upgrades to the office space and atrium mall at CNN Center, one of Atlanta's top tourist destinations and a familiar entryway for Hawks fans into Philips Arena. The company also announced plans to sell its 50 percent stake in the Omni hotel attached to the complex.
The planning coincides with negotiations between the city and Hawks over extensive renovations to Philips, and as the Hawks consider development of a potential entertainment district around the arena. That future entertainment district appears to be central to Turner's thinking of its CNN Center renovations.
“As we participate with the City and the community to bring this vision to fruition, we will augment our planning work to include a closer look at how we may use CNN Center in the future, and how it fits into this newly declared Entertainment District as part of our ongoing evaluation of Turner's real estate footprint,” Turner Chief Financial Officer Pascal Desroches said in a statement to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
A Hawks spokesman declined comment.
The evaluation of Turner's real estate and any potential redevelopment is a multi-year process, and Turner expects to remain in CNN Center for the foreseeable future, a person with knowledge of the situation said. The person said CNN Center, home to about half of its 6,000 Atlanta employees, remains vital to the company's business.
In recent months, Turner has shifted jobs from its CNN International unit from Atlanta to London and other cities. Meanwhile, the company announced last month a streaming service called FilmStruck for movie buffs.
Ownership in the Omni hotel “[did] not support our core business and brands,” Desroches said and sale proceeds will be reinvested in the company.
Nearly two years ago, Turner started a substantial remaking of its businesses, including job cuts in Atlanta and elsewhere. The company eliminated about 1,500 jobs, about two-thirds of which were in its hometown, as it worked to cut costs, boost revenue through new original content and other avenues. Much of the company's on-air talent is now New York-based.
Turner's planned changes to Techwood are no less important to the company's business. About half of Turner's Atlanta workforce is based there.
Last week, Turner Chairman and CEO John Martin unveiled “Reimagine Techwood,” a program Desroches said will “rethink and refresh the Techwood campus to better foster the culture of innovation, creativity and collaboration that defines our company.”
A.J. Robinson, president and CEO of Central Atlanta Progress, the alliance of downtown businesses, said the planned reinvestment by Turner into CNN Center adds to the momentum building around Centennial Olympic Park. The nearly $1.5 billion Falcons stadium will open next year, and other projects on the drawing board include the planned refurbishment of the park, a new hotel at the Georgia World Congress Center and the Hawks plans at Philips Arena.
“There's a lot of excitement and good things happening in this neighborhood,” Robinson said. “I think they are right to be looking at staying if nothing else because there's a lot going on.”
For more information on this story, please visit myAJC.com
HOLLYWOOD (CBSLA.com) — A college student who claims he was unjustly beaten and Tasered by officers while out with his friends in Hollywood last October is suing the Los Angeles Police Department.
“All I could remember was just sirens and punches,” said Aibuedefe Oghogho, who has no criminal past. Oghogho has filed a lawsuit against the LAPD, alleging excessive use of force and a violation of his civil rights for the arrest that happened on Oct. 22, 2010.
Video of Oghogho — who was holding a beer concealed in a paper bag — and his friend crossing the street was captured by a Hollywood nightclub's security camera.
In the video, officers can be seen pulling up in an unmarked car and asking Oghogho what he's holding. He says one of the officers pushed him, and Oghgho admits to putting up an arm and saying, “Stop.” That's when he says things went south.
During the struggle, Officer Jenkins can be seen pulling his baton and striking Oghogho in the neck. He and his partner, Officer Tafoya, are then seen repeatedly punching Oghogho while he is on the ground. Oghogho is then put in handcuffs and is motionless on the ground when what appears to be an army of backup officers arrive.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
“They picked me up, threw me onto this fence and they threw me onto the fence started hitting me while I was on the fence and then they slammed me down like head first,” Oghogho said. “And I'm…and it's the whole time they're doin' it, the whole time they're doin' it, I hear one officer keep punching me in my face, he's telling me, ‘stop resisting arrest, stop resisting arrest' and all I could say to myself was, ‘I'm not resisting.'”
The most painful moment happens out of view of the camera, when he is taken to the ground one more time and a third officer, Officer De La Torre, pulls out his Taser and issues a five-second shock.
Oghogho was ultimately arrested on suspicion of felony resisting arrest. He was treated for minor injuries, but had no broken bones and did not need to be hospitalized.
According to Officer Jenkins' arrest report, Oghogho was “uncooperative and aggressive” and that he “began to swing his arms and fists wildly in an attempt to escape.” Officer Jenkins wrote that he used his baton “in order to stop his aggressive action and force him to the ground.”
The first punch was “to prevent him from striking me” and the next two “in order to stop his repeated attacks. The third, fourth and fifth punches were to “turn his body and face to the ground,” according to the arrest report. The Taser was used in response to Oghogho's “attempt to head butt me” and “kick me in the groin area.”
“None of that is on the video and none of that makes any sense, and none of that happened,” Oghogho's attorney, John Burton said. Burton says he believes the report was written after police officials saw the videotape and tailored it to justify their actions, rather than give a true account of what happened.
The District Attorney's office declined to prosecute the case and the charges against Oghogho were dropped a year after his arrest.
“I think the DA looked at that report and said, ‘This is a joke, I don't want to have anything to do with it,'” Burton said.
The LAPD's investigation into the arrest has concluded that the officers acted properly in response to the threat posed by Oghogho.
LAPD officials have declined to comment on the lawsuit, citing ongoing litigation. Officials did say they have turned over all evidence and video to the department's Internal Affairs division for another look.
Former Philippine president Benigno Aquino III talks about his realizations a year after office, the state of the nation during the first year of the Duterte administration, and charges filed against him by the Ombudsman
Published 10:53 AM, July 21, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The former president looks at ease, rejuvenated, and free of rancor. He's philosophical about attacks from sitting officials and on social media.
"Hindi binabato ang walang bunga," he says.
Talking to Rappler's Maria Ressa, former president Benigno Aquino III says he knew there would be charges filed when he steps down.
He also says he's had his day of reckoning with the man in the mirror and he's happy with his accomplishments. And he's relieved "they haven't disturbed what has been put in place," referring to the economic policies of his successor.
Aquino left office with stellar economic figures that saw unprecendented growth in the economy. But political controversies overshadowed such success, particularly the Mamasapano incident that led to the death of 44 elite cops and also killed the proposed Bangasamoro Basic Law in Congress, and the Disbursement Acceleration Program (DAP) controversy.
Watch Aquino's interview where he discusses insights and realizations one year after office, the state of the nation during the first year of the Duterte administration, and charges filed against him by the Ombudsman. – Rappler.com
Santa Rosa records 52 inches of rain in 1 year, most in history
Santa Rosa CHP officer Ken Enger directs traffic around a car, which skidded off of the road during flooding in Sonoma County in January. Santa Rosa CHP officer Ken Enger directs traffic around a car, which skidded off of the road during flooding in Sonoma County in January. Photo: Brian L. Frank, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Brian L. Frank, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 60 Captions Close Santa Rosa records 52 inches of rain in 1 year, most in history 1 / 60 Back to Gallery
For the 12 months ending at the end of February, 52.07 inches of rain fell in Santa Rosa, the most since records were first kept in 1902, a meteorologist said.
Though the rainy season doesn't officially end until the end of June, rainfall tends to taper off toward the end of the season, said Jan Null, a meteorologist with San Francisco-based Golden Gate Weather Services who have been tracking the Bay Area's weather for years.
Since the rainy season in San Francisco began in July through the end of February, 26.09 inches of rain fell on the city, good for the 9th wettest period on record for that duration, Null said.
“These are big numbers,” Null said, adding that San Francisco's records go back much longer than Santa Rosa's — to 1850 — which helps explain the discrepancy in rainfall rankings.
The distribution of storms this season have been concentrated in December and January for both Santa Rosa and San Francisco, Null said, boosting up the rainfall figures and sending them reaching toward record highs.
Michael Bodley is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: mbodley@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @michael_bodley
The trial of Crimean journalist Mykola Semena, indicted on separatism-related charges in the Russia-controlled territory, resumes on April 3 after a two-week adjournment.
Shortly after it got under way, the presiding judge halted the proceedings following a defense request for a more open and accessible process by holding the trial in a larger courtroom.
Semena, an RFE/RL contributor, is being prosecuted for an article he wrote criticizing Moscow's seizure of the Black Sea peninsula from Ukraine in 2014 and expressing support for a blockade of the territory initiated by Ukrainian activists.
The trial at a Russian court in the Crimean capital, Simferopol, began amid mounting international pressure on Moscow to drop the case against Semena, 66. He faces up to five years in prison if convicted.
The charges stem from a 2015 article he wrote for RFE/RL's Krym.Realii (Crimea Realities) website that Moscow-installed authorities in Crimea allege called for the violation of Russia's territorial integrity.
The column was part of a wide-ranging discussion on the website about options for Crimea and was a response to an earlier column that opposed a blockade.
Outside the court on March 20, Semena, who is barred from leaving Crimea and must request permission to travel outside Simferopol, said that he was not guilty and that the article he wrote does not include calls for the violation of Russia's territorial integrity.
"Crimea's status is in dispute," he said.
The start of Semena's trial followed a European Parliament resolution calling on Moscow to free more than 30 Ukrainian citizens who are in prison or face other conditions of restricted freedom in Russia, Crimea, and parts of eastern Ukraine that are controlled by Russia-backed separatists.
The nonbinding resolution urged Russia "to allow all the above-mentioned people to travel freely, including Mykola Semena, who is being prosecuted for his journalistic work for Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty."
Washington has also called on Russian authorities "to drop spurious charges against Mr. Semena and release him and all other Ukrainians held by Russia for political reasons."
Ten members of the U.S. Congress have signed a letter urging prosecutors to drop the charges, which they said appeared to be "part of a concerted effort by Russian and Russian-backed authorities to clamp down on independent media."
Russia seized control of Crimea in March 2014 after sending in troops without insignia, engineering a takeover of the regional legislature, and staging a referendum that was swiftly dismissed as illegitimate by Ukraine, the United States, and a total of 100 countries in the UN General Assembly.
Moscow has portrayed its takeover of Crimea as necessary to protect ethnic Russians and other residents of the peninsula from oppression by pro-Western officials that took power in Kyiv following the 2014 ouster of former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych.
That narrative has been rejected by Ukraine and Western governments, which accuse Russia-backed authorities in Crimea of rights abuses against Crimean Tatars and others opposed to Moscow's rule there.
Natalya Poklonskaya, the former Russia-installed prosecutor-general in Crimea who filed the charges against Semena and who now serves in the Russian parliament, has accused RFE/RL's Krym.Realii of providing "justification for acts of sabotage and extremism" and inciting "ethnic hatred."
With reporting by RFE/RL's Ukrainian Service
The San Francisco 49ers didn't argue that referee Ed Hochuli was responsible for their 17-7 loss to the Seattle Seahawks and subsequent elimination from playoff contention on Sunday afternoon, but they would be right in contending that one call swung the action in Seattle's favor. With 14:15 left in the game and the Seahawks up 10-7, Russell Wilson took the snap at the San Francisco 15-yard line on third-and-5. Pressured by a blitz up the middle, Wilson threw an errant pass in the general direction of the right side of the end zone. Were things called correctly, the Seahawks most likely would have been limited to a field goal at that point, and the 49ers would have still had a one-score game. But Hochuli called roughing the passer on linebacker Nick Moody and that changed everything.
Buttressed by the extra yardage and automatic first down, Wilson threw a bullet to rookie receiver Paul Richardson two plays later, and the Seahawks' momentum carried them through. Upon review of the play, it appeared that Moody did everything he was supposed to do when tackling a quarterback. He had his head up, he wasn't spearing Wilson with his helmet, Wilson had just let the ball go when the hit happened, so he wasn't defenseless, and Moody didn't take Wilson to the ground with any extra vigor. In a league that is extra-touchy when it comes to quarterback contact, Moody's hit seemed like a textbook example of how to extract a negative play and still follow the rules.
• Catch up on the NFL action in Week 15 with SI.com's news and features
​Hochuli didn't see it that way, and he explained his findings in explicit detail after the game, as is his wont.
“I felt that he hit the quarterback in the chest with the hairline [of the helmet], and that's a foul unless he has his face completely up and would hit it face-on with the facemask," Hochuli said. "It's a foul, and that's why I called it ... I'm differentiating between the crown. The crown is the top of the helmet. The hairline is up at the top of the forehead. That is a still a foul when you hit the quarterback with that part of your head.”
So, if a defender claimed that he hit the opposing player with the facemask, what would Hochuli's response be?
“What happens is that you hit, here, and the next thing that happens is your head slides up. That's just the mechanics of the body. But, that's not what the initial contact is.”
Here's the fundamental problem with Hochuli's intent in calling the penalty: as seen in the screencap below, he was actually behind Wilson, and he threw the flag without hesitation. He didn't consult with anyone else on his crew; he simply made the call, and the only way he could have done that was to react to what he thought he saw, not what actually happened. In other words, Hochuli most likely saw a hard, legal hit and erred on the side of caution. That's forgivable given the extent to which the NFL has programmed officials to be sensitive to plays like these, but it doesn't let Hochuli off the hook for either embellishing what he saw at the time of the play, or adding to what he didn't see with replay after the fact.
On Monday, VP of Officiating Dean Blandino made the announcement that was certainly too little, too late for the 49ers, who were eliminated from playoff contention with the loss, and their fans: the call was indeed erroneous.
"In looking at it, it was not [the correct call]," Blandino said, per NFL.com. "The rule protects a passer from two types of hits: Hits to the head or neck, or hits with the crown or forehead, which is just below the crown part of the helmet, and that's what the referee called.
"It's close, but when you look at it on tape, Moody's head is up, he hits with more of the side and the facemask to the body of the quarterback, and in our review, with the ability to look at it in slow motion, it's not a foul."
Moreover, Blandino confirmed that Hochuli shouldn't have made the call at all -- good or bad -- if he didn't actually see it. Which seems like a stupidly logical thing to assert, but these kinds of calls happen pretty frequently. Just ask Jason Worilds of the Steelers, who was flagged for a similarly innocuous hit on Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan earlier in the day.
"Certainly, if he doesn't see the whole action, we don't want him to throw the flag," Blandino said. "Ed was getting into position and he saw him, or what he thought he saw ducking the head and making the contact, so he wouldn't throw the flag if he didn't see it, but it obviously happens quick.
"It's full-speed, and he doesn't have the benefit of the slow motion replays that we all do after the fact."
And that, in the end, is the point of all this. The 49ers should have had the benefit of a challenge on this call, but they didn't, because roughing the passer and many other judgment calls are not reviewable. Certain coaches, most specifically Bill Belichick, have been pressing every year for this to change, to give coaches the ability to challenge any penalty, no matter what it is. Not to have additional challenges, but to throw every possible call under the purview of review.
It seems the right thing to do, and it's fairly amazing that in their meetings every spring, the league's competition committee doesn't seem to see the need for this. Last March, Belichick was joined by Ravens head coach John Harbaugh, brother of Jim, in asserting that global replay was the way to go.
"Sometimes, we lag behind the technology a little bit," Harbaugh said at the owners meetings in March. "And we should. You should come to change slowly and do things for the right reasons. I think the league is right in doing that. But it's about time to recognize that when the fans have a better view of the game than the referee does, it's time to put the referee on the same playing field as the fans, and you do that through the technology. They have great ideas and ways to do it."
"I'm not proposing more challenges," Belichick added around that time. "I'm just saying that as a coach, if you want to challenge a play, I think you ought to be able to challenge it, and why does it have to be limited to the four or five pages in the rule book that can be challenged, and now this year there are more proposals to amend that."
The proposals were struck down. And there's no obvious imperative to enact new rules regarding replay. There is a command center in New York City, where Blandino and a team of spotters review plays as they happen, but unless a review comes in, and that challenge is for a penalty that is actually reviewable, there's not much good in it. With all that technology, it's still up to the vagaries of the human eye, the bang-bang play, and the official on the field.
And for a league that takes in more than $10 billion per year, and has protocol in place for seemingly any variant of violence on the field, that seems woefully behind the times.
The video player, which has is due to go live by March and is built upon the technology developed by the BBC, ITV and Channel 4, will launch with more than 3,000 hours of content. The player will show content such as Skins , Neighbours and Footballer's Wives .
Arqiva, the transmission company which bought the technology from the broadcasters, after their joint video-on-demand service – Project Kangaroo – was blocked by the Competition Commission early last year , has signed deals with Channel 4 and Five, as well as independent producers – Talkback Thames and Shed Media.
The Channel 4 deal includes content from Skins , Grand Designs and Peep Show – however it does not mirror the major YouTube deal the broadcaster signed last year – which gave the video site the right to show its full catch-up catalogue.
SeeSaw viewers will also be able to watch some of Five's programming – including: Neighbours , The Gadget Show and Home and Away .
Direct deals with the production companies has broadened the video-on-demand's programme range and also a deal with the US producer – RHI Entertainment– sees 50 made-for TV movies make it to the service.
The company had already signed a deal with BBC Worldwide which gives it access to certain old programmes such as Doctor Who.
There will also be a dedicated sports section – for which a deal has been signed with Perform – making a package of football programming around the 2010 World Cup in South Africa will be available. The company hopes to sign more sports deals and is believed to be close to signing a deal with the IOC to secure the right to show the best moments from the Olympics.
Earlier this week it began an invite-only trial beta testing phase and hopes to build the users numbers up to 10,000 by the end of next month.
The only major UK broadcaster which has yet to sign a deal with SeeSaw is ITV.
New Yorkers only have until October 9 to register as a Democrat in order to vote for Bernie Sanders in the primary.
The New York primary might be in April of next year, but Bernie's supporters need to start registering as Democrats if they are to vote for him in the primary election.
This means that volunteers need to mobilize quickly to start engaging supporters in New York, and ensure they register before the looming October 9 deadline.
Yes, that means you New Yorkers won't even get a chance to see a Democratic presidential candidates' debate to weigh up their options before registering. It's no wonder the Sanders and O'Malley campaigns are pushing the DNC hard for more debates, before the deadline.
New Yorkers can register as Democrats with the Board of Elections.
Sanders faces fierce competition in New York, which is home to the Clinton campaign. Sanders was born in Brooklyn in 1941, but was living in Vermont by 1968.
The New York primary is set to be held on Tuesday, April 19, 2016.
Laurie Garrett is a senior fellow for global health at the Council on Foreign Relations and a Pulitzer Prize-winning writer. The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers.
(CNN) Beware the Ides of September, which could find everything from your cancer surgery to HIV treatment for Africans sliced to smithereens. As Republicans cheered passage of their Obamacare repeal in the House on Thursday, the Democrats chided them that America will vote the GOP out of power in 2018, singing, "Sha-na-na-na! Na-na-na! Hey! Hey! Goodbye!"
The battle lines are clearly drawn. There will be skirmishes in coming weeks and open warfare in Washington this fall.
Bad as the GOP's latest iteration is, the Republican health bill will not become the law of the land. But before you heave a sigh of relief know this: It is an awful harbinger of what is to come, demonstrating that the party in control of all three branches of the American government is more than willing to chuck you, and the whole world, on the pyre of failed personal responsibility before it will consider paying to keep you alive and well.
The "blame the victim" mantra of the 1980s that saw employers firing elders, smokers and obese employees in order to maintain low, pooled insurance costs is back in vogue, now a philosophy of governance applied to everything from cancer prevention to foreign policy.
By a narrow 217-213 vote, the House of Representatives voted to repeal Obamacare, replacing it with a new 2.0 version of the Republican's American Health Care Act, or AHCA, that appeased both the party's hard right Freedom Caucus and some of its moderates' concerns. The bill passed without any Democratic votes, and 20 moderate Republicans sided with the opposition.
On the other side of Capitol Hill, the Senate approved a $1.1 trillion Omnibus Spending Bill that will keep government lights on until the end of the fiscal year, September 30. It passed with bipartisan support, though 18 of the GOP's fiscal conservatives voted against it, largely opposing what they consider overspending.
The worst is yet to come
While President Trump is frustrated by the slow pace of what he thinks are watered-down actions on the Hill, both the Omnibus Budget and AHCA 2.0 are mere preludes to much tougher times to come.
On the health care side, the House AHCA 2.0 has about a zero probability of passing the Senate in its current form, prompting the Washington Post to say , "Republicans' health-care bill isn't really a health-care bill. It's a political prop."
The real action will come with fights over the FY2018 budget, draft elements of which have been leaked, indicating substantial backing for Trump's "skinny budget," a slim presidential statement of spending priorities meant to guide GOP action on the Hill.
The take-home messages are clear, even though the ultimate details of a Senate version of AHCA 2.0 and the FY2018 budget remain obscure. The winners are America's wealthiest class, the Department of Defense, military contractors, health insurance companies and America's closest military allies. The losers? Well, just about everybody else.
If the Republican Party hopes to claim victories in the 2018 midterm elections, Sean Spicer and his fellow Washington spin doctors are going to have to manage astounding feats of messaging, aimed at convincing average American voters that paying larger fees for their health care out-of-pocket, seeing the cost of medicines skyrocket and having highly humane health programs overseas disappear are all good things for the middle class.
Though the Congressional Budget Office hasn't had a chance to weigh in on AHCA 2.0, none of the revisions appear to alter factors that prompted the CBO to predict that the original GOP plan would, by 2026, leave 24 million people uninsured -- more than were in that sorry state when Obamacare was conceived in 2009. The effect would be so profound, CBO said , that 14 million Americans will lose coverage before December 2018.
Close examination of the House's new AHCA 2.0 reveals that compromise between the party's factions was reached not by addressing the underlying problems seen by the CBO, but by booting nearly all of the other tough decisions down to the states.
What is 'access'?
Basically AHCA 2.0 claims to guarantee coverage for people with pre-existing conditions and keep Americans that are now receiving Obamacare coverage on some form of health access. But the devil is in the details behind the words "guarantee" and "access," both of which are left to the states to define.
The House advocates creation of special insurance pools filled with the very sick, offering no good reason why any profit-oriented company would want to dive into those pools. Overall, AHCA 2.0 cuts federal support of Medicaid by $839 billion over 10 years, but creates an $8 billion fund over five years to help support those special pools of the very-sick.
A new Washington Post-ABC News poll finds that 70% of Americans want the federal government to mandate that insurance companies provide coverage for people with pre-existing conditions, such as diabetes, schizophrenia or cancer. And the same percent want a minimum package of basic care available at genuinely affordable prices to every American.
JUST WATCHED 13 men, no women, tackle health care in Senate Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 13 men, no women, tackle health care in Senate 01:33
But nothing is guaranteed by AHCA 2.0, except a hope and prayer that state legislatures and governors will vote through expensive packages of health insurance that incentivize private insurance companies to carry millions of people, including those with costly chronic care needs, based on expansion of states' Medicaid programs.
Some states like California already make Medicaid cover more people, for more health problems, than even Obamacare mandated. But most states fall well below Obamacare mandates and will use whatever version of AHCA 2.0 is ultimately enacted into law to further shrink their spending and patient access.
In a federal appeals court case regarding abortion clinics in Alabama, the state defines "access" as something to be denied, meaning women should be denied all access to abortion services in that state. Several states currently have laws or pending court cases that similarly draw on the language of "access" as a matter of legally mandated denial of services.
In an emotional appeal on his late-night TV show comedian/host Jimmy Kimmel told his audience that his newborn son was born with a condition requiring neonatal open-heart surgery -- which he, a wealthy celebrity, could afford.
But, Kimmel noted, access to health shouldn't be about personal wealth, adding, "Before 2014, if you were born with congenital heart disease like my son was, there was a good chance you'd never be able to get health insurance because you had a pre-existing condition... And if your parents didn't have medical insurance, you might not live long enough to even get denied because of a pre-existing condition."
Wealth determines access
But under the AHCA, personal wealth is precisely the prime determinant of health care. As Republican Bill Schuster told his Pennsylvania constituents, "It gets rid of Obamacare's taxes and mandates, and returns the power of regulating health insurance back to the states."
Your access, Schuster continued, is affordable because you can write some of it off in your taxes, pay for some of the rest with your health savings account (which you paid for) and get cheaper care because the state will no longer be covering such things as abortions.
Hogwash. A single mother of two children who earns $40,000 a year as a domestic worker has no taxable income after paying for transportation, housing, food, school fees, child care and her children's clothing, so writing off health care costs via her annual IRA filing is a nonstarter.
Kicking the pre-existing conditions can down the road to the states could lead to denial of health insurance services to 129 million Americans , according to a 2011 Department of Health and Human Services study, and return the nation to the bad old 1980s days of "personal responsibility for health."
As Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks told CNN, people with costly conditions should be required to contribute more to their states' insurance pools so that they aren't a financial burden "to those people who lead good lives, they're healthy, they've done the things to keep their bodies healthy."
Pay attention, America
The blame game allows Republicans to feel fine about eliminating federal disease prevention programs, putting the onus on individuals and slashing the $1 billion Prevention and Public Health Fund that was created under Obamacare in the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The CDC uses those funds to support everything from diabetes diagnoses and care programs to elimination of lead poisoning.
One-third of the funds ($324 million) were for vaccines and child immunization programs. Another $12 million targeted adolescent suicide efforts and $160 million subsidized epidemic surveillance and the safety of drinking water and food from bacterial contamination.
All of these programs will disappear -- 12% of the CDC's total budget -- if the Senate maintains the thrust of AHCA 2.0, going along with the House majority's view that government shouldn't "meddle" in personal decisions such as whether or not to smoke cigarettes or cook your skin in a tanning salon.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
The House and Senate will battle such sentiments when they finally tackle the FY18 budget in September. Leaked elements of the budget reveal a similar "personal responsibility" perspective guiding slashing of federal support for malaria prevention in Ghana, HIV treatment in Malawi, women's health programs in Guatemala, democracy-building in Asia and school lunch programs in Harlem.
If your child is hungry in school, bit by malaria-carrying mosquitoes in bed at night or lacks treatment for the HIV he was born infected with it's your fault and your responsibility, not a problem for US taxpayers.
Pay attention, America. You may wake up in a year to discover that your cancer care will bankrupt your family, and your now-impoverished children will get no meals at school. Your town's hospital may get hit by a tornado and discover the CDC's stockpiles of drugs and medical equipment for catastrophes and outbreaks has disappeared. You may take a holiday overseas and find fear and loathing directed at you from people angry that services once provided by the US Agency for International Development or other foreign aid agencies no longer exist.
And if you're a member of Congress who voted for such changes in the FY18 budget, you may suddenly find your voting constituency backing a different horse -- or even a donkey.
Regaining world champion Sebastian Buemi has been disqualified from the Formula E race in Montreal. His Renault e.dams didn't pass the technical inspections.
Buemi finished fourth in the dramatic race, following the battle found the reigning champion's car to be underweight.
Buemi's 12 points cancelled after being disqualified for his rebuilt car failing the minimum weight test of 880kgs.
The steward's decision reads as follows: “The car was underweight in post-race Parc Ferme. The team manager agreed that there were no errors in the weighing procedure. The stewards note that this car was in large part destroyed in an accident during Non Qualifying Practice 2. The team used a new monocoque, battery pack and gearbox as well as many other new parts. There was reportedly insufficient time to weigh the car after the rebuild and before the race, even though the weighing platform schedule had been increased by 30 minutes by the Technical Delegate. The team reportedly added 4kg additional ballast to compensate for any weight variation in the rebuilt car.”
Renault edams boss Jean-Paul Driot told Autosport: “We couldn't weigh the car, we didn't have the time so we added four kilos with three kilos of margin, so seven kilos in total and apparently the car is minus three, so it is ten kilos difference. We just cannot understand this.
“We tried to put in an appeal to weigh the battery because we believe there is a big difference in batteries but it is very complicated and we had so much to do today including a fire with Nicolas [Prost's car] as well in parc ferme.”
(LiveScience) On Jan. 30, 1540, in Mexico City, at a time when Spain was carving out an empire in the New World, an epic trial got under way.
An ordained Catholic priest named Pedro Ruiz Calderon was being prosecuted for practicing black magic. The priest actually bragged about the powers he had acquired according to records a researcher is working on publishing.
He claimed to be able to teleport between continents, make himself invisible, make women fall in love with him, predict the future, turn metals into gold, summon and exorcise demons and, most importantly, discover buried treasure.
"He really typifies all of the major types of learned magic, from summoning and conjuring demons, to exorcising demons to the powers of cloaking himself, making himself invisible," said John Chuchiak IV, a professor at Missouri State University who translates and publishes documents recording the opening of the trial in his new book "The Inquisition in New Spain 1536-1820"(Johns Hopkins University Press, 2012). [See Photos of the Trial Records]
"He could hypnotize people, too; it's one of the earliest, I think, descriptions of hypnotism, mesmerizing people."
At the start of the trial, Calderon was denounced in a speech by Miguel Lopez de Legazpi, the Secretary of the Holy Office, who would later become a conquistador in the Philippines. In translation, the trial records state that "many persons have made it known before him [Legazpi] that the said Calderon knows of the Black Arts and that he learned them from others." The records go on to claim that Calderon is able to make himself invisible and can travel across great distances in a short amount of time. "It's just fascinating. The story just goes on and on," Chuchiak told LiveScience of the more than 100 pages of trial records.
The prosecutor Fray Juan de Zumarraga, the Franciscan archbishop of Mexico and apostolic inquisitor of New Spain, was known for his extreme punishments. "Other people he had their tongue split for very minor blasphemy," said Chuchiak. In the end, for reasons unknown, the bishop gave Calderon only a minor punishment -- exile back to Spain and a prohibition from giving Catholic services for two years; Zumarraga may have wanted to get rid of him without publicly executing a priest. What happens to Calderon after he is exiled is not known.
Included in the trial records is a list of books Calderon was found with. The most puzzling material was a group of archival letters written in a special cipher that Calderon claimed to be able to read, no one else could. Archivo General de la Nacion (Mexico)
Journey to hell
According to the trial records, Calderon claimed that he went to hell itself to acquire some of his abilities. At one point, the records say he was in Naples, working for a viceroy.
"He and three men went to explore a cave. He said it was 3,000 leagues below the surface of the Earth," said Chuchiak, summarizing the Spanish language account. Apparently, the men got stuck there, with most of Calderon's companions dying.
"He actually descended to the depths of hell, he said, and there he learned the secrets of the science of the black arts and alchemy." [Time Travel & Reincarnation: 10 Tales of Superhuman Abilities]
Calderon did not return empty-handed, Chuchiak said.
"He brought back books from hell. He said one of them had the signature of the devil, the prince of darkness."
When Calderon was arrested, his library was seized. None of the books contained the signature of the devil; however, some intriguing books were found, including Albertus Magnus' "Secrets,"a manual on how to conduct exorcisms, and a book by Dr. Arnaldo de Villanueva called the "Treasure of Treasures,"in which it describes techniques to find buried treasures. The library also held "archival letters written in some mysterious writing, a certain cipher that he claimed that he could read," Chuchiak said. "No one else could read it."
Why did he do it?
Why a priest like Calderon may have strayed so far off may be due to two rather earthly things -- bragging rights and financial gain.
Chuchiak notes that Calderon loved to brag. After the trial was over, he caught pneumonia, was sent to the infirmary, and while there, "he was bragging about his ability to cloak himself and to win over almost any woman that he could," he said, again summarizing the Spanish account. In other instances, "he talks about all the women that he slept with. He talks about how he's able to get away with having mistresses and sneaking in an out of their bedrooms," his supposed invisibility powers helping with this.
There is also evidence that he profited from his abilities. Records indicate that, superpowers or not, he often found buried treasure.
According to the translated trial record, Gil Gonzalez de Benavides, a conquistador, testified that "he had witnessed that the said Calderon had discovered the whereabouts of several baskets filled with golden ornaments and items that the natives had hidden from the Spaniards." "Apparently, he got lucky and did find treasures, that made his fame wider," said Chuchiak. "People came to him and asked him for help finding lost things, lost people, lost treasures," services for which Calderon was paid.
His superpowers were, of course, false, said Chuchiak; if Calderon could have made himself invisible or teleported between continents, he could have escaped his trial. That, Chuchiak added, is always the problem with people who claim they could perform black magic.
"They [the inquisitors] always challenge them to practice their black art. But they didn't do it, they couldn't do it," said Chuchiak. In the end, Calderon was just a man who had made great claims and was now facing trial. "Obviously he's just boasting," Chuchiak said.
Follow LiveScience on Twitter @livescience. We're also on Facebook & Google+.
Copyright 2012 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
PM Modi is speaking in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday, replying to thanks motion on President's Address to the Parliament. His primary focus in the initial parts of the speech is about demonetization.
Modi said, " I can't deny that inconvenience was a bad thing, that it caused convenience, and that's why the fight against black money isn't political. It's not to oppose anyone, it's not the cause to fight against political. it's our duty to fight against black money. It's also true that the parallel economy is hurting the poor the most. It takes away things from the poor. It's not like no one tried before. The endgame is to fight black money. We can't shove it under the carpet. Jaali note, aankre is just about jaali note reaching banks, it never reached banks before and terrorists, naxalist, use the black notes."
PM says, " A lot of people are shouting that RS 2000 was found with terrorists, bank lootne ka prayas hua happened in Jammu and Kashmir. Because counterfeit notes run their industry. But the terrorists with old notes shows that they are finding it hard. We can't stop till it becomes hard for the dishonest. And for that the ultimate gain will help the honest and that's our belief. Years ago Wancho committee asked Indira Gandhi to do demonetization, but she refused to do so fearing backlash. "
PM claims that Indian politicians are out of touch with reality. They aren't aware how big the support for demonetization is across the ranks and files of the country. In enemy states, counterfeit notes forced people to commit suicide. 700 maoists surrendered in 30-40 days. between November and december.
PM takes jibe at Manmohan Singh and stops short of saying that whatever Manmohan Singh said about demonetization in Parliament was dictated to him by someone else. He says Manmohan Singh has been intrinsically linked to fate of India's economy for more than three decades. He says Manmohan Singh has mastered the art of bathing in the bathroom wearing a raincoat. Congress leaders are visibly upset. Modi's exact quote was, " Bathroom mein raincoat pehne ka nahanna doctor saab jante hia."
PM is now justifying his comment reminding the house how Manmohan Singh stated about organised loot in RS. Modi says that he is perfectly capable of paying back in their own coin. Modi alleges Congress of still not been able to reconcile with their defeat. The Congress walked out protesting PM Modi's dig at Manmohan Singh. PM chides them by saying they should have the guts to hear, when they attack politically.
PM is now giving backdrop about why Wanchu Commission report was not implemented by the Indira Gandhi government. He said: "It's true that regular people are angry, yet after so many difficulties, there was not a single riot due to demonetization. And we should present this to the entire nation. The world should know how the people of India came together."
The PM urged Left parties to support the move, saying it was in their character. He said: "People who are opposing demonetization will understand why it's such a great move."
He added: "People were giving a report card of 70 years of governance of which, I have only contributed two years."
PM Modi added, that India ought to start its move for digital India from big cities like Delhi and Kolkata.
He added: "Cashless doesn't mean we will go completely cashless. If we could adopt electronic voting, from ballot voting. We have to keep moving forward. There are various countries like Korea where they have incentive schemes. The Bhim App doesn't cost a single money, no commission and that's why we are moving towards paperless banking."
Giving an example of Railways or electricity bills, he points out how people use their phones to book tickets or pay their bills and said along with Jan Dhan accounts, the government had given Rupay Cards to 21 crore people.
He further said: "Thanks to direct benefit schemes, there has been a stop on people looting the country and we should work hard to increase digital payments. We are moving fast to increase POS machines. We are promoting e-wallets, digital payment, etc. And we are working hard, to increase the number of people using the BHIM app."
Speaking about the criticism against RBI and Governor Urjit Patel, he urged politicians not to attack institutions. He said: "The RBI has a huge role to pay and those who attack RBI need to stop." Pointing out former governor Dr Subbarao's criticism of P Chidambaram, PM Modi accused the former FM of overstepping his bounds and claimed that no one raised a ruckus about it.
The PM pointed out that government had cut down red-tape, and it was much easier to get a passport or start a company now.
Speaking about the Swacch Bharat initiate he said: "None of us want to live in a dirty place. I want to thank the media for supporting the campaign. Normally, the media is negative but the media has helped us during this campaign. Even Mahatma Gandhi was for this, would you have spoken against him also? These are not things to joke about, hygiene can't be something we joke about."
Touching upon women's safety he said: "For women's safety, we've also started help-lines and more women are joining the police." The PM's speech also focussed on the SOPs the government had provided for farmers, the efforts that had been made for adivasis (tribals). The PM ended his speech by thanking the speaker.
However, the drama didn't end there as Opposing MPs including Sharad Yadav and Sitaram Yechury accused the speaker of bias alleging that those whose name was taken had the right to respond. However, Ansari pointed out proper parliamentary procedure suggested that only if the speaker concedes could they be interrupted.
Meanwhile, the Congress P Chidamabaram said it was unbecoming of a PM while Manmohan Singh refused to react to the jibe.
MANILA — North Korea launched a missile early Friday — apparently to mark the 104th birthday of its founding leader, Kim Il-sung, the grandfather of the current leader, Kim Jong-un. But the test was a failure, according to American and South Korean defense officials.
The Pentagon confirmed, somewhat indirectly, that the test involved a ballistic missile when it called the launch a violation of United Nations Security Council resolutions that explicitly prohibit North Korea from using or testing ballistic missile technology.
The Defense Department said that its surveillance and radar systems “detected and tracked” the launch. It added that “the missile launched from North Korea did not pose a threat to North America.”
The test occurred while Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter was in the Philippines as part of a tour of Asia.
Unless you ignore Facebook and Twitter, Everyday Feminism is an ever-present blight on the landscape of social media. There's a great chance you've seen an image or two that suggests your existence is somehow problematic.
The publication exists to promote the cult of “intersectional feminism,” a kind of Frankenstein's monster that combines third wave feminism with the idea that oppressive institutions exist to put down anyone who isn't straight and white. They call it the Patriarchy.
Get our exclusive newsletter—the best of Heat Street every day
Recently, the publication launched a program to “help” white Americans confront their whiteness. It's called “ Recently, the publication launched a program to “help” white Americans confront their whiteness. It's called “ Healing from Toxic Whiteness ,” and it serves as boot camp for would-be social justice warriors who may hold onto problematic beliefs, such as the idea that it's possible to be racist against white people.
In social justice land, there's no such thing as reverse racism — or even racism against white people, for that matter. Racism, they argue, can only exist when one has both power and privilege — ignoring the fact that anyone can wield both these things depending on their situation.
Advertisement
It is a part of Everyday Feminism founder Sandra Kim's ongoing efforts to fight against everything and anything deemed problematic in the world.
The program costs $300 and lasts for 10 weeks, building upon the premise that “white people need to restore themselves to emotional wholeness in order to truly free themselves from racism and move into action to end white supremacy.” It wouldn't sound out of place on a Scientologist pamphlet, and it even promises to “decondition” its participants from unconscious racism by forcing them to acknowledge their privileges, to make them more effective warriors for social justice.
Healing from Toxic Whiteness claims that every white person has been unconsciously conditioned to be racist simply by “being raised in societies built on systemic racism,” and aims to expunge those problematic thoughts. The program defines being “colorblind” as a form of racism and further states that anyone who doesn't actively do something to stop racism is committing a racist action by omission. So unless you're a social justice warrior, you're a racist.
According to the program sheet, participants are eventually expected to commit to five chief tenets that would effectively have them self-flagellate on a constant basis and proselytize the ideology to other people.
It sounds like a parody — but make no mistake: It sounds like a parody — but make no mistake: It's real . Like any other cult-like program, Healing from Toxic Whiteness claims to only wish uncooperative individuals “continued healing and growth,” but that's rarely how people behave, especially when they believe they possess some secret wisdom nobody else has.
It's only just launched, but we can certainly expect to see the results of the program's “deconditioning” in the months and years to come. I don't look forward to it.
These amaranth patties are healthy, easy to make and delicious! You'll love this vegan amaranth recipe with a crispy texture and perfect blend of flavors! They're rich in proteins too!
I don't know if you remember, but a few weeks ago I posted a photo on Facebook with my white beans and amaranth patties ready to go into the oven. I also promised you the recipe. Well, I won't be able to show you the final photos because I was clumsy as usual. I took the tray out of the oven and I didn't grab it right. I burned myself and all the patties fell on the floor. What a mess! They were not even ready yet! I barely managed to save 3 or 4 amaranth patties. I was so hungry I ate them all right away.
I liked amaranth so much that I decided to give it another try. This time, I combined it with red lentils and the result was this delicious, vegan amaranth patties recipe! This is a protein-rich vegan recipe, both amaranth and lentils being very high in proteins and other essential nutrients. So if you're looking to cook a protein-rich meal, this is one recipe you should consider saving.
In case you haven't heard about amaranth or didn't cook/ate it so far, here's something you should know about this amazing cereal.
It's time to stop worrying about what you're going to eat! I created the meal planner app to help you! Get your personalized meal plan with delicious, healthy, and budget-friendly recipes! GET YOUR MEAL PLAN!
Amaranth is an over 8000 years old gluten-free cereal. In Ancient Greece it was considered a sacred plant and a symbol of eternal youth. Starting with the '70s, its amazing health benefits have been rediscovered.
Amaranth can be named a super-cereal, as it is very rich in nutrients. It's also known for its high concentration of proteins, vitamins, essential amino acids and minerals.
Amaranth also lowers cholesterol levels and has amazing anti-cancer properties.
5.0 from 6 reviews Protein Power Lentils and Amaranth Patties Print Prep time 5 mins Cook time 30 mins Total time 35 mins These lentils and amaranth patties are healthy, easy to make, vegan and delicious! Author: Ruxandra Micu Serves: 15+ amaranth patties Ingredients 1 cup red lentils
½ cup amaranth
½ cup chopped fresh parsley
1 onion, diced
2 Tbsps psyllium husks (or one large egg)
4 Tbsps nutritional yeast
½ cup breadcrumbs (GF)
some sliced black olives (optional, but recommended)
salt and ground pepper, to taste
some oil Instructions Add red lentils and amaranth in a pot. Cover with water and boil for 15 minutes. Strain them. Put them in a large bowl and blend in all the other ingredients, except oil. If the composition is too moist, add more breadcrumbs. The patties should be easy to form. Heat some oil in a non-stick frying pan. Make the patties – 1 Tbsps per patty. Fry them 2 minutes on each side. Put the amaranth patties on a plate covered with a paper towel, in order to absorb all excess oil. 3.5.3208
Want more veggie patties recipes. Try these:
MILWAUKIE, Ore. -- With the estimated one million extra people headed for Oregon during the total solar eclipse, the demand on liquor and marijuana stores will be at an all-time high.
The Oregon Liquor Control Commission is even urging stores to stock up early, so their deliveries don't get stuck in traffic.
Oregon liquor sales have been climbing year-over-year anyway, and this solar eclipse could break the record. Especially for small towns where the path of totality will pass through, and there's only one liquor store. It's big money for the state budget, but only if the product gets there in time.
In a big Milwaukie warehouse, boxes and boxes of state-owned booze is stored. It's the OLCC's only liquor warehouse. Every bottle you buy, is owned by the state and comes out of here, delivered by truck to each individual liquor store.
Liquor preparing to be shipped for the eclipse
But starting now, those trucks are getting loaded up even more, some with double the normal orders, in preparation for the moon to eclipse the sun on Monday, Aug. 21.
Sign up for the daily 3 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the 3 things to Know Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
"We're actually looking to move things 3-5 days in advance because we know, people aren't going to drive over Monday, they'll probably head over Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday," said OLCC's Brian Flemming.
The OLCC says it's even keeping tabs on international tour groups headed here from China and Brazil, anticipating what kinds of liquor they would want. The coast and Central Oregon will be the hardest hit with few liquor stores. Some owners even plan to camp behind their locations to accept special nighttime deliveries.
"Transportation could be a major obstacle" said Flemming. "Madras for example, there could be 30,000-40,000 people estimated so we saw a logistical nightmare to get trucks into the city."
The OLCC is expecting anywhere from a 20-40 percent increase in sales surrounding the eclipse. Because the state controls all liquor sales, and it makes up a large stream of revenue for the general fund budget. That means a lot more money for schools and state police.
Meanwhile, marijuana shops are having some fun with astronomy-inspired products, such as the strain Moon Puppies.
"It's Chem Dog crossed with Lemon Skunk, it has a wonderful smell on it," said Leigha Christensen of Oregon's Finest.
Moon Puppies marijuana
The shop on Northeast Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard expects double or triple the number of sales thanks to curious tourists. Growers themselves can't do much to make the plants produce more, but Oregon's Finest is ordering 25-percent more product, and plan special packages of pot and eclipse glasses.
"I think events like this overcome that stigma because we get to talk to more people and provide that education that is really needed," she said.
Both the OLCC and marijuana shops will be closely watching for fake IDs and visibly intoxicated people during this mad rush. It's one of the big worries by emergency personnel; thousands of intoxicated people outdoors in the peak of fire season and on the roads getting to where they'll watch the eclipse.
Click here for more eclipse-related stories
A leading candidate has emerged for the next EFF Takedown Hall of Shame induction: the Dervaes Institute, which is claiming broad ownership rights over the term “urban homesteading” — a term commonly used to describe a social movement dedicated to achieving more self-sufficient, sustainable living in cities. Last year, the Institute managed to register the term as a trademark (in connection with “educational services” such as blogging) and it is now sending takedown requests and warning letters targeting individuals and organizations that have been using the term for years.
The Dervaes campaign raises two related issues.
First, as explained in more detail in a letter EFF sent today on behalf of three of the targets (Kelly Coyne and Erik Knutzen, authors of The Urban Homestead: Your Guide to Self-Sufficient Living in the Heart of the City, and their publisher, Process Media), the legal claims are baseless. Even assuming the registration is valid — there are reasons to question it — the term "urban homesteading" is commonly understood to refer to a popular movement and related set of practices. Our clients — and anyone else — are free to use it in that descriptive sense, and that is exactly what they did.
Second, this dispute highlights the increased danger of granting rights in descriptive marks such as this one. Time was, the registration of this kind of mark might have had limited impact, because sensible mark-owners would think twice before bringing legal action and, short of such action, most legal users could ignore any improper threats. In the Internet context, however, individuals and organizations rely on service providers to help them communicate with the world (YouTube, Facebook, eBay, Blogger, etc.). A trademark complaint directed to one of those providers can mean a fast and easy takedown given that those service providers usually don't have the resources and/or the inclination to investigate trademark infringement claims. Moreover, because there is no counter-notice procedure, the targets of an improper takedown have no easy way to get their content back up.
Coyne, Knutzen, and Process Media found themselves in just that situation. The Dervaes Institute sent a complaint to Facebook and, as a result, Facebook promptly took down the pages for Coyne and Knutzen's book. When the publisher protested, Facebook politely suggested that the publisher take the matter up with the Institute and get back to Facebook when the matter was resolved. Of course, in most instances, takedown targets will lack the resources to persuade a trademark owner to withdraw a complaint, much less take legal action if necessary. We're glad that Coyne and Knutzen thought to call EFF for help.
We are also glad to see that our clients are not alone in fighting back against the Dervaes Institute's misguided campaign. Today has been declared an Urban Homesteader's Day of Action, itself organized through Facebook, that promises “to blanket the web with the words urban homestead and urban homesteading through blog posts, web pages, and articles.” The Dervaes Institute should recognize that this is one community that will not be intimidated, cease its heavy-handed tactics, and take steps to repair the damage it has caused.
(CNN) -- A Malaysian politician who drew gasps by evoking Hitler in a congratulatory tweet to the German World Cup team has apologized, in his own inimitable style.
"When Germany whacked Brazil, I unintentionally said something that hurt d feeling of d ppl in Germany.MY SINCEREST APPOLOGY.LONG LIVE BUNG."
A member of the United Malays National Organization, Bung Moktar Radin posted his initial tweet on Tuesday after Germany knocked Brazil out of the World Cup with an impressive 7-1 win.
"WELL DONE..BRAVO...LONG LIVE HITLER...", he tweeted to around 20,000 followers.
Predictably, a flurry of tweets followed, with many questioning Bung's sanity and how he came to be in politics.
To his credit, the MP responded, but perhaps not in a way some might have wished.
To @shaike49's contention that he was a "low class crazy MP," the politician wrote: "u can get lost... and enjoy with the loser."
To @layzebone's direct statement: "You're an idiot... educate yourself," the MP said: "say its to ur self."
By Thursday, Bung's online antics had caught the attention of the Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak who tweeted to his two million followers: "The comments made by Datuk Bung Moktar are unacceptable and wrong, and he will withdraw them."
He added: (Bung) "does not speak for Malaysia, or for ordinary Malaysians, who understand Europe's tragic past, and respect its modern unity."
"This should be a time of celebration for Germany, and we wish them all the best in the final."
One might think after causing an online furore over a six-word post, the politician might take a break from Twitter.
Not Bung.
Within one hour of posting his apology, he responded to a user who said: "Try saying this in europe, and see how fast u get gun down," with "im worried they might gun down u first."
On Wednesday, Bung defended his Hitler reference, telling Malaysia's Star Online: "I don't know what's wrong with people sometimes."
"Hitler is part of history and the German team fought like how he did."
After initially condemning the comments as "an unacceptable allusion to the fascist regime of Adolf Hitler," the German Ambassador to Malaysia has now put the episode behind him.
"With MP Bung Moktar's apology, I consider this matter closed," Holger Michael said in a statement. "Let us now look forward to two more thrilling and exciting games."
It remains illegal in Germany to glorify Hitler or the Nazi Party, or to display symbols of the regime including flags, uniforms and slogans.
Earlier on Thursday, the Malaysian Chinese Association also demanded an apology from the MP.
In a statement on its website, the group's religious harmony bureau chairman Datuk Ti Lian Ker said he was "ashamed and appalled" by the tweet.
"From insulting women to disabled people, Kinabatangan MP Datuk Bung Mokhtar is no stranger to controversy, but now his zero common sense in attributing Germany's win to Hitler will make Malaysia the centre of a negative attention once again."
If you were to create a Mount Rushmore of American craft brewing, whose faces would you have etched into stone? Few would argue with the selection of Ken Grossman for his work at Sierra Nevada, the trailblazing West Coast brewery that set the blueprint for so many that followed. Serious beer nerds would surely lobby for Charlie Papazian, whose The Complete Joy of Home Brewing inspired so many of the garage tinkerers who today define the beer scene in the U.S. But you'd be hard-pressed to make it past the planning committee without serious consideration for Garrett Oliver, best known today as the brewmaster at Brooklyn Brewery.
With a career in beer spanning back to the '80s, Oliver has been a vital and consistent link between the founders of the craft-beer movement and its current moment of unprecedented growth. He tasted some of the earliest microbrews—from San Francisco's Anchor Steam, as well as the now-defunct Manhattan Brewing Company—and filtered them through what he learned about beer while traveling through Europe to form his own brewing philosophy: Respectful of old-world traditions and techniques, yet never afraid to embrace the artistry and individuality of beer-making.
In addition to helping turn Brooklyn Brewery into the 11th largest craft brewery in the country, Oliver has established himself as one of the industry's most revered figures. Scholarly and hyper-articulate, he's helped to codify many of the wild-west antics of American brewing, from bottle-conditioning (which he studied to create Brooklyn's beloved Local 1), to food pairings (he literally wrote the book—The Brewmaster's Table—on it in 2003), and everything in between (two years ago, he edited the first Oxford Companion to Beer, 960 pages of pure beer geekery). He's also been a key ambassador for American craft-beer movement, solidifying ties to old European stalwarts like Brakspear and Schneider-Weisse through collaborations (a concept Oliver seems to have invented), and most recently breaking ground on a new Brooklyn Brewery project in Stockholm.
Suffice to say, Garrett Oliver has had a few beers in his day, and hearing him talk about them is like listening to Dr. Dre talk about his favorite beats, or hearing Scorsese break down the films that changed the game. You just shut up and listen—preferably with a pint in hand.
From his desert-island beer (Saison Dupont) to his most recent experiments in barrel-aging, these are the 10 beers that have shaped Oliver's understanding and love of craft beer.
Vertonghen tells Spurs: Sign me soon or I'll move to Arsenal
Tottenham target Jan Vertonghen says he will sign for Arsenal if they don't hurry up and complete his move from Ajax.
The Belgium international is close to a £9million move to White Hart Lane following talks with chairman Daniel Levy on Monday, but is growing frustrated as the deal drags on.
'I've said repeatedly that Tottenham are my first choice, but the talks haven't progressed,' said Vertonghen.
Ultimatum: Jan Vertonghen told Spurs to hurry up and complete move
'They have shown me around, I have met all their key people and their chairman came to meet me on Monday. But Arsenal want me too. They remain a possibility if my Spurs move falls through, as Ajax are asking £12m for me.
'That is a lot of money for someone with just a year left on his contract.
'I'm sure Spurs won't be able to pay that much after they missed out on the Champions League.
Move in the balance: Spurs chairman Daniel Levy held talks with Jan Vertonghen this week
'Ajax want to get as much as they can for me, while Spurs want to pay as little as possible.
'I hope a deal can be done. But I won't fight with Ajax – that is the last thing I'd want after so many good years with them.
'England is my preferred destination. But if needed I will see out my contract and leave on a free transfer next year.'
Written by Lisa Kennedy of California (USA)
I am blessed to live in coastal far northern California amidst the towering redwoods. Some time ago, I was working an early shift at the local casino and saw a dog sleeping on the speed bump behind the parking lot. She was a white and black border collie and ran off when I tried to approach her.
I asked around at work and lots of people had seen the dog but no one knew anything about her. After that first day, I began seeing her every morning and started arriving at work a few minutes early to try to coax her to me. She was matted and dirty and very skittish.
I Brought Her Food Every Morning
I began carrying a big bag of kibble in my car and fed her every morning. I was never able to convince the dog to come to me or to even let me get close, but I decided to name her Lucky since she was living at a casino.
I contacted animal control and the SPCA, but because Lucky was on tribal land, all hands were tied. I contacted the tribal office and they said I could have the dog if I caught her but they had no resources to help and no contract with county animal control.
I brought out treats and toys and tried everything I could to win her over to no avail. So she and I settled into a routine: every day I would show up early and put out a pie tin of dog kibble and talk to her and tell her she was a good dog and call her Lucky dog. Then I would back away and wait. She was so leery that she would let the crows and ravens eat the dog food if I stayed too close. In fact, she would wait until I was pretty far away before she would come and eat from the tin. This was the standoff from the beginning of April through the end of August.
I Woke With a Sudden Need to See Her
Then one afternoon I had taken a nap on my day off and woke up at about 4 pm and had a sudden need to go feed Lucky. I jumped in my car and went over to the casino and went and sat in the grass near her speed bump. I began tossing out kibbles and talking to her. She started circling in and after about 45 minutes she kind of slunk in and crawled over to me and rolled over on her back in complete submission. She had finally decided I was hers!
I didn't have a leash or anything so I just started petting her and slowly slipped off my sweatshirt and looped it around her neck and made a harness to guide her to my car. I opened the door and she jumped right in and sat up and all was good.
She'd Made Her Choice
On closer inspection, I could see that she was covered with fleas and ticks and burrs and mats. She had an old wound on the inside of her right rear leg and it resembled a bb gun pellet or something similar. I drove her to county animal control and even though it was closed, I convinced an officer there to scan her for a micro chip. She had none. He said I couldn't drop her off till they opened the next morning, Monday. I said no way. I was keeping her, or rather, she was keeping me!
I brought her home and locked her away from the other critters at our house and brought her into my bathroom and gave her the full beauty treatment, which she seemed to enjoy. I kept her isolated in case she had any diseases or parasites and the next morning I took her to the vet and she got all of her shots and a clean bill of health. We then went home and introduced her to the other critters in my family and there was not one squabble or growl.
It was meant to be. Lucky has been with us about 7 years now and is constantly at my side. I think I am really the lucky one.
Brought to you by The Great Animal Rescue Chase
Related Stories:
Little Dog in Steamy South Africa Delivers Pups During Rescue
Shortcut to Work Saves Pit Bull Fleeing on Railroad Tracks
Nevada Airport Worker Saved a Dog, But Lost Her Job
Police have released the names of the four victims killed in Wednesday's terror attack in Tel Aviv's Sarona Market.
Forty-two-year-old Ido Ben Ari from Ramat Gan, 39-year-old Ilana Naveh from Tel Aviv, 58-year-old Michael Feige from Ramat Gan and 32-year-old Mila Mishayev from Rishon Lezion were killed when two Palestinian terrorists opened fire inside a restaurant in the shopping complex in central Tel Aviv, according to police.
All four were Israeli citizens, a police statement added.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Sixteen others were injured in the attack. Three of the victims remained in intensive care Thursday morning at nearby Ichilov Hospital, along with one of the attackers who was shot by a security guard, according to a hospital spokesperson.
Ben-Ari was a father of two. He served in the elite Sayeret Matkal unit during his IDF service and was working in a senior position at The Coca-Cola Company's Israel branch, his sister told the Ynet news site.
In a statement, Coca-Cola said the company “mourns the tragic loss of our friend Ido Ben Ari, a victim of this horrific act. We send our condolences and warmest wishes to the family.”
His wife was among the injured. She was admitted to a hospital Wednesday in serious condition but doctors said she stabilized overnight and were now defining her condition as moderate, according to Army radio.
The couple were eating at the Max Brenner restaurant where the shooting took place.
Ben Ari's funeral will take place Thursday at 6 p.m. in Yavne.
Naveh, a mother of four, was out to celebrate her 40th birthday, according to media reports.
She will be buried in the Petah Tikva cemetery at 2 p.m. on Thursday.
Thirty-two-year-old Mishayev, the youngest of the four victims, was set to be married in the near future, according to Ynet. She was waiting in the restaurant for her boyfriend when the attack took place. She suffered bullet wounds to her lower body and later died of her injuries. According to Ynet, Mishayev managed to call her boyfriend immediately after the attack.
Feige was a professor of Israeli studies at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. According to a bio posted by the school, he was a “a sociologist and anthropologist that specializes in Israeli society, collective memory and political myth.”
He was a father of three.
Feige was a “really nice professor,” said Elisheva Goldberg, a graduate of Beersheba's Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, who took two courses with Feige.
“He wasn't one of those stuck-up academics, he was very approachable, very human and personable,” she said. “He always asked people's opinions, he was never rude, even when someone asked a stupid question, and he always made sure we understood what he was speaking about.”
Funeral details for these two victims were not immediately released.
The two gunmen, who hailed from the Palestinian town of Yatta in the southern West Bank, were caught shortly after the attack.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed “decisive action” to track down those responsible for the third deadly attack in the city this year.
Since October, 33 Israelis and four others have been killed and hundreds more injured in the spate of attacks, though the violence had dramatically waned of late. Some 200 Palestinians have also been killed, some two-thirds of them while carrying out attacks and the rest in clashes with troops, Israeli officials say.
Approximately 90 percent of Africans are regular participants in a religious congregation. Above, a Baptist church in Kenya.
Photo by Tony Karumba/AFP/Getty Images
The latest news on AIDS in sub-Saharan Africa, the epidemic's epicenter, is good. New HIV infections have declined by 25 percent since 2001, AIDS-related deaths have decreased by 32 percent over the past 6 years, and there are expanded options for testing and treatment. After decades of doom-and-gloom news about AIDS in Africa, optimism is finally in the air.
What's behind this positive turn? The standard narrative attributes these recent improvements to Western engagement. The heroes are the best-known acronyms in the world of AIDS (PEPFAR, UNAIDS, WHO), the Global Fund, and a host of NGOs. Together, these organizations have waged total war against AIDS in Africa—or what looks like total war if you compare it to efforts devoted to other diseases. They have spent tens of billions of dollars. They have mobilized legions of scientists, medical professionals, development workers, educators, TV programmers, marketing specialists, and volunteers. And they have shunned, silenced, and demonized those who oppose their good work. The good news about AIDS in Africa—so this standard narrative goes—is the result of their efforts. It's proof that even on that dark and desperate continent, awash with ancient superstitions, hypersexuality, dangerous traditional practices, and poor leadership, AIDS cannot withstand a sustained pummeling by well-intentioned and well-financed outsiders.
This narrative contains some important elements of truth: Pharmacological treatments in particular are transforming HIV from a death sentence into a manageable, chronic condition, at least for those with access to antiretrovirals. But most of the measured improvements in AIDS in Africa are actually the result of cumulative, widespread behavior change that has led to a reduction in new HIV infections. In other words, the standard narrative is wrong.
The narrative is wrong because it ignores local African responses to AIDS and characterizes religion and religious leaders as part of the problem. We have systematically studied the role of religious leaders in sub-Saharan Africa for about a decade. As a single class of people, local religious leaders sit at the very top of our list of who should receive credit for the behavior changes that have curbed the spread of HIV in Africa.
This statement may surprise or even irritate people imagining fire-and-brimstone preachers who condemn the use of condoms, push conservative messages about sex and morality, and interpret AIDS as God's wrath. That's not what African religious leaders have been doing—quite the contrary. Yet their story remains untold.
Approximately 90 percent of Africans participate regularly in some religious congregation, and religious leaders have been preaching about sexual morality, in particular about abstinence and fidelity. But Africa's religious leaders began doing this before PEPFAR and Western public health authorities told them to—long before the attention of the development world turned to AIDS in Africa. What prompted their efforts? Certainly not the fact that they were, or are, getting paid to do this by foreign NGOs. Ninety percent of congregation leaders in Malawi, where we began working on AIDS in 2004, have never seen a penny from any international NGO or their programs. Rather, they started preaching and teaching and facilitating conversations about AIDS when they became overwhelmed with caregiving and burial responsibilities, and when their members—especially the women—began demanding that they do so.
Local religious messages about abstinence and faithfulness are, at their root, moral messages, but not exclusively so. For nearly two decades, religious leaders of various stripes in Malawi—a religiously diverse country with high HIV prevalence—have been offering practical messages about how to resist the temptation of beautiful women, how to prevent jealousies in polygynous households, how to discern whether a boyfriend or girlfriend will be a faithful spouse in the long run, and why withholding sex within marriage might be risky for both partners. These messages have mattered. In congregations where AIDS and sexual mortality are discussed regularly, unmarried people are more likely to report being abstinent and married individuals faithful to their spouses.
At first, we worried that reporting bias (people wanting to appear good and consistent to interviewers asking invasive questions about religion, sexual behavior, etc.) could be driving this pattern. But when tested the responses against both more subjective and more objective criteria, the story checked out: Members of these congregations are less worried about AIDS (a good indicator that they aren't exposing themselves to much risk), and they're less likely to test positive for HIV. Far from pushing fire-and-brimstone doctrine, religious messages about abstinence and faithfulness have been pragmatic and effective. They have reduced the spread of HIV in countless African communities that have been unreached by resources from the Global Fund and its counterparts.
In addition to pushing ideas about sexual morality that have roots (even if shallow ones) in religious texts, religious leaders have been promoting innovations to prevent the spread of HIV. These stories, too, have gone untold—unacknowledged by the scientific literature and Western press. We have to wonder why, because condoms, divorce, and booze often make for excellent stories.
On condoms—the public health buff's favorite subject—religious leaders have been taking pragmatic positions. Most support the use of condoms to prevent HIV transmission. In the late 1980s, a Catholic priest in Tanzania, Father Bernard Joinet, designed a prevention campaign that used images of lifeboats in a sea of AIDS, including one (rubber) boat labeled “condom.” With the support of many religious leaders and organizations, including the Islamic Medical Association of Uganda, this balanced and pragmatic message quickly diffused throughout East Africa.
Of course, support for condoms doesn't mean that religious leaders are excitedly doling out condoms after communion. They are simply resigned to condoms as a lesser evil. At the same time, they criticize what they see as an obsessive focus on condom promotion on simple pragmatic grounds. First, condom-sex isn't sustainable in real relationships where there is a desire to procreate. (Childbearing remains important in Africa!) A second factor is pleasure. Said one of the many people we interviewed: “Sex with a condom is like eating a banana with the peel still on it. I've never liked those gadgets.” This is why most of the more than 200 religious leaders we interviewed think that condoms are not a sustainable way for couples to live their lives, navigate their relationships, and fully enjoy sex. With regrets to the Vatican and to its critics, low levels of condom use across Africa have little to do with official church teachings. When it comes to AIDS in contemporary Africa, official positions have taken a back seat to pragmatic ideas about how to avoid infection.
This pragmatism is evident in messages about alternative prevention strategies—many of which are endorsed by religious leaders. We frequently found religious leaders articulating new ways to navigate risky relationships, especially risky marriages, where one partner (imagine a careless, womanizing husband) is putting the other (stereotypically, a woman) at risk. In Malawi, we have documented a liberalization of attitudes toward divorce that, importantly, is specific to AIDS. Female-initiated divorce is not just tolerated under these circumstances—it is actively supported. Religious communities have been economically and emotionally supporting women who leave philandering husbands to protect themselves and to reduce the chance of their children being orphaned. New vocabulary for a religiously just divorce has emerged as AIDS has spread. Women have been using these ideas to pressure their husbands to change their ways and to kick out dangerous husbands (“Take your mat and go!” as our colleague Enid Schatz has described it) while leaving their own reputations intact.
Another example is related to religious prohibitions against alcohol consumption. Religious leaders from historically imbibing traditions have begun to preach about abstaining from alcohol, and many from historically teetotaling traditions have intensified their message. They have also begun to police members' drinking. To Western ears this sounds like an effort to exert quasi-inquisitional religious authority over individuals. But understand the context. Many of us drink in the comfort of our own homes (often accompanied by our loving partners). But consumption of alcohol across Africa tends to be more public and to occur in places that provide opportunities for unsafe sex: Women working at bars and bottle shops often double as prostitutes. So the religious leaders we interviewed not only preach against drinking and drunkenness, they also patrol local bars to deter members from wandering down a road that might lead to temptation and compromised decision-making. This is true not only of Christians. At the behest of his female congregants, one of our favorite imams camps out each evening at the trading center to send thirsty male Muslims safely home to their wives before they even have the chance to make a bad choice.
There is a more empirically accurate narrative about religion and AIDS in Africa, and we've described it at length in our recent book Religion and AIDS in Africa. There is no ambiguity in the data: Religion has been central to curbing the spread of HIV in local communities across sub-Saharan Africa. Measurable changes and improvements were detectable before PEPFAR and Gates dollars started rolling in. This leaves the puzzle of why this story has remained untold for so long while atypical stories of religious leaders pushing abstinence and burning condoms continue to circulate widely.
Is this just a typical misrepresentation of Africa? That seems a plausible explanation. With some exceptions, journalistic coverage of Africa tends to be flawed, especially when it deals with religion. Favored topics are religious superstitions, leaders' malfeasance, and poverty-porn featuring witchcraft. Since we can't get into the heads of Western journalists on the Africa beat or their editors, we make no assumptions about the underlying motives here. But it is 2013, and the West is still in the thrall of the outdated assumption that societies need to jettison old superstitions (religion in particular) in order to modernize. More troubling, Westerners have a hard time seeing anything uniquely African as a positive source of change.
There's a more general problem, neatly captured in Binyavanga Wainaina's amusing piece for Granta called “How to Write About Africa.” In the standard narrative, ignorant or aimless Africans passively await guidance and assistance from plucky Westerners who ride in to help—often to intense applause. (Think of Nick Kristof's regular columns praising earnest American volunteers.) Like Wainaina, we read such stories cautiously and suspiciously. Beyond being mildly offensive, these narratives simply don't fit the Africa we know—a place, like any other, in which people converse about and respond to AIDS, famine, war, and plain-old daily hardships in contested and complex ways. On the world's most religious continent, people use religious ideas, language, and organizations to address problems, big and small. This is the source of religion's positive contribution to the recent improvements in Africa's AIDS situation. Such stories need to be told.
Detective 'pressured to drop St Kilda rape case'
Updated
Victoria Police says it will look into claims that a senior detective was pressured to drop a 2004 rape case against St Kilda footballer Stephen Milne.
Former detective Scott Gladman has told Channel Nine he was intimidated and threatened by other officers to "do the right thing".
He says he was told he would be looked after if the case was not pursued.
Milne was accused of raping a woman at the home of his team-mate, Leigh Montagna, in March 2004.
Both men were interviewed by police but were not charged and have always denied the allegations.
After a two-month investigation, Victoria's Director of Public Prosecutions declined to prosecute Milne, concluding there was insufficient evidence for charges to be laid.
Mr Gladman says Milne is innocent until proven guilty in a court of law, but claims the case never got that far because the natural flow of justice was interrupted.
Mr Gladman says one senior police officer, who was a passionate St Kilda fan, called him to issue a warning.
"[He said] 'It didn't happen the way she said it happened. She's just one of these footy s***s that runs around looking for footballers to f***', was the words," he said.
"You better make this go away. You better do the right thing. You better make sure that this is done properly."
Mr Gladman claims the police officer called him twice more.
"I was left [with] no doubt in my mind that people have long memories in the police force and that if I want to go far, or want to get on, then I have to do the right thing here," he said.
Mr Gladman says parts of his brief of evidence went missing, sometimes for several hours, including the statement by the woman who made the rape allegation.
"So the football club would have been aware of the allegations in a statement form, the victim's names and the witness's names, within days of it happening," he said.
"I was riding home at night time with four folders in my backpack, an extra 10-15 kilos, because I couldn't leave the briefs at work."
Victoria Police says the allegations have not been raised with the Police Ethical Standards department but that Victoria Police will now take a look at what has been said and decide what further actions might need to be taken.
Acting Deputy Commissioner Steve Fontana says the allegations are extremely serious and will be thoroughly investigated.
"We certainly would like to speak to Scott Gladman in relation to the allegations and also pulling out the file, the brief of evidence," he said.
"We need to speak to all the parties involved, we need to speak to the victim in this matter just to keep her informed about the progress of the investigation."
There is no suggestion that Milne or Montagna were involved in the alleged interference with the police investigation.
Topics: law-crime-and-justice, crime, police, sexual-offences, sport, australian-football-league, vic, australia
First posted
Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, who is receiving negative press for amassing a campaign fund of $163,672,986 mostly from large donors and super PACs — compared to the Bernie Sanders fund of $75,055,063 — has decided that her solution to this embarrassingly large amount of money is to ask for more money.
According to The Republic:
Last year's fundraising reports show that Sanders raised 72 percent of his campaign money from people who gave $200 or less, while for Clinton those donors accounted for just 16 percent of her funds.
According to Business Insider:
Hillary Clinton's campaign asked supporters to donate $1, and people were not pleased. In an email, Clinton's campaign told supporters “I'm not kidding” and “to give $1 right this second.” While they weren't kidding, the internet turned the entire thing into a big joke anyway.
Over at Twitter, the hastag #ImNotKiddingMaddi was created to discuss the one dollar issue. A whole series of memes popped up, including this one from ImgFlip.com.
AVERAGE DONATIONS PER DONOR
Bernie Sanders has received funding from 1.3 million supporters. Hillary Clinton has “more than 750,000 donors.”
Hillary Clinton average donations per donor = $218.23
Bernie Sanders average donations per donor = $57.73
FINESSING NUMBERS TO CURB EMBARRASSMENT
There is a method to Hillary's request for single dollar donations beyond collecting the money. Hillary apparently would like to bring the average down. For example, if Hillary received one million one dollar donations, her average per donor would drop to $93.53. This would change her average donation from 377 percent of Bernie's average to 161 percent — not nearly so embarrassing.
On the other hand, an additional one million dollars to the Hillary campaign would have little effect on her ability to campaign, increasing her total funding only 0.6 percent. Conclusion: this is about appearances, not funding needs.
ObligatoryTLNote: Sorry, I took a break today, so I could only deliver one chapter. That reminds me, I revamped my “About Me” page for those interested in my MTL Method (Spoiler: Not exactly an original method). Anyways, do keep giving me feedback, I really do love reading all of your comments, even simple comments are appreciated.
During the whole month, almost all of the secret disciples, that Wang Lin met, showed aloof expressions, and upon seeing his face mocked him.
Wang Lin ignored this, he knew that the secret disciples have perverted and twisted minds, and until he had arrived they were the lowest level in the sect, suffering the constant toil unable to vent, however, now that he had arrived and become secret disciple by suicide, his position was even lower than that of ordinary secret disciples, no doubt that he became the target of everyone's bullying.
Sneering inwardly, he knew that such kind of things would not be solved by resisting, in the sect only strength matters, those secret disciples who have been here since before him are no doubt strong, and some have even learned basic immortal techniques, if he resisted against them he would surely lose.
But Wang Lis not a pushover either, although is bearing all the insults for now, he is patiently waiting for the day that he is able to match others in strength.
With this idea, he acted as if he was blind and deaf, no matter what others said, he still stuck to his work, fetching water daily in addition to secretly studying the mystical bead.
He experimented with various liquids to soak the bead into, spring water, dew, sweat, even blood he used but in the end he finally found that dew still gave the best results.
However, even dew could be distinguished, for instance the dew which appeared in the morning was the best, followed by the dew accumulated in night, and if dew was collected from other objects then the effect was even worse.
After that in terms of efficiency is Spring water, blood and sweat are almost ineffective, hardly any effect at all.
In order to not attract attention, he gathered a few wild bottle gourds, and after hollowing them used them to hold a variety of dew.
He didn't keep all those gourds with him, instead he found a remote place, and placed the gourds in separate places deeply burying them in the ground, and except when he had to complete his daily tasks, he never returned to the sect.
He carried a bottle gourd filled with spring water dew, and drank a few mouthful everytime he got tired and was immediately refreshed as a result.
In addition, Wang Lin also discovered a strange phenomenon, that is, whether night time or early morning time, a large amount of dew drops formed on the bead, but at the time of collecting, most of them disappear leaving only a tenth of the original amount.
Regarding this strange phenomenon, Wang Lin presumed that they must be absorbed by the bead, and altough this explanation is a little absurd, Wang Lin couldn't find any other pausible explanation for it.
One evening, Wang Lin filling the final three tanks, says to the yellow-clad Youth who is sitting in meditation: “Brother Liu, I want to go home so I won't be able to come tomorrow.”
The youth Liu Xing, opened his eyes to see Wang Lin, before snorting out “Oh?”.
Wang Lin did not mind, he had learned from Zhang Hu, that secret disciples have a chance to go visit their relatives upto three times in a year, can apply at any time to Elder Sun, and beg him to use his immortal technique to increase speed for faster travel time.
Wang Lin remembered that his father's birthday was coming up, so decided to go back, after leaving the yellow-clad youth started walking toward the Elder Sun who was responsible for secret disciples.
Heng Yue Sect has six academies with each academy having five subdivisions, the five subdivisions referring to the five elements, with each having secret disciples. True Disciples and Elders, usually live in the Academy, while fetching water, Wang Lin had often gazed enviously at them, standing outside the Academy, he shouted: “Secret Disciple Wang Lin, seeks Elder Sun.”
A White-clad Young man came out from the Academy, looked at Wang Lin arrogantly before asking: “Are you Wang Lin?”
Seeing the white-clad man, Wang Lin nodded in good faith.
He knows that the Heng Yue Sect disciples are divided by color grades of their robes. Secret disciples can be gray or yellow clad, the yellow color represented that they were eligible to practice immortal techniques. True Disciples based on their respective strengths, from high to low, divided into four colors namely – purple, black, white and red.
The White-clad young man looked over Wang Lin coldly, before returning back into the academy, Wang Lin also expressionlessly tried to keep pace with him.
Walking in the Academy, soon, he was brought next to a flower garden, the white-clad young man lazily said: “Master Sun, a Secret disciple has come to see you.”
With that, he stood casually.
A hoarse voice came from the garden: “You may go, Secret disciple come in”.
White-clad young man chuckled before leaving.
Wang Lin felt quite nervous, he opened the garden gate, and went in when suddenly a rich aroma assaulted him, looking back at the garden gate he wondered why he couldn't smell the aroma standing just outside the garden.
“What are you doing just standing there, not even going to say your name?” A complaining voice came out from a room located in the corner of the garden.
Wang Lin hastily respectfully said: “Secret Disciple Wang Lin, greets Elder Sun, tomorrow is my father's birthday and I want to go home.”
“Your name is Wang Lin?” It's you huh, Well, in order to Xiuxian one must cut off his connections with the mundane mortal world, if you are so worried about earthly things, you would never be able to become a Saint!” Rebuked the hoarse voice.
Wang Lin frowned, but said: “Secret Disciples do not learn any immortal techniques, how can we Xiuxian?”
The Elder remained silent for a while, after a while said impatiently: “This is valid for three days, stick it to your legs and it will greatly increase your speed for upto a thousand miles but can be used twice only.” With that said, a seemingly plain looking yellow paper wafted from the window of the room and gently falling near Wang Lin.
Wang Lin picked up the treasure in his arms, he knew from Zhang Hu that all secret disciples who were to return home were given this immortal talisman, the Heng Yue Sect's objective was very simple, to show off the immortal talisman thereby attracting more children to their admission tests.
In fact, this Immortal talisman was of very poor quality, having only a single advantage which is simplicity of usage, as it could be used merely by sticking it to one's legs. For mortals, it had the effect of increasing speed.
However, among the true disciples many people greedily accumulate them, because it is said that they may receive something in exchange for it at the Foreign Trade fair, as far as secret disciples, it is even more valued, and many people collect them, even using the excuse of visiting relatives to accumulate several.
Once out of the academy, Wang Lin walked towards his home, where he picked up his luggage, said goodbye to Zhang Hu and started descending the mountain.
It was a star-studded night, Wang Lin intended to walk the next day, not wanting to use his immortal talisman, but at the same time fearing being late for his father's birthday, in the end decided to leave in the night.
As soon as Wang Lin left, in the academy, Elder Sun pushed open the door to prepare to gather some herbs, was startled all of a sudden he looked to see that near the garden gate several blue lines had formed in the grass and the grass itself had withered.
Advertisements
Boston-area high school and college students, rejoice. A night at Fenway Park just got a whole lot cheaper.
The Boston Red Sox announced Wednesday that they will offer standing-room tickets at home games to high school and college students for just $9, making it the cheapest ticket in the ballpark.
Students also will have the chance to buy $20 seats during April and May for six “Super Student Nights,” which include themes such as Student Toga Night, Night of Champions and Class of 2014 Night.
“We know that our 2013 World Champions — with their relentless style, cool personalities, and funny beards — connected with young fans,” Sam Kennedy, the Red Sox's executive vice president/chief operating officer, said. “We want to make sure that this new generation of fans finds Fenway Park accessible, affordable, and enjoyable. It's essential to the future of our game.”
To buy the $9 standing-room seats or $20 Student Night seats, students can head to redsox.com/student, where they will be asked to fill out a brief form to receive a special code via email to complete the transaction.
Students will receive their tickets through My Tickets Mobile via the MLB's At the Ballpark mobile app. Once they get to the ballpark, they can scan their tickets directly from their phone and are required to present their school ID to gain entry.
Yes, that white stuff cows make. Anke Domaske, a German fashion designer/microbiologist, has found a way to create a special fiber from milk and use it to make fashionable eco-clothes.
The 28-year-old designer realized there's more to milk than meets the eye, and since she's always had a thing for science, she and her team spent years experimenting with turning it into eco-thread. It was a lot like experimenting ingredients you have in your cupboard, only in this case the result was truly revolutionary. They came up with a special mixture containing a protein derived from sour milk, which is processed in a lab, near the German city of Brehmen. It's heated up and pressed through a kind of mincing machine to create the threads. And the best thing is the milk used is low grade and would normally be thrown away.
But how does a fashion designer come up with a complicated formula for creating bio thread from milk? Anke Domaske learned to make clothes as a child, from her great grandmother, a milliner, but she also had a passion for science and even won a contest for up-and-coming scientists, as a teenager. After she finished school she went to Tokyo, Japan, where she sold t-shirts she designed herself. On her return home she began studying microbiology and set-up her own fashion label on the side. In short she managed to balance her two greatest interests and the result is astonishing.
One of the big qualities of milk fiber is that it has a silky texture, and unlike real silk, it can be produced without the use of pesticides. The fabric making process is also much more environment-friendly and considerably cheaper. Milk fabric is made of protein so you can wash it normally, and it's really easy to care for. Although most of us see milk as just a food product, it appears it's actually a wonderful natural resource that can be used for things we never even dreamed.
Anke Domaske's revolutionary milk fiber fashion is going on show this summer, and she's already received inquiries from all over the world. Next she plans to work on a men's line. Her designer clothes are priced between €150 ($214) and €200 ($286), which really isn't very much for the eco-luxury market.
via MYFDB Blog
We had an exciting day at the Ark Encounter today! Bill Nye, “the Science Guy,” who debated me here at the Creation Museum in 2014, came for a visit. A few weeks ago I publicly invited Mr. Nye for a friendly tour and offered to personally show him through the Ark if he would come. We were excited that he accepted my offer—and our presence there together created quite a stir with other Ark guests.
As we walked through the Ark, we had a very passionate discussion. It was like the debate all over again but more intense at times. Though it did get tense due to our differences in worldviews, it was an amicable visit.
Mr. Nye wanted to start his tour on the third deck where we discussed Flood geology and the ice core exhibit, which is part of the larger Ice Age exhibit. This display features a short clip from our debate of Bill Nye referring to ice cores in Greenland as an objection to the young earth view. In our exhibit I answer this objection; we even have a diorama to visually illustrate the answer. As we discussed geology and the Ice Age, our discussion turned toward worldviews. Ultimately, this is the heart of the issue—we have two different worldviews and two different interpretations of the same evidence because of our different starting points.
We're glad Bill Nye took me up on my friendly offer to show him the Ark. During his visit I was able to personally share the gospel with him very clearly. On the first deck, I asked him, before a crowd of people including many young people, if I could pray with him and was able to pray for him there. Our prayer is that what he saw will have an impact on him and that he will be drawn to the gospel of Jesus Christ that is clearly presented at the Ark.
Thanks for stopping by and thanks for praying,
Ken
This item was written with the assistance of AiG's research team.
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany said she was “dismayed” by the sentence. The United Nations said Mr. Liu's conviction had thrown “an ominous shadow” over China's commitments to human rights.
Such pointed criticisms are unlikely to have much impact, many China analysts said. Mr. Hu assumed full power in 2003 after a period of modest legal reforms. But under his leadership, the government has presided over a tightening of Internet restrictions, the repression of rights lawyers and the persecution of intellectuals who called for greater transparency and an end to single-party rule. Those who thought that the leadership might loosen its controls for the Beijing Olympics last year were disheartened by the crackdown that took place to prevent people from organizing demonstrations.
Edward Friedman, an expert on Chinese politics at the University of Wisconsin in Madison, said many people in the West had been clinging to the misguided notion that China's economic development would quickly lead to political liberalization. “It's clear that what matters most to the Chinese Communist Party is the survival of the regime and their monopoly on power,” he said.
Many human rights advocates partly blame Western political leaders for putting up with China's growing intolerance of domestic dissent. They contend that as China's economic power has expanded, the United States and Europe have been softening calls for human rights.
Photo
They were especially critical of Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton's visit to Beijing last February, arguing that human rights took a back seat to an agenda focused on economic concerns and efforts to gain China's cooperation in dealing with Iran and North Korea.
Many human rights advocates were also unhappy with Mr. Obama's decision to put off a meeting with the Dalai Lama, the Tibetan spiritual leader, shortly before the president's visit to Beijing. The move, they said, was intended to avoid offending China.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The White House insists that it is committed to promoting freedom, but says that it is trying to make its case without the public hectoring favored by the Bush and Clinton administrations. Mrs. Clinton has called the approach “principled pragmatism.”
Phelim Kine, a researcher with Human Rights Watch in Hong Kong, said that quiet diplomacy was valuable at times, but that without real pressure from the United States, its largest trading partner, China had no incentive to improve its human rights record. “In the aftermath of the tragic conviction of Liu Xiaobo, we really need to think about how the U.S. is going to engage China and make sure that there are real benchmarks for progress,” he said.
He and others maintain that the United States and its allies must break free from a mentality that fears the economic might of a rising China. The United States can no longer prod China on human rights through the annual battle over “most favored nation” trading status, because China is now a member of the World Trade Organization. But human rights advocates say that the White House still has substantial leverage when it comes to trade.
Photo
And while China may hold hundreds of billions of dollars of the United States government's debt, in the form of Treasury bonds and other Treasury securities, some analysts play down concerns about the possibility of China retaliating against American pressure over human rights by selling off its holdings. Gordon Chang, the author of “The Coming Collapse of China,” said that the Chinese government simply had nowhere else to park its swelling foreign reserves.
China's huge trade imbalance with the United States, Mr. Chang said, is a potential cudgel that Washington should be prepared to use. “President Obama can get on the phone with Hu Jintao and say these are the things you need to do,” he said.
“We are extremely indulgent about irresponsible Chinese conduct when it comes to human rights,” Mr. Chang added. “We are encouraging the very type of behavior we're trying to prevent.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Friedman of the University of Wisconsin agrees that the United States should play hard ball but said that to have any chance of moving Beijing, such efforts must be coordinated with other countries that have significant trade with China. Otherwise, he said, the Chinese government can simply play one nation against the other. “Even if you have unity on the issue, you're not guaranteed to win but without it, you don't stand a chance,” he said.
When it comes to facing pressure from the West or agitation by activists at home, Chinese leaders do not want to appear weak. But in the end, they will place domestic concerns first -- and it is at this audience that crackdown on dissent is aimed. As use of the Internet has spread and uneven economic growth creates ever-larger gaps between rich and poor, the government is nervous about the potential for unrest that could threaten its power.
While they were not timid in their prosecution of Mr. Liu, the authorities made sure that coverage of his trial stayed out of the state-run news media.
Even as it questioned hundreds of people who signed Charter 08, the manifesto Mr. Liu helped to draft, government censors had any mention of the document quickly scrubbed from the Internet after it became public a year ago. There was one exception, however. On Friday, the English-language edition of Xinhua, the official news agency, published a brief item about Mr. Liu's sentencing. The article said the court “had strictly followed the legal procedures in this case and fully protected Liu's litigation rights.” The Chinese-language version of Xinhua, however, made no mention of the verdict. Instead, it declared 2009 the “year of citizens' rights.”
The Balochistan High Court (BHC) on Wednesday dismissed an application challenging the acquittal of former president General (retd) Pervez Musharraf and others in the Nawab Akbar Khan Bugti murder case.
The application had been filed by the Baloch nationalist leader's son, Jamil Akbar Bugti, in 2016, challenging the verdict of an Anti-Terrorist Court (ATC) in Quetta that acquitted the former military dictator and others in the case.
A divisional bench of BHC, comprising justice Jamal Mandokhail and Justice Nazeer Ahmed Langove, dismissed the application challenging the acquittal and maintained the judgement of the ATC.
"We are not satisfied with the judgment," Jamil Bugti's counsel, Advocate Sohail Rajput, told reporters outside the high court. "We will challenge the BHC dismissal of our application in the Supreme Court."
Baloch leader Nawab Akbar Bugti was killed in an operation in Balochistan's rugged mountains of Taratani in Kohlu district on August 26, 2006.
The death of the Baloch chieftain had sparked angry protests in parts of the country.
Jamil Bugti had nominated Musharraf, former Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz, former interior minister Aftab Ahmed Khan Sherpao, former governor Balochistan Owais Ahmed Ghani and others in his father's case.
PITTSBURGH -- For the second straight season, Pitt has knocked off the No. 2-ranked team in the country, this time beating Miami 24-14. The Panthers beat Clemson last season 43-42 in Week 10. They ended Miami's 15-game win streak -- and potentially its hopes of making the College Football Playoff.
Clemson still made the playoff last season after its loss to Pitt, eventually winning the national championship, but it also got help when No. 3-ranked Michigan and No. 4-ranked Washington lost the same week.
Miami won't get the same help, and although it had already clinched the Coastal Division of the ACC prior to this game, the Hurricanes will face the Tigers in the ACC Championship Game. A win in that game might be enough to keep Miami in the playoff, but a loss could put the Hurricanes on the outside looking in.
Quarterback Kenny Pickett and Pittsburgh shocked No. 2 Miami on Saturday. Charles LeClaire/USA TODAY Sports
The performance against Pitt doesn't give Miami a lot of confidence heading into that championship game, as the team had a slow start for the second straight game. Pitt got out to an early lead in the first quarter and again in the second, and never relinquished the lead from there.
The Panthers did it behind freshman quarterback Kenny Pickett, who threw for 193 yards in his first start and ran for two touchdowns. Pickett was the first true freshman quarterback to start for Pitt since Pat Bostick did it in 2007, and he showed confidence and poise, making big plays with his arm and feet.
The Miami defense didn't give up many big plays, but Pickett and the offense kept chunking away. Despite two forced turnovers from the Miami defense, Pitt still found a way to gain 345 total yards and come out on top.
The Miami offense did not find the same success, as quarterback Malik Rosier struggled, throwing for 187 yards and only completing 44 percent of his passes. Rosier was eventually pulled in the fourth quarter, replaced by sophomore Evan Shirreffs, but he was put back in the game after Shirreffs failed to get anything going for the offense.
Rosier and the offense only scored seven points through the first three quarters, which was the fewest they had scored all season, and he was the team's leading rusher at the time he was replaced.
The Canes still have much to play for, but their performance over the past two games has not been inspiring.
Click to enlarge. (Max Fisher/Washington Post)
Buried several hundred pages into a new World Economic Forum report on global tourism, past the sections on air travel infrastructure and physician density (by which they mean the number of physicians per capita, not the mass-per-cubic-meter of individual doctors), are some very interesting numbers. The WEF has compiled survey data from 140 countries estimating the attitude of each countries' population toward foreign visitors.
The results, mapped out above, seem significant beyond just tourism. Red countries are less welcoming to foreign visitors, according to the data; blue countries are more welcoming. Click the map (or here) to enlarge the image.
The WEF gathered the data from late 2011 through late 2012 by asking respondents, "How welcome are foreign visitors in your country?" The WEF explains that the survey results are meant to help "measure the extent to which a country and society are open to tourism and foreign visitors."
According to the data, the top three most welcoming countries for foreigners are, in order: Iceland, New Zealand and Morocco. Other high-ranking countries include the rich and peaceful of the Western world (Ireland, Canada, Austria), a few tourist havens (Thailand, United Arab Emirates), and, for some reason, big parts of West Africa.
The three countries least welcoming to foreigners are, in order: Bolivia, Venezuela and Russia. Other poorly ranked countries include the more troubled states of the greater Middle East (Iran, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia), Eastern Europe and two East Asian states I was very surprised to see so near the bottom: China and South Korea.
Part of what makes these data so interesting is that there is no easy "grand unifying theory" that I can see, no single variable that explains the outcomes. It's not wealth or GDP per capita: that would not explain why South Korea ranks so low, or the variance among rich Western states. It's certainly not the number of foreign visitors: the mid-ranking United States and low-ranked China have some of the world's highest rates of foreign tourism.
If anything, maybe what's interesting about this map is the degree to which it seems to cut against common American perceptions of the world. Although there are definitely some Middle Eastern states in the red here, the region actually scores pretty well. Tourism-friendly Morocco is no surprise, but you might not have expected to see Yemen ranked above Sweden and Belgium.
Western Europe is generally friendly toward foreigners but, perhaps because of the touchy politics around immigration there, ranks alongside much of sub-Saharan Africa. The United States, the land of the Statue of Liberty and "give us your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free," ranks 102nd out of 140 countries, well below much of the Middle East.
One thing I'm struck by, in trying to puzzle out this map, is the apparent correlation between unfriendliness to foreigners and nationalism. That would maybe help to explain the low ratings for China and South Korea (although there are other possible factors here, including race) and for Russia. It might also help to explain why the United States, Germany and Japan -- three countries with strongly nationalist histories -- rank below other wealthy nations.
The nationalism theory makes a bit more sense when we look region-to-region. In Latin America, for example, a region generally friendly to foreigners, three countries stand out: Bolivia, Ecuador and Venezuela. All three have governments that could be fairly described as nationalistic. It also makes some sense in the Middle East, where Saudi Arabia and Iran rank poorly among countries that generally court foreign tourism.
But there are reasons to think my theory might be wrong: it doesn't explain why Denmark, a rich Western European country, is so much redder than its neighbors, for example; nor does it explain the variation in southern Africa.
What do you think explains the trends on this map? Weigh in somewhere in the comments or on Twitter/Facebook, and I'll try to pull in any interesting theories.
Pocket
Ronnie Singh, aka ‘Ronnie 2K', is the digital marketing director of 2K Sports, the social media face of the game and your source for everything at 2K, actually. He talked with HoopsHype about the passion players show for the game, the new features on 2K17, his sneaker collection and Kobe Bryant‘s impact on the 2K series.
Just a few days away from the release of NBA 2K17, I can't imagine how busy you are but at the same time you must feel very excited.
Ronnie Singh: Yeah. It is. We work all year… There's a lot of people that work really hard towards this time of the year, you know just a couple of weeks before launch when everybody, all our fans are very excited to get their hands on the game.
How long have you been involved with 2K?
RS: I've been here eight and a half years and this is my ninth NBA game launch.
I'm sure 2K17 will be your favorite from now on, but which 2k edition brings the best memories?
RS: My favorite game is probably… It's either 2K15 or 2K11. I really think this one [2k17] will be the best one of all time. I know everybody says it every year, but I've been pretty honest about what my favorites are. 2K16 was not my favorite of all time… It's good, it's a great game and there are a lot of things that we did that were really great… Spike Lee, all that stuff. But this year the gameplay is extremely smooth and that's what it comes down to. Gameplay is key to me and at the end of the day this is a basketball game and I think this is our best gameplay of all the editions. So 2K17, 2K15 and 2K11, that would probably be the order that I would take.
And in terms of our marketing campaign, I liked 2K11 because we worked with great athletes. I really love this campaign too because we work with seven guys who are super passionate about 2K, they play the game all the time. I liked the legends concept in 2K12… Marketing is tough. Every year we have a different challenge. The generational leap, there's been a couple of times where the game has taken a dramatic improvement, and I'd say this 2K17 is one of those. It's difficult in a way to sell something that looks the same and make it extremely different to the fans. And it is extremely different as a lot of our guys work really hard to create a lot of new features, a lot of innovation. But to do it every single year so people get excited it's a challenge, but it's a really fun one.
2K fans are passionate and the criticism is there every year. How do you manage all that personally?
RS: Those expectations come from having a lot of success. The fans demand a lot, and we have a lot of people involved that are listening on the forums, on Twitter… A lot of people reading stuff. It's about being competitive with ourselves, and as soon as 2K17 ships we'll start working on making 2K18 even better.
Fans are demanding… And now the players too! It's all about the ratings. Can you tell us something about how the rating process works?
RS: [Laughs] The ratings have always been a very contentious subject because at the end of the day it's a number, and everybody expects themselves to be the best of the best. So everybody wants to be a 99, and there's only one 99 in the game, '95-96 Michael Jordan. We use a ton of formulas, a ton of algorithms, a ton of discussion. So this year LeBron James is a 96 and then everyone kind of falls in line right under him. We used to have more 90's in our game, our ratings just generally were higher, and we felt like that it didn't create enough wiggle room to build. We have some really smart people working on the ratings team.
How many players have contacted you personally asking about their ratings?
RS: A couple of hundreds. Let me think about that for a second. There's about 450 players in the league and not all of them are interested. The problem with so many askings is it takes a lot to pull the rating, making sure that everybody has seen it and is comfortable going out. So it's kind of queued up. We are very passionate about we're doing. It was quite a queue and it grows every single year. We've been doing the ratings thing for a while but this year there were so many requests. Last year there were like 100 and like I said this year there has been like 200.
Any Twitter DMs from NBA players complaining about them?
RS: Oh yeah, for sure. Absolutely.
You don't have to say any names…
RS: I don't want to throw them under the bus. But listen, it makes sense. Everybody wants to be a 99, everybody compares themselves to other people around their rating and say ‘Hey, I'm better than that guy, I'm better than that other guy'… It's a really difficult thing to do. The one thing about really seeing the ratings individually is that you don't really get a context of who they are next to. A lot of people were upset about the [Kristaps] Porzingis rating. He's an 80, but there are a lot of guys around him that are definitely on his level and maybe even better. I don't mean to pick on Porzingis because I think he is one of the future Top 10 basketball players in the Association. I really think that he is. I don't know if you saw that CJ McCollum tweet about the ratings issue…
It's funny how people get mad over their @NBA2K ratings. If you dnt like your ratings go serve & get ya # up. That's what I'm on #hibachi — CJ McCollum (@CJMcCollum) August 28, 2016
Yes, it was great.
RS: It's really true. That's what the guys can control. But it means a lot to these guys and that's really great that they think about the game and its ratings. There are a few guys that said to me in direct messages something like, “One of the reasons I worked so hard last season was in order to get a better 2K rating.” It's really funny to me that they love to play basketball and also they get a thrill out of getting their NBA 2K rating.
Players love the ratings and their faces too. Evan Fournier's character went viral, but now he's happy with the changes.
RS: He is. That was a really weird one-off situation. I'm not really sure what happened with his scan… Again, we have so many players in the league. But it was fixed immediately, so that makes me believe it wasn't a problem with his scan or his art or anything like that. It was something else. We work really hard to get this guys' scan. I've thought about this… If you want to make sure it's right, just come to our office or we'll come to you and we'll get it fixed, we'll get you re-scanned. We'll probably do that in the coming month.
Here is the new screenshot, what y'all think? /
Alors vous en pensez quoi? #NBA2K17 pic.twitter.com/AEANNF0XlO — Evan Fournier (@EvanFourmizz) August 31, 2016
A couple of days ago you played ball with Karl-Anthony Towns and D'Angelo Russell. They put on those tight, motion-capture leotards… How was that?
RS: It was great. Those two are extremely passionate about our game, I know both of them for a couple of years. I'ts kind of amazing they're 20. They are both extremely young but very professional, the 2K game means so much to them and it was a very cool experience.
Towns played the game and tweeted that Stephen Curry was ridiculous. How difficult was for the 2K team to make the virtual Curry play like the real Curry? You look at his game and sometimes it's like he's cheating.
RS: We had a lot of discussions about this last year. There was a patch that allowed us to kind of address some of the things Curry was doing. A 35-foot shot for him is like another person's three-point shot. So he's like a walking videogame, and the challenge was to make him realistic and relevant to what he is but also not make the game ‘cheesy' as people say… But he is ‘cheesy' in real life when launching those shots [laughs]. In fact I don't think he's going to be the only one firing from that distance. Damian Lillard and others will do the same and we'll have to address that in terms of gameplay.
So if I play against the Warriors, I should expect Curry shooting closer to midcourt.
RS: Yeah, you'll have to definitely pick him up at halfcourt. If not, you're going to get punished.
Read about my 1st meeting w/ @michaelb4jordan in '14 & how we got to today. Congrats friend! https://t.co/Nsu1FgAyqo pic.twitter.com/WtBH9sNmvq — Ronnie 2K 2K17 (@Ronnie2K) September 2, 2016
How did actor Michael B. Jordan get involved in the project and what will his role be?
RS: It's funny, actually I met him in New Orleans at the 2014 NBA All-Star Game, so that was before Creed. I've always been a fan of his work like Friday Night Lights, Hardball, Fruitvale Station… It was really cool meeting him, and he is such a huge fan of the game. So as busy as he is, we talk every few weeks to keep in touch. After the Spike Lee stuff of last year, we realized our next step on our evolution was to bring an all-star cast. Then Creed came out, and he was so great in that movie. I think he should have been at least an Oscar nominee if not the winner. Then we were having some brainstorming meetings and our head of the studio was like, “Does anybody know how can we get in touch with him?” and I was like, “Yeah, I have his phone number, I've been talking with him for a couple of years.” I called him later that day and he was totally over the moon. The development team kind of took over. He worked with us for a few of weeks, shot a lot of scenes with our team… An award-winning actor who is humble and loves your game, it was very cool.
Kobe Bryant has always been part of the 2K series. Did you want to pay tribute to the Black Mamba when he said he was retiring? Was it already planned?
RS: A little bit of both. Nothing comes together in a day. We've worked with Kobe for a long time, he has been a great contributor to the franchise, he was our cover on 2K10… Getting his experience and to celebrate his career was really important to us. He's even relevant in the career mode this year. We have this feature called Doin' Work and it actually came from an idea Kobe had. It's not really just getting upgrades about what you do on the court but also behind the scenes. So in MyCourt mode we have this place where you work on your game, and as you practice you pick up career attribute upgrades, and it really came from Kobe.
What are your favorite sneakers?
RS: Oh man… I've always loved the ‘What The?' series from Nike. I really love the Don 2s, those are really cool. I have almost 300 shoes at home that I have collected myself outside of 2K. I'm a bit of a sneakerhead myself and I'm really glad that the sneakers, with the new 3D technology, they look amazing. I sent my Don 2s to my team to scan and then I saw them in game and I'm like “Wow, it's insane how realistic they are.” You can't even tell the difference. Somebody texted me and told me, “That's the real pair.”
Can you tell us the rating of any player that is not known at the moment so we can have a 2K exclusive here at HoopsHype?
RS: Well, let me think… Well, we talked about Lillard before: 89.
For every action, there is a reaction, right? Or the scientists tell us something like that.In the political world, the same phenomenon holds true. Barack Obama rose in reaction to the Bush presidency. The tea party rose in reaction to the Obama presidency. And now, business Republicans are rising in reaction to the tea party.A good indication of this latest counter-reformation is found in the story in our paper today about Dallas business leaders speaking out about the Ted Cruz/tea party style of leadership. Here are two key quotes from Jim Oberwetter, the former ambassador to Saudi Arabia who nowheads the Dallas Regional Chamber:“We are not looking for a wrecking party to govern. That is nonsensical. … In a country like ours, you have to make compromises.”“It would be wrong to hand the keys to the country over to academic and theoretical arguments when we need to take action. When a populist point of view becomes so prominent, people in the business community need to voice their views just as loudly.”Business Republicans in Washington are reacting as well. This New York Times article reports on how leaders from a number of business groups are exasperated with the current trend and are considering fielding candidates to run in GOP primaries, including against tea party candidates.These are significant developments. Sooner than later, the GOP needs a square-off between limited government conservatives and anti-government conservatives . The tea party has had the momentum, but the Cruz-led fight over the last month is hurting the GOP with the larger public. (See the GOP numbers in this NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll from last week.)Limited government conservatives need to recapture the momentum in order to keep their party from going over the edge. The fact that some are now speaking out about this is reassuring. The battle, however, has yet to be fought.
experiencing
experience
Dark Souls, every time I hear this name pleasant and enchanting visions flutter through my subconscious, forming images in my engulfed mind of the many adventures I have had in the realm of Lordran.I'm not really sure when exactly I got Dark Souls, I just remember that it was briefly before people began to really dig into the lore. So I was lucky in that sense. I remember how I struggled through my first play through of the game, how sometimes hope did seem so distant, like the Sun streams blemished light over the many lands.And I clearly remember eagerly telling my friends about the game, how it was fair and just in it's mechanics. I also remember the first statements they would make once I explain my experience with the game, "Oh wow, that sounds pretty awesome dude! But, what's the Story like?" In response I would just kind of stand there, thinking for a way to properly explain this, though I could not, until later..Traditionally, I prefer a game with a good story, nothing seems to grip me more than a world I can leap into. And this is why Dark Souls was such a, peculiar thing for me at first.I never noticed that there wasn't an Obvious story for the game. I never questioned it, nothing ever prompted me to question it; and while yes, this is negative in the sense that I might have never been able to find any of the true lore out like so many have (and greatly so), I feel that it is extremely baffling, that in all of those first hours of gameplay, I would simply walk around the lands of Lordran, so absorbed by atmosphere alone that I never felt drawn out of the game, It was like there was one massive, illusive, and ever present source of mystery and power in this world. Even though I had never found a True story, there was a setting clear to me, and somehow, I knew that there was one.Okay, when I saw, "I knew that there was one." I don't literally mean that I knew there was a story... It was a feeling, and Intuitive feeling, driven by the Sentimental aesthetics of the game, and the few Dialogues that were presented to one. It was like I didn't even truly need the Lore (though no doubt I adore it for every ounce of it's literary and visual being.)When the lore finally began to form in the community, I found myself falling into it, like a moth drawn into a flame, the only difference being though, that my wings did not burn- how could they?If anything, it was like I had turned into a gigantic moth and extinguished the flame with a single gust generated by new, and massive wings. This feeling of mystery I had sensed was starting to uncoil itself, gradually, and graciously.I would watch Epic Name Bro's Lore video's on youtube, and that of many others. I would then hungrily delve into the world again, find new paths, find the connections that so many others were finding now, proving them for myself, and of course speculating, as is only natural.Ever since then, Dark Souls has been a fixation, it has become a large Inspiration for me. It's truly tragic tales are close to the best and most engrossing stories I have had the pleasure ofand emphasis on experiencing! Since Dark Souls is a video game, you go through it differently than a book or a movie. It is one way to prove what kind of art can be created from Video Games.So what does Dark Souls mean to me? Well, I can't really formulate what it means to me into words. But I can feel clearly that it means a great deal, and I can hardly wait to delve further into this world with the next instalment, which I am sure most of us (if not all) are eagerly awaiting.However, what I am most excited about, is being able toa Souls game with this comunity.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Over at the Economist, E.M. writes about Harry Reid's failed attempt to pass the DREAM Act and repeal Don't Ask Don't Tell:
Politically speaking, it is arguably better for the Democrats that these measures do not pass: many of their disappointed backers will doubtless resolve to head to the polls in November to punish the recalcitrant Republicans and reward the Democrats, in the hope of better luck next time. But that thinking rests on the assumption that advocates of gay rights or immigration amnesties or healthy firemen will blame the Republicans (and the filibuster) for their misfortune. The problem is that increasing numbers of them blame Mr Reid and the Democrats instead. They, after all, had the votes before the death of Ted Kennedy to push all these measures through the Senate, but instead hummed and hawed until it was too late. Mr Reid cannot embarrass the Republicans by inducing them to filibuster a seemingly unobjectionable bill without reminding the left of how little the Democrats did with their filibuster-proof majority when they had it. And the more used Democratic activists feel, the less likely they are to rush to the polls to castigate the Republicans.
Well, let's at least get our history straight. Until Al Franken was sworn in on July 7, the Democratic caucus in the Senate stood at 59. After that it was technically up to 60, but Ted Kennedy hadn't cast a vote in months and was housebound due to illness. He died a few weeks later and was replaced by Paul Kirk on September 24, finally bringing the Democratic majority up to 60 in practice as well as theory. After that the Senate was in session for 11 weeks before taking its winter recess, followed by three weeks until Scott Brown won Kennedy's seat in the Massachusetts special election.
So that means Democrats had an effective filibuster-proof majority for about 14 weeks. Did they squander it? I guess you can make that case, but there's a very limited amount you can do in the Senate in 14 weeks. Given the reality of what it takes to move legislation through committee and onto the floor (keeping in mind that the filibuster isn't the minority party's only way to slow things down), I think you might make the case, at most, that a single additional piece of legislation could have been forced through during that period. But probably not much more than that. Democrats basically had a filibuster-proof majority for about three months. That's just not very long.
ROME (Reuters) - The ousted Grand Master of the Knights of Malta Catholic charity will attend a meeting that could elect his successor, the group said on Wednesday, in a direct defiance of Pope Francis' order for him to stay away.
Pope Francis (R) meets Robert Matthew Festing, Prince and Grand Master of the Sovereign Order of Malta during a private audience at the Vatican June 23, 2016. REUTERS/Gabriel Bouys/Pool/File Photo
A spokesperson for the Knights said Matthew Festing, who resigned on Jan. 24, had informed the group that he would come to the meeting this Saturday at its headquarters in Rome.
It was not clear if he would stand for re-election, as some of his supporters have urged him to.
On April 15, Archbishop Angelo Becciu, the Vatican's deputy secretary of state, who the pope named “special delegate” to the ancient chivalric group, ordered Festing not to travel to Rome for the election.
“Your presence would re-open wounds, only recently healed, and would prevent the event taking place in an atmosphere of peace and regained harmony,” Becciu said in a letter, a copy of which was obtained by Reuters from a Vatican source.
Becciu said in the letter the pope “shared” his decision and asked Festing to stay away as “an act of obedience”.
Festing tendered his resignation to the pope after a month-long, highly public spat with the Vatican over the group's sovereignty.
The turmoil began in December when Festing, a Briton, fired Albrecht Freiherr von Boeselager, the German-born Grand Chancellor of the aristocratic order.
Festing and conservative U.S. Cardinal Raymond Leo Burke, the group's chaplain and a frequent critic of the pope, had accused Boeselager of violating Church rules by turning a blind eye to the use of condoms in aid projects in the developing world when he was in a previous post.
Festing, who defiantly ordered members not to cooperate with a papal investigation of events surrounding Boeselager's dismissal, lost his battle with the Vatican and became the first Grand Master in centuries to resign instead of ruling for life.
The Vatican concluded the condom issue was just an excuse by Festing and Burke to wield more power in the 970-year-old organisation and Boselager was reinstated.
The Knights of Malta count some 13,000 members, 80,000 volunteers and about 25,000 paid employees, mostly medical staff who run charities and development projects around the world.
The all-male top leaders are not clerics but take vows of poverty, chastity and obedience to the pope.
The Vatican wants this weekend's vote to elect an interim leader to run the group for a year while its constitution is changed. But the group could also decide to elect a new Grand Master.
Updated 16.40
CARDINAL SEÁN BRADY has asked GAA clubs to stop scheduling games at the same time as Sunday morning Mass.
The Primate of All Ireland wrote to GAA leaders in Armagh, Louth, Derry and Tyrone making the request after priests in the archdiocese raised concerns about throw-in times, the Irish News reports (print edition). It's understood that county games are not held on Sunday mornings, but lower-level club fixtures sometimes are.
The complaint echoes concerns raised by the Church three years ago, when it warned there was an “ever-increasing frequency in the scheduling of underage training sessions and competitive games on Sunday mornings”. Calling the clashes a “conflict of interest”, the Irish Bishops Conference explained: “When practice sessions or competitions occur repeatedly on Sunday mornings then a young participant can lose the habit of going to Sunday Mass.”
The Catholic Church confirmed to TheJournal.ie that Cardinal Brady had made the request after a meeting with clergy. The four GAA County Boards replied saying they discouraged clubs from scheduling games at the same time as church services, a spokesperson added.
Cardinal Brady's request comes as a Mayo priest has complained that Croagh Patrick was becoming “secularised” by charity and sporting events. Fr Frank Fahey told the Sunday Times (subscription) that the mountain should keep its “sacred” meaning and association with the Church. “There are plenty of other mountains where many of these events could be held,” he said.
Read Maeve Connolly's full story in today's Irish News (print edition) >
Benjamin Zhang/Business Insider
On Tuesday, the US Department of Commerce issued a preliminary ruling that would levy a 219.63% tariff on every Bombardier C Series airliner imported into the US.
The US International Trade Commission will issue a final judgment on the Commerce Department's proposed tariffs in early 2018.
Tuesday's ruling comes as a result of a complaint Boeing filed in April alleging Bombardier's landmark 2016 deal with Delta Air Lines is the result of abnormally low prices made possible by Canadian government subsidies. Boeing contends that Bombardier's subsidized sales of the C Series airliner in the US came at the detriment of its 737 NG and 737 MAX models.
"The US Department of Commerce today affirmed that Bombardier has taken massive illegal subsidies in violation of existing trade law," Boeing said in a statement. "Subsidies enabled Bombardier to dump its product into the US market, harming aerospace workers in the United States and throughout Boeing's global supply chain."
Benjamin Zhang/Business Insider
Bombardier responded in a statement, calling the ruling "absurd and divorced from reality." The Montreal-based airplane manufacturer also hit out at Boeing, accusing it of manipulating US trade laws to stifle competition.
"We are confident the USITC will conclude that no US manufacturer is at risk because neither Boeing nor any other US manufacturer makes any 100-110 seat aircraft that competes with the CS100," Delta said in a statement. "Boeing has no American-made product to offer because it canceled production of its only aircraft in this size range — the 717 — more than 10 years ago."
According to Delta, Boeing's only proposed alternative to the CS100 was to offer it a batch of second-hand Brazilian Embraer E190 regional jets. Oddly enough, the used Embraers that Boeing offered Delta were reportedly traded in by Air Canada.
How we got here
For years, the story around the Bombardier C Series program has been blighted cost overruns, developmental delays, and slow sales.
In 2015, Bombardier was forced to write down $4.4 billion. At the same time, the company took a $1 billion bailout from the Quebec government. In return, the provincial taxpayers took a 49.5% stake in the C Series. Even as it struggled to close a sale, Bombardier was credited with building an aircraft that's one of the most capable on the market today. The plane's operators say the C Series is delivering fuel economy even better than what Bombardier promised.
Benjamin Zhang/Business Insider At the heart of Boeing's complaint is a deal that was widely seen as the order that saved the Bombardier C Series program from its demise.
Looking for a blockbuster sale to help build traction for the plane in the US, Bombardier went all-in on a pitch to United Airlines. Sensing the new competition, Boeing bit the bullet and gave United a whopping 70% discount on 40 737-700s. While large airlines like United never pay list price, 70% off is the aviation equivalent of a Black Friday sale price.
In January 2016, United announced the sale of 40 737-700s followed by an order for another 25 of the planes in March. (Oddly enough, United realized several months later that it actually didn't want any of these planes and converted them to orders for four of the larger 737-800s and 61 737 MAX jets.)
Finally, in April 2016, Bombardier struck pay dirt. Delta Air Lines ordered 75 C Series 100 airliners in a deal worth up to $5.6 billion. In addition, Bombardier and Delta agreed to an option for 50 additional jets.
With the Delta order, Bombardier not only found a US launch customer for the C Series but also had the blockbuster deal it needed to validate the attractiveness of the aircraft for other prospective buyers.
With the C Series, Delta has a long-range ultra-fuel-efficient, 100-seat jet capable of making money in markets where competition has depressed profits. In addition, the new Bombardier jet will allow Delta to operate mainline service in markets that traditionally were serviced by smaller regional jets.
From Boeing's perspective, how Bombardier netted the deal has it seeing red.
Bombardier Boeing claims Bombardier sold the CS100 for just $19.6 million. That's far less than the $33.2 million the Chicago-based aviation giant says it cost Bombardier to make the plane — and a mere fraction of the CS100's $79.5 million sticker price.
Where do we go from here?
Should the proposed tariff stick, each of Delta's C Series jets would cost over $40 million, putting the future of the deal on shaky ground.
For Bombardier, the big decision is the USITC's final ruling in 2018, the aerospace-industry analyst Richard Aboulafia said.
If the USITC decides to allow the tariff to stick, it will need to show how it came upon such a punishment, Aboulafia told Business Insider.
"If they can't explain how they came to that conclusion, that's really dangerous because the Canadians are going to regard this as a slap in the face," said Aboulafia, who is the vice president of analysis at Teal Group.
Benjamin Zhang/Business Insider That's because the dispute has now entered the realm of politics, with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau threatening to scuttle the country's plans to buy $5 billion worth of F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing. British Prime Minister Theresa May expressed her concerns regarding the dispute because the C Series' wings are made in Northern Ireland.
In addition, a tariff on the C Series is also a concern for industry in the US. More than 50% of the Canadian jet is made using US-sourced components, including its prized Pratt & Whitney geared turbofan engines.
At its most extreme, using Boeing's logic that the C Series is a rival to the 737, the Canadian government could argue that Air Canada's and WestJet's orders for Boeing 737 MAX airliners were made to the detriment of the country's aviation industry.
"This is how trade wars get started," Aboulafia added.
The ultimate effect of Tuesday's ruling on the Bombardier C Series and US-Canadian trade relations remains to be seen.
"As the Brits say, it's still early days," Aboulafia said.
Nearly 1,300 members of CUPE 3903 participated in the ratification vote on March 9, an increase in the turnout from the “final offer” Special General Membership Meeting.
Unit 1 voted 59 % to reject the Employer's latest offer, while Unit 3 voted 77 % to reject. Both units remain on strike.
Unit 2 voted 65 % to accept, and have thereby ratified the Employer's latest offer.
These are the official results of the vote:
Ballot question:
“Do you accept this offer?”
Overall turnout:
Total eligible voters: 3,728
Total votes cast: 1,283
Voter turnout: 34.42 %
Unit 1 vote:
Yes: 289 (40.59 %)
No: 420 (58.99 %)
Unit 1 turnout:
Total eligible voters: 1,872
Total votes cast: 712 (3 spoiled)
Voter turnout: 38.03 %
Unit 2 vote:
Yes: 208 (65.41 %)
No: 106 (33.33 %)
Unit 2 turnout:
Total eligible voters: 1,029
Total votes cast: 318 (4 spoiled)
Voter turnout: 30.90 %
Unit 3 vote:
Yes: 56 (22.13 %)
No: 196 (77.47 %)
Unit 3 turnout:
Total eligible voters: 827
Total votes cast: 253 (1 spoiled)
Voter turnout: 30.59 %
If there is any discrepancy between the numbers posted here and the numbers posted in the CUPE 3903 office, the latter shall prevail.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The frothy market for Internet IPOs is raising the specter of a bubble, underscoring how little has changed despite lawsuits and investigations in the wake of the 1990s dot-com craze.
Yandex founder and CEO Arkady Volozh (front, 2nd R) celebrates as Yandex is listed on the Nasdaq exchange during their IPO at the Nasdaq market site in New York May 24, 2011. REUTERS/Mike Segar
In the past five weeks, investors clamoring for newly public Internet companies have driven up shares of career networking site LinkedIn Corp and two search engines, Russia's Yandex NV and China's Renren Inc. Renren has since fallen below its offering price.
And on Thursday, online coupon website Groupon Inc filed papers with regulators to press on with its highly anticipated initial public offering. Investors are still awaiting announcements from Facebook and Twitter.
The last stampede into Internet stocks ended with billions of dollars of losses. After eight years of litigation, underwriters including Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc, Credit Suisse Group AG and Goldman Sachs Group Inc reached a $586 million settlement in 2009 to resolve hundreds of investor lawsuits.
Critics at the time said the underwriters rigged the market against mom-and-pop investors to drum up fees and curry favor with corporate insiders. The banks denied wrongdoing.
Plaintiffs' lawyers in the last round of litigation are paying close attention to the new wave of IPOs.
“We are watching very carefully to make sure the shenanigans of the dot-com bubble are not repeated a decade later, and that new tricks are not invented to cause the same implosion,” said Stanley Bernstein, a partner at Bernstein Liebhard and lead lawyer for investors in the IPO settlement.
The judge in that case awarded $170.1 million of fees to the plaintiffs' law firms, court records show.
NO INSURANCE POLICY
Much about the IPO market remains the same as it was a decade ago, with controversial practices still in place.
Typically in an IPO, a syndicate of investment banks allocates shares to institutional investors and retail customers. Some shares go to brokerages, which distribute them to clients. Banks keep commissions based on the value of shares sold.
In litigation over the 1990s tech bubble, investors complained of practices known as spinning and laddering.
In spinning, banks distribute underpriced shares of hot IPOs to favored executives not affiliated with the newly public company, winning their good will and perhaps their future business should the price jump higher once trading begins.
Critics believe this cheats retail investors who later buy post-IPO shares at inflated prices.
Laddering requires IPO investors to buy more shares once trading begins. Critics complain this can create false momentum, allowing ladderers to sell at artificially high prices at other investors' expense, while boosting bank commissions.
Another questionable practice was banks pushing analysts to set unrealistic price targets for companies going public.
In 2003, then-New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer reached a civil settlement with 10 Wall Street banks that banned spinning and mandated independent analyst research. The banks did not admit wrongdoing.
While changes to address analysts' conflicts took hold in the industry, a long-expected industry wide spinning ban has yet to take effect. And laddering was not addressed.
Another problem is soft-dollar commissions, in which institutional investors pay more on other trades so they can get more IPO shares, said University of Florida finance professor Jay Ritter. He said this creates favoritism in how shares are allocated.
Still, legal experts say investors may face an uphill fight in court should the latest crop of hot IPOs later wilt. This is in part because practices that appear unfair can be perfectly legal under federal securities law.
“”All the law says is that if you sell securities, you have to provide investors with all the information they need to make informed decisions,” said St. John's University School of Law professor Michael Perino. “It is not an insurance policy against market losses.”
But banks need to heed concerns about potential conflicts, said former U.S. Attorney Bill Leone, who oversaw a federal probe of IPO spinning in the telecommunications industry.
“My advice to the underwriting community would be to anticipate now how those conflicts and their conduct would be observed through that lens of hindsight,” said Leone, who is now a partner at law firm Faegre & Benson in Denver.
ANTICIPATING CONFLICTS
Despite concerns about the IPO process, alternatives have struggled to take hold.
The modified Dutch auction-based “OpenIPO,” in which the highest bidders get shares at the same, publicly offered price, never took off even though Google Inc used it for its 2004 IPO.
Rules on spinning proposed by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority were to take effect last month.
But the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission agreed on May 18 to delay implementation by four months to give Wall Street time to comply. The rules should take effect before Facebook's IPO, which analysts believe could occur in April.
That may be faint comfort for investors who lose money.
“Remedies that investors have when they purchase IPOs really haven't changed much in the last 80 years,” said St. John's professor Perino. “IPO booms happen regularly. Nothing we put in regulations is going to change that basic market phenomenon.”
As you sit there watching TV, in your favorite chair, Thinking to yourself “why doesn't MTV play music videos anymore?” You suddenly hear that young neighbor hood kid coming screaming by your house driving way too fast in his smoke blowing “Datsun two hundred “SX” or something like that.” You can hear the timing is off and it's having some knock issues, you also think to your annoyed self “maybe I would help him if he liked real cars like my last Corvette or a good old Hemi, some cool hot rods”…Guess what, he does.
He IS driving a hot rod, and it's doing one of its intended purposes by pissing you off. You're just in the wrong generation now where the music is bad, the trends are terrible, the cars cheap, and the motorcycles too loud. Nothing changed, you just got left behind…MTV doesn't play music videos because music videos don't market anymore. Everyone gets their music online and believe me if they did play music videos it would be Justin Beiber and Miley Cirus, not Queen and Kiss like you want. You're no longer their demographic..sorry to break it to you.
Hot rods started out as dangerous experiments to go as fast and have as much fun as you could, with what you could afford and do it with style that attracted tail. The formula hasn't changed, the resources have changed. No 16 year old kid is going to go pay $5000 for a hunk of rust and door frame someone calls and 32 fords, or go to the local yard and find a good condition flat head or 442. They get last generations entry level cars just like you did. Those used to be Civics and Sunfires and by being fwd, fashion become more important then performance because modifications weren't as plausible. Still every Honda had an exhaust because the quest for more power and attention is universal, just the platform wasn't the same. So lights, bodykits, and flashy paint took over for a bit but now the next generation of cars is here again. Some are fwd, some are awd, some are even rwd once again, but also at the same time the 3rd generation sports cars are now affordable and they drift!
So the drag strip is no longer the main street or best 1/4 mile you can find. It has transferred to industrial corners and mountain roads, the naturally aspirated v8s replaced with the sound of a hissing turbo and the scream with the rpm given by less cylinders, but the root is still the same; teenagers and young adults expressing themselves and having fun learning to love cars like you did. Its just a different age, and scene. Shooting flames out of loud exhaust, rebelling with smoking tires that don't quite fit right, throwing in a bit of danger, race parts and some outright “fuck you”s to standards of society. You have yourself a hot rod and hot rodders. I don't expect my opinion to matter, or even be right, but next time that “ricer” fly's by, remember that we all love cars and it's just a different time. Maybe you can turn that irritation into a positive and give him a thumbs up instead of a call to the police…
Advertisements
The Home Secretary announced on Tuesday (9 July) that the UK will opt out of EU policing and criminal justice measures adopted before the Lisbon Treaty came into force.
Theresa May confirmed in a statement to Parliament that the government will seek to rejoin only those measures which help the UK co-operate with its European neighbours to combat cross-border crime and keep our country safe.
European Arrest Warrant
One of these is the European Arrest Warrant (EAW), on which the Home Secretary has today proposed significant additional safeguards for those subject to extradition requests, which include:
Amending the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Bill to ensure an arrest warrant can be refused for minor crimes
Using the European Investigation Order instead of the EAW so that police forces and prosecutors share evidence without requiring the extradition of a suspect at the investigative stage; and
Addressing lengthy and avoidable pre-trial detention by amending the UK Extradition Act so that a person in the UK can only be extradited under the EAW when the requesting State has made a decision to charge – and also to try – that individual, unless that person's presence is required in that jurisdiction for those decisions to be made.
The government will also seek to rejoin the current Europol directive and Eurojust, which helps to co-ordinate action to tackle serious cross-border crime – but will not participate in the establishment of any European Public Prosecutor.
The Home Secretary explained that the government has sought and listened carefully to the views of law enforcement agencies and identified 35 measures which the UK will seek to rejoin in the national interest.
Home Secretary Theresa May told Parliament:
For reasons of policy, principle and pragmatism, I believe that it is in the national interest to exercise the United Kingdom's opt-out and rejoin a much smaller set of measures which help us to co-operate with our European neighbours in the fight against serious and organised crime. I also believe the government must strike the right balance between supporting law enforcement and protecting our traditional liberties. What I have outlined today will achieve both of those goals.
Further information on the 2014 decision is also available here.
Hillary Clinton in Florida
Scarcely a day goes by without Hillary Clinton exhorting fellow Democrats to count every vote—most particularly those cast in the disputed early primaries of Florida and Michigan, which she won. “I don't understand how you can disenfranchise voters in two states you have to try to win” in the general election, she said in Pennsylvania last week. “I don't think that is smart for the Democratic Party.” Clinton, of course, has a strategic need to seat the Florida and Michigan delegates, who were denied entry to the nominating convention late last year by the Democratic National Committee after the two states scheduled their primaries earlier than the DNC wished. She needs these delegates to help close her gap with the front-runner, Barack Obama.
It was a different story in October. Back then, Clinton was far and away the national front-runner—by some 20 points in a number of polls. With much less at stake in the matter, she told a New Hampshire public-radio audience, “It's clear, this election [Michigan is] having is not going to count for anything.” Clinton was unwilling to take her name off the Michigan primary ballot, as Obama and her other significant rivals did, but like them she agreed not to campaign in Michigan or in Florida before their primaries.
On Aug. 25, when the DNC's rules panel declared Florida's primary date out of order, it agreed by a near-unanimous majority to exceed the 50 percent penalty called for under party rules. Instead, the group stripped Florida of all 210 delegates to underscore its displeasure with Florida's defiance and to discourage other states from following suit. In doing so, the DNC essentially committed itself, for fairness' sake, to strip the similarly defiant Michigan of all 156 of its delegates three months later. Clinton held tremendous potential leverage over this decision, and not only because she was then widely judged the likely nominee. Of the committee's 30 members, a near-majority of 12 were Clinton supporters. All of them—most notably strategist Harold Ickes—voted for Florida's full disenfranchisement. (The only dissenting vote was cast by a Tallahassee, Fla., city commissioner who supported Obama.)
Six days later, when the party chairs in the DNC-approved “early” primary states urged Democratic candidates to sign a “four-state pledge” promising not to campaign in any state that violated the DNC calendar, Clinton did not object. She waited, with characteristic prudence, until the other candidates had signed, then signed herself. On Sept. 1, the Clinton campaign issued this ringing statement:
We believe Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina play a unique and special role in the nominating process. And we believe the DNC's rules and its calendar provide the necessary structure to respect and honor that role. Thus, we will be signing the pledge to adhere to the DNC approved nominating calendar.
Some argue that Hillary had little choice. “She was forced to sign away Florida because her opponents would have used it against her in New Hampshire and Iowa,” says Chris Korge, Clinton's Florida finance chair. But even with Michigan and Florida cutting in line, Iowa and New Hampshire still ended up holding their caucus and primary first. Would voters in the latter two states—as opposed to Democratic Party officials—really have cared about how much later Florida and Michigan voted?
In October, after Obama and some of the other candidates withdrew their names from the Michigan ballot, Clinton declined to do the same. Her stated reason, however, was not to dissent from the DNC's decision to disenfranchise wronged Michigan, but rather to mend fences with Michigan voters come November. Besides, Hillary said, there was no reason to remove her name if the results weren't going to count anyway. “I personally did not think it made any difference,” she said. At the Dec. 1 meeting of the DNC rules committee, Ickes urged Michigan DNC member Debbie Dingell to put off Michigan's primary to the DNC-sanctioned date of Feb. 5. Dingell refused, arguing that the DNC shouldn't antagonize large states that would be important in the general election just to soothe egos in the early primary states. “It is an example of the message that is sent when Iowa and New Hampshire put guns at the heads of candidates to say that they will not campaign in this state,” Dingell complained. Ickes and Clinton's other supporters on the rules committee ignored Dingell's plea and voted to strip Michigan of its delegates.
What a difference four months make. “We all had a choice as to whether or not to participate in what was going to be a primary,” Clinton told NPR last month. “Most people took their names off the ballot, but I didn't.” In other words, her refusal constituted a selfless pledge of solidarity with the Wolverine State rather than a tactical decision to seize what in October seemed the minor advantage of a momentum-enhancing likely victory in a Midwestern beauty contest.
Like every candidate except former Alaska Sen. Mike Gravel, Clinton stayed away from the Florida state convention in October. Irate Democrats stalked Walt Disney World wearing buttons that said, “Size DOES matter,” a reference to Florida's large population compared with that of Iowa or New Hampshire. When Michigan subsequently received its penalty, Clinton agreed with the other candidates that she wouldn't visit there, either. It was a decision she had cause to regret as early as Jan. 3, when she lost the Iowa caucus to Obama, coming in third, just behind John Edwards. After ignoring Florida and Michigan for months, the Clinton campaign soon couldn't say enough nice things about them. “Tonight Michigan Democrats spoke loudly for a new beginning,” then-campaign manager Patti Solis Doyle exulted over Clinton's victory there on Jan. 15. “Your voices matter. And as president, Hillary Clinton will not only keep listening, but will make sure your voice is always heard.”
This was an absurdly celebratory statement given that Clinton's name had been the only one of the major Democratic contenders' that appeared on the Michigan ballot. (Even so, Clinton received only 55 percent of the vote against 40 percent for “uncommitted.”) Two weeks later, Clinton herself appeared in South Florida after polls closed on her victory there (50 percent to Obama's 33 percent). “I could not come here to ask in person for your votes,” she told the crowd. “I am thrilled to have had this vote of confidence.”
Now Clinton feels that a failure to seat the Michigan and Florida delegates would besmirch the democratic process. With Obama ahead on pledged delegates and drawing growing numbers of superdelegates, Clinton will have only a limited ability to affect whether the DNC backs off from its decisions to penalize the two states. Last summer and fall, when the DNC made these decisions, she had a lot more clout. She exercised none of it.
South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley on Thursday signed a bill to remove the Confederate battle flag from the statehouse grounds, noting the weeks of grief and compassion that have consumed the state since a gunman killed nine people at Charleston's Emanuel AME Church.
"Twenty-two days ago, I didn't know that I would ever be able to say this again," Haley said. "But today I'm very proud to say that it is a great day in South Carolina."
Haley signed the measure into law at a ceremony at the statehouse hours after the bill got final approval from South Carolina's House of Representatives.
She credited lawmakers' quick action to the example set by the victims of the shooting and their families.
"Nine people took in someone that did not look like them or act like them, and with true love and true faith, and true acceptance, they sat and prayed with him for an hour," Haley said before signing the law. "That love and faith was so strong that it brought grace to their families. It showed them how to forgive."
The flag, which has flown at the statehouse for more than 50 years, will be removed from the grounds at 10 a.m. Friday, Haley's spokesperson told the Associated Press.
The bill, which was passed on a 94–20 vote, calls for the flag to be housed in the Confederate Relic Room and Military Museum in Columbia.
"We will bring it down with dignity and make sure that it is put in its rightful place," Haley said.
The debate that started on Wednesday lasted more than 13 hours. The House discussed at length an amendment to replace the Confederate flag with the state flag, but it was narrowly rejected by a vote of 57–63.
"We saw members start to see what it was like to be in each other's shoes, start to see what it felt like," Haley said. "We heard about the true honor of heritage and tradition. We heard about the true pain that many had felt. And we took the time to try to understand it."
[As community content, this post reflects the views and opinions of the particular author and does not necessarily reflect the official stance of Neo4j.]
Building the topic model
Create the corpus.
Create the document term matrix to use in the model
Determine the optimal number of topics for the model. (In topic modeling the k topics needs to be known. I currently use a harmonic mean approach. For this data, 35 topics was determined to be optimal.)
Run the model
Ask any project manager and they will tell you the importance of reviewing lessons learned prior to starting a new project. Lesson learned databases are filled with nuggets of valuable information to help project teams increase the likelihood of project success. Why then do most lesson learned databases go unused by project teams? In my experience, they are difficult to search through and require hours of time to review the result set. Recently I had a project engineer ask me if we could search our lessons learned using a list of 22 key terms the team was interested in. Our current keyword search engine would require him to enter each term individually, select the link and save the document for review. (By the way, there was no way to search only the database. The query would search our entire corpus, close to 20 million URLs.) This would not do. I asked our search team if they would run a special query against the lesson database only, using the terms provided. They returned a spreadsheet with a link to each document containing the term or terms. Over 1100 documents were on the list. The engineer had his work cut out for him. I started thinking there had to be a better way. I had been experimenting with topic modeling, in particular to assist our users in connecting seemingly disparate documents through an easier visualization mechanism. Ideally, something better than a list of links on multiple pages. I gathered my toolbox: R/RStudio , for the topic modeling and exploring the data; Neo4j , for modeling and visualizing the topics; and Linkurious , a web front end for our users to search and visualize the graph database All the code and data can be found at my GitHub repository . In this article, I will focus on the R and Cypher code to work with Neo4j. I will demonstrate the topic modeling code in a future article. For this demonstration, I exported over 2,000 lessons from our public NASA Engineering Network lesson learned database . The data was fairly clean and contained some useful metadata. The steps for creating the topic model are:Since documents can be in more than one topic, I extracted theta (the per-document probabilities) from the model and assign each document its most diagnostic topic. In turn, I extracted the top thirty terms for each topic, in rank order, created a label for each topic based on the top three terms and correlated the topics based on the Category metadata associated with each document. All of this information would help develop my graph model. I am jumping ahead here, however I wanted to show how you can visualize your graph database in R using the RNeo4j and visNetwork package. (See Nicole White 's blog post, Visualize Your Graph with RNeo4j and visNetwork for more.) Assuming I have already created the database, the first query I ran returned the term “contamin” and the topics the term was in. The edge weight was determined by the rank of the term in the topic. The thicker the edge, the higher the term ranked in the topic. The next query returned all the lessons for Topic 27. Finally, I visualized the model in R using the LDAvis package . I could see the top thirty terms for each topic and how those terms were distributed among the other topics. While this was helpful to me, it wasn't what I needed for the end user. I then saved all the lesson information in CSV files to import into Neo4j.
Figure 1: Term query in R
Figure 2: Topic query in R
Figure 3: Visual of topic model using LDAvis
Building the Graph Database
If you are just beginning to work with graph databases and Neo4j, you need to read Nicole White's blog . The next section is based on her webinar Using Load CSV in the Real World . Having been born in the eight-track era, I decided to first model my graph on a whiteboard. I drew a rough outline showing the various connections of the proposed nodes in the graph. It is fairly simple; however, I found it helps keep me focused on the model.
Figure 4: Lesson learned database graph model
// Nodes created for Lessons, Submitter, Center and Topic // Relations created // Uniqueness constraints. CREATE CONSTRAINT ON (l:Lesson) ASSERT l.name IS UNIQUE; // Load. USING PERIODIC COMMIT LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM 'file:e:/Users/David/Dropbox/doctopics/data/llis.csv' AS line WITH line, SPLIT(line.LessonDate, '-') AS date CREATE (lesson:Lesson { name: TOINT(line.`LessonId`) } ) SET lesson.year = TOINT(date[0]), lesson.month = TOINT(date[1]), lesson.day = TOINT(date[2]), lesson.title = (line.Title), lesson.abstract = (line.Abstract), lesson.lesson = (line.Lesson), lesson.org = (line.MissionDirectorate), lesson.safety = (line.SafetyIssue), lesson.url = (line.url)
// Merges multiple entries of node in CSV file MERGE (submitter:Submitter { name: UPPER(line.Submitter1) }) MERGE (center:Center { name: UPPER(line.Organization) }) MERGE (topic:Topic { name: TOINT(line.Topic) }) MERGE (category:Category { name: UPPER(line.Category) })
CREATE (topic)-[:Contains]->(lesson) CREATE (submitter)-[:Wrote]->(lesson) CREATE (lesson)-[:OccurredAt]->(center) CREATE (lesson)-[:InCategory]->(category) ;
To create the nodes, I imported the data I created above using LOAD CSV in Cypher. The first section of code creates a unique constraint for the lesson node, preventing any duplication of lesson IDs. Reading the CSV file, a lesson node is created and properties are set. The properties were extracted from the metadata associated with each lesson. As Nicole suggested in her webinar, I split the date up into three parts. I will use the year property later to assign a weight to an edge. The newer the lesson, the larger the edge will be. Each lesson node will also contain properties for the abstract, the lesson itself (if available), the directorate the lesson originated from, whether it was a safety issue and a link to the lesson on the NEN website.Many of the nodes are associated with multiple lessons in the CSV file. The MERGE command will create the node if it does not exist or match it if it does.Once the nodes were completed, I created the relationships between the nodes. A lesson is contained in a topic, was written by a submitter, occurred at a NASA Center and fell into a particular category.Here is the finished result showing two lesson nodes and their relationships:
Figure 5: Lesson node and relationships
MATCH
// Topic, category. // Adds the category node and creates a relation to the topic // Load. USING PERIODIC COMMIT LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM 'file:e:/Users/David/Dropbox/doctopics/data/topicCategory.csv' AS line MATCH (topic:Topic { name: TOINT(line.Topic) }) MATCH (category:Category { name: UPPER(line.Category) }) CREATE (topic)-[:AssociatedTo]->(category) ;
In the R code, I calculated the most representative Category for each topic and saved it into a CSV file, which I now load into the graph database. Since the nodes were already previously created, I used thefunction to get the node then create the relationship of the topic to the category.
Figure 6: Topic associated to category
// Topic, Correlation. // Adds a relation to each topic using their correlation as a property of the relationship // Load. USING PERIODIC COMMIT LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM 'file:e:/Users/David/Dropbox/doctopics/data/topicCorr.csv' AS line MATCH (topic:Topic), (topic2:Topic) WHERE topic.name = TOINT(line.Topic) AND topic2.name = TOINT(line.ToTopic) MERGE (topic)-[c:CorrelatedTo {corr : TOFLOAT(line.Correlation)}]-(topic2) // MERGE is used because it is non directed relationship ;
// Topic, Terms. // Creates term nodes and relationship to topic by the rank the // term is in the topic. A rank of 1 means that the term is the most // frequent in that topic // Load. USING PERIODIC COMMIT LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM 'file:e:/Users/David/Dropbox/doctopics/data/topicTerms.csv' AS line MATCH (topic:Topic { name: TOINT(line.Topic) }) MERGE (term:Term { name: UPPER(line.Terms) }) CREATE (term)-[r:RankIn {rank : TOINT(line.Rank)}]->(topic) ; // Topic, Labels. // Creates label property for each topic by using the top 3 ranked terms in the topic. // A rank of 1 means that term is the most frequent in that topic // Load. USING PERIODIC COMMIT LOAD CSV WITH HEADERS FROM 'file:e:/Users/David/Dropbox/doctopics/data/topicLabels.csv' AS line MATCH (topic:Topic { name: TOINT(line.Topic) }) SET topic.label = line.Label ;
MATCH (n:Topic)-[r:Contains]->(m:Lesson) WHERE n.name = 27 RETURN n, m, n.name AS from, m.id AS to, m.title AS title, (m.year) AS value, "In" AS label
Having correlated the Topics, I could then add that relationship to the nodes. Since I was using an undirected relationship, I discovered I needed to use MERGE to create the edge. I could then use this property later to query the database to find other Topics which might contain lessons that have a connection to a lesson I am interested in.The following Cypher code creates the nodes for the top thirty terms in each topic, creates the edge between the term node and the topic node, setting the rank relationship property to the terms rank in the topic, and lastly, sets the label property in the topic node that the label generated in the R code.To show you how to extract some information from the graph database in Neo4j, here are some sample queries and their results. Both the graph and row version are displayed below. This query returns the lessons in Topic 27:
Figure 7: Lessons in Topic 27, graph view
Figure 8: Lessons in Topic 27, row view
MATCH (n:Topic)-[r:CorrelatedTo]->(m:Topic) WHERE n.name = 27 AND (r.corr > 0.02) RETURN n, m, n.name AS from, m.id AS to, m.title AS title, (m.year) AS value, "In" AS label
Topics correlated to Topic 27 with a correlation greater than 0.02:
Figure 9: Topics correlated to Topic 27 with a correlation greater than 0.02
MATCH (n:Topic)-[r:CorrelatedTo]->(m:Topic) WHERE r.corr > 0.40 RETURN n, m, n.name AS from, m.name AS to, (r.corr) AS value
Topics with correlation greater than 0.40: I am still working on this as it also shows all the correlations for each topic.
Figure 10: Topics with correlation greater than 0.40
MATCH (n:Topic)-[r:CorrelatedTo]->(m:Topic) WHERE n.name = 27 RETURN n, m, n.name AS from, m.name AS to, (r.corr) AS value
All topics correlated to Topic 27: The edge label is the numeric correlation value.
Figure 11: All topics correlated to Topic 27
User Visualization
Now I have all the data in my graph database, yet I still need to make it easier for my end users to search and connect lessons based on their criteria. In Learning Neo4j , several visualization options were mentioned. I evaluated several of the applications and for this demonstration I settled on Linkurious , a web-based interface for users to search and visualize graph data. Linkurious was designed to connect to a Neo4j database and requires the Neo4j database to be running before you start it. Upon opening the application you are presented with this dashboard:
Figure 12: Linkurious dashboard
Since Linkurious comes with a built-in instance of Elastic Search, you can search through all the nodes and edges if you desire. See the example below:
Figure 13: Linkurious Elastic Search
The real benefit comes when you create your first visualization. Let's assume I am looking for lessons that may contain the terms, “fuel,” “water,” “valve” or “failure.” I am shown the Lesson node with lessons containing some of the words, the Term node for two of the terms, and a Topic node that contains three of the terms as its label. Remember, the label was created using the top three terms for each topic. Therefore, it is safe to assume the terms appear frequently in lessons contained in Topic 2 and the lessons pertain to fuel valve and/or water valve issues.
Figure 14: Searching the database
By clicking on Topic Two, the node appears on my canvas.
Figure 15: The Topic Two nodes
I can begin exploring the given topic and uncover relationships. Since the topic is related to four other nodes, I am given an option to select the nodes I want to display on the screen. Selecting the Lesson node, I am able to display all of the lessons contained in this topic. You can make adjustments to the visualization to add color and size. In this case, each node type is a different color and the node size is determined by the year the lesson was written. The newer the lesson, the larger the node. Properties for each node are displayed to the left. In the image below, you can see information on the highlighted node and if the user wants to visit the site where the lesson is stored, they can click on the URL in the properties.
Figure 16: Individual lessons within Topic
I can continue to explore my data. By clicking on the highlighted lesson node, its edges are displayed, giving me the author of the lesson, the Center it occurred at and the Category it is associated to.
Figure 17: Exploring the Lesson Node
Returning to the topic node, I can click on it again, this time selecting to display the Categories associated to it. I can then explore the Category node to see lesson associated with Risk Management, Energy, Power or Ground Support Systems, allowing me to find other lessons that are closely aligned to what I am looking for. You simply cannot see these connections in a keyword search list.
Figure 18: Adding Category nodes
Figure 19: Exploring Category nodes
I believe Neo4j, R/RStudio and Linkurious will allow me to explore and visualize my data in ways our current search engine cannot do. While this is still a work in progress, I believe using a graph database in this manner can provide users with a more effective search experience, reducing their time to find answers and allowing them to start their project on the right foot. The combination of these tools gives analysts the ability to create excellent analytical and visual representations of large document repositories. Feel free to reach out to me on Twitter if you have any questions or suggestions.
Israel has warned that they will not agree to a ceasefire agreement with Syria until President Bashar al-Assad is forcibly removed from power.
Israeli Defensive Minister Avigdor Liberman warned Syria on Sunday that Israel's patience was running out after mortars from unknown sources struck Israel over the past week.
Jpost.com reports: “We have no intention of entering any conflict, but I advise our neighbors not to test us,” Liberman told military journalists during a briefing at the Kirya military headquarters in Tel Aviv.
A number of projectiles have landed in Israeli territory due to intensified fighting on the Syrian side of Quneitra as Bashar Assad's regime fights the al-Qaida-linked Hayat Tahrir al-Sham and other rebels groups. The offensive was launched by rebels in a bid to take control of the city of al-Baath (new Quneitra), which is one of the few towns in the province that has remained under control of Syrian-government forces.
“We will not tolerate any spillover into our territory,” Liberman said, stressing that the message sent by the IDF in the retaliatory strikes as been “clearly understood” by those across the border.
Although Liberman stated that he did not see any chance for escalation on the border, the smallest incident or miscalculation by either side can lead to conflict, he said, referring to incidents that led to the outbreak both Operation Protective Edge and the Second Lebanon War.
On Friday, a senior IDF official stated that “the IDF is acting proportionally to prevent any deterioration” and has retaliated against Assad-regime positions after the projectiles struck the Ramat Hagolan area.
Liberman stressed that the rebels “are not our friends,” but said Israel is ready to accept any cease-fire in Syria that does not involve Iran, Hezbollah or Assad.
“We cannot allow a man like Assad, who kills his own citizens and who uses chemical weapons against them to remain in power,” he said. “Keeping Assad in power is not in our security interests. As long as he is in power, Iran and Hezbollah will be in Syria.”
When asked by The Jerusalem Post whether it would be better for Israel if Assad or Syrian rebels to control the border with Israel, he said neither was great option: “The rebels are not our friends, they are all versions of al-Qaida.”
According to Liberman, Israel is in contact with villagers along the Syrian border who understand that Israel, which provides them with medical and humanitarian care, is not their enemy.
“People there have nothing to eat. More than 3,000 Syrians have received medical treatment in Israel, and all of them are local villagers,” he said. “They understand that the best neighbor for them is Israel. I am not hiding it; we have helped in the past and are continuing to help.”
Despite Israel having no interest in entering Syria's seven-year-old civil war, Liberman said there are red lines Jerusalem has set, including the smuggling of sophisticated weaponry to Hezbollah and an Iranian presence on its borders.
“We will not tolerate any Iranian presence on the border, and we will continue to act against that,” he said, adding that Israel will “do what is necessary” following reports that Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps has established underground arms-production factories for Hezbollah in Lebanon.
In March, Kuwait's Al Jarida newspaper reported that Hezbollah has operated and managed the factories set up by the IRGC in response to alleged Israeli strikes against weapons convoys in Syria. According to the report, the factories can produce missiles with a range of more than 500 kilometers, as well as surface-to-air and antitank missiles and unmanned aerial vehicles that are able to carry explosives.
The report was confirmed on Thursday by the head of Military Intelligence, Maj.-Gen. Herzl Halevi, who said Hezbollah was using Iranian know-how to set up a weapons industry and transfer arms to the country's South.
“We take everything seriously,” Liberman said. “We are certainly aware of the reports and, we will do what needs to be done. This is a significant phenomenon and we cannot ignore it. Precise weapons such as these missiles are a challenge. Compared to past wars, they will hit deep inside Israeli territory.”
Liberman added, however, that Israel has “increased the gap” with Hezbollah since the Second Lebanon War in 2006. “We know what to do. Neither the missiles nor their factories will rust,” he said.
In the countryside, where most of the population lived, the most important man in a fourteenth century village was the reeve. Although he was a villein, he had great responsibility. The village housed the serfs and tenants of the lord of the manor. There were three main officials who ran the manor:
the steward
the bailiff
the reeve
The first two looked out entirely for the lord's interests, but the reeve also had responsibilities to the villagers.
Men who worked the land were either free or serfs (cottagers, smallholders or villeins). Serfs were not slaves, but they could do very little without the permission of the lord of the manor. The reeve was a villein, which meant he was a serf. He was selected for the position by the other villagers. Usually he came from one of the better-off families. The position of reeve meant that he had further opportunity to increase his wealth.
He came into the position at Michaelmas (29th September). This was when the agricultural year began. He served a fixed term, a number of years, and one of his main tasks was to make sure that those who owed labour to the lord reported for work and gave what they owed. He was responsible for every activity on the lord's demesne as well as the livestock. The demesne was the farm that the lord kept for his own benefit. The rest of the land was leased to tenants. The demesne was worked by the lord's own serfs, who were normally required to work for him for three days a week and to provide additional services at ploughing and harvest times. The serfs lived off their own strips of land, which they worked when they were not working for the lord. These strips also belonged to the lord.
Some reeves sold produce from the lord's demesne and some collected rents. The reeve had to provide the demesne account at the end of the agricultural year, which he usually did by reading the marks on his tally stick to the lord's clerk, who wrote it down.
The reeve was not paid with money, but the benefits he received made the position more than worthwhile. He did not have to provide any agricultural labour to the lord, and he might eat occasionally at the lord's table. In many places, however, where quotas were required to be met by the village, the reeve would probably have to make up any shortfall himself.
Reeves were sometimes accused of using their master's property, seed and labour provided by the villeins on their own holdings.
One of the reasons why the position of reeve was unpopular (some men paid to avoid the responsibility) was that the demesne was usually about ten times or more the size of anything the reeve had managed before and there was always the risk that he might not be capable of managing it, if it was his first term. The risk of a bad choice being made by the villagers was felt by both the lord and the reeve. The reeve had local knowledge of the land, the labour, the nearby markets, the best crops to grow and the best animals to raise, but he was responsible for making it all work together, ensuring that the harvest was sufficient for the lord's household with enough to spare for sale. There was always a chance that an inexperienced reeve would be overwhelmed by the size of the task. The lord bore another risk – that the reeve would prove to be dishonest. To mitigate this risk most manors had stewards and auditors to check on the reeve.
If he was any good a reeve could usually make a profit from his office, not however, to the extent depicted in the Canterbury Tales. There is an old reeve among Chaucer's pilgrims. Chaucer implies that he is as much a crook as the miller, his fellow pilgrim, since he is richer than his lord.
Advertisements
Login to vote this up!
LOOK WHO CAME:
Kenneth Cummings
CelicaCrazed 1
Brittany Vincent 1
M Randy 1
Dreamweaver 1
Retrofraction 1
Casey B 1
Seagull King 1
Kenneth Cummings 1
Canada's intervention in Iraq has raised questions about Parliament's role in governing. Opposition parties have chastised the government for not consulting the legislature before deploying military advisors. The official opposition has demanded that the government hold a vote on the mission, stating that this decision should be made by the House of Commons, not merely cabinet. Although the prime minister and his cabinet hold the confidence of the House, opposition parties have come close to suggesting that the Iraq deployment is not a policy choice the Harper government can rightfully make on its own.
There is a case to be made for the opposition's position; it may be that sensitive policies such as these merit parliamentary approval on political grounds. But the rhetoric employed goes further, fudging the distinct constitutional roles of the legislative and executive powers. If the opposition members truly believe what they are saying, we have a problem: They do not appreciate the distinct authorities of the government and Parliament.
A refresher on the legislature and executive is therefore in order.
Parliament's first function lies with the Commons expressing confidence in a government. This ensures that there is a democratically legitimate cabinet to govern the country and direct the wider executive, which includes the civil service and military.
Parliament further provides the executive with the authorization to spend money, and as a legislative body, it enacts statutes. As a deliberative body, Parliament debates the merits of government policy. And as a representative body, parliamentarians are expected to air the concerns of their constituencies and communities in such debates. Since Parliament has become increasingly more partisan over time, this is usually done through a strong party lens.
Aside from expressing confidence and legislating, Parliament's most significant relationship with the executive is to hold the government to account. This function is largely exercised by the Commons, and by the opposition parties in particular. The Westminster tradition's sharp dichotomy between the government and opposition finds its logic here. Governments govern and the opposition holds them to account for their decisions and actions.
Because Parliament is meant to hold the government to account, it is not, and shouldn't pretend to be, a governing body. Parliament does not sit to make decisions about executive policy, but to scrutinize ministers who shoulder the responsibility of policymaking within the government.
Now, this may be seemed confusing. If the Commons expresses confidence in a government, does that not mean that the House governs, in a manner of speaking? And if the ministers are typically drawn from the legislature, does that not also mean that the government and Parliament are inexorably tied, as the canonical 19th-century chronicler, Walter Bagehot, argued?
Yes, they are linked, notably in the legislative process. But when it comes to where the authority to govern belongs, and who gets to exercise it and why, Bagehot's description of a fused legislature and executive obscures more than it reveals.
Although ministers are drawn from the legislature by convention, ministerial appointments are made by the Crown. Ministers do not need to be parliamentarians when they are initially appointed, and ministerial offices are held separately from parliamentary ones. Ministers are creatures of the executive who typically sit in the legislature, but when they govern, they do so in their ministerial capacity.
Ministers are appointed on the advice of the prime minister. The prime minister, in turn, is asked to form a government by the Crown upon the assumption that she or he will be able to command the confidence of the Commons. But a loss of confidence does not automatically terminate a prime minister's tenure. For instance, if an election follows a vote of non-confidence, the prime minister remains in office during the writ. As well, the incumbent prime minister can choose to face the new Commons regardless of the election results, because the legislature does not formally determine who serves as the Crown's head of government. Prime ministers are only out of office when they resign or are dismissed by the Crown.
The authority ministers exercise when they govern is the Crown's, not Parliament's. Although Parliament can expand or limit the scope of executive authority by statute, the Crown and its servants remain the repository of governing power. In addition, the Crown possesses authorities in its own right, independently of Parliament, thanks to the royal prerogative, common law, and the constitution. While Parliament has the power to shape the executive's powers, it does not possess the governing authority that it moulds.
Ministerial responsibility helps tie these various points together. While the term is often contorted to fit various political and normative agendas, it has a definitive constitutional meaning. Collectively, ministers are responsible for the exercise of executive authority and thus for the affairs of government. They come to have this responsibility upon being appointed by the Crown. Ministers are accountable to Parliament because they are responsible for governing. Parliament's role in this arrangement is not to claim a share of the minister's responsibility, but to scrutinize the performance of ministers. If Parliament cannot accept how a government is governing, then it can withdraw confidence, signalling to the Crown that a new prime minister should be named or an election held.
To bring this back to the debate over Iraq, there is no question that the government can deploy the armed forces with or without parliamentary approval. Indeed, the authority to use the military is sourced in the royal prerogative, a power that the Crown holds in its own right. While the executive may choose to secure the Commons' support, it is not legally or constitutionally obliged to do so. The choice to involve Parliament is a political one.
Regardless of whether a vote is held in the legislature, Parliament's paramount duty should be clear: to hold the executive to account for the decisions it makes with respect to Iraq. It is not in keeping with the Commons' institutional functions to expect a say in the matter. Rather than seeking to interject into the government's deliberations and decisions, opposition MPs should focus on what they are there to do: scrutinize, question, critique, and expose.
Of course, it is possible that this overview will be seen as idle constitutional theory that has little bearing on the real world of politics. This is be a strange reaction. Determining where power lies, who has the authority to exercise it, and how it can be checked is surely a concern for real world politics. If anything, the charge of abstract thinking should be levelled at those who dismiss the importance of constituted authority in politics.
Expecting Parliament to become a governing body whenever the opposition distrusts the executive is not especially realistic. Nor is it a sign of a deep respect for the institution. To truly champion Parliament, and perhaps one day increase its relative strength over the executive, we should first concern ourselves with what the legislature is and is not today.
Philippe Lagassé is an associate professor of public and international affairs at the University of Ottawa.
The Blue Marble Keycap Set (SA)
Current Stage: Looking for feedback and suggestions!
Poll To Gauge Interest: Click Here
Hello and welcome!
"The Blue Marble". While the original photographer is unknown, it is still, "one of the most widely distributed photographic images in existence." This keycap set is designed around a famous photograph taken of the Earth titled,. While the original photographer is unknown, it is still, "one of the most widely distributed photographic images in existence." [1] . When viewed at a distance, the Earth is said to have the appearance of a marble.
Quote
Original NASA Caption, Saturday December 23, 1972:View of the Earth as seen by the Apollo 17 crew traveling toward the moon. This translunar coast photograph extends from the Mediterranean Sea area to the Antarctica south polar ice cap. This is the first time the Apollo trajectory made it possible to photograph the south polar ice cap. Note the heavy cloud cover in the southern hemisphere. Almost the entire coastline of Africa is clearly visible. The Arabian Peninsula can be seen at the northeastern edge of Africa. The large island off the coast of Africa is the Malagasy Republic. The Asian mainland is on the horizon toward the northeast.
Technical Specs
May I present to you...
The Blue Marble
Version: 1a
Last Updated: 11/29/2016 @12:26 PM (-8 PST)
Base Kits
Note: The colors from these KLE renders do not appear with the perfect color, but are close. You can view the proper pantone colors here: PANTONE 4645c, PANTONE 357c
Child Kits
Example Sets
Full with ANSI
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + TKL Kit + pH Tester Kit
Full with ANSI + (Novelties)
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + TKL Kit + pH Tester Kit + Novelties
Full with ANSI + (Novelties) V2
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + TKL Kit + pH Tester Kit + Novelties
Full with Partial ISO
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + TKL Kit + pH Tester Kit
TKL with ANSI V1A
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + TKL Kit
TKL with ANSI V1B + Spacebars
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + TKL Kit + Spacebars
TKL with ANSI + Novelties
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + TKL Kit + Novelties
Ergodox
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Ergodox Kit
75% Keyboards (Drevo Gramr / Noppo Choc Mini / Plum 84 / B.mini / Etc:)
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + TKL Kit + Tsangan
RedScarf78 / RS78
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + TKL Kit
Winkeyless (Whitefox / RS68)
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + TKL Kit + Tsangan + Spacebars
Clueboard / VB660m / FC660m
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + TKL Kit + pH Tester + (Tsangan or Novelties)
HHKB2
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + TKL Kit + (Tsangan or Novelties)
60% Keyboard (Pok3r / Infinity / B.Face)
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers
60% Keyboard (60% Stripe)
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + 60% Stripe
Planck
Needed: Planck Kit
40% Keyboard (JD40)
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers
Keypad / Numpad V1
Needed: pH Tester Kit
Keypad / Numpad V2
Needed: pH Tester Kit
+ (Novelties)+ (Novelties) V2+ Spacebars+ Novelties(Drevo Gramr / Noppo Choc Mini / Plum 84 / B.mini / Etc:)(Whitefox / RS68)(Pok3r / Infinity / B.Face)(60% Stripe)(JD40)
Example Renders
Note: These are not perfect renders and are just here as examples. The final product will vary slightly depending on your monitor/screen color settings. Some keys do not appear to be properly centered because of the rendering.
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers + 60% Stripe
More
Needed: Base Alphas/Numerics + Land Modifiers
More
FAQ
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Q:
A:
Help Support The Blue Marble!
1. Select and copy the code from one of the banners below.
2. Then scroll up to the menu bar at the top of this page, and hover your mouse over the "Profile" tab. A drop down menu will appear.
3. Click on the "Forum Profile" link.
4. Scroll down, and paste the copied code into the "Signature" box
5. Click the "Change Profile" button in the bottom right, and you're finished!
6. Anyone and everyone who can help me share this has my ultimate gratitude!
Banner #1
[url=https://geekhack.org/index.php?topic=86123.0][img]http://i.imgur.com/ntfpK3Z.png[/img][/url]
Banner #2
[url=https://geekhack.org/index.php?topic=86123.0][img]http://i.imgur.com/d9AOaJq.png[/img][/url]
Banner #2 (Shorter)
[url=https://geekhack.org/index.php?topic=86123.0][img]http://i.imgur.com/Ih3OOTA.png[/img][/url]
Banner #3
[url=https://geekhack.org/index.php?topic=86123.0][img]http://i.imgur.com/UTjpW65.png[/img][/url]
Acknowledgements
Thanks for reading!
The Blue Marble is the second keycap set designed by Omnipotent / io2red. The first keycap set he designed was the second keycap set designed by Omnipotent / io2red. The first keycap set he designed was Planet Earth
To-Do List
Design Base kits & Child kits. <COMPLETE>
Design completed kits with different keyboards. <COMPLETE>
Decide on the keycap profile. <COMPLETE>
<COMPLETE & ONGOING>
<COMPLETE & ONGOING>
<POLL ONGOING>
<POLL ONGOING>
<IN PROGRESS>
<POSSIBLY COMPLETE>
<PENDING/IN PROGRESS>
<PENDING/IN PROGRESS>
<PENDING>
Worklog & Changes
More
Nov 14, 2016 - The Blue Marble work begins. IC Post started.
Nov 15th-20th, 2016 - Color speculation on ideal colors begins.
Nov 20, 2016 - Original The Blue Marble picture found and confirmed. Colors changed. IC Post updated.
Nov 21-25, 2016 - More experimentation with colors.
Nov 26, 2016 - Colors finalized & IC Post updated.
Nov 27, 2016 - IC Post updated with renders added.
Nov 30, 2016 - IC Post created, & additional info added. Reddit post created. Asked Melissa about requesting a quote from SP.
Topic Last Updated: 11/30/2016, @ 03:47 PM (-8 PST)
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/10dj4
— Sandra Thomas, 41, was found on the side of the road four years ago with wounds all over her body.
Police continues to garner theories as to what happened, but no arrest has been made. It remains Fuquay-Varina's only unsolved murder.
“This was a malicious killing and it has to stop,” said Thomas' cousin, Geraldine Jones.
A passerby found Thomas' body on the side of Lawrence Street on March 29, 2011.
“She was an angel in disguise, really,” said Thomas' cousin, Tommy Davis. “She really came into a room and lit the room up.”
The medical examiner said Thomas suffered several injuries to her head, torso, arms and legs, suggesting she was either dragged or thrown from a moving vehicle.
“We are still waiting, we are still watching,” Jones said. “It is hard; not knowing is the hard part.”
Thomas' family has been patient but is still demanding for answers, and an arrest.
“Justice needs to be served, justice needs to be done,” said Thomas' friend, Ebony Banks. “A life is not yours to take.”
If you have any information about the unsolved murder of Tomas call the toll-free hotline at 1-866-439-WANTED (2683).
There is a $5,000 reward for information leading to an arrest in Thomas' case.
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has accepted Pam Bondi's petition asking to extend the stay on a ruling striking down Florida's same-sex marriage ruling. What's next?
Late this afternoon SCOTUS Justice Clarence Thomas called for a response from the plaintiffs in a Florida same-sex marriage case. Late yesterday, Attorney General Pam Bondi filed an extensive emergency petition asking Justice Thomas to extend a stay due to expire after January 5.
Justice Thomas could have ignored the petition, or sent it to the full court, but it appears he has made the decision himself to consider the stay request.
Justice Thomas has called for a response to be filed to Florida's marriage case stay application by 5p Thursday, #SCOTUS press office says. â€” Chris Geidner (@chrisgeidner) December 16, 2014
That decision is unsurprising, given that Justice Thomas had made clear in other stay requests that were denied he would grant them.
Stay tuned.
Image via Wikimedia
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Racket v6.3
posted by Ryan Culpepper
Racket version 6.3 is now available from http://racket-lang.org/
Racket's macro expander uses a new representation of binding called “set of scopes”. The new binding model provides a simpler explanation of how macros preserve binding, especially across module boundaries and in hygiene-bending expansions. The new expander is mostly compatible with existing Racket macros, but there are some incompatibilities. For the formally inclined, a research paper on this macro system will appear at POPL next year: http://www.cs.utah.edu/plt/scope-sets/
Racket's GUI library now uses Gtk+ 3 when available, instead of Gtk+ 2. Set the PLT_GTK2 environment variable to select Gtk+ 2.
Added a new Redex tutorial based on a week-long workshop in SLC.
Better syntax error checking for Redex patterns that do not use holes correctly.
The blueboxes are more agressive about finding names to look up in the docs, meaning they are useful much more often.
Submodules are now fully supported in Typed Racket. Previously, some uses of submodules would produce internal errors, making it hard to module+ test and module+ main effectively in Typed Racket. The switch to the set-of-scopes expander fixed these problems, and submodules are now happily at home in Typed Racket.
The typed/racket/unsafe library provides import and export forms that circumvent contract generation. This improves performance for typed-untyped interaction at the cost of safety and debuggability.
Typed Racket provides experimental support for units (from racket/unit ).
The experimental define-new-subtype form allows overlaying finer distinctions between otherwise identical types, similar to Haskell's new type .
The Promise type constructor changes in a backwards-incompatible way to exclude promises created with promise/name .
The unstable-* packages are out of the main distribution. Most of their contents have been either merged with established Racket libraries or spun off as their own packages. This change is backwards compatible for packages that properly list their dependencies. Full details
edu: big-bang supports a display-mode clause so that world programs can take over the entire screen.
Feedback welcome
How to run the installer silently when we would like to distribute this to teachers with SCCM 2012.
— Ari Toivola, 25 November 2015
I believe you broke the 2htdp/planetcute libraries with this release.
At least, I get an error just like this page now shows: http://docs.racket-lang.org/teachpack/2htdpPlanet_Cute_Images.html
(require 2htdp/planetcute)
in the REPL:
character-cat-girl g1: unbound identifier; also, no #%top syntax transformer is bound in: g1
— lalamine, 5 December 2015
Ari: To run the Windows installer silently, supply the /S command-line argument
— Matthew Flatt, 9 December 2015
lalamine: Thanks for the report! I cam able to replicate the problem with planetcute in v6.3. It looks like the problem happens only in interactive modes like the REPL and docs, and not when used within a module.
The problem seems to be fixed in our development snapshots. Unfortunately, I don't know how it got broken or fixed, so we'll have to investigate more to ensure that the bug stays fixed.
— Matthew Flatt, 9 December 2015
I see this bug; glad it's getting fixed. My daughter has made an awesome maze runner game with the planetcute images, so she was distressed about the broken compile. :)
— Peter, 10 December 2015
It will force the use of dedicated AMD graphics of a 15-inch MacBook Pro but the previous version does not require it, it is consuming more battery than before.
— 霏芃宋, 5 January 2016
Regarding AMD graphics: The only change in graphics visible from that changelog is about the underlying graphical library Gtk. Can you check if setting PLT_GTK2=y before starting DrRacket makes a difference?
— Paolo Giarrusso, 21 January 2016
Do you have a portable distribution for Windows anywhere? I used to use zipped binary snapshots for this purpose but they don't seem to be available any longer, only *.exe versions.
— Kevin Havener, 2 February 2016
Some unfortunate news has been brought to the limelight surrounding a rapper than many people call their favorite. Rick Ross is getting some heat for yet another instance in which he has made himself out to be a fool, adding to the constant oppression that women in the music business face each and every day.
A couple years back, Ross had quite the disturbing set of lyrics on his track “U.O.E.N.O.” The lyrics “Put molly all in her champagne, she ain't even know it / I took her home and I enjoyed that / She ain't even know it” perfectly demonstrate what's being discussed here without any further explanation. The saddest part of that incident was that the lyrics probably went unnoticed by many listeners and Ross continued to be praised.
Now, even in 2017, Ross continues to objectify women seemingly without any care. Just yesterday, in an interview with The Breakfast Club, Angela Yee asked the rapper if he would ever sign a female rapper to his Maybach Music Group label, and he came back to say,
“You know, I never did it because I always thought I would end up fucking the female rapper, fucking the business up. I'm so focused on the business. I gotta be honest with you! She's looking good, I'm spending so much money on the photo shoots, I gotta fuck a couple of times.”
The full footage is seen below and shows everyone in the room laughing at his comment. This is an unlucky thing to happen in the hip-hop culture right now. As Rick Ross is a legend in many eyes, it's important that he stands as a role model for future rappers and the rest of society. Unfortunately, it seems like he has failed this time around. We expected more, Rick!
(Dancing Astronaut)
Iconic Absolutely Fabulous character Patsy Stone is transgender, according to Joanna Lumley.
The actress made the tongue-in-cheek revelation while discussing the show's rich history of LGBTI characters and references ahead of the release of the upcoming movie.
Speaking to V Magazine (along with Ab Fab creator and star Jennifer Saunders) Lumley said: ‘You go back and pick through it, the amount of gay references and ease with which it's been put into the story, without it being dragged along like a great log of plot.
‘It's really normal that one of [Edina's] ex-husbands now lives with his young boyfriend. It's completely normal that [Edina] wants Saffy to be a lesbian or that Serge is gay and living in New York. It's completely normal that Patsy is transgender.'
The Champagne-swilling fashionista's gender ambiguity is hinted at in various episodes of the show – including series two's Morocco [above], when a flashback shows Patsy dressed as a member of the Beatles.
Saunders, who plays Patsy's BFF Edina Monsoon, added: ‘We tried very hard, but [LGBTI people] refused to be offended – and I admire them for that. Thank God you're hanging on in there.'
Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie hits UK cinemas on 1 July, and US cinemas on 22 July.
Three new Virtual Console games are heading to the North American Wii U Virtual Console this week. Wild Gunman, Hogan's Alley, and The Adventures of Bayou Billy are arriving tomorrow for $4.99 each.
Here's an overview of Wild Gunman:
“Go back in time or relive it in today's future with the classic Wild West shoot-out of Wild Gunman! Keep your hand steady on the Wii Remote, and get the outlaw before he gets you. If you think you can win the battle against one outlaw, try winning against all of his friends.”
And Hogan's Alley:
“Use your split-second reflexes and sharpshooting accuracy in the practice shooting range! In Game A and Game B modes, aim and shoot at the gang members as they turn, while avoiding the innocent bystanders. In Game C mode, shoot the cans and keep them in the air until they reach the platforms.”
Lastly, The Adventures of Bayou Billy:
“Godfather Gordon has stolen sweet Annabelle Lane off to his estate. But Bayou Billy won't rest until his girlfriend is back home safe—even if he has to wrestle crocodiles, beat up Gordon's goons, and endure a drive-by shoot-out! Try playing shoot-out scenes with the Wii Remote in Game A mode.”
Source 1, Source 2, Source 3
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
by Colin Fox, SSP national co-spokesperson The Radical Independence Campaign conference this weekend takes place within earshot of Nicola Sturgeon's coronation ‘gig' at the Glasgow Hydro. With 3,000 participants, it will be the biggest RIC conference and by far the most important. Not only is it our first opportunity to discuss the way forward since the referendum, it also allows us to address the illusions that exist in the SNP as a ‘radical' party.
Hundreds of people who attended the first two RIC conferences have joined the SNP. So if the purpose of RIC was to advocate an alternative Scotland to that envisaged by the SNP, we appear to have failed.
RIC activists argued throughout the past two years that supporting Scotland's democratic right to self-determination does not make you a Scottish nationalist, it makes you a democrat. And we persuaded many otherwise reluctant Yes voters of that fact. Many appear however to have succumbed to the SNP's charms. The nationalists have recruited 60,000 people since 18 September and are set to reach the astonishing figure of 100,000 members by the year's-end.
“A cynic,” Oscar Wilde observed, “is someone who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing”. Anyone not astonished by the SNP's membership surge in the light of a No vote needs to read more Wilde (I recommend The Soul of Man Under Socialism as a start). Hard-nosed SNP leaders were certainly astonished! Opinion polls now suggest Labour could be virtually wiped out in Scotland next May.
So who is joining the SNP, and why? Amer Anwar, the human rights lawyer and former SWP member is the latest to join the nationalist's ranks. It will be interesting to hear him speak at RIC on Saturday before he goes over to support Nicola Sturgeon at the Hydro.
He is not the only socialist who appears to have lost his bearings. Tommy Shepherd, the former Deputy General Secretary of the Scottish Labour Party and proprietor of The Stand Comedy Club is another. He wrote in Scotland on Sunday recently that no one other than the SNP should stand candidates against Labour next May. And the SNP conference agreed with him. Their decision to allow non-members to stand as SNP candidates suggests they will not be collaborating with others parties.
But that is not what SNP member George Kerevan advocated, writing from Barcelona on the lessons of the Catalan referendum this week. Stressing the importance of the movement, he concluded “the onus is on the SNP's new members to ensure the party does not try to swallow up the wider independence movement”.
RIC must challenge such illusions in the SNP. Under Nicola Sturgeon the SNP will follow the same ‘corporate managerialist' line taken by Alex Salmond and Jack McConnell before her.
Designed to placate corporate Scotland their policies do little to eradicate the poverty and inequality that so blights our nation. Anyone who expects anything else has simply not been paying attention these past seven years. The SNP will not eradicate poverty preferring to merely ‘tackle' it, or ‘reduce' it, in other words they will ultimately ‘tolerate' it.
As Lesley Riddoch warned: “Massive cuts in public spending loom. Delivering social justice in times of austerity cannot be done. Nicola Sturgeon will have to raise taxes or cut spending. Can she meet Scotland's aspiration for change?” And David Torrance, writing in The Herald, signalled the unease amongst new SNP members at Nicola Sturgeon being “no longer terribly keen on the Radical Independence Campaign,” adding, “her leadership might mean more warmth for big business”.
The SNP's multi-million pound operation is certainly impressive and has been too seductive for some to resist. I saw it at close quarters myself in the Yes campaign. The contrast with the ham-fisted operation I observed during four years at Holyrood, when the SNP were in the political doldrums, could not be starker. But thanks to the Weir's Lotto millions and the phalanx of staff their money now employs, the SNP machine has been ‘changed utterly'. But its political ideology has not. That remains a fusion of neoliberal economics and left of Labour social policy.
So the lesson to be learned this weekend is if you are a socialist you should be in a socialist party, not building illusions in capitalist ones. The SSP believes an independence alliance is the best way to defeat Labour in Scotland next May. We refuse to underestimate them and prefer an independence alliance to an SNP dalliance.
There are no shortcuts to building an independent socialist Scotland via the SNP. It must be built on far more solid ideological foundations, with a thorough knowledge of capitalist economics and the class struggle. Above all, such a goal must be armed with a clear socialist programme, capable of mobilising the Scottish working class majority.
That socialist programme is one that SSP activists will advocate at the RIC conference this weekend, and next May, when we field candidates in the Westminster General Election.
Super Bowl LI's premier storyline seems to be centered around the battle about to take place between Tom Brady and Matt Ryan. Sure, it's one of the most compelling quarterback matchups in Super Bowl history. After all, both had historic 2016 seasons: Brady throwing for an absurd 28 touchdowns compared to only 2 interceptions, while Ryan nearly set all-time marks in quarterback rating and yards per attempt.
Yet the Brady vs Ryan matchup is essentially irrelevant to the outcome of the game. This isn't like basketball: The two quarterbacks won't be jostling for post position with each other. Generally speaking, Brady can't do anything to stop Ryan, and Ryan can't do anything to slow down Brady. I say generally speaking, though, because if you really want to get technical, I suppose one team could force the other team into using a different strategy, say by jumping out to an early lead. Nonetheless, you should understand what I'm saying!
For this reason, it's more important to analyze the key positional matchups that project to play a crucial role in determining the outcome of Super Bowl LI. I'll start by taking a look at the player many people deem to be the most intriguing element of this game, Julio Jones.
Julio Jones versus the New England secondary
How might the Patriots try to slow down Atlanta's star?
You tend to hear names like Antonio Brown and Odell Beckham Jr thrown around when people discuss who they think is the best receiver in the NFL. But Julio Jones certainly made a convincing case for himself in the NFC Championship game. I mean…
…I rest my case. Apparently Jones has been battling a toe injury in recent weeks, too. It doesn't appear to being slowing him down very much.
So how will the Patriots attempt to stop one of the NFL's more gifted playmakers in recent history? To get a sense of how Bill Belichick and defensive coordinator Matt Patricia might go about this challenge, look no further than their game plan against Antonio Brown in the AFC Championship. For instance, take a look at this photo of the Patriots' alignment on a third-and-1 early in the first quarter.
Malcolm Butler lined up in tight man-to-man coverage on the right-hand side of the formation while Devin McCourty shaded to the same side in order to provide help over the top. That left receivers Marcus Wheaton and Sammie Coates in single coverage, as you can see at the top of the image, with no help over the top. Belichick was essentially saying to Ben Roethlisberger, “you can beat us with your other guys, but you're not going to beat us with Brown.” And that's exactly what Roethlisberger tried to do on this play, throwing a deep ball down the left sideline to Coates that fell incomplete.
This strategy ultimately proved to be very effective by game's end. Faced with similar defensive alignments as the one above, Pittsburgh's secondary receivers were rarely able to take advantage of their one-on-one matchups while Brown, who was held under 100 receiving yards, never found space to break off a big play. To be fair to the Steelers, though, the outcome was certainly made worse by the fact that Le'Veon Bell left the game early with a groin injury.
Nonetheless, New England's ability to contain Brown served as another testament to Butler's continued emergence as one of the game's best corners. Though he was snubbed of his second Pro Bowl appearance, the former Super Bowl hero was still named to Pro Football Focus' All-Pro team for 2016. For the record, this honor discredits the notion that Butler benefits the help of other players in the New England secondary like McCourty: Pro Football Focus' grades are based on individual rather than team performance on a play-by-play basis.
In short, there's reason to believe that Butler can hold his own against Jones too. However, if Belichick deploys the same strategy against Jones and the Falcons as he did against the Steelers, this could be a mistake. Atlanta's “other” receivers, namely Mohammed Sanu and Taylor Gabriel, are more dangerous than Wheaton and Coates. Not only that, but it's not like the Falcons have been unbelievably reliant on Jones to produce this season, either. In fact, Atlanta has had three victories this season in which Jones was held to under four receptions and 30 yards, and they still won each game and averaged close to 34 points in the process.
Ryan clearly has no trouble finding other solutions when his preferred target is unavailable. For that reason, Belichick and Patricia clearly need to implement a more balanced game-plan than the one they used against the Steelers in order to pay attention to Sanu and Gabriel while showing respect for Jones.
I wouldn't be surprised if New England brought back a strategy used often during their last Super Bowl run in 2014 when they had another All-Pro-caliber corner in Darrelle Revis. When the Patriots encountered elite receivers that year, such as Detroit's Calvin Johnson, they often decided not to put Revis on the opposition's top target. Instead, Belichick typically assigned Brandon Browner to the number one receiver and provided serious safety help over the top. Revis, meanwhile, shadowed the team's number two target.
The Patriots haven't seemed to use this strategy as often in 2016–if at all. But given the depth of Atlanta's receiving corps, it would make sense for Belichick and Patricia to deploy two defensive backs to Jones and leave Butler to guard either Gabriel or Sanu. That may be the most effective way they can hold Atlanta under 30 points.
New England's offensive line versus Vic Beasley and the Falcons' pass rush
It will be imperative for Atlanta to find a way to harass Brady
The Patriots have spent the last decade perched atop the NFL leaderboard in seemingly every key offensive statistic. So how have teams in the past slowed them down? It's really not rocket science: Get serious pressure on Brady without using more than five men. Easier said than done, though.
Of course, it has been done before. The Giants, most notably, executed this tactic perfectly in their two Super Bowl wins over the Patriots, holding Brady and company to under 20 points in both meetings. Denver's win in last year's AFC Championship was sparked by their ability to give Brady little time and space to operate as well.
With Vic Beasley, the NFL's sack leader, leading the charge, Atlanta's pass rush will look to have similar success. This, however, could be a daunting task. Despite Beasley's monster numbers (15.5 sacks), Atlanta ranked only 24th in adjusted sack rate during the regular season, which measures sacks per pass attempt. Meanwhile, after Von Miller and DeMarcus Ware brought about the Patriots' demise last season, New England's offensive line has protected Brady far better in 2016. They rank a solid sixth in the NFL in pass protection, according to Football Outsiders. In particular, right tackle Marcus Cannon has emerged as a surprise stud, as Pro Football Focus also named him to their All-Pro team for 2016.
Nonetheless, Atlanta must find ways to disrupt Brady's rhythm. For that reason, it will be intriguing to see where head coach Dan Quinn ultimately decides to line up Vic Beasley for a majority of his snaps. He could decide to let Beasley battle Cannon on the right side, or put him on the left to take on Nate Soldier. Neither matchup is a pushover, but Beasley should have the advantage in either case. His success at getting into the New England backfield will play a large role in whether the Falcons are able to prevent the Patriots from marching down the field at will.
The interior of Atlanta's offensive line versus New England's front four
A true “strength” vs “strength” matchup
After suffering from replacement-level play from the center position last season, center Alex Mack, one of the year's best free agent acquisitions, has helped Atlanta turn into an offensive juggernaut. The four-time Pro Bowler has transformed the Falcons' running game, in particular, as they made a jump from 25th to 7th in rushing DVOA this season. His presence has certainly enabled Matt Ryan to produce his best season as a pro as well.
Mack and the rest of the Atlanta front have an interesting challenge in front of them, though. New England's defensive line has been a catalyst for the league's top-scoring defense all season long. With big run-stuffers Alan Branch and Malcolm Brown in the middle, along with Trey Flowers and Chris Long on the edge, the Patriots finished 4th in rushing defense in 2016. While the Patriots' front-four doesn't disrupt the pass as well as other units, it's still reasonable to infer that their success at containing the opponent's running game has allowed for Belichick and Patricia to devote more resources to stopping the pass. A necessary ingredient for Atlanta's unbelievable success, however, has been their ability to use the run to set up the play-action pass. Refer back to the clip of Jones' highlights above and note how many of his catches come off hard play-fakes from Ryan.
In a matchup between the NFL's two best offenses, the battle up front between Atlanta's interior lineman and New England's defensive front is the main strength vs strength battle in this year's Super Bowl. Whichever unit comes out on top will give their team a decided edge.
Dont'a Hightower and the New England linebackers versus Devonta Freeman and Tevin Coleman
An opportunity for the game's x-factor to emerge
Though I was just discussing how New England does an excellent job at neutralizing the opponent's running game, I'd be remiss if I didn't talk about their weakness at defending running backs in the passing game. The Patriots finished just 20th in this area in 2016; and a quick recap of their regular season helps illustrate how. Back in week one, New England struggled to defend David Johnson, who finished with over 120 yards from scrimmage. A few weeks later, Le'Veon Bell caught ten balls out of the backfield for close to 70 yards despite having Landry Jones at quarterback. And most notably, Seahawks running back C.J. Prosise had 87 receiving yards in their victory over New England in mid-November, one of only two defeats the Patriots suffered all season.
Because Bell went out early in the AFC Championship, the Patriots have still yet to be tested by a running back who excels at making plays in the receiving game. Unfortunately for New England, they'll be dealing with not one, but two backs with this capability. Atlanta's Devonta Freeman and Tevin Coleman both finished in the top ten of receiving yards among running backs; and their combined output amounted to over 80 receptions and 800 receiving yards.
As mentioned earlier, the Patriots will have their hands full defending Jones and company on the outside. That leaves room for either Freeman or Coleman to emerge as the x-factor in Super Bowl LI.
Predictions to come later this week! Stay tuned for a guide of the best prop bets to make for Super Bowl LI, Check Down's roundtable predictions, and, last but not least, my final breakdown and ultimate prediction for Patriots/Falcons.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
At an airfield somewhere in the UK, there's a drone with the wingspan of a Boeing 737. And it belongs to Facebook.
This enormous unmanned aerial vehicle is called Aquila—a nod to the eagle who carried Zeus's thunderbolts in Greek mythology—and it's part of Facebook's rather ambitious effort to deliver Internet access to the more than 4 billion people on earth who don't already have it. The idea is that Aquila will circle in the stratosphere, above the weather, wirelessly beaming Internet signals to base stations in underdeveloped areas of countries like Nigeria and India.
Earlier this year, the company tested smaller models of this aircraft, and now, according to Facebook's Yael Maguire, who oversees the project, the company is ready to test the full-size Aquila prototype. "The aircraft is real," he tells WIRED, before a briefing with other reporters at Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park, California.
Facebook
Though as wide as a 737, the drone weighs hundreds of times less than the commercial airliner, thanks to a carbon-fiber frame. The goal, Maguire says, is to reach a point where the drone can stay aloft for 90 days at an altitude of between 60,000 and 90,000 feet. "We think this is a very ambitious goal, given that the world record, as far as we can tell, is about two weeks."
Meanwhile, at a lab in Woodland Hills, California, another group of Facebook engineers is developing new laser networking technologies that can help the drone beam its Internet signals down to earth. According to Maguire, the group has designed and tested a laser that can deliver data at "10s of Gbits per second," hitting a target the size of a dime at a distance of 10 miles.
Developed under the aegis of a researcher group dubbed the Facebook Connectivity Lab, the Aquila project is just one of many efforts to deliver Internet access from the skies. Google is testing its own solar-powered drones—crashing one earlier this year—and it's designing enormous balloons that can already stay aloft at similar heights for upwards of 180 days. Facebook and others are also exploring satellites that provide Internet signals from higher altitudes.
Facebook
At Facebook and Google, these projects carry ulterior motives. The companies believe that if they expand the reach of the Internet, they'll expand the reach of their businesses. Neither company plans to operate their own sky-high Internet services; they plan on handing these aerials to existing providers such as Vodafone. But these projects still have a long way to go. "There are many challenges ahead," says Phil Finnegan, an analyst with the Virginia-based research outfit The Teal Group, who specializes in unmanned aerial vehicles. "Technologies are improving, but we're not there yet."
Indeed, it seems that Facebook has yet to test its 737-sized drone, and Maguire says the company likely won't reach its 90-day-aloft goal until the end of this year or early next. At 60,000 feet, the drones are indeed above the most violent weather—and the clouds—but they must still deal with a little wind and extremely cold temperatures.
Though these planes are light and can power themselves via solar energy, Facebook must also find ways for the drones to carry all the equipment needed to deliver Internet signals, says Danny Ellis, the CEO of drone company SkySpecs, who has closely followed the project. Added weight could affect speed, but he believes that Facebook's goal of a 90-day flight time is very doable. "Long-term, this is definitely a feasible idea," he says. "We've already seen similar aircraft that can fly around the globe."
Facebook
Of course, Facebook must also find ways of reliably beaming that Internet access down to earth. Though the company is claiming that its laser technology is 10 times faster than the state of the art, Maguire declines to discuss the particulars of this technology. George Papen, an optical networking researcher at the University of California, San Diego, says it's difficult to comment on Facebook's claims because the company is not providing specifics, but he says that many others are working on similar technology, and that speeds that exceed 10s of Gigabits are well within what's possible today. "This is not science fiction," he says.
The real trick is to create a networking technology that can deal with obstacles such as clouds. "Guess what? There are clouds between there and Earth," Papen says. In so many ways, this is a complex project. But Maguire and Facebook are very much committed to making it happen. The company's social network now serves 1.3 billion people worldwide. But there are so many more to reach.
After seeing a sharp rise in women purchasing firearms and applying for concealed carry permits, employees at Johnson's Sporting Goods contacted the Lenawee County Conservation League to see if anything could be done to further educate women on handguns.
The result was “Ladies Night,” a class tailored for women to learn more about guns that filled up quickly and retains a waiting list.
“There's been a stampede to buy firearms since the tragedy at Sandy Hook Elementary School, and it seems that even over the last four or five years there's been a steady increase in women buying defensive firearms,” said Mark Smith, a salesperson at Johnson's, 3654 N. Adrian Highway, Adrian. “More women all the time are getting their concealed carry license and so they come into a shop like this looking for advice.”
The class, held at the Conservation League, 1404 Sutton Road, Adrian, on most Wednesday nights, offers one-on-one instruction to each participant and focuses on individual needs and goals. The class is limited to 12 women, and the instructors volunteer their expertise.
“A lot of women decide they want a gun, take a concealed carry class, and that's all the shooting they've done,” said class coordinator and conservation league board member Dave Starks. “They need practice shooting and becoming familiar with their firearm.”
Starks said the class is not about self-defense or concealed carry, but focuses on anything from the basics to shooting skills.
“We talk to them and get to know them. They tell us what they want to learn and we teach each one based on that,” Starks said. “It's not a structured thing, and each person might be doing something different. I've got ladies that want to practice shooting to ladies who have never shot a gun and want to learn how to load and shoot. If someone just wants to learn how to take it out of the box, we will go that basic.”
“I love it. It's a great class,” said Mary Davis, a class participant who works at ProMedica Bixby Hospital and recently purchased a 9mm Ruger pistol. She said she bought her gun for personal protection and enrolled in the class so she could learn how to shoot.
“The instructor you're assigned for each class teaches you everything you want to know about your gun,” she said. “I want to know how to be safe, what to do if my gun jams, how to take my gun apart and clean it, and how to line up my sights.”
Davis said learning so much about her weapon has not only helped her feel safer, it has interested her in competitive shooting as well.
“It's not just about protection anymore — it's becoming more of a sport,” she said. “I'm really interested in the target leagues, and that's what is so beautiful about this class.”
“No one in my family ever had guns, and I married into a family that grew up with guns,” said Michele Gierke of Clinton. “About six years ago there was a violent crime in my family, and I decided that I wasn't going to be afraid. I wanted to learn because I didn't want to be afraid of guns.”
Gierke, a teacher at Symons Elementary School in Milan, said she has had instruction in the past and had just a few practices after she bought her first revolver.
“I wanted to feel comfortable and I was still nervous; I needed more confidence. I know that I needed someone standing with me and pointing out issues right away,” Gierke said. “I found that I enjoy it and I'm actually pretty good at it. Because of this class, I have learned how to shoot a semi-automatic and I'm not afraid of it anymore. A gun is a powerful tool and you have to learn how to manipulate it.”
“When I ask them why they take the class, most of the women say it's for protection,” said Michelle Stuck, a retired Michigan State Police trooper and class instructor. “They want to feel safe and secure in their house and they want to know how to handle a gun.”
Stuck, who taught firearms to academy cadets for two years, said she is happy to see more women taking an interest in firearms. Stuck herself competes on a pistol league.
Stuck's husband, Ed Stuck, also volunteers as an instructor. He is retired from the Ann Arbor Police Department and taught firearms to law enforcement for 25 years.
“I'm really pleased with this class. I've taught firearms for a long time, and I've found women are actually easier to teach,” he said. “Women tend to be more apprehensive at first, but once they understand what to do and how things are supposed to be done, they retain the info very well and they are very fun to work with.”
Ed Stuck said learning about guns in a nonjudging environment is important for women to become comfortable and empowered.
“Somewhere they decided that they need to protect themselves, and they had come to that decision on their own for whatever reason,” he said. “Johnson's is selling a lot of guns and it's nice that they took the step to try to find some sort of instruction for women to become proficient and safe with them. I can't stress safety enough — it's a huge responsibility, and when you own a gun, it's your responsibility to become proficient and safe.”
According to the Lenawee County Sheriff's Department, records show applications for concealed carry are on the rise, but records are not
kept discerning male and female applicants.
The current class will run through the beginning of April and a second class will be planned. Those wanting more information can visit www.lenaweeconservationleague.com.
Tweeting King's Dream
Advocacy group releases full footage of MLK's speech on #InternetFreedomDay.
Storified by The Stream· Fri, Jan 18 2013 10:57:13
@mayaazucena plz RT Happy #InternetFreedomDay. MLK Jr's call for racial justice should never be censored by copyright. http://vimeo.com/57653391Fight for the Future
On Friday, the video began circulating on the web, mostly on Twitter. The online campaign coincides with the US federal holiday "Martin Luther King Jr. Day" which falls on January 21, 2013.
Don't let our broken copyright system stop you from seeing #MLK's "I Have a Dream" speech: http://vimeo.com/57653391 #InternetFreedomDayAlexandra White
MLK's “I Have a Dream” speech is copyrighted, regularly taken down by EMI. Share it anyway: http://vimeo.com/57653391 #InternetFreedomDayviolet blue ®
Today is #InternetFreedomDay, 1st anniversary of the stop-#SOPA movement. New video from @fightfortheftr for MLK Day: http://goo.gl/OnTeBDavid Moore
RT @mon_mothma: Happy #InternetFreedomDay. MLK's “I Have a Dream” speech is copyrighted. Share it anyway. http://vimeo.com/57653391Patricia
Internet Freedom activists say the campaign is in line with King's calls for civil disobedience.
MLK's "I Have a Dream" speech is copyrighted. Share it anyway. Small act of civil disobedience for #InternetFreedomDay http://vimeo.com/57653391Fight for the Future
Happy #InternetFreedomDay ! Watch MLK "I have a dream" as civil disobedience against antiquated copyright laws http://ow.ly/gVWEnCynthia Zweier
Within 12 hours of being uploaded, the video was removed by Vimeo.
Via VimeoAJstream
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. has been #CENSORED. Video honoring #MLK for #InternetFreedomDay has been taken down by Vimeo http://vimeo.com/57653391Fight for the Future
Thanks @fightfortheftr for posting MLK's "I Have a Dream" speech. Truly inspirational. I'd share but it's been taken down because copyrightKimberly Muñoz
What do you think? Should King's speech be copyrighted? What results will this campaign bring? Leave you thoughts in the comments below?
*** Originally published on December 19th 2017 ***
Richard Keys has launched an extraordinary attack on Rafa Benitez - claiming Newcastle United's current plight is “nothing” to do with Mike Ashley and “everything” to do with the Magpies manager.
United have lost eight of their last nine games and have won just once in 13 matches, a dreadful run of form which has seen Newcastle slip into the Premier League relegation zone.
Benitez was left angered by the Magpies' failure to strengthen sufficiently during the summer window, warning that their current downturn in form was likely, and has already stressed his desire to recruit reinforcements in January.
But, given the impact Roy Hodgson, Sam Allardyce and David Moyes have made at Crystal Palace, Everton and West Ham United respectively, former Sky Sports anchor Keys has decided to “bang the drum for British coaching”.
In the process of praising that trio for their short-term success at those three relegation-threatened clubs, Keys has taken a swipe at so-called ‘super coaches', and has singled out Benitez for particular criticism.
“For some time now I've been banging the drum for British coaching,” Keys writes in his latest blog .
“Despite the usual hysterical reactions, mostly from people who half-read what I write and immediately jump on their keyboards, I have no intention of stopping.
“Let me say it again - in my view British coaches are every bit as good as their foreign counter-parts.
“Now let's qualify that statement. Nothing about it is ‘anti' foreign. Nothing at all. Where would we have been without the entertainment Mourinho has given us down the years? Granted, more off the pitch than on!
“Here's an inconvenient truth - the three Brits who've taken charge at Palace, West Ham and Everton have lifted those clubs 16 places since taking over. Not bad eh?
“Moyes is fast becoming a hero at West Ham, Allardyce has got Everton moving and Hodgson has got Palace off the bottom and out of trouble.”
Benitez has repeatedly cited Newcastle's inability to compete financially with some of their Premier League rivals in an attempt to contextualise their current plight.
Yet Keys points to the supposed £102million Benitez has spent in the transfer market over the last 18 months - without clarifying that the Spaniard's business has actually earned the club a £12.8m profit during that time - to allege that Chris Hughton did a better job during the 2009/10 promotion-winning campaign, and that Sean Dyche is, by comparison, excelling at Burnley.
“But I've often wondered how a ‘Super Coach' would manage at the wrong end of our league - and it looks like I might be getting my answer,” Keys continues.
“I've said before - great credit to Benitez for the job he did getting Newcastle up. It was every bit as good as the job Chris Hughton did the last time they got promoted from the Championship.
“To get the job done Benitez spent £102m and took 17 players to St James' Park. Hughton didn't.
“Now the Toon languish in the bottom three - having taken just one point from 27. I'll say that again - one point from 27.
“Benitez wants more money to correct the problem. Of course he does. I'm sure Alan Pardew does at West Brom. I'm sure Paul Clement does. I'm sure David Moyes, Eddie Howe and Roy Hodgson do. I'm sure Mark Hughes does. Will they get it? I don't think so.
Show more
“No, I'm sorry Rafa, it's a different game at the other end of the table isn't it? The run Newcastle is on is NOTHING to do with Mike Ashley and EVERYTHING to do with what's happening ON the pitch - or rather isn't happening on the pitch. No Rafa, this one is down to you.
Take part in our poll Go to our website
“Sean Dyche hasn't had anything like £102m to spend at Burnley. In fact, last summer he traded at a profit - again. The Brits are obviously doing something right.”
The 20-year-old defensive midfielder spent time with the Los Angeles Galaxy's academy before landing with Olympique Marseille. He will play a huge role for New Zealand at the U-20 World Cup.
BY Brian Sciaretta Posted
April 04, 2015
4:15 PM SHARE THIS STORY
THE GENERAL CONSENSUS is that the United States U-20 team received a favorable draw for this summer's World Cup—New Zealand, Ukraine, and Myanmar—but Group A may prove to be a bit trickier than many realize. In particular, New Zealand, the host nation, could provide a difficult test for the Yanks.
The Whites have rostered that consists of several promising players who will be boosted by passionate home crowds and a surge of national support.
Bill Tuiloma, 19, will likely be the cornerstone of New Zealand's U-20 squad. The defensive midfielder has already broken into the first team on Olympique Marseille as well as the full New Zealand national team. He is also a veteran of the New Zealand U-20 team that lost all three of its matches at the 2013 World Cup.
As the most accomplished player of the host nation, Tuiloma will be one of the most visible players at the World Cup and he is excited about the tournament. But he also realizes the group stage games will be difficult—including New Zealand's second game against the United States in Auckland.
“I was pretty happy with who we got in our group but it's going to be tough,” Tuiloma told American Soccer Now. “They'll be top players. Back home in New Zealand I think they're probably thinking the same thing with who we got in our group.”
“I don't have much information on the U.S. team yet but that will come soon from the coaching staff,” Tuiloma added. “I think they'll be a strong side, well-structured, and will be hard to break down.”
The makeup of New Zealand's team is atypical. There are a few players in the pool based in Europe, a few in Australia's A-League, and even a handful playing college soccer in the United States. There is also a core group of athletes who play together every day and compete as a team in New Zealand's domestic league. <p></p>
“A large number of the wider squad are playing as part of a team competing in the national league in New Zealand with our coaching staff,” Tuiloma said. “The other players involved are spread around in teams in that league with a few players at overseas clubs. So the squad is looking good. We want to go further than any other New Zealand team before and getting to the quarterfinals would be massive.”
Tuiloma spent 2012-13 in the U.S. developing his game as a member of the Los Angeles Galaxy's youth academy. He left the MLS squad for a trial at Queens Park Rangers—where strict U.K. work permit regulations for non-E.U. citizens prevented him from signing. He then moved onto Marseille where he penned a deal shortly before the start of the 2013 U-20 World Cup.
After playing with Marseille's youth teams, Tuiloma made his Ligue 1 first-team debut earlier this month in a 1-1 draw against Rennes. Since then he has been consistently making the matchday roster, and occasionally coming off the bench. Marseille are currently in third place in Ligue 1.
Tuiloma looks back fondly at his time in Southern California.
“My time in the United States and training at Galaxy with the youth and reserves team was a great experience,” Tuiloma said. “I wanted to give it a go and like any other player, I want to be a professional football player.”
Breaking into the first team at a club like Olympique Marseille as a teenager is an impressive accomplishment and the Galaxy recognized his talent but said that the MLS mechanisms were insufficient at the time to sign him at the age of 16-17. A Galaxy spokesman added that Tuiloma is the type of player the team would now be able to keep within the organization.
“Bill was a player that the club did rate highly, but Galaxy II hadn't been established yet and it would have been difficult to offer an MLS contract to him as an international player,” a Galaxy spokesman told ASN. “He is a talented player and that's why he was a part of our academy system, but we couldn't commit to an MLS contract. Galaxy II was created so we would have the opportunity to keep players like Bill within the Galaxy organization, from the Galaxy Academy through the first team.”
For now, however, Tuiloma is excited to be a major part of one of the biggest soccer events to come to New Zealand and he hopes that the event will boost the growth of the sport in his country. In 1999, New Zealand hosted the U-17 World Cup but the hosts failed to advance out of the group stage and an opening game 2-1 loss to the United States—on a winning goal from Landon Donovan—set the tone for a disappointing tournament.
While the sport is growing in New Zealand, it still faces competition similar to soccer in the United States. In New Zealand, soccer remains far behind rugby in the national pecking order. The national team, the All Blacks, dominates internationally and is one of the sport's most popular teams from a global perspective. The national cricket team is also very popular. It recently competed in the 2015 cricket World Cup where it finished in second place with wins over England, Scotland, Sri Lanka, South Africa, and the West Indies.
Where the 1994 World Cup was instrumental for the growth of soccer in the United States, Tuiloma is hoping the U-20 World Cup will have a similar effect and move soccer into higher prominence in a sporting landscape where the All Blacks dominate.
The pressure will be on Tuiloma and New Zealand's U-20 team to succeed and they will be representing both their country and their sport. The Whites are not a traditional soccer power but they could be a tough opponent since they will be boosted by crowd eager to provide the support in one of the biggest non-rugby competitions to hit the nation.
“When people think of New Zealand for sports, rugby is the first thing most people come up with,” Tuiloma said. “But football is progressing and now we're hosting the U-20 World Cup, I believe it will give football in New Zealand a massive boost and help the younger generations to start playing the game. People back home are really excited and can't wait for it to start. I think there will be a big crowd at our games and there will be a lot cheering and excitement during the tournament. Having home advantage is huge, yes it gives us a bit of pressure, but this is a once in a lifetime chance of having the second biggest football tournament in our country.
"So we will be ready and take on the challenge.”
Brian Sciaretta is an American Soccer Now columnist and an ASN 100 panelist. Follow him on Twitter.
War on drugs has failed and is actively harming public health, major study concludes BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The five-decade long international “War on Drugs” started by US president Richard Nixon has harmed the public health and should be scrapped in favour of a process of decriminalisation, a major new report has concluded. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/war-on-drugs-has-failed-and-is-actively-harming-public-health-major-study-concludes-34581672.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/article34581667.ece/e4a6f/AUTOCROP/h342/cannabis.jpg
Email
The five-decade long international “War on Drugs” started by US president Richard Nixon has harmed the public health and should be scrapped in favour of a process of decriminalisation, a major new report has concluded.
Anti-drug policies and laws have had “no measurable impact on supply or use” and cannot be justified on scientific or public health grounds, according to the authors of study commissioned by the Johns Hopkins Ivy League university and The Lancet.
The report presents “compelling evidence” that countries such as Portugal and the Czech Republic have decriminalised non-violent minor drug offences with positive results, including “public health benefits, cost savings, lower incarceration [rates] and no significant increase in problematic drug use”.
Urging action from countries such as the US and UK which still have highly strict drugs policies, the authors called on governments to consider “regulated markets” for cannabis like those in Uruguay and the US states of Washington, Colorado, Oregon and Alaska.
Looking at evidence from around the world, the study found drug laws had been applied in a way that was “discriminatory against racial and ethnic minorities and women, and has undermined human rights”.
And it identified prison terms for minor drug offenders as the single “biggest contribution to higher rates of infection among drug users” with diseases such as HIV and hepatitis C.
Read more
Cannabis legalisation in UK 'would raise £1bn a year in taxes'
Cannabis oil 'transformed life' of terminally ill brain tumour man
Marijuana legalisation in Colorado: Thousands of jobs created, $60m taxes raised and crime is falling as police admit 'everything is fine'
Dr Chris Beyrer, from Johns Hopkins' Bloomberg School of Public Health, said prohibition was the basis for many national drug laws - “policies based on ideas about drug use and dependence that are not scientifically grounded”.
“The global 'war on drugs' has harmed public health, human rights and development,” he said.
“It's time for us to rethink our approach to global drug policies, and put scientific evidence and public health at the heart of drug policy discussions.”
Independent
Independent News Service
How San Antonio neighborhoods got their names
As one of the largest and fastest-growing cities in the nation, San Antonio is sprawling with many neighborhoods and subdivisions. Click ahead to see how some of them got their names. As one of the largest and fastest-growing cities in the nation, San Antonio is sprawling with many neighborhoods and subdivisions. Click ahead to see how some of them got their names. Photo: Darren Abate, San Antonio Express-News Photo: Darren Abate, San Antonio Express-News Image 1 of / 34 Caption Close How San Antonio neighborhoods got their names 1 / 34 Back to Gallery
As one of the largest and fastest-growing cities in the nation, San Antonio is sprawling with many neighborhoods and subdivisions. Developers continually manufacture divisions with pastoral, inviting street names to attract a seemingly endless cycle of homeowners.
While developers have long guided how San Antonio's residential areas evolved, a look at the city's older neighborhoods lends some perspective on how prominent residents — farmers, bankers and doctors — influenced the areas, and how they attracted homeowners as the city grew.
For example, in his book Place Names of San Antonio, David P. Green points out that neighborhoods attached names to words like "Heights" or "Hill" to indicate that the area was safe from flooding and frequented by cooling breezes.
This wasn't always the case, however; residents of Monte Vista threw a contest to name its neighborhood.
Drawing from Green's research and information gathered from neighborhood associations, the gallery above tells the story of how some of the most enduring neighborhoods in the city got their names.
More on the origins of San Antonio's suburbs is elaborated in this blog post 'From the Vault.'
jmscott@mysa.com
In California last week, Chinese researchers unveiled details of a microprocessor that they hope will bring personal computing to most ordinary people in China by 2010. The chip, code-named Godson-3, was developed with government funding by more than 200 researchers at the Chinese Academy of Sciences' Institute of Computing Technology (ICT).
Enter the dragon: This single-core central processing unit, known as Loongson, or “dragon chip,” was designed and manufactured in China. Chinese engineers have the goal of deploying quad-core chips by 2009.
China is making a late entry into chip making, admits Zhiwei Xu, deputy director of ICT. “Twenty years ago in China, we didn't support R&D for microprocessors,” he said during a presentation last week at the Hot Chips conference, in Palo Alto. “The decision makers and [Chinese] IT community have come to realize that CPUs [central processing units] are important.”
Tom Halfhill, an analyst at research firm In-Stat, says that the objective for China is to take control of the design and manufacture of vital technology. “Like America wants to be energy independent, China wants to be technology independent,” Halfhill says. “They don't want to be dependent on outside countries for critical technologies like microprocessors, which are, nowadays, a fundamental commodity.” Federal laws also prohibit the export of state-of-the-art microprocessors from the United States to China, meaning that microchips shipped to China are usually a few generations behind the newest ones in the West.
Despite its late start, China is making rapid progress. The ICT group began designing a single-core CPU in 2001, and by the following year had developed Godson-1, China's first general-purpose CPU. In 2003, 2004, and 2006, the team introduced every faster versions of a second chip–Godson-2–based on the original design. According to Xu, each new chip tripled the performance of the previous one.
Godson chips are manufactured in China by a French-Italian company called ST Microelectronics and are available commercially under the brand name Loongson, meaning “dragon chip.” Loongson chips already power some personal computers and servers on the Chinese market, which come with the Linux operating system and other open-source software. “They use a lot of open-source software because it's free,” says Halfhill. “The Chinese government wants to get as many PCs into schools and as many workplaces as they can.”
The latest Godson chips will also have a number of advanced features. Godson-3, a chip with four cores–processing units that work in parallel–will appear in 2009, according to Xu, and an eight-core version is also under development. Both versions will be built using 65-nanometer lithography processes, which are a generation older than Intel's current 45-nanometer processes. Importantly, Godson-3 is scalable, meaning that more cores can be added to future generations without significant redesign. Additionally, the architecture allows engineers to precisely control the amount of power that it uses. For instance, parts of the chip can be shut down when they aren't in use, and cores can operate at various frequencies, depending on the tasks that they need to perform. The four-core Godson-3 will consume 10 watts of power, and the eight-core chip will consume 20 watts, says Xu.
This latest chip will also be fundamentally different from those made before. Neither Godson-1 nor -2 is compatible with Intel's so-called x86 architecture, meaning that most commercial software will not run on them. But engineers have added 200 additional instructions to Godson-3 to simulate an x86 chip, which allows Godson-3 to run more software, including the Windows operating system. And because the chip architecture is only simulated, there is no need to obtain a license from Intel.
Erik Metzger, a patent attorney at Intel, says that the chip will only perform at about 80 percent of the speed of an actual x86 chip. “That implies that [the Chinese government] is going after a low-end market,” he says. This is the same market that Intel is targeting with its classmate PC and low-power atom microprocessor. Metzger adds that the inner workings of the chip, known as its instruction set, have not yet been disclosed, making it difficult to know if or how any x86 patents may have been breeched.
The Chinese team hopes to further boost its chip program through collaboration with other companies and researchers. “We still lag behind the international partners a lot,” says Xu. “But we are doing our best to join the international community.”
So, here we have Lilly, from Katawa Shoujo!If you don't know what Katawa Shoujo is, then let me start you off with a link to the website: [link] Katawa Shoujo is a free Visual Novel developed by Four Leaf Studios. Yes, free! As in, you can download the whole thing for nothing, basically invalidating all your excuses not to download it right off the bat. So there you go.The premise of Katawa Shoujo is simple, almost deceptively so: it's basically high school romance with disabled girls. Beyond that blunt summary lies some well written and emotionally evocative storytelling, and I'm being honest when I say I was pleasantly surprised by the quality on show. Each of the 5 routes takes about 5 or 6 hours roughly to read, so it's not too heavy an investment. Give it a shot.Anyway, Lilly. Lilly is my favourite of the girls of KS, and though I've yet to try Rin's route yet, Lilly's route has been my favourite so far. Manly tears were very nearly shed over it. So when I saw a little fanart competition on a forum, I decided to give it a shot, and here we are.Thanks for looking! (And seriously, give KS a shot.)
Roy Moore, the Republican nominee for Senate in Alabama, gained then lost thousands of apparently fake Twitter followers in the space of a few hours — a situation that his campaign blamed on Democrats.
“We highly doubt that reporters across the country spend most of their free time on Sunday breaking away from church, family, and football to review the Twitter followers of various candidates across the country,” Moore's campaign said in an emailed statement. “It is more likely that Doug Jones and Democrat operatives are pulling a political stunt on Twitter and alerting their friends in the media.”
The saga did begin on Sunday, when multiple Twitter users noticed that Moore's account had nearly doubled its follower count, from slightly more than 26,000 to more than 47,000, in less than a week. At least 1,100 of the new followers had Russian names and Twitter bios, often consisting of pure gibberish such as “Master of Plastic Shackles” and “to be a little girl.”
Alabama GOP Senate nominee Roy Moore's Twitter followers list looks like it's straight out of the Moscow phone book https://t.co/1dN7PZucCm pic.twitter.com/O24pfNGVfH — New Civil Rights (@newcivilrights) October 16, 2017
The Moore campaign, which did not respond to a question from The Washington Post, told the Montgomery Advertiser that it had “absolutely nothing to do” with the follower surge, and that it had not purchased followers. By early Monday afternoon, 6,000 of the new followers had been purged, with the campaign telling the Advertiser that it had asked Twitter for help. Shortly thereafter, the campaign issued a statement asking if Democrats had been behind the bot surge.
“It's not surprising that they'd choose the favorite topic of MSNBC and the Fake News outlets — the Russia conspiracy,” said the campaign. “Democrats can't win this election on the issues and their desperation is on full display.”
The Russian bot farce, handled in a matter of hours, is unlikely to have an impact on Moore's race. But since securing the GOP nomination on Sept. 26, a victory that conservative activists seized on as the first skirmish in a war with the party's “corporatists” and “establishment,” Moore has not united Republicans around his campaign as decisively as Doug Jones, the Democratic nominee, has united his party.
On Monday morning, Jones's campaign announced that it had raised $1.3 million since July, spiking in the days after Moore secured the Republican nomination. Over the weekend, Jones announced endorsements from the pro-gay-rights Human Rights Campaign and the environmentalist League of Conservation Voters, groups that typically support Democrats but sometime sit out tough races.
Jones also went on the air, for the first time, with an ad that portrayed him as a pragmatist who would work with Republicans on Alabama's behalf.
“Our leaders have lost sight of what it means to serve,” says Jones in the ad. “We need leaders people can talk to and trust, even if they don't agree on everything.”
Today, our campaign put its first ad up on TV. Your support means everything, watch below.https://t.co/8WZQvLeBxP pic.twitter.com/l28igzquG5 — Doug Jones (@GDouglasJones) October 10, 2017
Moore's campaign, meanwhile, has not won over the D.C.-based GOP groups that tried to stop him from getting the nomination. In an email to the Birmingham News, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce suggested that it would sit out the race. In an email to The Washington Post, Senate Leadership Fund strategist Stephen Law said it was unlikely that the super PAC would need to intervene in Alabama.
“We said we supported Moore the night of the runoff and haven't ruled anything out since then,” said Law. “Moore's lead is smaller than the typical Republican running statewide, but it would still be a tough row to hoe for Democrats.”
Moore, meanwhile, has spent the weeks since his victory building support with his conservative base — a block of voters typically big enough to secure Republican victories in Alabama. Over the weekend, he delivered his first major post-election speech at the Values Voter Summit in D.C., talking more about the diminished role of morality in public life than about the race itself.
“Don't you know God's not acceptable in this system, this political arena?” asked Moore. “Are we going to allow the government to take over the health-care industry when today you see the problems we have with the VA hospitals?”
In the first days after Moore's victory, some Republicans worried that his more extreme views would become problems for the party's other candidates. By and large, the GOP has avoided that problem. At Monday's impromptu news conference, President Trump blew past specific questions about Moore's beliefs to say that he would be talking with the candidate soon.
“I'm going to be meeting with Roy sometime next week, and we're going to talk to him about a lot of different things,” said Trump. “He ran a very strong race. The people of Alabama, who I like very much and they like me very much — but they like Roy.”
Barclays has settled on Dublin for its main hub inside the European Union after Brexit and is planning to add about 150 staff there if UK-based finance companies lose easy access to the trading bloc, according to people with knowledge of the decision.
Bloomberg is reporting that the bank started scouting the city for office space this month and has been in contact with regulators here about expanding its operations, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plans are not public.
Barclays is moving ahead with contingency plans so it can continue serving EU clients if UK Prime Minister Theresa May fails to strike a transitional or permanent deal preserving London's access within the two-year renegotiation period.
"We have made clear repeatedly that we will plan for a range of Brexit contingencies, including building greater capacity into our existing operations in Dublin," the bank said in a statement.
"Identifying available office space is a necessary and predictable part of that contingency planning
process."
International banks have started to reveal more about their plans to shift jobs and set up new offices within the EU after Ms May indicated last week she'll pull Britain out of the single market and pursue other arrangements.
Financial firms are most concerned about a "cliff edge" Brexit, whereby all access is cut off after two years.
Barclays staff moved to or hired in Dublin could include senior managers, derivatives specialists, currency traders, compliance and human resources staff, one of the people said.
The bank has not decided when employees will be moved or new hires made, with the timescale determined by how negotiations progress after Article 50 is triggered at the end of March, starting the formal two-year exit process.
The bank already has about 100 employees in the Ireland division, which is run by Sasha Wiggins from its office on the south side of the city centre.
Barclays's 'Plan A' working assumption is that a deal will eventually be hammered out and British financial companies will not have to relocate services such as euro clearing to subsidiaries inside the EU, one of the people said.
Nevertheless, the lack of clarity means executives have to prepare for the worst, the people said.
The bank expects initial contingency planning to cost about £15m, including fees for lawyers and
real estate agents, the people said.
Bloomberg has previously reported Standard Chartered was also approached Irish officials about making Dublin its legal base inside the EU, people familiar with its discussions said in December.
Credit Suisse Group is also said to be exploring options to expand in Dublin.
ISLAMABAD/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif will tell U.S. President Barack Obama this week that Islamabad will not accept limits on its use of small tactical nuclear weapons, Pakistani officials said on Wednesday.
Prime Minister of Pakistan Muhammad Nawaz Sharif addresses a plenary meeting of the United Nations Sustainable Development Summit 2015 at the United Nations headquarters in Manhattan, New York September 27, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Pakistan insists smaller weapons would deter a sudden attack by its bigger neighbor India, which is also a nuclear power. But the United States worries tactical weapons may further destabilize an already volatile region because their smaller size makes them more tempting to use in a conventional war.
Sharif and Obama are due to meet at the White House on Thursday. The Obama administration is preparing to sell eight F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan in an attempt to bolster the two countries' relationship despite Washington's concerns about Pakistan's growing nuclear arsenal, according to a U.S. source familiar with the matter.
The aircraft sales, which the U.S. Congress could block, would be a symbolic step given Pakistan's already large fleet of fighter jets. The sales were first reported by the New York Times.
The United States wants Pakistan to commit to not using tactical nuclear weapons but Islamabad wants to keep its options open as a way of deterring a potential Indian attack, said Maria Sultan, head of the South Asian Strategic Stability Institute.
Pakistan says the United States is demanding unreasonable limits on its use of nuclear weapons and not offering much in return apart from a hazy promise to consider Pakistan as a recognized recipient of nuclear technology.
“Pakistan's nuclear program is ... India-centric. And it exists to make war a non-option ... Tactical nuclear weapons block off this room (for war) completely,” said a Pakistani security official with knowledge of the country's nuclear program. “No one can dictate what kind of weapons we will make or use.”
Pakistan was working on developing a nuclear submarine, he added. “The goal is a sea-based second strike capability,” he said, referring to a submarine that could carry nuclear warheads and strike in case land-based nuclear weapons were wiped out.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met Sharif on Wednesday but State Department spokesman John Kirby declined to say whether a U.S. call for nuclear restraint was discussed.
Kirby told a regular news briefing Pakistan remained engaged with the international community on nuclear security and added: “We believe that they believe in the importance of nuclear security issues.”
U.S. URGES PAKISTAN-INDIA DIALOGUE
Kirby also said the United States encouraged India and Pakistan to engage in direct dialogue to reduce tensions.
“The normalization of relations between Pakistan and India is vital to both countries and to the region,” he said, while adding Kerry and Sharif discussed the need for more efforts against militants in Pakistan.
Pakistan and India have fought three wars since becoming separate countries in 1947. Both claim the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir. India frequently accuses Pakistan of supporting militants operating on Indian territory.
For the past two years, Pakistan has tested missiles that can reach all of India, and very short-range missiles that could be used if Indian troops cross onto Pakistani soil.
Pakistani Foreign Secretary Aizaz Chaudhry said on Tuesday this was a reaction to Indian threats to make a limited, lightning raid with conventional forces in case of militant attack, an idea known as the “Cold Start” doctrine.
“In India, they brought the Cold Start doctrine,” he said. “So we have also preserved our deterrence capability.”
Nonproliferation experts worry that Pakistan's tactical nuclear weapons increase the risk of nuclear conflict.
“The smaller they are, the more tempting it becomes to use them against a conventional force,” said nuclear physics professor Pervez Hoodbhoy.
“The development and deployment of tactical nuclear weapons is a complete change of strategy. Earlier, nuclear weapons were instruments for deterring war, but now they're seen as weapons for actually fighting a war.”
Maria Sultan, head of the South Asian Strategic Stability Institute, said Washington was demanding that Pakistan increase its threshold for launching a nuclear attack and crack down on anti-India militants.
But it did not offer Pakistan what it craved, she said - recognition as a legitimate supplier of nuclear technology.
Apple makes light of its competition by comparing a supermodel to a man in a dress.
SOFTWARE giant Microsoft has admitted it slugs Australian customers significantly more for its products in a federal committee today and said if customers didn't like it they would "vote with their wallets".
Microsoft became the latest international technology company to face the House of Representatives committee into information technology prices this afternoon, following evidence from Adobe and Apple.
Microsoft Australia managing director Pip Marlow said the company did not create one price for all global customers and instead set a different, higher price for its Australian users.
"Is there a price differential for our customers? Clearly yes," Ms Marlow said.
"We don't set a global price for our products. We do not operate on a standard price because we do not believe that every market is the same."
Ms Marlow said Australian prices were determined based on competition in the market, and said customers who did not approve of their software prices would buy software elsewhere.
"Our customers will vote with their wallets," she said.
Ms Marlow refused to comment directly on claims by Member for Chifley Ed Husic that a Microsoft software suite that cost $2324 in the US and Singapore cost $4136 in Australia.
Earlier today technology behemoths Adobe and Apple defended slugging Australians with high prices.
Adobe defended charging Australians more than $1000 extra for its publishing software by claiming that Australians were receiving a "personalised" service on its local website.
Addressing the House of Representatives committee on information technology pricing today, Adobe Australia and New Zealand managing director Paul Robson was questioned about why the company charged Australians 167 per cent more -- $3175 versus $US1899 -- for its Creative Suite 6 software.
Mr Robson said consumers in this country were automatically redirected to the company's Australian website so they could access local discounts and community groups, and purchase Adobe's software at local rates.
Mr Robson said Adobe's use of Australian-only pricing or "geoblocking" was a "well established and legal process" yet he failed to explain why Australians were paying significantly more for the same product.
"We're acutely aware that we can only succeed if we deliver innovation," he said. "If our customers believe they can get better value elsewhere, they simply won't do business with us."
Mr Robson said the company had last month lowered the price of access to its Creative Cloud software service to Australia to deliver fairer prices.
Technology giant Apple defended slugging Australians more for music, movies and TV shows, blaming the content owners for charging a higher "wholesale price" for media delivered to Australian eyes and ears.
Apple Australia vice-president Tony King told the committee that the company would "love to see lower content prices" in Australia but music label deals and copyright issues prevented it from offering lower prices or opening its US iTunes Store to a global market.
Mr King said record labels and TV and movie rights owners were responsible for setting different digital content prices in different markets and they should be the companies called before the federal committee.
"We would love to see cheaper, lower prices in the Australian market," Mr King said. "The difference in a price will stem from the different in a wholesale price from the owner of the rights."
Mr King said Apple was not responsible for setting these geographically different prices and, despite them, prices in the Australian iTunes Store were "similar" to prices charged in Australian retail stores.
In response to a question by Member for Chifley Ed Husic, Mr King said Apple could not legally open its US iTunes Store to Australian customers.
"When (an individual piece of content) is licenced to iTunes, a condition of that negotiation is that we make it available only for specified markets," he said. "Most rights are still today on a territory by territory, market by market basis. There are few rights that are truly global and that creates confusion for customers."
Mr King said Apple had taken great lengths to ensure its own hardware products were priced at "parity" in Australia, taking into considerations the Australian GST and costs associated with delivering products in Australia.
Earlier, consumer group Choice told news.com.au it has five big questions for the tech companies.
1. Why is it costing Australians 70 per cent more to rock out to AC/DC's Back in Black on iTunes?
2. Why does it cost a graphic designer in Adelaide $3175 to buy Adobe CS6 Design and Web Premium when a creative in Los Angeles only has to pay $US1899?
3. Why does it cost a small business in Sydney $599 to buy Microsoft's Office Professional 2013 when a business in San Francisco only has to pay $US399.99?
4. How many of their staff in Australia work on developing software?
5. Who sets the pricing on iTunes - Apple or the music and film industry?
Matt Levey, head of campaigns at Choice said there is "no justification" for why Australians are paying more than US consumers for identical products.
"We have heard all sorts of excuses from the tech companies, like claims that Australian wages, rent and taxes are too high and that our warranties are onerous," he said.
"Our research shows that none of the excuses stack up and the only conclusion is that the technology companies are greedy."
"Today, Adobe, Apple and Microsoft have every opportunity to come clean on their dirty deeds," says Mr Levey.
News.com.au is covering the hearings throughout the day.
Arlington principal resigns: Read the letter
By Washington Post editors
Kathleen Francis, principal of Williamsburg Middle School, announced her resignation Tuesday in an open letter to the school community that criticized the county superintendent. Read it below and Arlington Public Schools' response farther down.
The letter:
Dear Parents and WMS Community,
Open Letter to Williamsburg Middle School Community
February 1, 2011
Williamsburg is an outstanding school with wonderful students and a dedicated staff. I'm proud to have served as part of this community for 18 years and hopefully contributed to its educational excellence. Therefore, it is with a heavy heart that I inform you I am resigning as Principal and will be leaving WMS in March. I do this recognizing the regrettable disruption this may create. However, it is unavoidable because of the untenable and hostile work environment created by Superintendent Murphy for me and Arlington Public Schools.
At this point, it is unproductive to dwell on all the details of the difficult year-long struggle that has precipitated this decision. However, since you may be impacted by this disruption, you deserve to know some of the reasons.
In summary, Dr. Murphy, and Assistant Superintendent Dr. Hobbs acting at his direction, has engaged in an ongoing series of actions to harass me and mischaracterize my performance and professional reputation in the hopes of encouraging my departure from APS.
These actions were taken in response to my fulfilling my responsibilities to ensure a safe learning environment at WMS and requesting that the Superintendent and Central Office take action on a longstanding and serious personnel situation at Williamsburg. That situation involved an individual with a well-documented, multiple year record of non-performance and who was extremely disruptive to the educational environment of the school.
Dr. Murphy refused to act and made it clear that he was concerned about the “perceptions” around such actions and, therefore, did not want difficult personnel matters brought to the Central Office. Following his directive, I fully utilized the limited school-based tools at my disposal, but the situation worsened. When the individual's behavior became more disruptive, I again requested that Dr. Murphy take action consistent with APS policies.
The Superintendent refused to exercise his responsibilities and expressed displeasure at me for bringing it to his attention. Nonetheless, when the situation became a potential safety concern, in the interests of the students and staff, I was obliged to persist in requesting Central Office action. After many months, I finally prevailed and forced action.
Although there was overwhelming documentation for removal, the individual was transferred to another school.
In my mind, this resolution should have been the end of the matter. However, as a direct result of my requesting Central Office action on this personnel matter, Superintendent Murphy's attitude toward me and the WMS leadership team changed dramatically. He became adversarial and initiated steps designed to discredit the academic achievements at WMS, my professional performance and reputation, and force my removal from my position. Some of these actions constitute impermissible discrimination.
One act came in the form of an Unsatisfactory performance appraisal for the 2009-2010 school year despite my meeting all of the APS performance criteria. Prior to this incident, I had received Satisfactory performance evaluations from a range of supervisors and Superintendents for the entire three decades of my service to APS as a teacher and administrator.
Nonetheless, in August, Dr. Murphy informed me that that the educational progress at WMS had suddenly become unacceptable and that my leadership of the school was unsatisfactory. In pertinent part, Dr. Murphy's evaluation states that, Ms. Francis' leadership has “not moved the school and the students to an overall higher level of performance.”
I know we aren't perfect at WMS, but I think we do darn well and are always striving for improvement. I know we aren't “unsatisfactory.” Therefore, this allegation mischaracterizes the hard-earned performance of WMS students, insults the exceptional efforts of the WMS teachers and staff, and discounts the superior support of the WMS parents and community.
I strongly objected to Dr. Murphy's description of WMS performance and provided him with extensive evidence of superior student accomplishments; how all the requirements in my performance standards had been achieved; and, the documented success of WMS on the Standards of Learning tests. In fact, during the 2009-2010 school year, WMS' achievements on the SOL tests were exceptional, and our initiatives produced the best improvement in student subpopulation performance and surpassed Dr. Murphy's expectations of 4-year growth in only one year. Although he was unable to contradict the factual evidence, he said the Unsatisfactory performance appraisal would stand. I was advised that it would be best to just go along with his plans. He discussed his belief that the most important characteristic in his staff was personal loyalty to him and agreement with his desires, and that I had failed that standard in pushing for resolution of the personnel matter.
An Unsatisfactory rating is a precursor to a dismissal action. More broadly, I'm aware that such an attitude toward WMS by the Superintendent can adversely impact employee morale and school performance. Therefore, I formally requested reconsideration.
As part of that request, I pointed out that schools with lower performance against the APS rating criteria had not been similarly adversely evaluated. Dr. Murphy responded that didn't matter because he wasn't bound by the written criteria and could use any basis he wanted for the rating. He dismissed my claim that ignoring the evidence constituted discrimination and made it clear that he was not interested in compromise, arbitration or re-establishing a collaborative working relationship. I told Dr. Murphy that to protect my professional reputation (and the reputation of the WMS staff and community) and future employment prospects, I was obligated to seek redress.
However, I learned that, in violation of basic due process, School Board Policies allow no appeal to a neutral party for principals from such an unfair evaluation. This allows the Superintendent to utilize the performance appraisal process for professional bullying of subordinates while cloaked in anonymity.
Disappointed, I nonetheless focused my energy and attention on the responsibilities of running the largest middle school in Arlington County and complying with every request from the Superintendent. However, Dr. Murphy and Dr. Hobbs have made it clear to me they want me to retire despite my commitment to WMS and my plans to work longer to complete the excellent initiatives we have launched.
Since September, I have been subjected to further baseless and demanding actions. These include requirements for excessive reporting and innumerable meetings to monitor my performance; violations of APS confidentiality policy by revealing personnel information to unauthorized parties; and discriminatory discussions of my hoped for premature retirement. The latter even included an announcement at a meeting of all APS leadership staff that Dr Hobbs and I had been discussing my retirement. Since I had previously informed both Dr. Murphy and Dr. Hobbs that I had no plans for retirement, this was an attempt to undermine my leadership effectiveness by making me appear to be a lame duck to my peers.
The continuing misconduct reached such a level that I was forced to file formal age and gender discrimination complaints with the Federal Equal Employment Opportunity Council and the Arlington School Board. In apparent retaliation for my filing these actions, the Superintendent confirmed his threat to place me on a formal Performance Improvement Plan. This would impose enormous additional micro-management of school activities and endless information generation on top of an already demanding work load.
I am confident that if I pursued these claims through the APS and federal procedural and litigation processes, I would prevail based on the facts. Yet, this could take years. I am willing to invest the effort in seeking justice and modeling persistence in defense of my personal reputation. However, my professional responsibilities to put the WMS students first will not allow me to let this unnecessary and corrosive situation to drag on indefinitely.
Beyond the personal stress, it is a major distraction from our core educational purpose to have to constantly defend WMS to a Superintendent who should be aware of its outstanding achievements and educational environment. We have exciting initiatives at WMS that I hate to abandon. But, it is ultimately unproductive for the school to have a principal the Superintendent does not want and will not support.
I appreciate the support I have received during this difficult time from my colleagues. On their behalf, I must note that my situation with the new Superintendent is not an isolated incident. It is merely representative of a larger problem in the Arlington Public Schools.
In conversations with my school-based and Central Office colleagues, it is clear there is a widespread concern in Dr. Murphy's leadership. In his short tenure, he has created an environment of distrust between himself and many of the leadership staff. Rather than building a spirit of teamwork in pursuit of further educational excellence, he has created a divisive and blame-seeking environment. Some of these outstanding educators are dispirited; others are angry; some have been cowed into silence. Unfortunately, a number of individuals are considering premature retirement or are seeking employment opportunities outside the system. Some have already departed because they didn't wish to work in an environment where they are neither valued nor supported.
This is not a case of legitimate professional disagreements on APS direction, means and priorities. While it is hoped that a Superintendent would sincerely seek the input and experience of the leaders on important educational matters, it is the prerogative of the School Board's appointee to set his own course and for the career staff to try and implement it. Rather, this unfortunate situation is the result of his treatment of those who work for him and disrespect for the opinions of others. It reflects his belief that any disagreement with his ideas is not acceptable professional discourse, but rather personal disloyalty. I have not seen a comparably hostile atmosphere in my three decades of service to Arlington Public Schools. It is contrary to the professional and collaborative approach that has made APS one of the top school systems in the country. I am not alone in this opinion.
In conclusion, I wish to thank you for your personal support during my tenure at WMS. It is gratifying and appreciated. More importantly, thank you for your contributions to the Williamsburg educational community. Our students have benefitted enormously. I will miss you all. You have my best wishes and will be in my prayers.
Here is the response from Arlington Public Schools:
Arlington Public Schools Statement re: The Resignation of the Williamsburg Middle School Principal:
We were saddened to hear that Ms. Francis has chosen to resign her position as principal at Williamsburg Middle School in the middle of the school year.
Her letter suggests that she is very angry, but we feel that it is unfortunate she has chosen to express her opinion by publicly attacking the professionalism of others.
It has always been the practice of the Arlington Public Schools to not discuss Personnel issues.
While it is regrettable that Ms. Francis has decided to air her opinions in this manner, APS will continue to respond with a higher level of professionalism and cannot discuss Ms Francis's actions now or in the future. However, we deny that there has been any discrimination, and we are exercising our authority to take steps to provide the best educational learning environment for students.
At this time, our primary focus is to take appropriate and immediate steps to put a highly-qualified team of administrative leaders in place at Williamsburg to ensure that we provide the best instructional support and leadership for the school, our students, family and staff.
As this process evolves, we will keep the Williamsburg community informed about our deliberations and decisions.
Sen. Rob Portman's plan eked out a narrow victory in budget votes Saturday. Conservatives score tax victory
Here's one Republican victory that went virtually unnoticed in the slew of budget votes last week: The Senate told the Congressional Budget Office it should give more credit to the economic power of tax cuts.
It won't have the force of law, but it was a big symbolic win for conservatives — because it gave them badly needed moral support in an ongoing war to get Washington's establishment number crunchers to take their economic ideas more seriously.
Story Continued Below
The amendment endorsed a model called “dynamic scoring,” which assumes that tax cuts will pay for at least part of their cost by generating more economic activity. The measure by Sen. Rob Portman (R-Ohio) called on CBO and the Joint Committee on Taxation to include “macroeconomic feedback scoring” in all future estimates of tax legislation.
( PHOTOS: Rob Portman's career)
The amendment originally failed in committee on a party-line vote, but Portman eked out a narrow 51-48 victory in the final series of budget votes that started around 3 a.m. on Saturday.
He won the support of six Democrats: Mark Begich of Alaska, Kay Hagan of North Carolina, Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, Tim Kaine of Virginia, Joe Manchin of West Virginia, and Claire McCaskill of Missouri.
It's not the kind of message amendment you see all the time.
Senators love to use budget resolutions as fodder for amendments that can be easily turned into 30-second attack ads. So what did Republicans hope to gain by forcing a vote on dynamic scoring?
In this case, the vote appears to have been aimed at an audience inside the Beltway — and at the conservative groups that support Republicans' biggest economic ideas, from tax cuts to health care.
The vote was a symbolic victory for the think tanks and lawmakers on the right who have been fighting for years to force CBO and JCT to officially endorse the idea that people spend more and invest more when they owe the government less.
( Also on POLITICO: Buzzkill? Cash-strapped states eye pot tax)
But there's a larger battle that goes beyond dynamic scoring.
Conservatives' ideas, including revenue-generating tax cuts and a more market-oriented health care system, can only work if tax policy changes people's behavior — and that's just not how CBO views the world.
And with the first Senate budget resolution in four years, conservatives had a unique chance to put dynamic scoring back on Washington's radar screen by showing how many lawmakers support it — including a handful of Democrats.
“This is something that remains important to us,” said James Valvo, policy director at Americans for Prosperity, which is aligned with the tea party.
Dynamic scoring has been a kind of pet issue for Portman, a former White House budget director. He has pushed the idea in nearly every fiscal and budget debate since joining the Senate in 2011, but never gained much traction until the budget resolution hit the floor last week.
“Virtually all economists agree that tax policy affects economic growth, which in turn affects the revenue impact of tax legislation, but the Senate currently deprives itself of information on the macroeconomic revenue impact of its tax policies,” Portman told POLITICO in an email. “Requiring that CBO release dynamic scores of tax legislation for information purposes can help lawmakers better judge the possible budget impact of tax legislation.”
Entertainment news source Variety reported on Tuesday that Dreamworks and Paramount's live-action Ghost in the Shell film project has cast Danish actor Pilou Asbæk in the role of Batou, "the best fighter in [Section 9] and second in command." He joins lead actress Scarlett Johansson ( The Avengers , Lucy , Lost in Translation ) in the film's cast.
Asbæk previously performed alongside Johansson in the 2014 film Lucy , and will star in Timur Bekmambetov's upcoming Ben-Hur remake as Pontius Pilate. He will join the cast of the sixth season of the Game of Thrones television series. United International Pictures' Danish arm highlighted Asbæk's scenes with Johansson in Lucy :
Variety also described the live-action Ghost in the Shell film's story:
Ghost in the Shell follows a female special op cyborg who leads an elite task force called Section 9 for Hanka Robotics. Section 9 is devoted to stopping the most dangerous criminals and extremists, led by The Laughing Man whose singular goal is to wipe out Hanka's advancements in cyber technology.
Rupert Sanders ( Snow White and the Huntsman ) has signed on to direct the film. Jonathan Herman ( Straight Outta Compton ) is reworking the earlier drafts of the script written by William Wheeler ( Hoax, The Reluctant Fundamentalist ) and Jamie Moss ( Street Kings ). Deadline reported earlier this year that Johansson was offered US$10 million for the lead role.
Dreamworks and Paramount are co-financing and co-producing the film. Paramount will handle the international release of the film and Dreamworks will handle the release per its original deal with Disney.
The film is set to open on March 31, 2017. Filming will begin in Wellington, New Zealand in January 2016.
Disney initially scheduled its release of the live-action film for April 14, 2017, but announced its plans to push forward the release in April. Disney's Touchstone Pictures banner has been distributing Dreamworks films since 2009.
The anime studio Production I.G pitched the rights for Masamune Shirow's original cyber-police manga on behalf of the manga's publisher Kodansha in 2007, and DreamWorks acquired the live-action film rights in 2008. Avi Arad (formerly of Marvel Studios as well as of the Spider-Man and X-Men movie franchises), Seaside Entertainment's Steven Paul, and Mark Sourian ( The Ring Two ) are producing.
The American arm of Kodansha began reprinting the manga in 2009, after Dark Horse Comics had the license. Kodansha also launched two new manga series based on director Kenji Kamiyama's Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex television anime series that year. In addition to Mamoru Oshii's two anime films and Kamiyama's two Stand Alone Complex television series and spinoff feature, Shirow's manga also inspired the recent Ghost in the Shell Arise prequel anime with its own tie-in feature film release and television broadcast. (Dreamworks distributed Oshii's second film in North America.)
[Via /Film]
CLOSE A special education teacher who said he granted his autistic student's request for a hug and a kiss on the cheek is protesting his removal from school. The student's own mother is the teacher's biggest supporter. VPC
Leo Bennett-Cauchon, a special ed teacher in Manteca, Calif., protests his removal from the school. (Photo11: Tim Daly, KXTV-Sacramento)
A special education teacher for 16 years is protesting the move by Manteca, Calif. school officials to put him on paid leave, barred from being near children.
Leo Bennett-Cauchon said he was just doing what was best for a severely autistic 8-year old when he made contact with the child in early February.
"I've been trained, if a student asks for a hug, you give a hug. I admit completely that I hugged him and let him sit in my lap when he said 'sit.' I picked him up when he said 'up.' This is a child that needs that physical contact," Bennett-Cauchon said.
He's been holding a sign outside the school district office that says "Let me teach. Bring back joy."
Clark Burke, a representative for the school district, says it's making sure it follows through with both its legal and moral obligations to protect students.
Police in this Northern California town said Tuesday they're investigating the possibility there were "repeated acts of inappropriate behavior" and "there could be multiple victims."
The mother of the 8-year-old boy said she supports how the teacher dealt with her son, but Bennett-Cauchon will be off the job while the incident is investigated by police and the school district. The police investigation is expected to last up to four weeks.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1Enie0U
eBay/wasim_london Facing increasing pressure from the taxi industry, authorities in New York have begun to crack down on Uber — issuing tickets and seizing cars of Uber drivers who participate in illegal pickups in the city.
Between April 29 and June 15, the New York Post reports that NYC authorities seized 496 cars from Uber drivers taking illegal street hails, mostly at the three airports in the region.
Uber spokesman Matt Wing said that "street hails are not permitted on the Uber platform — period. This is a small group of bad actors and the violations add up to less than one hundredth of one percent of our rides over the same time period."
Airports are the last domestic frontier for Uber, and even in cities where the service is well-ingrained, it faces constant scrutiny. The seizures of Uber cars were part of a larger operation that confiscated a total of 938 for-hire vehicles operating illegally, according to Taxi and Limousine Commission spokesman Allan Fromberg.
"Our officers noted an uptick in illegal activity attributable to licensed for-hire vehicles acting outside their authority," Fromberg told the Post. "And seizures have a greater deterrent value than summonses alone."
These small setbacks just don't seem to add up for the five-year-old ride sharing company. The New York Times Magazine reported that the company is reimbursing its drivers who incur fines and tickets in Paris. And in China, it relies on huge driver subsidies to ensure customers are only billed at cost.
Uber will soon face a major test in New York. Mayor Bill de Blasio will appear in court on June 22 to face allegations from four of the city's largest taxi financiers that the city should not have permitted any passenger pick-ups through an app. They allege that an "e-hail" is synonymous with a traditional street hail, the exclusive domain of yellow cabs.
Learn How To Boost Your Confidence Today!
Why is Confidence such an important matter? Don't you think intelligence, capability, and competence are more important to succeed in life? Imagine what you could achieve if you were more intelligent or more capable?
Maybe you could have risen to great heights in your career if only…
Maybe you would have had a great love life if only...
Maybe you would have had better relationships if only...
Maybe you could have done a lot more in your life. But where does this feeling of ‘if only' come from?
Here Is A Preview Of What You Will Learn:
Psychological aspects in building confidence
Factors affecting confidence
Practical tips on confidence building
Physical aspects for building confidence
Spirituality and confidence building
It's clear that your success depends on how you feel about yourself and your ability than any other factor.
The question which now remains to be answered is this: how do you build your Confidence? Use this book as a step-by-step guide to gain Confidence in yourself. By the time you finish this book, you will be ready to take on the world!
The Bearded Woman by Jusepe de Ribera is truly one of the strangest paintings you're bound to see and therefore it is a perfect WTF art historical object! The woman you see below is indeed a portrait of an known individual — named Magdalena Ventura — who at the age of 37 began to grow a beard (she was 52 when the portrait was painted and appears holding an infant as if she had just given birth, which is not likely). Anyone who views the portrait will notice a prominent inscription in the lower right hand corner that proclaims Magdalena a “great miracle of nature,” which in the context of 17th century courtly collecting circles was a euphemism for “she's a freak!" So gawk and stare, and even laugh a little, but let's try to look beyond the oddity to discover the qualities that make Ribera a genius in paint.
Jusepe de Ribera, La Mujer Barbuda (The Bearded Woman), 1631, oil on canvas. Hospital de Tavera, Toledo, Spain
Since Ribera included an inscription in the painting, it's obvious that he intended viewers to read it. So here it is in translation:
Look, a great miracle of nature. Magdalena Ventura from the town of Accumulus in Samnium, in the vulgar tongue Abruzzo in the Kingdom of Naples, aged 52 and what is unusual is when she was in her 37th year she began to go through puberty and thus a full growth of beard appeared such that it seems rather that of a bearded gentleman than a woman who had previously lost three sons whom she had borne to her husband, Felici de Amici, whom you see next to her. Joseph de Ribera, a Spaniard, marked by the cross of Christ, a second Apelles of his own time, by order of Duke Ferdinand II of Alcalá, Viceroy at Naples, depicted in a marvellously lifelike way. 17th February 1631.
We've just learned so much about Magdalena! She's pictured with her husband (Felici de Amici), three of her sons have already died, and we got the bit about the beard. We also know that Duke Ferdinand II of Alcalá, Viceroy at Naples, commissioned the portrait. Furthermore, we discern that Ribera is quite full of himself, writing as he did that he is "a second Apelles of his own time." Wow, that's a tall order! Apelles was a famed painter in Ancient Greece, renowned for having produced a portrait of Alexander the Great! Let's take a closer look at Magdalena.
Is it just me or is her breast too centered on her chest?!? As if that is the strangest part of this painting! For a full discussion of the gender-bending medical diagnosis, you must read the article by W Michael G Turnbridge here. It's probably obvious to most viewers that Magdalena suffered from an overload of testosterone, but less obvious is that she may have experienced an androblastoma, which Turnbridge explains is "a benign androgen producing tumour of the ovary” (again, read his article for the full medical analysis). Thanks to such an analysis, one understands that Magdalena was born prone to said condition. Thus, unlike the proclivity of viewers in the 17th century to mock such a person, we today hopefully demonstrate greater respect toward all people. At least that is my hope.
To emphasize her femininity, Ribera included two symbols of womanhood atop the stone tablet with the inscription: a spindle and a shell. And we must not forget her husband, who stands lovingly, if with a look of exhaustion, in the background.
Finally, one of the most touching and human aspects of the portrait is the way in which Ribera painted Magdalena's eye. Enjoy!
Umbraco supports allowing you to setup and configure any IoC container type that you want to use in your application. For a while now there's been some sparse documentation on how to achieve this which you can find here: https://our.umbraco.org/Documentation/reference/using-ioc. As the Umbraco core codebase evolves, sometimes a new non-parameterless constructor is added to a class and sometimes this can confuse an existing container that you've setup. For many folks, fixing these errors after upgrading is a trial and error experience until they track down the dependency that is now missing from their container and finally add it.
Simone, a very helpful Umbracian, made a comment on the issue tracker and it's something that is just so obvious (http://issues.umbraco.org/issue/U4-9562#comment=67-41855):
I think the point here is: as user of a framework, I shouldn't need to wire up dependencies for internals of the framework myself. I should only bother about my own dependencies.
Maybe Umbraco should ship a small extension method for each of the main IoC container out there which wires up all the internals.
Or come with a IoC container out of the box and then everyone uses umbraco have to use that one.
Yes of course this should be done!
A new community project: Our.Umbraco.IoC
I decided to get the ball rolling with this one and have setup a new Git repo here: https://github.com/Shazwazza/Our.Umbraco.IoC
Currently there are 2 different container configurations committed and working for Autofac and LightInject.
I've added some notes to the readme on how to contribute and get started so I'm hoping that some folks can create some Pull Requests to add support for more containers. The project is very easy to navigate, it's got a build script and nuget packages setup.
Give it a go!
I've published some beta's to Nuget:
Install-Package Our.Umbraco.IoC.Autofac
Install-Package Our.Umbraco.IoC.LightInject
You can actually install both and test each one independently by disabling them by an appSetting:
<add key="Our.Umbraco.IoC.Autofac.Enabled" value="false" />
Or
<add key="Our.Umbraco.IoC.LightInject.Enabled" value="false" />
If this config key doesn't exist, it will assume the value is “true”
Using the container
Once you've got your desired package installed, it will be active in your solution (unless you disable it via config). At this stage you'll want to add your own bits to the container, so here's how you do that:
Create a custom Umbraco ApplicationEventHandler
Override ApplicationInitialized – we do this in this phase to bind to the container event before the container is built which occurs in the ApplicationStarted phase
Bind to the container event
add any custom services you want to the container
Here's a full working example showing various techniques and includes the syntax for both LightInject and Autofac. In this example we're registering a IServerInfoService as a request scoped object since it requires an HttpRequestBase. NOTE: That the basic web objects are already registered in the containers (such as HttpContextBase, HttpRequestBase, etc…)
public class MyUmbracoStartup : ApplicationEventHandler { protected override void ApplicationInitialized(UmbracoApplicationBase umbracoApplication, ApplicationContext applicationContext) { //If you are using Autofac: AutofacStartup.ContainerBuilding += (sender, args) => { //add our own services args.Builder.RegisterControllers(typeof(TestController).Assembly); args.Builder.RegisterType ().As ().InstancePerRequest(); }; //If you are using LightInject: LightInjectStartup.ContainerBuilding += (sender, args) => { //add our own services args.Container.RegisterControllers(typeof(TestController).Assembly); args.Container.Register (new PerRequestLifeTime()); }; } } //service public interface IServerInfoService { string GetValue(); } //implementation of the service public class ServerInfoService : IServerInfoService { private readonly HttpRequestBase _umbCtx; //requires a request based object so this must be scoped to a request public ServerInfoService(HttpRequestBase umbCtx) { _umbCtx = umbCtx; } public string GetValue() { var sb = new StringBuilder(); sb.AppendLine("Server info!").AppendLine(); foreach (var key in _umbCtx.ServerVariables.AllKeys) { sb.AppendLine($"{key} = {_umbCtx.ServerVariables[key]}"); } return sb.ToString(); } } public class TestController : SurfaceController { private readonly IServerInfoService _serverInfoService; public TestController(IServerInfoService serverInfoService, UmbracoContext umbCtx): base(umbCtx) { _serverInfoService = serverInfoService; } //see /umbraco/surface/test/index to see the result public ActionResult Index() { return Content(_serverInfoService.GetValue(), "text/plain"); } }
Happy holidays!
Attention, soldiers! After a uniquely challenging development period, Arma 3 is set to begin public alpha manoeuvres next week. From the 5th March, pre-orders for the military sim will go live on Steam, offering instant access to anyone who purchases either the Alpha or Digital Deluxe editions of the game.
The alpha trial will include four missions ("Infantry, Vehicles, SCUBA and Helicopter"), a limited selection of weapons and vehicles, two multiplayer scenarios, the scenario editor and modding support. All this will take place on the 20 km² island of Stratis, the smaller brother of the full game's 270 km² Atlis.
"The Arma 3 Alpha is a big milestone in the project's development," writes co-creative director Jay Crowe. "Testing early and often puts us on the right track towards improving performance, stability and delivering on our goal of creating a robust final release. It's also a big opportunity to get the game in the hands of our passionate community, which enables them to start work on their own creations, tailored to the fourth generation of the Real Virtuality engine."
A free, limited version of the alpha, titled Arma 3 Alpha Lite, will also be available a week after the purchase edition, from March 14th. The lite version lacks both multiplayer and modding support. A full list of purchasing options and their benefits is available from this handy comparison chart .
Arma 3 Alpha edition will cost €24.99/£19.99/$32.99.
Should I Wash Fresh Fruit in Vinegar?
Should you wash fresh fruit in vinegar? Does vinegar remove bacteria from fruits and vegetables? A Facebook post says a good way to clean fruit is to fill a sink with water, add 1 cup of vinegar and stir. The post advises soaking the fruit for 10 minutes and it will sparkle with no wax or white, dirty film. It also claims this will also make produce last longer.
We've received many questions about this at Best Food Facts, so we went to the experts. Dr. Floyd Woods and Dr. Joe Kemble, who are both horticulture professors at Auburn University, answered our questions about washing produce in vinegar.
What we learned: Yes, it is safe to soak fruits and vegetables in vinegar. Using a solution that's three parts water and one part vinegar will be most effective at removing bacteria. If soaking fruit in the sink, be sure to clean the sink first and make sure you're using enough vinegar to meet the three-to-one ratio. Using vinegar, however, is not necessary because simply washing fruits and vegetables with clean water will remove 98 percent of bacteria. Also, a vinegar soak will not extend the shelf life of fruits and vegetables.
Is it safe to use vinegar or acetic acid to clean produce?
Dr. Woods and Dr. Kemble: “Vinegar or acetic acid is safe to use as a home remedy to clean, sanitize or surface sterilize a variety of fresh fruits and vegetables. However, the extent and effectiveness of sanitation by using vinegar will depend on the nature of the suspected disease-causing agents. In other words, fungi and bacteria can be effectively removed from these fresh products by using vinegar, but the effectiveness of the vinegar depends on which bacterium and/or fungus is on (or suspected to be on) the fruit or vegetable, the concentration of the vinegar, the temperature of the water and the amount of time the produce is exposed to the vinegar.”
How much vinegar should be used?
Dr. Woods and Dr. Kemble: “Research has shown that a ratio of three parts water to one part vinegar is most effective. From the photo on Facebook, one cup of vinegar in a sink would not have been enough vinegar to make a difference. Don't forget to clean your sink before you soak and clean any of your produce. A soak of five to 10 minutes should be sufficient. Try to get the water temperature as close to that of the fruit or vegetable that you wish to clean. When you have a variety of fruits and vegetables, it might be best to wash these separately.”
Is household vinegar effective to remove bacteria?
Dr. Woods and Dr. Kemble: “The concentration of vinegar that you purchase at the store is lower than most of the commercial formulations designed to sanitize or surface sterilize fresh fruits and vegetables. If you are in doubt as to what to do, your best course of action is to use one of the commercial preparations such as Tsunami (peroxyacetic acid-based sanitizer). Tsunami contains a cousin to acetic acid called peroxyacetic acid and has been used effectively for many years to control post-harvest microorganisms. Since you are not likely to know which microorganisms are on your produce, your safest course of action is to treat for the worst-case scenario (which most commercial products do).”
Is it okay to use plain water to clean produce?
Dr. Woods and Dr. Kemble: “When it comes down to making an informed choice as to what you should use to clean off fruits and vegetables, research has shown that using just plain old water can remove 98 percent of the bacteria when it is used to rinse and soak produce. Simply washing produce will remove any bacteria or other residues on your produce.”
“Before using any agent to clean, sanitize, or surface sterilize any fruits or vegetables, it is important to remove any soil or debris that might be on the produce. Any organic matter or soil present in the solution will decrease the efficacy of the active ingredient – acetic acid or peroxyacetic acid from the examples above.”
Will washing produce such as fresh fruit in vinegar make it last longer?
Dr. Woods and Dr. Kemble: As to the extent that vinegar or another similar treatment will prolong post-harvest life of various fruits and vegetables, it depends on the specific fruit or vegetable. Each fruit and vegetable has its own shelf-life, which can differ from a few days after it is harvested to one or two weeks. It can be months for many winter squashes, Irish potatoes, pears, apples and root crops. It depends on how the produce is treated after it is harvested. If this is produce that you purchased from a supermarket or farmers market, you might not be able to do much to extend its shelf-life unless you know when it was picked and how it has been stored”
For more information on ideal storage conditions and methods of cooling your home-grown produce, check out University of Nebraska-Lincoln Extension.
What about storing and cooling produce from your own garden?
Dr. Woods and Dr. Kemble: “If you cool the produce from your garden correctly, then you will extend its shelf-life. For example, if you are going to cool and sanitize your tomatoes you will need to do more than simply run the fruit under cold tap water. In fact, that is the worst thing you can do. You will need to dip or soak your tomatoes in water that is the temperature of the tomatoes that you just picked. So, if it is 85°F outside, the internal temperature of your fruit will be about 85°F. When preparing your cleaning solution, the water must be at the same temperature as the tomato. We realize that this seems odd, but if the water is cooler than the fruit the drastic change in temperature will cause the tomato to actually draw in or suck in through its pores water that surrounds it. It is a great way to get microorganisms into your fruit that will ultimately cause a fruit rot. After you clean and sanitize your fruit, place them in a cool area somewhere around 55°F. With tomatoes, never place them in your refrigerator. It is too cold in there! Most refrigerators are set around 35°F to 45°F, which is too cold to store tomatoes and many other vegetables such as summer squash, bell peppers and eggplants.”
So how should you store fruits and vegetables?
Dr. Woods and Dr. Kemble: “Most fruits (oranges, lemons, etc.) and vegetables (tomatoes, peppers, eggplants, cucumbers, watermelons, etc.) of tropical and subtropical origin may be damaged by cool temperatures and develop a condition called chilling injury. Chilling injury results from prolonged exposure to low but not freezing temperatures. Symptoms of chilling injury include dark circular pits on the surface, shriveling, internal darkening, loss of the ability to ripen and the development of off-flavor and poor texture. Proper storage will help achieve a maximum post-harvest life.”
“In the case of strawberries, blueberries and other berries, generally any wetting or direct contact with water is detrimental and will shorten their shelf-life. You should never place any of these into your sink to soak them. Before you store them, be sure that they are clean but do not wash them until you are ready to use them. Strawberries, blackberries, blueberries and raspberries are natives of temperate climate and can be stored in your refrigerator. In fact, they should be stored as close to 32°F as possible to maintain their shelf-life. When stored properly, strawberries have a shelf-life of a week, blueberries can last up to two weeks and blackberries and raspberries will last two to four days.”
Washing fruit and vegetables in vinegar is a good way to remove potential bacteria. Use a solution of three parts water and one part vinegar. Plain water is also effective at removing most bacteria. Vinegar will not make produce last longer. Chill or store at proper temperature to help fruit last as long as possible.
Originally published July 17, 2013.
“ floating apples ” by frankieleon is licensed under CC BY SA .
About The Experts Joe Kemble, PhD Horticulture
Polk County Sheriff says major drug bust illustrates need for 'a wall' Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved Video
POLK COUNTY, Fla. (WFLA) - The Polk County Sheriff's Office announced a major drug bust Thursday.
"Operation Numero Dos" is part of a two-month investigation involving Polk County Sheriff's Office undercover detectives, the Central Florida High Intensity Drug Trafficking (HIDTA) Task Force, the Florida Highway Patrol, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, Tampa Office, U.S. Border Patrol and the State Attorney's Office of the 10th Judicial Circuit.
Six suspects are facing charges, after investigators tell News Channel Eight they seized 6.7 pounds of Methamphetamine ICE, approximately $39,000 in US currency and five firearms.
"Don't be fooled by those who would have you believe drug traffickers are somehow minor, non-violent' offenders. The drug trafficker in this case, Ignacio Munoz-Delgado, was armed to the teeth, including two AR-15s, a shotgun, and two rifles. He was also arrested for armed Cocaine trafficking in 2009. He was in the country illegally then. He served a short sentence in prison and was deported to Mexico in 2010. Guess what: he came back again. Now he's dealing in Methamphetamine. Lots of it. We know Meth is one of the most destructive illegal drugs on the streets in central Florida," Sheriff Grady Judd.
Sheriff Grady Judd called out President Barack Obama for commuting sentences for drug offenders.
"Munoz is exactly the kind of guy, the poster child, of a drug dealer with firearms charges, that the current administration is commuting sentences for or out-right pardoning," he said.
"Of the 1,176 commutations during the Obama administration, 211 included firearms charges. Munoz was in the country illegally. He was released from prison, deported, and he's right back at it again, trafficking in Methamphetamine, a drug that is so devastating to our community. Munoz is exactly the kind of guy a convicted criminal drug trafficking illegal alien that the next president wants to deport to his country of origin after he serves his prison term." Sheriff Grady Judd said, referring to President-elect Donald Trump and his proposal to build a wall as a border between the United States and Mexico.
"President Trump, when this guy gets out, he needs to be on your bus, or plane, or train, or whatever it is," Sheriff Judd said. "Get him out of this country."
The following were arrested here in Polk County:
43-year-old Ignacio Munoz-Delgado, 4 Garcia Lane, Frostproof – head of the Polk County organization; charged with Trafficking in Methamphetamine over 200 grams (F1), Possession of Drug Paraphernalia (M1), two counts of Maintaining a Structure for drug trafficking (F2), Conspiracy to traffic in Meth over 200 grams (F1), unlawful use of a two- way communication device (F3), maintaining a residence for drug trafficking (F3), possession of stolen firearms (F3). (Munoz-Delgado was arrested in April 2009 charged with Armed Trafficking in Cocaine and Conspiracy to Traffic Cocaine under an unrelated 2009 PCSO case. After receiving a plea deal and serving approximately one year in prison, Munoz-Delgado was released in October 2010, and deported to Mexico.)
30-year-old Willis Bullard IV, 304 Thomas St, Frostproof – charged with Conspiracy to Traffic Methamphetamine 200 or more (F1), and Unlawful use of 2-way and Communications Device (F3).
Four suspects were arrested in Texas:
24-year-old Ana Maria Flores Morales, Hudspeth Avenue, Dallas, Texas – charged with Conspiracy to traffic in Meth over 200 grams, and unlawful use of a two-way communication device
25-year-old Jose Antonio Ledesma Rosa, Hudspeth Avenue, Dallas, Texas – charged with Conspiracy to traffic in Meth over 200 grams, and unlawful use of a two-way communication device
41-year-old Federico Antonio Medellin, East Corporate Drive, Lewisville, Texas – charged with Conspiracy to traffic in Meth over 200 grams, and unlawful use of a two-way communication device
39-year-old Ronald Castro, South Carrier Parkway, Grand Prairie, Texas – charged with to traffic in Meth over 200 grams, and unlawful use of a two-way communication device There are two suspects at large with outstanding warrants.
Deputies are looking for: 55-year-old Tamara Smith, Chuck Wagon Way, Lake Wales – wanted for Conspiracy to traffic in Meth over 200 grams, unlawful use of a two-way communication device, and maintaining a residence for drug trafficking.
36-year-old Kevin Brown, Luke Street, Frostproof – wanted for Conspiracy to traffic in Meth over 200 grams, and unlawful use of a two-way communication device
http://wx.wfla.com/oembed/app_promo/app_dl.html
Is America Number 1 in the world?
Most Americans—including me—like to think of our country as the best in the world.
But are we still on top?
What are the facts?
In a brave new book, The Measure of a Nation , Howard Steven Friedman answers this question. Friedman is a leading statistician and health economist for the United Nations. He compares the U.S. with other wealthy, large nations in five areas: health, equality, safety, education, and democracy. Each day this week, we'll discuss his key findings in each area, starting with health today.
And now the reader's warning: We don't fare very well in this comparison. And it's hard to argue with Friedman's facts. He uses highly reputable and transparent data to compare the US with Australia, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Japan, Portugal, Netherlands, South Korea, Spain, and the United Kingdom. The results of this comparison are grim.
OUR HEALTH RANKINGS:
Americans have the lowest life expectancy overall.
American women have the lowest life expectancy.
American men have the lowest life expectancy.
America has the highest rate of infant mortality.
America has the highest rate of maternal mortality (mother's death in childbirth or soon after).
America has the lowest rate of return on health expenditures, meaning that we spend more than other nations and have the lowest life expectancy.
What do you make of these health statistics?
Are you surprised to read this report on health?
Do you think the healthcare reforms will improve our ranking?
Please, leave a Comment below.
Originally published at www.OurValues.org, an experiment in civil dialogue about American values.
Merging, on paper, the affluent midtown neighborhood and the struggling one uptown placed Hudson Yards in a community with an overall high unemployment rate, positioning developer Related Cos. to gain low-cost financing from foreigners seeking green cards.
The program through which that happens, known as EB-5, enables foreign nationals to obtain U.S. permanent-resident status by putting up money for new business ventures that create American jobs. It gives ventures in high-unemployment and rural areas a special status to encourage investment. But as the program's popularity has soared in recent years, the bulk of immigrant investment is going to projects that are located, like $20 billion Hudson Yards, in prosperous urban neighborhoods.
At least 80% of EB-5 money is going to projects that wouldn't qualify as being in Targeted Employment Areas without “some form of gerrymandering,” estimates Michael Gibson, managing director of USAdvisors.org, which evaluates projects for foreign investors.
Increasingly, the money appears to be flowing to the flashiest projects, which the investors often see as safest, EB-5 professionals say. Among those getting EB-5 money are an office building set to host Facebook Inc. near Amazon.com Inc.'s Seattle headquarters, a boutique hotel in high-end Miami Beach, and a slim Four Seasons condo-hotel in lower Manhattan that sports a penthouse with an asking price above $60 million. In all of them, geographic districts were crafted to include higher-unemployment areas.
– From the Wall Street Journal article: How a U.S. Visa-for-Cash Plan Funds Luxury Apartment Buildings
Another day, another story highlighting just how completely corrupt and sleazy the U.S. economy has become.
I've covered the issue of EB-5 visas before, and how a program that was initially supposed to help high unemployment neighborhoods attract investment, has become another scheme to further enrich America's crony capitalist class.
Before we get into the meat of this post, here are a few excerpts from last year's piece, How NYC's Biggest Real Estate Project in a Generation is Being Financed by Selling Green Cards to the Chinese:
Developer Related Cos. says it has raised roughly $600 million from the families to build the foundation for three skyscrapers at the West Side project, a 17-million-square-foot colossus of office, retail and residential space set to open over the next decade. To finance the concrete-steel platform, Related tapped a little-known and at times controversial federal visa program known as EB-5, which offers green cards to foreign families who invest at least $500,000 in U.S. projects that create at least 10 jobs per investor. At times the program has invited scrutiny. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission last year warned of “fraudulent securities offerings” related to the EB-5 program, in which investors put money into nonexistent projects. The program also has come under fire because it can be difficult for investors overseas to discern safe investments from risky ones, and if the investment fails to create the required jobs, they don't get a green card. In addition, claims of jobs created are difficult to verify and the program administrator has been criticized for not having an effective system for doing so. Developers are embracing the program largely because it provides low-cost capital. Money borrowed through the EB-5 program carries much lower interest rates, sometimes half of what companies typically pay, executives said. That is because investors are primarily seeking green cards, not a profit, and generally are willing to accept low returns, EB-5 advisers said.
While that article explained the recent explosion in EB-5 visa popularity, it failed to highlight the fact that this money was supposed to disproportionately help to struggle areas. In reality, it's all being funneled to luxury construction. Here's how.
Also from the Wall Street Journal:
NEW YORK—The cluster of luxury apartment buildings and office towers rising in a development west of midtown called Hudson Yards seems a world apart from the low-income housing projects of upper Manhattan. But for purposes of an immigration program that helps finance Hudson Yards, it and Harlem's Manhattanville public-housing towers are in the same district: a stringy one connected by three Census tracts that run along the Hudson River. Merging, on paper, the affluent midtown neighborhood and the struggling one uptown placed Hudson Yards in a community with an overall high unemployment rate, positioning developer Related Cos. to gain low-cost financing from foreigners seeking green cards. The program through which that happens, known as EB-5, enables foreign nationals to obtain U.S. permanent-resident status by putting up money for new business ventures that create American jobs. It gives ventures in high-unemployment and rural areas a special status to encourage investment. But as the program's popularity has soared in recent years, the bulk of immigrant investment is going to projects that are located, like $20 billion Hudson Yards, in prosperous urban neighborhoods. A primary concern is that the use of EB-5 financing for high-price condo and office towers sops up the program's capacity and leaves poorer communities out in the cold. No more than 10,000 visas that lead to permanent-resident status can be given out each year under the program. It hit the limit in the fiscal year ended Sept. 30, 2014. Though statistics aren't made public on individual projects, a recent paper by two New York University professors tracked 25 large business startups that have turned to the EB-5 program to raise a total of more than $4.5 billion in financing. Twenty-two were urban real-estate projects, including 14 in prime Manhattan neighborhoods and others in Seattle and on the Las Vegas Strip. Related is the single largest user of EB-5 financing. By its own measure, it accounts for about 20% of the dollars being raised through the program today. The closely held company used the program to raise $600 million for a first phase of Hudson Yards last year and is in the process of raising another $600 million for a new office tower and a retail hub. The coming debate in Congress stands to bring the program its greatest scrutiny since it was created in 1990. Things began to change in 2009, amid two shifts. The agency overseeing the program—the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services unit of the Department of Homeland Security—let the job-creation tally count more construction jobs if they last at least two years. And banks all but shut off credit for construction projects amid the economic slump. Real-estate developers discovered EB-5. Money from foreign investors, primarily Chinese, began to pour into major developments around the U.S., typically supplementing more-senior debt. A hotel and apartment project in Washington raised more than $40 million through the program. A W hotel in Hollywood raised $20 million. A planned 16-tower apartment project connected to Brooklyn's Barclays Center basketball arena took in $229 million. Lenders have since returned to real estate, but developers are attracted by another aspect of EB-5 financing: low cost. Because the foreign investors are after a green card, they have been willing to accept very low interest rates on money they lend, typically for four or five years. Developers save even though they face other costs to use the program. Many of such projects could easily have been financed on the private market, according to Gary Friedland, who wrote the NYU paper with fellow professor Jeanne Calderon. “It's a profit enhancement,” he said. “The original argument was more of a ‘but for' argument,” in which EB-5 was meant to spur projects that wouldn't otherwise have happened. “That focus has been lost.” At least 80% of EB-5 money is going to projects that wouldn't qualify as being in Targeted Employment Areas without “some form of gerrymandering,” estimates Michael Gibson, managing director of USAdvisors.org, which evaluates projects for foreign investors. Increasingly, the money appears to be flowing to the flashiest projects, which the investors often see as safest, EB-5 professionals say. Among those getting EB-5 money are an office building set to host Facebook Inc. near Amazon.com Inc.'s Seattle headquarters, a boutique hotel in high-end Miami Beach, and a slim Four Seasons condo-hotel in lower Manhattan that sports a penthouse with an asking price above $60 million. In all of them, geographic districts were crafted to include higher-unemployment areas. Meanwhile, some wanting to raise money for projects in rural areas and low-income parts of cities say they find it increasingly hard to compete. Evan Daniels has been trying for four years to raise about $40 million through the EB-5 program for a door-manufacturing plant in the rural southwestern Missouri town of Lamar. “The harder we worked on this, the more we found the money was going to L.A. and New York,” he said. In China, one pitch is speed in obtaining green-card approvals from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Related's main broker has advertised that EB-5 investors receive initial approvals 11 months faster than the standard wait. That would mark a big advantage, because the average wait is about 14 months. It is unclear how its applications would be processed so quickly. USCIS declined to comment on Related's applications.
So the U.S. government is subsidizing the wealthiest developers to build projects for the wealthiest Americans. Someone must have taken a class taught by the Federal Reserve.
Recall the post from earlier this year: Number of NYC Apartments for Rent Above $50k/Month Triples Since '08; 82% of U.S. Construction = Luxury Units. Now we know why.
Just another day in the imperial Banana Republic.
For related articles, see:
How NYC's Biggest Real Estate Project in a Generation is Being Financed by Selling Green Cards to the Chinese
How the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission is Selling Residency to Chinese “Investors” at $500k a Pop
Number of NYC Apartments for Rent Above $50k/Month Triples Since '08; 82% of U.S. Construction = Luxury Units
In Liberty,
Michael Krieger
Donate bitcoins: Like this post?Donate bitcoins: 3J7D9dqSMo9HnxVeyHou7HJQGihamjYQMN
Follow me on Twitter.
Japanese media is again reporting that the Oriental Land Company (OLC), the company which owns and runs Tokyo Disney Resort, is developing expansion plans for one of the resort's existing parks.
OLC Chairman Toshio Kagami spoke to the Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper at the opening ceremony of the 35th “Happiest Celebration!”
According to the newspaper's English-language news site the-Japan-News.com, Kagami said:
“We would like to create a Tokyo Disney Resort that fulfills new dreams. Currently, we are planning the park's expansion.”
The company said the expansion would not entail a third park.
This latest report is part of a line of investment rumors which started last year. In December 2017, a new park based on Japanese culture was rumored, but only a parking structure was confirmed. Then in February 2018, the Mainichi Shimbun reported that sources at OLC had confirmed that “DisneySky” was under consideration. At the time OLC said that they had not announced anything, but didn't explicitly deny the rumor.
While we wait for OLC to officially announce their plans, we can stay excited about the upcoming Soarin' attraction at DisneySea, and the Beauty and the Beast fantasyland expansion opening in 2020.
Hawaiian scale is an expression of the height of a wind wave affecting water. It is the expression conventionally used by surfers in Hawaii and is also used[clarification needed] in Australia and parts of South Africa.
The expression, always given in feet, is a scaled figure corresponding to roughly half the actual measured or estimated height of a wave's face. Thus, a "3-foot" wave is roughly six feet high, i.e., head-high to a 6-foot person; a "2-foot" wave is roughly four feet high, i.e., chest-high to such a person; and a "6- to 8-foot" wave would be 2 to approaching 3 times head-high to such a person. As wave height increases, however, so does the difficulty of judging that height, and as wave height approaches 20 feet[clarification needed], the range of absolute wave heights corresponding to a given scaled expression tends to widen.
The origin of the scale is obscure. Commentator Neal Miyake has proposed the following candidates:[1]
Hawaiian lifeguards' announcement of smaller wave sizes in an effort to minimize casual tourists' interest in a surf break (albeit at the risk of attracting novice surfers aware of their own limitations who might be deterred by an announcement of a larger wave size)
A possible local practice of taking measurements "from the back" of the wave, i.e. , from mean sea level (in technical terms, of measuring not the "peak-to-peak amplitude" of the wave or the height of the wave's face, the latter of which is increased by the wave's drawing water from in front of it as it breaks, but rather the wave's "semi-amplitude" or "peak amplitude"), or from wave buoy readings
, from mean sea level (in technical terms, of measuring not the "peak-to-peak amplitude" of the wave or the height of the wave's face, the latter of which is increased by the wave's drawing water from in front of it as it breaks, but rather the wave's "semi-amplitude" or "peak amplitude"), or from wave buoy readings Modesty or false modesty in early surfers' reports of their own accomplishments
In Australia, which otherwise uses the metric system, surfers and surfer-oriented media such as Australia's Surfing Life and Tracks magazines still measure and describe waves in terms of feet. Some journalists and media outlets that provide information to surfers but are not staffed by insiders to the sport express wave size in metric units using direct conversion from a literal interpretation of the scale's output,[2] e.g., labeling as "1-metre" a wave that insiders would describe as "3-foot" or slightly larger. Such an attempt, however, is unsatisfactory[opinion] both to surfers who do not use the converted units and to non-surfers and novices who do not realize that the trough-to-crest wave height is twice the figure quoted.
Alternatives to the Hawaiian scale [ edit ]
Miyake reports[3] that the Surf News Network[4] expresses wave heights as "2/3 the height of the wave from crest to trough." This heuristic finds mathematical support as a compromise between two methods of expressing the combined effects of a wave's average upward and average downward deviations from mean sea level, namely a) the sum of the absolute value of a sine wave's average (mean) deviation during its upward half-cycle and the absolute value of that mean deviation during its downward half-cycle (|0.637| + |-0.637| ≈ 1.273)[5] and b) the sum of the root mean square (RMS) amplitude of each of those half-cycles, i.e., twice the RMS amplitude of either half-cycle (2[0.707] ≈ 1.4014), each of which expressions are within between 0.06 and 0.07, or within between 4.5% and 5.25%, of the value 1.3 yielded by the heuristic for that sine wave when ​2⁄ 3 is multiplied by the sine wave's crest-to-trough (peak-to-peak) amplitude of 2.
References [ edit ]
Amazing Teriyaki Tofu recipe made with simple ingredients, pieces of tofu marinated and baked to perfection, then smothered in a flavorful sauce, delicious served with brown rice and broccoli.
This Teriyaki Tofu recipe is easy to prepare but tastes like something you would get from a Chinese restaurant, without all the MSG and other additives. I love how the marinade bakes on into a wonderfully crispy crust. Make a Japanese meal night and serve my Vegan Sushi as well.
This is an update of the recipe that I first published August 4, 2012. I wanted to take new photos and as I remade it I marveled at the ingredients and wondered why I chose to use the ingredients and process in making it. It is one of my best recipes and I have had many great feedbacks over the years and I understand why as I prepare it and took my first bite. Perfect texture, taste like it was fried instead of baked.
Few things that I did, I used about 1/4 cup fresh pineapple blended with water because I was out of juice. I added 2 tablespoons of coconut sugar for a darker color. It tasted amazing.
Illustration: Simon Letch But it is true that about half of Australian households currently pay no net tax. Either they pay no tax at all, or, what they pay in tax is offset entirely by what they receive back in benefits. That is what modelling by the National Centre for Economic and Social Modelling found back in 2014 – hardly new. The hidden story behind this statistic is that a large chunk of these households are pensioner households. An ageing population means that a growing proportion of the population will, at any point in time, be paying no tax while also receiving benefits. Across an individual's lifetime, too, the working phase of our lives is shrinking, while time spent in retirement is growing. So, is this evidence Australians are increasingly a bunch of welfare-bludging cheats? Hardly. Does it mean Morrison confronts a real, structural impediment to balancing the federal budget books? You bet. Commissioned by Morrison, Treasury has come up with the truly startling statistic that Australian government debt will top $1 trillion in 10 years if all government's budget savings are blocked (or about $800 billion if not).
Federal Treasurer Scott Morrison has reminded Australians of a time when inflation was a problem, not an aspiration. But just because Morrison has correctly identified a problem, does not mean his proposed solutions are right. At the top end, Morrison's war on rich superannuants is truly commendable. But less well mentioned is his government's war on the poor through a proposed abolition of a regular top-up to welfare payments. The top-up was introduced by the previous Labor government as a way to compensate households who paid no tax for the impact of the carbon tax. Taxpaying households, of course, were awarded tax cuts. The so-called "clean energy supplement" was paid to all benefit recipients, including age pension, carers, disability and jobless, at a rate of 1.7 per cent of a person's benefit base rate, starting in March 2014. In the Coalition's first "horror" budget of 2014, the supplement amount was frozen in time. For a single age pensioner, the supplement is now worth $7.05 a week; for a Newstart recipient it's $4.40 a week.
Why the gap? Well, thanks to a longstanding decision to increase pensions in line with wages, but the jobless benefit only in line with consumer prices, the Newstart allowance has been falling ever behind for decades. The single pension today is worth $397 a week; the Newstart allowance only $266 a week – more than $100 a week below the poverty line, defined as 50 per cent of the median income. Indeed, Labor's energy supplement represents the only remaining real increase to the Newstart allowance since 1994. Now the government wants to scrap it for new claimants. While keeping the tax cuts for middle-income households, of course, the Abbott government decided in the 2016 budget to axe the energy supplement for new welfare claimants. The measure is expected to raise nearly $1.4 billion over four years. The logic was seemingly simple. No carbon tax. No supplement needed.
Labor has dithered in its response. During the election campaign, it released costings which booked the saving from the government's measure. Although the policy document at the time said that it had not had an opportunity to "properly scrutinise" the policy and would "seek further advice" on the measure if elected. With the measure due to start from September 20, Labor is now internally divided about whether to support the measure in the name of looking fiscally responsible or to leave the money in the pockets of the poorest Australians. Because it is those whose lives are already most disrupted, because they move in and out of employment or their relationships break down and they become single parents, who are most likely to lose the payment when they come to claim a new benefit. Bill Shorten told the Press Club on Wednesday that the Newstart allowance is too low and has a longstanding promise to review the adequacy of Newstart. But in the current political environment, an energy supplement in the pocket is worth a lot more than a Newstart review in the bush.
While the lineage of the energy supplement is questionable – now that the carbon tax has been abolished – it is hard now to argue that some of Australia's most disadvantaged should shoulder the task of budget repair. Not when forces in the government want to water down the Coalition's crackdown on superannuation tax breaks, while also delivering a $6 a week tax cut to those on above $80,000 and a cut to the company tax rate that will disproportionately benefit offshore companies. There are better ways to balance the budget; standing firm on the super tax crackdown, abandoning tax cuts for high-income earners and companies, and continuing to look at removing tax breaks for property investment, being just a few. The poorest in our society may well be "taxed nots". But that's entirely by design. Have not; get taxed not. Instead of attacking the poor for a paltry saving, the government should keep its focus on whether the ageing haves are taxed appropriately. Loading
Watch this space closely to see what the government, and Labor, do to help rich superannuants versus poor welfare recipients. If, by bipartisan agreement, proposed super changes are watered down while harsh cuts to benefits are maintained, it will tell you all you need to know about the rotten moral core of our new politics.
Downtown Nashville Road Closure information for "The 50th Annual CMA Awards"
10/26/2016
NASHVILLE – Residents and visitors should plan ahead for anticipated downtown traffic adjustments in preparation for “The 50th Annual CMA Awards,” held Wednesday, Nov. 2 (8:00 PM–11:00 PM ET) at Bridgestone Arena in Nashville. Production set-up for the CMA Awards will require special traffic patterns. All times central.
Wednesday, Oct. 26 to Thursday, Nov. 3, from 6:00 AM–6:00 PM, the sidewalks on the Bridgestone Arena side of Sixth Avenue will be closed from Broadway to Demonbreun Street.
From 6:00 AM Sunday, Oct. 30 to 6:00 AM Thursday, Nov. 3, no parking will be allowed on the eastbound lanes of Broadway from Fourth to Eighth Avenues.
From 6:00 AM Sunday, Oct. 30 to 5:00 PM Thursday, Nov. 3, Sixth Avenue will be closed from Broadway to Demonbreun Street.
From 6:00 AM Sunday, Oct. 30 to 6:00 AM Thursday, Nov. 3, Fifth Avenue will be closed from Broadway to Demonbreun Street.
From 4:00 PM Sunday, Oct. 30 to 4:00 PM Friday, Nov. 4, Fifth Avenue (including sidewalks on the Music City Center side) will be closed from Demonbreun Street to the southbound lane of Korean Veterans Boulevard.
From 12:00 PM Sunday, Oct. 30 to 2:00 AM Thursday, Nov. 3, one westbound lane of Demonbreun Street will be closed from Fifth to Sixth Avenues.
From 5:00 AM Monday, Oct. 31 to 3:00 AM Friday, Nov. 4, the parking lane in front of Rippy's Bar and Grill on Broadway will be closed.
From 6:00 AM Monday, Oct. 31 to 3:00 AM Friday, Nov. 4, parking spots on Korean Veterans Boulevardand sidewalks will be closed between Fifth and Sixth Avenues.
From 6:00 AM Wednesday, Nov. 2 to 6:00 AM Thursday, Nov. 3, Fifth Avenue from Korean Veterans Boulevard to Demonbreun Street and sidewalks will be closed along the Fifth Avenue side of Music City Center.
From 6:00 AM Wednesday, Nov. 2 to 2:00 AM Thursday, Nov. 3, the following streets will close:
Sixth Avenue between Korean Veterans Boulevard and Demonbreun Street
(No cut through traffic – Music City Center parking, entrance and exit only).
(No cut through traffic – Music City Center parking, entrance and exit only). Fifth Avenue between Demonbreun Street and Broadway.
Demonbreun Street between Fourth and Eighth Avenues.
Demonbreun from 5 th to 7 th Ave sidewalks on MCC side are closed
to 7 Ave sidewalks on MCC side are closed Seventh Avenue from Demonbreun Street to Broadway (No cut through traffic – Music City Center parking, entrance and exit only).
McGavock Pike between Seventh and Eighth Avenues (No cut through traffic – event parking only).
From 6:00 AM Wednesday, Nov. 2 to 2:00 AM Friday, Nov. 4, no parking will be allowed on Fourth Avenue from Broadway to Demonbreun Street.
Find more information
“We want to be clear that we unequivocally abhor any attempt to leverage intellectual property rights to stifle political advocacy or pursue improper personal gain,” Mr. Smith said in a post on the company's blog. “We are moving swiftly to seek to remove any incentive or ability to engage in such behavior.”
Advocates and journalists who have been targets of such raids said they were pleased that Microsoft was announcing reforms, though some added that they remained suspicious of its intentions. The piracy cases have stirred resentment toward Microsoft in the nonprofit sector in Russia.
In his statement, Mr. Smith appeared to acknowledge that Microsoft needed to address the damage to its image. He said the company would set up a program to offer legal aid to nonprofit groups and media outlets in Russia that are caught up in software inquiries. He also said the company had retained an international law firm to investigate its operations in the country.
With the new, blanket licenses in place, any Microsoft programs on the computers of advocacy groups would carry Microsoft's seal of approval, making it much harder for the authorities to charge those groups with stealing the company's software, company executives said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The licensing plan is intended to last until 2012 but could be extended, Mr. Smith said. The policy could have repercussions beyond Russia because the company indicated that it would apply to other countries as well, though it did not immediately detail which ones.
Microsoft will also step up its efforts to ensure that nonprofit groups and media outlets in Russia have access to a company program that provides Microsoft software at little or no cost. (Mr. Smith said that in the past year alone, the company had donated software with a market value of more than $390 million to over 42,000 nonprofit groups around the world.)
The article in The Times described the case of an environmental group in Siberia, Baikal Environmental Wave, which was raided by the police in January just as it was planning protests against a decision by Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin to reopen a paper factory that had long polluted Lake Baikal.
Plainclothes officers took 12 computers from Baikal Wave and immediately charged the group with piracy, even though its leaders said they had only licensed Microsoft software. After the raid, the group reached out to Microsoft's Moscow office, seeking help in defending itself.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Baikal Wave asked Microsoft to confirm that its software was legal, but the company would not, angering the environmentalists. And Microsoft's local lawyer in Siberia offered testimony to the police in the case on the value of the software that was said to have been stolen.
Prosecutors have not yet decided whether to bring charges against Baikal Wave.
On Monday night, Jennie Sutton, who helped found Baikal Wave two decades ago, said in a telephone interview from Irkutsk that the shift in Microsoft policy might significantly undercut the allegations in the group's case and any future ones. “This is a victory,” Ms. Sutton said. “If Microsoft is against the police, then it will really look as if the cases that they are bringing are not fair and correct. And they won't have this as an excuse to try and close us down.”
Dmitri Makarov, an organizer at the Youth Human Rights Movement, said that for months, he had been calling on Microsoft to acknowledge that the private lawyers whom it had retained across Russia had formed unseemly ties to the police.
He said he hoped that under the company's new policy, the lawyers would never again harass the opposition. “This is what we have been asking for all along,” he said.
Ethical hackers are in constant demand because companies and organizations need competent people to monitor and expose any security risks that their network infrastructures may face. In this massive bootcamp, you'll learn everything an ethical hacker worth their salt must know, and get a major boost on your resume.
CyberTraining 365 is the best training destination for you and your team. Here you can Master Cybersecurity techniques such as Analyzing Malware, Penetration Testing, Advanced Persistent Threats, Threat Intelligence Research, Reverse Engineering, and much more.The training courses are up-to-date on all the latest technologies and industry standards. All of this is offered at a great value in a self-paced online environment. CyberTraining 365 prepares you for industry-recognized certifications so you are fully prepared for the best job opportunities in the industry.For more details on this course and instructor,
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jeremy Woodard: "Killing an Isis member is doing a good deed to the world"
Mingling with a group of fighters from the Syrian Kurdish YPG near the front line with Islamic State (IS) in north-east Syria, the one they call Sipan, with a stubbly beard and dressed in the same combat fatigues, does not look like the odd one out.
But he is. When he speaks, it is English with a southern US drawl. Sipan's real name is Jeremy, and he is from Mississippi.
He has only been here a month, but already calls it his "home from home".
Jeremy Woodard is one of a tiny handful of American ex-servicemen who have made their way halfway round the world to join the battle against IS.
I'm living the kind of life I really want, it's not much, but I feel like I'm the richest person in the world right now Jeremy Woodard, American fighter
He lost everything he brought with him when his position at Jezaa was overrun by the militants, who held it for three days before being pushed back. He says he killed two of them.
"That doesn't make me feel like a bad person," he says.
"They kill innocent people daily. They rape women and children and sell them into slavery. Killing an Isis [Islamic State] member, to me that's doing a good deed to the world. All of them need to get wiped out.
"You can't talk to people like that. There's no reasoning at all. There's a war and we have to eliminate them."
'Good guys v bad guys'
Like the other American volunteers - who are not in one unit but scattered on different fronts over a wide area - Sipan followed the Syrian war on the internet and Facebook, and got in touch through social media.
He followed the trail blazed by Zagros, aka Brian Wilson from Ohio, who established contact with Kurdish go-betweens and made his way here via Turkey and Iraqi Kurdistan a month earlier.
Brian is serving on another front, at Ras al-Ain, on the far west side of this large pocket in north-east Syria controlled by the YPG militia and its political parent the PYD, an offshoot of the Turkish PKK party of Abdullah Ocalan, whose picture is everywhere here.
"Some of the guys here speak a little English and they're teaching me Kurdish," Brian told me.
Image copyright Jewan Abdi Image caption Jeremy Woodard served in the US army in Iraq and Afghanistan
"I wanted to come and help the YPG fight Isis. It's not political. For me, it's simple: Isis is the bad guys, these are the good guys. The YPG aren't out to take anybody else's territory. They're just defending their own homes."
Like Sipan, Brian says he will probably stay a long time, though he has two children - 14 and 10 - with his ex-wife back in Ohio.
When we saw him, he had just come back from the funeral of a fallen comrade.
"The kids probably wouldn't understand if it happened to me," he said. "In fact, a lot of people back in the US probably wouldn't understand."
'Noble cause'
Half a day's drive to the east, Jeremy Woodard has already had some close shaves - he had a tooth chipped in a grenade attack - and is well aware of the possibility that he will be killed.
When I asked him what would be his cut-off point for leaving, he said: "My death!" And laughed.
"There's always that possibility," he said. "When I came over here, some people said it's suicide. They could be right, but I don't see it like that.
"I see it as doing a noble, good cause. If I may die, I know I came over here to try to help, so that's what I want."
Woodard's American family responds
Stephen Woodard, Jeremy's uncle, says his nephew is "just an average American guy" who wants to stop further IS atrocities. "He's doing the thing that a lot of us need to do - I mean the noble thing," Stephen told the BBC from his home in Texas.
Not everyone in the family knew of Jeremy's mission in Syria before he arrived in the Middle East. "Some were kind of shocked but all of us support him," Stephen said.
Stephen, who is also an Iraq war veteran, says he wishes he could join his nephew on the battlefield. He also says the Kurdish fighters desperately need extra funds.
"It could buy them equipment, buy them food … they need it. They're outnumbered against an enemy that's trying to kill us all."
He has not been able to contact Jeremy for two weeks because internet and phone services are down in parts of north-east Syria.
-Micah Luxen
Jeremy says what he misses most is his four-year-old daughter, of whom he had custody when he left.
"If I make it back, I'll set her down, hopefully she will understand by then that I was just doing my job, what I felt I had to do as a person, to stand up and fight back. Hopefully she'll understand. Hopefully my family will understand also... but at the moment, they're giving me a hard time.
"I'm living the kind of life I really want. It's not much, but I feel like I'm the richest person in the world right now, with what I have. Friends that you can actually count on - I mean you get shot at over here, you get bombed, but it's a chance you have to take."
He says other things he misses are: "Cheeseburgers, Coca-Cola, pizzas, getting in my car and just driving down the road... and not being shot at."
Tough opponents
Jeremy, who is 28, served as a specialist in a US army infantry battalion for 18 months in Iraq and a year in Afghanistan.
"This is completely different," he says.
Image copyright Jewan Abdi Image caption Brian Wilson says he just wants to help the Kurds defend themselves
"Isis is much harder to fight. They're stronger, they have more weaponry, they have more financial backing. Al-Qaeda, the Taliban - they're like a baby unit, much weaker.
"We've got air strikes from America, but that's not getting the job done. More countries need to pull together and put troops on the ground. That's the only way it's going to get resolved. If not, it's just going to get worse."
Tiny in number though they are, the handful of Americans fighting for the YPG make a symbolic counterpoint to the hundreds of foreign jihadis signing up to fight for IS.
The YPG has no recruiting mechanism to attract foreign volunteers. Those who do come are not paid a regular salary. They get uniforms, food and accommodation. Jeremy Woodard says they gave him some money when he lost all his belongings to IS.
Although they are fighting the same enemy as the US state, they clearly had no official encouragement from the American authorities to come here, and they say they have had no contact at all with them.
Schoolies Week 2016: Sydney couple proves you can find love at Schoolies
Updated
The annual Schoolies event on Queensland's Gold Coast is often portrayed as a week of drinking, random sex, drugs and violence from which nothing good comes.
The event — a week of celebration for students who have just completed Year 12 — started in the 1970s on the Gold Coast has spread to more than 10 locations throughout Australia although the Gold Coast is by far the biggest and the one that receives the most media attention.
On the Gold Coast around 25,000 to 30,000 17-year-olds invade the city staying in the array of high-rise unit blocks, spending the day on the beach, or in bed, and partying all night.
But the story of two teenagers proves that you can find love at Schoolies.
It was a hot November in 1989, when 17-year-old John Appleyard and his friends went to the Gold Coast to celebrate the end of school.
The now 44-year-old never imagined he would find 'the one' at Schoolies.
"I just went up there for a good time and look what happened," he said.
John and his love met at a Burleigh Heads resort with a distinctive pool in the shape of a map of Australia.
"So I actually met Kylie up in the Northern Territory part," John said.
"Somewhere in Arnhem Land."
John and a mate saw Kylie and her friends swimming and plucked up the courage to go over and chat.
However young John was a bit on the shy side.
"Over the next couple of days two of my friends actually let Kylie know that I was interested," he said.
"So when I spoke to her again the ice was already broken."
Over the coming days John invited Kylie to a concert at Fisherman's Wharf, but she had other plans.
That could have been where their story ended, as John and his mates headed to a Surfers Paradise nightclub after the gig.
"We'd been there about two minutes and I felt a tap on the shoulder," he said.
"I turned around and it was Kylie."
She invited him to dance and it was then the pair started their lifelong romance.
They married in 1995, returned to the hotel for their honeymoon, and now have three children.
John said he had never met another couple who met at Schoolies.
"I've never met anyone else who has met that way," he said.
"Everyone's always enthralled when I say we met at Schoolies Week."
In today's world of online dating and hook-up apps, such romance may be just a dream.
But John said who knows what could happen.
"Hopefully this might be someone's year," he said.
"They could end up as lucky as I am."
Topics: secondary-schools, youth, relationships, burleigh-heads-4220
First posted
Jefferson Parish Sheriff Newell Normand unleashed a tirade of criticism surrounding the application of the “victim” label to a 17-year-old who attempted to shoot a deputy on Tuesday night.
The Sheriff exclaimed that 17-year-old Devon Martes -who was caught by a deputy trying to steal rims from a storage lot- was “not the victim” because he attempted to open fire on his deputy.
Martes' firearm malfunctioned, giving the deputy a chance to return six shots, fatally hitting Martes.
Normand produced a freeze frame from the CCTV footage that captured the shooting, showing the two individuals locked in a standoff, pistols pointed at each other. As the camera zoomed in on the freeze frame, Normand expressed his disgust over the fact that such a situation could occur “over frickin' truck rims.”
The Sheriff went on to say that his deputy was “one of the luckiest men in America.”
© 2016 Bright Mountain Media, Inc.
All rights reserved. The content of this webpage may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written consent of Bright Mountain Media, Inc. which may be contacted at info@brightmountainmedia.com, ticker BMTM.
Nottingham Forest began their pre-season campaign with a 2-0 win over their neighbours Notts County at Meadow Lane.
Second-half goals from Ben Brereton and Apostolos Vellios were enough to earn Forest victory on the other side of the Trent as they enjoyed a productive pre-season evening.
Mark Warburton named his two summer signings, Jason Cummings and Barrie McKay, in the starting line-up alongside trialist Andreas Bouchalakis who took his place in the centre of midfield.
Forest fashioned a number of opportunities in the game's opening stages with Cummings a particular threat. The former Hibernian man fizzed a shot wide of goal before he saw an effort blocked at close range by the County defence.
There were further chances for both sides as the first half wore on. Cummings missed a golden opportunity from two yards out while Notts striker Shola Ameobi curled a shot wide of Jordan Smith's right-hand post.
Forest made three changes at the interval and one of those substitutes, Brereton, found the net five minutes into the second half. Jamie Ward's initial shot was well saved by Adam Collin but Mustapha Carayol pulled the ball back for Brereton who was there to sidefoot the ball into the back of the net.
The game lost any momentum it had as both teams made a raft of substitutions during the second half but with two minutes left on the clock, Forest sealed the win through Vellios.
Carayol made his way to the byline and delivered a low cross which the Greek striker was able to stab into the net from close range past the despairing dive of County's new trialist goalkeeper.
With two goals, a clean sheet and no obvious injuries sustained, this was the perfect start to The Reds' pre-season schedule ahead of Saturday's trip to Mansfield Town (kick-off 3pm).
Forest: Smith, Mills, Traore, McKay, Osborn, Clough, Ward, Bouchalakis, Cummings, Cash, Worrall
Subs: Evtimov, Carayol, Hobbs, Lam, Walker, Vellios, Brereton, Edser
Notts County: Collin, Tootle, Jones, Hewitt, Duffy, Hollis, Alessandra, Trialist, Ameobi, Stead, Hawkridge
Subs: Trialist, Milsom, Forte, Saunders, Dickinson, Smith, Hodge, Howes, Dearle, Richards, Dunn
Attendance: 12,209 (6,097 away)
Referee: James Adcock
I was surprised this week to find an article on Big Data in the New York Times Men's Fashion Edition of the Style Magazine. Finally! Something in the Fashion issue that I can relate to I thought. Unfortunately, the article by Andrew Ross Sorkin (author of Too Big To Fail) made one crucial mistake. The downfall of the article was conflating two distinct concepts that are both near and dear to my research, Big Data and the Wisdom of Crowds, which led to a completely wrong conclusion.
Big Data is what it sounds like — using very large datasets for ... well for whatever you want. How big is depends on what you're doing. At a recent workshop on Big Data at Northwestern University, Luís Amaral defined Big Data to be basically any data that is too big for you to handle using whatever methods are business as usual for you. So, if you're used to dealing with data in Excel on a laptop, then data that needs a small server and some more sophisticated analytics software is Big for you. If you're used to dealing with data on a server, then your Big might be data that needs a room full of servers.
The Wisdom of Crowds is the idea that, as collectives, groups of people can make more accurate forecasts or come up with better solutions to problems than the individuals in them could on their own. A different recent New York Times articles has some great examples of the Wisdom of Crowds. The article talks about how the Navy has used groups to help make forecasts, and in particular forecasts for the locations of lost items like "sunken ships, spent warheads and downed pilots in vast, uncharted waters." The article tells one incredible story of how they used this idea to locate a missing submarine, the Scorpion:
"... forecasters draw on expertise from diverse but relevant areas — in the case of finding a submarine, say, submarine command, ocean salvage, and oceanography experts, as well as physicists and engineers. Each would make an educated guess as to where the ship is ... This is how Dr. Craven located the Scorpion. “I knew these guys and I gave probability scores to each scenario they came up with,” Dr. Craven said. The men bet bottles of Chivas Regal to keep matters interesting, and after some statistical analysis, Dr. Craven zeroed in on a point about 400 miles from the Azores, near the Sargasso Sea, according to a detailed account in “Blind Man's Bluff,” by Christopher Drew and Sherry Sontag. The sub was found about 200 yards away."
This is a perfect example of the Wisdom of Crowds: by pooling the forecasts of a diverse group, they came up with an accurate collective forecast.
So, how do Big Data and The Wisdom of Crowds get mixed up? The mixup comes from the fact that a lot of Big Data is data on the behavior of crowds. The central example in Sorkin's article is data from Twitter, and in particular data that showed a lot of people on Twitter were very unhappy with antigay comments made by Phil Robertson, the star of A&E's Duck Dynasty. The short version of the story is that A&E initially terminated Robertson in response to the Twitter data, but Sorkin argues this was a business mistake because Twitter users are "not exactly regular watchers of the camo-wearing Louisiana clan whose members openly celebrate being 'rednecks'." He also cites evidence that data from Twitter does not provide accurate election predictions for essentially the same reason — the people that are tweeting are not a representative sample of the people that are voting. All of this is correct. Using a big dataset does not mean that you don't have to worry about having a biased sample. No matter how big your dataset, a biased sample can lead to incorrect conclusions. A classic example is the prediction by The Literary Digest in 1936 that Alf Landon would be the overwhelming winner of the presidential election that year. In fact, Franklin Roosevelt carried 46 of the 48 states. The prediction was based on a huge poll with 2.4 million respondents, but the problem with the prediction was that the sample for the poll drew primarily on Literary Digest subscribers, automobile and telephone owners. This sample tended to be more affluent than the average voter, and thus favored Landon's less progressive policies.
So, Sorkin is on the right track to write a great article on how sample bias is still important even when you have Big Data. This is a really important point that a lot of people don't appreciate. But unfortunately the article veers off that track when it starts talking about the Wisdom of Crowds. The Wisdom of Crowds is not about combining data on large groups, but about combining the predictions, forecasts, or ideas of groups (they don't even have to be that large). If you want to use the Wisdom of Crowds to predict an election winner, you don't collect data on who they're tweeting about, you ask them who they think is going to win. If you want to use the Wisdom of Crowds to decide whether or not you should fire Phil Robertson, you ask them, "Do you think A&E will be more profitable if they fire Phil Robertson or not?" As angry as all of those tweets were, many of those angry voices on Twitter would probably concede that Robertson's remarks wouldn't damage the show's standing with its core audience.
The scientific evidence shows that using crowds is a pretty good way to make a prediction, and it often outperforms forecasts based on experts or Big Data. For example, looking at presidential elections from 1988 to 2004, relatively small Wisdom of Crowds forecasts outperformed the massive Gallup Poll by .3 percentage points (Wolfers and Zitzewitz, 2006). This isn't a huge margin, but keep in mind that the Gallup presidential poles are among the most expensive, sophisticated polling operations in history, so the fact that the crowd forecasts are even in the ballpark, let alone better, is pretty significant.
The reason the Wisdom of Crowds works is because when some people forecast too high and others forecast too low, their errors cancel out and bring the average closer to the truth. The accuracy of a crowd forecast depends both on the accuracy of the individuals in the crowd and on their diversity — how likely are their errors to be in opposite directions. The great thing about it is that you can make up for low accuracy with high diversity, so even crowds in which the individual members are not that great on their own can make pretty good predictions as collectives. In fact, as long as some of the individual predictions are on both sides of the true answer, the crowd forecasts will always be closer to the truth than the average individual in the crowd. It's a mathematical fact that is true 100% of the time. Sorkin concludes his article, based on the examples of inaccurate predictions from Big Data with biased samples, by writing, "A crowd may be wise, but ultimately, the crowd is no wiser than the individuals in it." But this is exactly backwards. A more accurate statement would be, "A crowd may or may not be wise, but ultimately, it's always at least as wise as the individuals in it. Most of the time it's wiser."
April 02, 2016 U.S. CentCom History: "2014 - Syrian Terrorist Group ISIS Invades Iraq" Significant parts of the U.S. military, its secret services and its politicians want to deny any culpability in the creation of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. Thus they resort to extreme falsifications of historical facts. They create fantasy narratives that completely leave out their own mistakes. The U.S. Central Command created a coalition of several countries' military to wage war on ISIS. The operation is known under the the moniker "Inherent Resolve". CentCom created a website that propagandizes the operation. On the About page of that website we find this "History" of ISIS:
bigger HISTORY In the summer of 2014, a new terrorist group which had risen during the chaos of the Syrian Civil War attacked across the Syrian-Iraqi borders and seized large swaths of Iraqi territory in the Euphrates River Valley and northern Iraq. Several Iraqi towns fell to the invaders, who called themselves “The Islamic State.” By the end of summer, it seemed that Baghdad itself was threatened by IS. This is not only far away from the truth but an outrageous fabrication to deny and distort what really happened. ISIS was not created in Syria but in Iraq, it existed way before 2014 and its existence has nothing to do with war on Syria. To state that ISIS somehow came from Syria and in 2014 invaded Iraq is like claiming that Hitler invaded Germany in 1944. ISIS was created in Iraq due to the U.S. war on Iraq. The leading ISIS members, former Al-Qaeda in Iraq fighters, found each other and planned the creation of ISIS Caliphate in 2006 in the U.S. prisoner camp Bucca in Iraq: According to a CBS News investigation, at least 12 of the top leaders of ISIS served time at Camp Bucca, including the man who would become the group's leader, Abu Bakr al Baghdadi. CBS News obtained photos of 10 of them in Bucca's yellow prison jumpsuits.
...
"I think it's undeniable that one of the main causes of ISIS's explosive growth after 2010 was Bucca. It's where they met, it's where they planned," said Patrick Skinner. Skinner is with the Soufan Group and was a former CIA case officer who spent time in Iraq. It is undeniable that ISIS started in Iraq years before the war on Syria: October 2006 - AQI leader Abu Ayyub al-Masri announces the creation of Islamic State of Iraq (ISI), and establishes Abu Omar al-Baghdadi as its leader. April 2010 - Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi becomes leader of ISI after Abu Omar al-Baghdadi and Abu Ayyub al-Masri are killed in a joint U.S.-Iraqi operation. April 2013 - ISI declares its absorption of an al Qaeda-backed militant group in Syria, Jabhat al-Nusra, also known as the al-Nusra Front. Al-Baghdadi says that his group will now be known as Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIS). Al-Nusra Front leader Abu Mohammed al-Jawlani rejects ISIS's attempt to merge with the group. The above CNN timeline jumps over 2011 when the Al-Nusra's leader Abu Mohammed al-Jawlani was sent by al-Baghdadi to Syria from Iraq to reorganize Al-Qaeda cells that were secretly established in Syria long before the first demonstrations there took place. Al-Jawlani, who had also been imprisoned in Camp Bucca, came to Syria in March 2011 when the first demonstrations against the Syrian government just started: A leader of Jordan's ultra-Orthodox and banned Salafi movement said al-Baghdadi sent al-Golani and Abu Jleibeen, a senior al-Qaeda operative who has a relationship by marriage to al-Zarqawi, to fight in Syria, .. Like Ahrar al-Shams, Jabhat Al-Nusra cells were secretly establishing themselves even before the "revolution" in Syria began: The Ahrar started working on forming brigades “after the Egyptian revolution,” Abu Zayd said, well before March 15, 2011, when the Syrian revolution kicked off with protests in the southern agricultural city of Dara'a. To claim that the Islamic State somehow started in Syria, as CentCom does, is to claim the opposite of what really happened. The Islamic State under Baghdadi sent fighters and leaders to Syria to created and prop-up the "revolution" against the Syrian state. The religious and philosophical roots of ISIS are grounded in Wahhabism and are of Saudi, not Syrian or Iraqi, origin. Another fake history story is build by the CIA elements and U.S. politicians who launched the war on Syria from the "color revolution" side. Witness this astonishingly false CBS headline: Obama Nixed CIA Plan That Could Have Stopped ISIS: Officials The CIA in 2012 proposed a detailed covert action plan designed to remove Syrian President Bashar Assad from power, but President Obama declined to approve it, current and former U.S. officials tell NBC News.
...
[The CIA chief] Petraeus and others who supported the plan believe it could have prevented the rise of ISIS, Assad's use of chemical weapons, the European refugee crisis and the tens of thousands of civilian deaths that have happened since, the former officials say. Overthrowing the Syrian government would have created more chaos in Syria which very likely the Islamic State, already established in Syria at that time in the form of Jabhat al-Nusra, would have used to take Damascus and to gain primacy in Syria. Everything else is pure wishful thinking which ignores the military superiority the Takfiri groups like Ahrar, Nusra and ISIS have always had compared to the "moderate" Jihadist rebels that have direct U.S. support. The CBS piece is also about the former CIA man who was the original author of the covert action plan. He seems to disagree with what the CBS headline claims: Looking back, Laux now says he doesn't believe his or any other covert plan could have stopped the rise of ISIS or ended Syria's bloody civil war. "There were no moderates," he says. It is frightening to think that Central Command, which is supposed to fight the Islamic State, might believe its own propaganda, that ISIS came from Syria. One can not successfully fight ISIS when one does not know its real origin: the U.S. war on Iraq and CentCom's own meager to ignorant performance during that war. Posted by b on April 2, 2016 at 11:45 AM | Permalink Comments
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
DESPERATE Rupert Murdoch yesterday flew to London to try to save his ­crumbling empire.
He arrived in a cowboy-style hat to be hit by claims News of the World reporters hacked the phones of 9/11 victims.
Murdoch held talks with News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks, amid fears nine staff members and three cops may face jail.
--------------------------------------------
HIS media empire is crashing around him, he's just shut down a scandal-hit newspaper and his BSkyB bid is in tatters, but Rupert Murdoch still came out grinning yesterday.
And this cosy picture of him giving his backing to smiling Rebekah Brooks will no doubt infuriate the 200 loyal staff at the defunct News of the World who were ­sacrificed while she clung to her job.
As Labour leader Ed Miliband vowed to scupper Mr Murdoch's bid to own all of BSkyB, the News Corp boss seemed to brush off his troubles to joke with the under-fire News International chief executive – who was editor when murdered teenager Milly Dowler's phone was hacked. Asked what his first priority was, he gestured at Mrs Brooks and said: “This one.”
Mr Murdoch arrived in London yesterday, wearing a Panama hat and clutching a final copy of the News of the World, in a bid to save his crumbling organisation after the phone-hacking scandal saw the 168-year-old paper axed.
But he flew straight into another storm as it was claimed 9/11 victims may have had their mobiles tapped by News of the World reporters. And there was more bad news when it was revealed nine reporters ­allegedly at the centre of the phone scandal and claims of police corruption could face jail, along with three officers.
After he spent time at News International's Wapping HQ in East London, 80-year-old Mr Murdoch held crisis talks with Mrs Brooks, 43 - who denies any knowledge of the Milly phone tapping - at his home in Mayfair.
The pair chatted behind closed doors as a former New York cop made the 9/11 hacking claim. He alleged he was contacted by News of the World journalists who said they would pay him to retrieve the private phone records of the dead.
Now working as a private ­investigator, the ex-officer claimed reporters wanted the victim's phone numbers and details of the calls they had made and received in the days leading up to the atrocity.
A source said: “This investigator is used by a lot of journalists in America and he recently told me that he was asked to hack into the 9/11 victims' private phone data. He said that the journalists asked him to access records showing the calls that had been made to and from the mobile phones belonging to the victims and their ­relatives.
“His presumption was that they wanted the information so they could hack into the ­relevant voicemails, just like it has been shown they have done in the UK. The PI said he had to turn the job down. He knew how insensitive such research would be, and how bad it would look.
“The investigator said the ­journalists seemed particularly interested in getting the phone records belonging to the British victims of the attacks.”
The News of the World was shut after 11,000 documents seized from a private investigator revealed the ugly truth behind many of its scoops.
One police source said: “These documents show the hacking was not just one or two attempts at accessing voicemails. More than 4,000 people had their phone hacked. This was hacking on an industrial scale.”
Mr Murdoch's son James, who is chairman of News International, admitted to approving out of court settlements to hacking victims and misleading Parliament – which he claims was not deliberate.
The fresh tapping claims prompted Mr Miliband to declare war on Mr Murdoch's bid to control BSkyB.
In his most outspoken attack on the media mogul yet, he said yesterday: “The idea that this organisation, which has engaged in these terrible ­practices, should be allowed to take over BSkyB... without that criminal investigation having been completed, and on the basis of assurances from that self-same ­organisation… frankly that won't wash with the public.”
Labour will table a motion on Wednesday calling on Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt to delay signing off the takeover deal until the criminal investigation into the hacking allegations is wrapped up. Lib Dem ­ministers are thought to be prepared to back the Labour leader.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg and Business Secretary Vince Cable are said to be “totally united” against the bid.
Lib Dem deputy leader Simon Hughes lent his support yesterday. He said: “I will be suggesting to my colleagues that we as a party, a party that's never been close to Murdoch, should make clear that we think there should be a postponement of the decision.”
Mr Murdoch also owns the Sun, the Times and the Sunday Times.
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson, 43, was arrested on Friday over phone hacking and police corruption ­allegations.
Ex-royal editor Clive Goodman, 53, was also held along with a unnamed 63-year-old man. All three were freed on police bail after being quizzed by officers.
Mr Coulson was hired as David Cameron's press aide, despite warnings to the PM over his possible knowledge of the hacking while at the News of the World.
And last night criticism of Mr Cameron's judgment grew louder than senior political figures lined up to reveal they had urged him not to take Mr Coulson into government.
Lib Dem Lord Paddy Ashdown and Energy ­Secretary Chris Huhne claimed they warned the PM after the election - but were ignored.
Mr Huhne said: “Well I raised it with Nick and Nick raised it with the Prime Minister and it was made clear to us that this was a personal appointment to the Prime Minister.
“It wasn't a Government appointment and therefore we didn't have any standing to object to it, but it was very clear from what I had said previously that I think there were big reputational risks.
“The Prime Minister has said that he wanted to give Andy Coulson a second chance and that's very commendable. The reality is that there were very serious risks being run there. We knew with Andy Coulson that anybody in charge of a ­newspaper needs to know what's going on and at the very least either Andy Coulson was complicit in criminal acts or, alternatively, he was a very incompetent editor by the ­standards of Fleet Street.”
Milly Dowler's parents Sally and Bob and sister Gemma are due to meet Mr Clegg today. They will also see Mr Cameron later in the week, Downing Street has said.
Injury-plagued Ferrie Bodde has left Swansea City after his contract expired.
The 30-year-old Dutch midfielder was a key part of the side to win promotion to the Championship.
But Bodde suffered three cruciate ligament injuries during his time at the Liberty Stadium.
"It's been frustrating at times with all the injuries, but the fans have always been very supportive and warm towards me," Bodde said.
"That support has helped me fight my way back from the injuries and I will always be extremely grateful to them for that."
Bodde has played just four first-team games since November 2008 because of ongoing injury problems. He is returning to the Netherlands to continue his career.
He suffered his first cruciate ligament injury in his left knee more than three years ago during Swansea's 3-2 home defeat to Birmingham City.
Ferrie Bodde would have been one of the best players in the Championship and probably one of the best in the Premier League barring the injuries Huw Jenkins Swansea City chairman
A subsequent operation kept him out for 10 months before he made his first comeback against Sheffield United in September 2009 but lasted just nine minutes before the knee failed him again.
Bodde made it back into the Swansea first team in February 2010 but lasted 28 minutes before limping off with a recurrence of his original knee problem.
Then came last February's aborted return during a reserve game when the midfielder's right knee gave way.
Bodde had joined Swansea from ADO Den Haag for an initial £50,000 in 2007 and proved a bargain buy.
His performances soon attracted interest from the likes of Derby County, Middlesbrough and Reading, while in subsequent seasons Swansea had to fend off bids from Wigan Athletic and Bolton Wanderers.
Bodde has now started training with his home-town club Den Haag and plans to continue his career in the Netherlands.
"It feels as if I'm leaving home (Swansea) to go home (Den Haag). After five years here, I'm going to miss Swansea and its people," Bodde told the Swansea City website.
"Playing an important part in the side that clinched promotion to the Championship under Roberto Martinez was a big highlight for me, along with experiencing the first Swansea versus Cardiff derby in the Carling Cup.
"But I'll always be sad that I couldn't work properly under [former manager] Brendan Rodgers and show him what I could do.''
Swansea chairman Huw Jenkins wished Bodde well and thanked him for his time at the Welsh club.
"From the moment Ferrie joined Swansea City he has been a colourful character on and off the field and his presence around the club will be missed," Jenkins said.
"There is no doubting his talent and he would have been one of the best players in the Championship and probably one of the best in the Premier League barring the injuries he's had to put up with.
"We have all felt for him over the last few seasons because he hasn't been able to display that talent on a regular basis.
"We've tried to provide Ferrie with all the support and help he's needed - and we will continue to do so. We'll be keeping in touch with his progress and it goes without saying that we wish him well for the future.''
The Task
Right after Plasma Mobile was first announced at Akademy 2015, the team put me in charge of the creation of a crucial pillar of the ecosystem: The Human Interface Guidelines for KDE phone applications. This means guidelines for “applications made by KDE for phones”, not “applications made for KDE Phone”, because
There is no “KDE Phone”, just the phone UI of Plasma Mobile KDE applications for phones do not only run on Plasma Mobile, but may also run on e.g. Android, Ubuntu Touch or Sailfish OS
Of course third parties who design applications for Plasma Mobile should follow these guidelines as well.
Fortunately, I wasn't alone with the herculean task of writing the HIG. Alex L. and Andrea del Sarto, two designers who started posting amazing Plasma Mobile mockups on Google+ right after it was announced, joined the effort right away.
We met in a Telegram group to discuss our ideas, and I started putting whatever we agreed upon on the Wiki, accompanied by mockups from Alex.
A HIG is not written in a day, though. The first step is thinking about some basic assumptions from which to derive basic interaction principles that some or all KDE phone applications will likely have in common. These assumptions and basic principles take the longest to come up with, because if they are to be used across most or all of KDE's apps, they have to be very robust and applicable very generally.
So here are some of the assumptions we made so far and user interface patterns we derived from them:
1. Convergence is the goal, but each device gets its optimized UI
We live in a world where barriers between different device classes become more and more blurred. Tablets become laptops by attaching hardware keyboards and pointing devices, smartphones can be put into docking stations that turn them into desktop PCs, a smartphone can turn a TV into a mediacenter.
One approach to deal with such a converging world is to simply scale user interfaces to fit the screen, but this is far from ideal. A smartphone isn't just a laptop with a smaller screen where the mouse is replaced by your finger, and even tablets and smartphones are used differently.
A device used with keyboard and mouse can use interaction methods like mouse-over, right-/middle-click or keyboard shortcuts, which are not available on a touchscreen. A touchscreen, on the other hand, can use all kinds of gestures which are unavailable on a mouse.
The input method is not the only important difference, however. For another example, a phone is mostly used in portrait mode and often interacted with using only one hand (with the other hand either holding the phone or not touching it at all) , whereas a tablet is mostly used in landscape mode with both hands available. These differences may seem superficial at first, but if you want to create user interfaces that feel truly comfortable, you can't just ignore them and simply scale your UI to the target screen size and pixel density.
One HIG to rule them all
Therefore, KDE approaches convergence by designing optimized user interfaces for each device class the application targets, often even with different task priorities: As you can see in the screenshots above, Calligra Gemini Stage focuses on creation or fundamental editing of presentations in desktop mode, whereas tablet mode is focused on interactive presentations and minor touch-ups.
Nevertheless, we want designers/ developers to keep all target device classes in mind when designing a UI, which is why I decided against completely separating phone, tablet and desktop Human Interface Guidelines. Instead, currently the guidelines for different form factors are just different sections on the same page, with guidelines that apply to all device classes at the beginning. We might adjust that organization in the future, but there will always be just one central HIG document which only branches out where the guidelines for different device classes actually diverge.
2. Phones are more for communication and content consumption than for content creation
As already seen in the example of Calligra Gemini, different devices have their strengths for different tasks. Phones are great for checking news or emails on the go, but writing a book or even just creating a presentation on a phone isn't much fun. Following this assumption, the phone HIG emphasizes patterns for browsing and viewing content over those for creating it.
3. Users prefer to interact with the center of the screen
As research shows, smartphones are predominantly held upright (portrait mode) and in one hand, simply because that is the most convenient way to use it and it leaves one hand free e.g. to hold onto something while standing in a bus.
If we want an application to be used conveniently with one hand, we have to make sure that everything that is needed often can be reached with that hand's thumb without having to reposition the hand (although the aforementioned research also shows that people do switch how they hold their phone whenever needed).
Regardless of the way users hold their phone, research shows they generally are more precise in interacting with – and prefer to interact with – the center of the screen.
Based on these findings, the HIG recommends interaction patterns which do not require users to reach for the far ends of the screen (mostly the top), but give them on-demand controls near the center of the screen.
4. Space is limited, and content is king.
Although smartphone screens have been getting bigger and bigger over time, they are still very small compared to laptop or desktop screens. Since neither readability nor comfortable interaction should be sacrificed by just making things smaller, we have to find other ways to save space compared to desktop or tablet user interfaces.
In combination with assumption 2) that most phone applications are used more for viewing than for manipulating content, this leads us to the approach that the limited screen space should be mostly reserved for content, with controls only exposed when needed.
5. Content often has a hierarchical structure
We have found that often the content to be browsed through has an inherent hierarchical structure. Whether it's files in a folder hierarchy, emails in (sub)folders in accounts, news items in feeds (optionally) in folders or tracks in albums by artists, one often has several levels of hierarchy to browse through to get to the object one wants to see.
And since navigating through that hierarchy is often one of the tasks the user performs most often with these applications, optimizing the interaction for that task will make using the application overall more efficient and a more pleasant experience.
What's next?
With these assumptions in mind, we set out to create the actual Human Interface Guidelines. In part 2 of this series, I will talk about the process of we write the HIGs while Marco Martin is working on creating components to help developers create HIG-compliant applications easily.
Now I'd like to know, dear reader: Do you agree with our assumptions, or do you disagree with some of them? I'd love to hear your opinion in the comments!
Advertisements
At today's government session, Foreign Minister Keit Pentus-Rosimannus approved Estonian positions for next Monday's Foreign Affairs Council meeting in Brussels, which will focus on Russia. The minister said that Estonia continues to stand by its firm belief that there is no basis for the European Union's policy towards Russia to change, since Russia continues to behave as an aggressor and has not complied with the Minsk agreements.
“By imposing sanctions against Russia, the European Union has provided an effective message that severe violations of international law and undermining European security will not be accepted and will have consequences. We need to continue with sanctions until Russian aggression in Ukraine ends,” the minister added.
Pentus-Rosimannus also stressed that in dealing with Russia, the international community must take into account that it is a country that has occupied and annexed Crimea. “A country that does not respect the borders of other sovereign countries and which has occupied and annexed part of Ukraine is not a partner, but rather an aggressor,” the Foreign Minister said.
The Foreign Minister said that at Monday's Foreign Affairs Council meeting Estonia considers other critical issues to be the European Union's stronger support for Eastern Partnership countries and closer cooperation of member states in the area of strategic communication in response to Russia's growing propaganda activities.
Also on the agenda of Monday's meeting of EU Foreign Ministers (FAC) will be the need to develop the European Union's climate change action plan, the conflict in Libya and cooperation between the EU and the Arab League.
PRESS DEPARTMENT
(+372) 637 7618
(+372) 5695 2252
press@mfa.ee
www.vm.ee
Heroes of the Storm's first 2017 ranked season is ending soon, and we've got a host of new rewards that you can earn just by playing ranked games in the coming months. Read on for details!
Season Roll Dates
2017 Season 2 will begin as soon as our next patch becomes available for download in each region throughout next week. Check the season start and end dates below to make sure you're able to dive into the rankings as soon as the season rolls.
Event Date 2017 Season 2 Start Week of June 13* 2017 Season 2 End Week of September 5*
*Exact date may vary slightly by region.
Ranked Play Updates
With the introduction of our second 2017 season, we will be introducing following changes to the Ranked Play system:
Personal Rank Adjustments: We've lessened personal rank point adjustments in Hero and Team League. This will allow players' ranks to move more quickly during streaks of wins or losses.
Team League: When average queue times for 2-player parties in Team League become lengthy, the leaders from additional 2-player parties attempting to enter the queue will see a warning message that they may be in for a long wait. When this occurs, those party leaders can choose to enter the lengthy queue if they are willing to wait, or cancel the queue to find additional party members and get a match more quickly.
2017 Season 2 Rewards
Players who manage to brawl their way up through the leagues during the upcoming season can claim new portraits, mounts, and gold rewards for their achievements in Hero and Team League. Take a look at everything that's up for grabs this season!
Hero League Portraits
Team League Portraits
Mount Rewards
Hero League Rank Rewards Bronze 500 Gold Bronze Hero League Portrait Silver 750 Gold Silver Hero League Portrait Gold 1000 Gold Gold Hero League Portrait Platinum 1250 Gold Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Platinum Hero League Portrait Diamond 1500 Gold Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Diamond Hero League Portrait Master 1750 Gold Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Epic Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Master Hero League Portrait Grand Master 2000 Gold Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Epic Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Grand Master Hero League Portrait
Team League Rank Rewards Bronze 500 Gold Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Bronze Team League Portrait Silver 750 Gold Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Silver Team League Portrait Gold 1000 Gold Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Gold Team League Portrait Platinum 1250 Gold Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Platinum Team League Portrait Diamond 1500 Gold Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Diamond Team League Portrait Master 1750 Gold Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Epic Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Master Team League Portrait Grand Master 2000 Gold Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Epic Earthbreaker Grizzly Mount Grand Master Team League Portrait
In addition to everything we've mentioned so far, there will be 10 placement matches waiting for you on the other side of the season roll that you'll need to play through in order to receive your initial ranking. We also plan to once again loosen the system's certainty level in everyone's skill rating, so it will be a little easier to move through the rankings during your first few matches this season.
If you're ready to begin your Ranked Play journey in Heroes of the Storm but are unsure how, head over to our Ranked Play Guide to get started on the right foot.
Good luck and have fun during the second ranked season of 2017!
As the American stock market opened to lows unseen since the 2008 economic meltdown, (as of this writing it is down only 373 points — a fairly typical down day), Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump took to Twitter to refresh his longstanding political message that the American economy allows “China and Asia to dictate the agenda”:
—
As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 24, 2015
—
“@john_franco: When people start losing their savings & home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy #MakeAmericaGreatAgain” — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 24, 2015
—
“@john_franco: When people start losing their savings & home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy #MakeAmericaGreatAgain“ — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 24, 2015
—
Markets are crashing – all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 24, 2015
—
Regardless of how this stock day ends, this startling reminder that “so goes China, so goes America” is bound to unsettle many Americans and play into Trump's decades-long message about our country being too reliant on China and other countries.
Once again America is paying a price for following instead of leading.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
THIS letter is addressed to the bold, inquisitive youth who were caught rummaging through my car on Monday, July 25th 2016. Unfortunately you fled the scene in an incredibly efficient manner, so I wasn't able to chat with you. Hopefully this message is relayed to you somehow.
I'll begin by applauding your bravery. It was a courageous endeavor to inspect my car and its contents in broad daylight, next to a bustling government building. You also made the decision to adopt a “strength-in-numbers” strategy, which shows a respectable degree of comradery. Under different circumstances audacity and teamwork are commendable qualities, and will serve you well in the future.
Regrettably, it was also these characteristics that brought an early end to your heist. Should you have exercised just a little more caution, surveyed the scene, and stratified your roles in the theft, you would have had the time to assess my belongings, and potentially come away with some seriously disappointing loot, including:
• My dirty laundry in the backseat: You do not want this. It was still soaking with sweat from a soccer game, and was probably damp to the touch. I hope you washed your hands after hopping that fence and running home.
• My backpack: You really do not want this. I often commute via bicycle, and in order to cram large items into my backpack, I had to cut a hole through one of the internal pockets. In making this incision, I unleashed a flurry of black fabric which continues to find its way into anything placed inside the backpack. Like glitter, but uglier.
• My soccer cleats: You do not want them. The left cleat is being held together by duct tape. It does not have long to live, and the right cleat is a lonely, dysfunctional mess without its counterpart.
• Deodorant, shaving cream and a razor: You do not want these. The first item has spent time in a soccer player's armpits, and the latter are of no use to you until you achieve puberty. Godspeed.
• Large wads of cash: You cannot have these because they do not exist in my life. Re-direct your efforts toward large, foreign yachts and you may have more luck.
• A coconut: You can have this. There was a coconut in my trunk, and I would have given it to you. You did not run away with it, but that would have been an acceptable fate. If you would like a free coconut let me know because I can get more, and climbing trees is great exercise.
• My car stereo and speakers: You do not want these. They do not work. Before you were born there were these groups of musicians called “boy bands,” and they would find their way into the car speakers of teenage girls, ruining their sound systems. I assume that's what happened in my car.
• My vehicle: You might want this. It runs about 70 percent of the time, makes this really comforting thumping sound when it reaches 20 mph, and the rusty metal tips of the windshield wipers have etched some pretty neat designs into the glass.
In summary, I do not own many things that are worth stealing. I certainly can't afford to replace anything that gets stolen, unless it grows on trees (see list above). Please do not steal my car, or take any items inside of it without having a discussion with me first. Thanks.
Respectfully,
How can you lose your citizenship? Let me count the ways
Posted
The latest security-inspired bill to go through Parliament fundamentally alters Australian citizenship laws, so here is a primer for all the new and interesting ways you can now become unAustralian, writes Michael Bradley.
Congratulations, dual citizens: you can now become unAustralian in new and interesting ways. The Australian Citizenship Amendment (Allegiance to Australia) Bill will pass through Parliament this week. Almost nobody cares about this, but we should record for posterity that the content of Australian citizenship has just been fundamentally altered.
Who can lose their citizenship?
Any Australian citizen aged 14 or over, who is also a citizen or national of another country, can lose their Australian citizenship. Whether you're a foreign citizen is generally easy to identify. What a "national" of a foreign country is, I don't know. That's never been defined.
More than six million Australians were born overseas, and an estimated four or five million more were born here but hold dual citizenship. So, under this law, more than 10 million Australians are eligible to lose their citizenship.
Is this how all those Kiwis have been getting kicked out?
No, different law. The Immigration Minister has power to deport people who have never acquired Australian citizenship, under a "character" test. He's been using that lately to detain and deport hundreds of New Zealand citizens after they've served sentences for crimes committed here. He can't use the same mechanism on anyone who is an Australian citizen.
How does it work?
Four categories of conduct can cause you to lose your citizenship. First (this one isn't new), if you fight for a foreign country at war with Australia. Secondly, if you fight for a declared terrorist organisation outside Australia. If any of the surviving Australians serving with IS are foreign citizens or nationals, then they'll never be coming back (academic, since their passports had already been cancelled).
Thirdly, if you are convicted of certain crimes and sentenced to at least six years in prison, then the minister can take away your citizenship and you'll be deported when you've done your time.
Finally, you can automatically revoke your own citizenship by engaging in certain types of terrorism-related conduct. No criminal charge or conviction required.
Which crimes?
The final list of deportation-worthy crimes is shorter than originally proposed. Here's what you should avoid:
Terrorist acts (including recruiting, training, funding);
Treason or espionage against Australia;
Overthrowing the government or sabotaging military stuff;
Being a "foreign fighter" (stay away from areas declared by Julie Bishop as no-go zones).
The most controversial offences didn't make it onto the final list. You won't lose your citizenship if you're convicted of advocating terrorism or of urging force or violence against a group distinguished by race, religion, nationality, ethnic origin or political opinion. That's good news for the heroes of talk-back radio.
Automatic renunciation - how will I know?
You'll know when the minister tells you, which he'll do when ASIO tells him that you've committed one of the types of conduct that triggers the renunciation of your citizenship. It's like saying "I divorce thee", except in actions not words.
The conduct in question is all the terrorism stuff. The big change in the final version of the law is that there's a strict intention requirement. You have to both do the act (for example, send money to a terrorist organisation), and have the intention of advancing a political, religious or ideological cause and of intimidating a government or the public. So, in theory, you can't lose your citizenship by accident.
Did they end up making it retrospective?
Yes, but only for criminal convictions. If you were convicted of one of the listed offences within the past 10 years, and sentenced to at least 10 years in prison, then when you get out the minister can revoke your citizenship.
If you believe (as I do) that loss of citizenship is punitive, then this measure infringes two basic legal principles: that the executive arm of government is not empowered to impose punishments (that's the exclusive right of the courts); and that the potential punitive consequences of a criminal act should be known at the time you commit it.
Mind you, that doesn't mean the law is necessarily invalid. The High Court has never directly considered whether loss of citizenship is a punishment. If asked, I suspect it will say that it isn't. I'm just saying I think that'd be wrong.
Constitutional challenge coming?
Yes, inevitably. The likely target is the automatic renunciation provision. If Immigration Minister Peter Dutton does go hunting for somebody who he can say has renounced their citizenship by conduct, then a High Court challenge to the validity of that outcome will follow.
My view is that the provision is unconstitutional for two reasons.
First, it involves an exercise of judicial power by the executive. Only the courts are allowed to decide criminal guilt and impose punishments. While this law has been carefully crafted to look like nobody is doing that (the idea is that you do it to yourself), the reality is that the minister or somebody reports to him has to decide whether or not you have physically committed the requisite act, and whether or not you had the requisite intention when you did it. These decisions involve the exercise of judgment. The outcome is that you can effectively be found, by the minister, to have committed a crime, without ever being charged or convicted of it.
Secondly, the law exceeds the Commonwealth's legislative power. The Parliament has power to make laws with respect to "aliens", who are people owing an allegiance elsewhere than Australia. Taking away a person's Australian citizenship necessarily renders them an alien. A person born in Australia could in some circumstances also be a foreign citizen. Can the Parliament turn that person into an alien, when nothing they ever did was consistent with having a foreign allegiance?
I think the High Court should knock this law off. But look, I just wrote two paragraphs on it, compared to the few thousand paragraphs of submissions that will be involved in the legal challenge when it comes. It's going to be a big and super-complicated fight, of interest to not even most lawyers.
Can I get back to the cricket now?
Yeah, as you were. The great unknown here is whether this new law will ever be used. Most of our national security laws have not.
Malcolm Turnbull has made it clear enough that he thinks elements of this law are stupid, so it'll be interesting to see whether he forces it to the backbench to stew in irrelevance with the guy who thought it up in the first place.
Michael Bradley is the managing partner of Marque Lawyers, a Sydney law firm, and writes a weekly column for The Drum. Follow him on Twitter @marquelawyers
Topics: government-and-politics, federal-government, law-crime-and-justice
By Kathleen Charlebois | Miner and News, April 18, 2017
Braeden Kokopenace held up a picture of his twin sister emblazoned with the words “We will not forget” and “#Justice4Azraya” for all to see during a march in her memory.
He and Azraya Ackabee-Kokopenace's family, friends and community members from Grassy Narrows First Nation walked from Knox United Church to the wooded site across from the Lake of the Woods District Hospital where Azraya's body was found after a two-day search a year ago on April 17. She disappeared from the hospital after police brought her there. Friends, family and provincial representatives continue to press for inquest into her death.
Braeden said Azraya was “a sweet girl” who he loved and cared for. “I want justice for my sister,” he said during a press conference at the vigil. “She didn't deserve to be treated like that by police.”
He referred to a video that showed a Kenora OPP officer in an altercation with Azraya a few weeks before her death, and he said he believes the incident impacted her badly. “I think it put fear into our community,” he said.
Braeden also said both youth and elders have been mourning for her in the year since her death. “Justice for my sister would mean answers about what happened to her and improving the system so fewer suicides take place,” he said.
Azraya's aunt Lorenda Kokopenace said her niece's death has been difficult to bear and the system “really failed all of them.”
She said she feels like the Anishinaabe Abinoojii Family Services, who had Azraya in their custody, is another kind of residential school system.
“That stuff needs to stop, and we need to all work together and quit sending our kids away,” Lorenda said. “She wanted to come home and they ignored that.”
Irwin Elman, the provincial advocate for children and youth in Ontario, said he has written in the past to the regional supervising coroner, Dr. Michael Wilson, to ask for an inquest.
Wilson said last October that the involvement of Child Protective Services adds “additional elements” to his investigation and requires more time, although Kenora Rainy-River MPP Sarah Campbell and Azraya's family say an inquest is legally required as Azraya was in police custody when she died.
“A coroner's inquest will investigate and explain circumstances around Azraya's death and will provide us with the first step that we need to go forward so we can prevent the further loss of Indigenous youth,” Campbell said.
After walking through Kenora, marchers visited the memorial site across from the hospital, where they lit candles and put down tobacco.
Azraya's friend Kyra Fobister shared that she often visits her friend's grave in her home community and talks and plays songs they both like.
“We as a whole deserve to know the truth,” she said. “It may not bring her back but it's our only way to cope with everyday life without her.”
http://www.kenoradailyminerandnews.com/2017/04/18/family-friends-of-azraya-ackabee-kokopenace-continue-push-for-inquest-a-year-after-her-death
Reader Submission
As we already explained in a previous post , Major League Soccer updated the Tie-Breaking procedures/rules.
When two or more teams are tied in the standings on points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss), the following tiebreakers will be used in the sequence below, until one team ranks ahead of the other(s):
A reminder of the tiebreakers:
Goals For (GF) Goal Differential (GD) The Fewest Disciplinary Points (Posted here) Road Goals Road Goal Differential Home Goals Home Goal Differential Coin Toss (2 teams) or Drawing of Lots (3 or more)
With the team continuing to score and a relatively full defensive squad, the Montreal Impact will look to continue this trend and also winning. Let's have a look at the updated Tie-Breaker rankings with the top 3 tie-breaker criterias
Standings are provided by the MLS and have been last updated (when this article was written) on Thursday, August 30, 2012 at 11:41am.
Goals For (GF) Ranking: 3rd
A 7-goal jump for the Montreal Impact since the first compilation of these rankings (August 8th) and 1 spot up. It's a good indication that the Impact have been scoring in bunches and have taken advantage of their home games, at Stade Saputo.
Actual Rank Goals For Rank Club GF 2 1 New York Red Bulls 46 4 2 D.C. United 43 6 3 Montreal Impact 42 3 4 Houston Dynamo 38 9 5 New England Revolution 33 1 6 Sporting Kansas City 32 5 7 Chicago Fire 32 7 8 Columbus Crew 31 10 9 Toronto FC 29 8 10 Philadelphia Union 25
Goal Differential (GD) Ranking:
From -8 to -2 , the Impact have scored more goals with some good defending and excellent goalkeeping. Troy Perkins has won all 3 games with the Montreal Impact, including 2 shutouts.
Actual Rank Goals Differential Rank Club GD 1 1 Sporting Kansas City 9 3 2 Houston Dynamo 8 2 3 New York Red Bulls 7 4 4 D.C. United 6 5 5 Chicago Fire 2 7 6 Columbus Crew 2 6 7 Montreal Impact -2 9 8 New England Revolution -5 8 9 Philadelphia Union -5 10 10 Toronto FC -17
Fewest Disciplinary Points: When the going gets tough..
(For the Disciplinary Points System, click here)
Updated through games of August 26, 2012
A 50-point jump since the first MLS tiebreaker article
This is my first year participating in Secret Santa and I am absolutely blown away by how thoughtful my Santa was. I was in the hospital this past weekend and haven't been able to return to work yet (and my husband is away for work). This was definitely the pick-me-up I needed.
First, of course the box- Both of the cats are obsessed. Cat tax included.
I am so psyched to try out the Christmas charades game!! We have the trivia version and had a blast with it last year, so I'm sure this will be great!
I've never seen "Love Actually" but it definitely looks like my type of movie and we have plans to watch it when my husband returns!
I mentioned that I love doing things with our daughter like baking. I'm so stoked to try out the hershey's cupcake mix!! We are definitely going to make them this weekend :D
My Santa must know how dry it is where I live because she cleverly included lip balm. This will seriously come in handy.
And last but not least, she included nail polish (in my favourite colour!) for when my daughter and I feel like pampering ourselves.
Thanks again Santa- you're the best!!
If you, like me, run a bunch of music and art apps on your iPad then you might want to hold off on upgrading to the recently-released iPad Air.
There are reasonable rumors that the next iPad will feature a larger 12.9" screen. That's 3.2" larger than the current 9.7" iPad screen. Why is this a big deal? Well, if you are a musician or artist tweaking sliders and knobs or splashing digital paint on your iPad, then you know how valuable screen real estate is and how just a few additional inches will improve the experience and workability of this amazing device.
Analyst Rhoda Alexander at IHS, suggests that several display manufacturers are playing around with new screen sizes and that recent orders may be for next generation 12.9" iPads: "Some manufacturers over the last six months have received sample quantities of a larger panel... They're playing around with a product that could possibly be an iPad-related product. Various sizes are being reported, with 12.85 inches being one of the sizes."
It's still too early to say whether this will actually happen because the volume of larger screens that have been ordered is not large enough to indicate mass-production: "We have not seen volume shipments yet of any panels... We have to get a lot further down the line in terms of seeing really strong indicators from Apple that such a product exists, and we're just not at that point."
Whether the new iPad features a larger screen or not, the recent release of the iPad Air means that we are more likely to find out sometimes around the end of 2014.
To learn more about this prediction and to stay updated check out the following articles:
What do you think the next iPad be called? iPad Pro, iPad 5, iPad 6, or iPad Air 2??
tags:
Even as early leads in counting showed the Bharatiya Janata Party ahead of the Congress and the Aam Aadmi Party in Delhi, the party's chief ministerial candidate Dr Harsh Vardhan said he was felling no pressure and was confident of a hands down victory.
"I am confident about winning. My pulse rate is 72," he said smilingly on CNN-IBN. "I have always been very certain that we were clearly ahead of Congress and the AAP. They were fighting each other."
On becoming the face of the campaign in Delhi, he said he's only happy to comply with the party's strategy, adding, "I had no problem with Modi's pictures in the same banner as mine. He is the future prime minister. His popularity is unquestionable. "
Asked if the Modi wave had some impact on voting patterns in Dlehi, he said Modi is the future prime minister of India. "With his own work he has manged to make a name for himself and rejuvenated the party's popularity. It's given that if he campaigns in Delhi, there will be some positive impact."
Harsh Vardhan also said his own priority would be healthcare. " I'll enable all Delhiites to take care of their health," he said.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
After a nail biting World championship Finals which closed out an incredible season of League of Legends it's time to have a deeper look into a year full of upsets, surprises and revelations. This is why we decided to offer you a series of articles about the main events of 2016.
To start this series off, we will be focusing on the rising stars that emerged around the world during the year. But first we need to address this question:What is a Rookie? According to us a rookie is a player who is making their debut in professional leagues. The only past competitive experiences we are allowing is when a player participated in a Challenger level league or a tourney like the KeSPA Cup or Demacia Cup which are open to subdivision organizations. Also a Rookie has to participate for at least a full split in order to be considered.
As for how we ended-up with this list, we evaluated the players on their overall performance, their progression, their reliability and their team success. This is why we favored a rookie which team had a breakthrough during the year, if possible on the international stage, over a player who couldn't carry his team when it mattered. One example to illustrate this is our pick of Sencux over guys like FoFo (J Team LMS) or NighT (Giants Gaming EU LCS) while both may be more talented than the Danish midlaner, his play helped his team qualify for Worlds.
During the preseason of the 2016 EU LCS Spring Split, most of the attention about Splyce focused on Sencux and Kobbe. While the Danish team endured a difficult split, finish near the bottom of the rankings, the fantastic development of Martin « Wunder » Hansen was one shining ray of hope for the organization.
One of the youngest players in the LCS (he is barely 18 years old), Wunder rises to fame by becoming one of the most complete Toplaner in Europe. Similarly to his teammate Sencux, his main strength is his versatility which enables him to adapt to various styles and strategies.
During the Summer Split he utilized 13 different champions, showing off his ability to understand the Meta and think outside the box. By improving his synergy with the rest of the team, he also became a threat every time he used his TP. His performances were a major factor into Splyce qualification to both the Summer Finals and the World Championship.
However Wunder first international experience wasn't an easy ride. Facing a fierce competition into the « group of death », the young Danish toplaner was regularly dominated by better teams who made a point to crush his lane early.
Although his lack of experience affected his game, he displayed the ability to switch between a large range of champions, like when he debuted Kled against Samsung Galaxy. Though he did have some good moments (the victory against Royal Never Give Up) his showing on the World stage was lackluster.
It's certain that Wunder will use this experience as a fuel to boost his inner fire and keep on working on his game in order to show the naysayers that his EU LCS First Team spot during the Summer Split wasn't a fluke.
Runners-up: ADD (MVP), Lourlo (Team Liquid), Ray (Apex Gaming)
2016 was a great year for newcomers of the Korean scene, yet one player standout among the rest: Kyu-seok « Beyond » Kim. The young Jungler signed with MVP at the end of last year and right off the bat, took the Korean Challenger scene by storm. Indeed, by the end of the regular season, his team had won 24 out of 28 games and he was leading all Junglers in most statistical categories.
Fighting Kongdoo Monster for the last LCK spot, Beyond displayed his skills by outjungling Crush and came clutch in a pivotal game three with a 13.0 KDA. The 3-1 victory qualified the very young and inexperienced roster into the highly competitive LCK. While it took some weeks for MVP to adapt to its new environment, the second half of the season was much better for the organization.
In the end Beyond and his teammates concluded the season with a sixth place finish (7 wins and 11 losses), a very promising start. But his personal achievements were greater than that, the young jungler rapidly became one of the best of the league thanks to a first-class pathing, supreme mechanical skills and great timings on his ganks.
Even when MVP was outmatched, like during one series against future World Champions SKT Telecom T1, Beyond was still dominating Blank. Highly considered by the rest of the community, he ranked fourth overall in the MVP race with 800 points, tying Faker, Score, Bang and Kuzan.
Often compared to former MVP Ozone star DanDy, it's still unclear where Beyond is going to play next year. Indeed rumors about a trade are spreading since the end of the season and it's unlikely that MVP will be able to keep such a hot commodity. Without a doubt a lot of organizations, both Koreans and Chinese, are going to offer a lot to get the Korean Jungler.
Runners-up: Dardoch (Team Liquid), Crash (Longzhu Gaming), Inori (Phoenix1), Maxlore (Giants Gaming)
Denmark is known for its Midlaners: Bjergsen, Jensen and Froggen have been the top dogs for several seasons across the LCS. But one more player will be added soon to this prestigious list, SplyceMidlanerChres « Sencux » Laursen.
Based on an amazing season in the European Challenger Series which ended with a qualification for the LCS, fans had great expectations of Splyce and its Danish Midlaner. However the Spring Split was a very thorny experience for the young organization which accumulated only 5 wins.
But Sencux' talent rose above the adversity, letting nobody indifferent. While his team was dominated across the map, the young Midlaner showed he had the level to face-off against the best. Although the Dane played his heart out, it was Perkz (G2 Esports) who received the Rookie of the Split award.
Nevertheless Splyce remained in the LCS and decided to make over its gameplay, replaced Nisbeth by Mikyx and kept on practicing during the offseason. During the Summer Split Sencux showcased once again why he was one of the best pure talent of the league by improving his flexibility and his level of play.
The results were amazing for the young roster which quickly became the second best team in Europe, trailing only G2 Esports. While Sencux was unsuccessful during the Summer split Finals, he was able to help his team qualify for the World Championship. Yet his first international experience was a difficult one, the young Midlaner was powerless against some of the best teams in the world. Even if some of his performances were pretty solid, his team was outplayed macro-wise all tournament long.
After this harsh first experience, it's important to look at Sencux bright future. The young Danish now wants to prove he can carry his team to an European title. And who knows, maybe one day he may cross the Atlantic like his predecessors?
Runners-up: FoFo (J Team), Scout (EDward Gaming), Athena (I May), Icon (Oh My God), Huhi (Counter Logic Gaming) Perkz (G2 Esports), NighT (Giants Gaming), Exileh (Unicorns of Love).
While a lot of rookies had an exceptional first season in 2016, nobody had a 6 months journey like Jae-hyuk « Ruler » Park. The young ADC was still playing in the Korean Challenger Scene in April, yet he faced SKT Telecom T1 during the World Championship Finals few months later. Scouted by Samsung while playing for Stardust, he quickly became their starting ADC, a position the organization had trouble to fix since the departure of both Imp and Deft.
The signing of Ruler helped stabilize the roster which was switching between Stitch and CoreJJ during the Spring Split. The former Dignitas player, once thought to be the answer at the position, switched to Support.
Early on, Ruler displayed an incredible level of maturity and quickly developed into a very solid ADC. Even with several switches between Wraith and CoreJJ at the Support position, his level of play seemed to be unaffected. His strong performance during the Korea Regional Finals against KT Rolster helped Samsung Galaxy to finally get over the hump and qualify for Worlds.
In the US, the team completely transformed itself after a wake-up call when they lost against Team SoloMid. While facing some of the best players in the planet, Ruler dominated most of his opponents, powering Samsung to a 10 wins streak on his way to the Finals. There, he outplayed Bang on multiple occasions but couldn't carry his team to the victory, ending up losing to SKT 3-2.
If Ambition had to wait for 4 years before finally qualify for his first Worlds, it's unlikely that Ruler had to wait as long to get his second international experience.
Runners-up: Stixxay (Counter Logic Gaming) PentaQ (Game Talents) Kobbe (Splyce) LokeN (ESC Ever)
Xpecial, Lustboy or even Yellowstar, the position of Support for Team SoloMid has always been occupied by a veteran. This is why, when the front office announced the signing of Vincent « Biofrost » Wang as the starting Support after a short bootcamp, the news came as a surprise for most fans and analysts.
However the newcomer was immediately incorporated into a very experienced line-up and it felt like he was part of the team for several seasons. His synergy with Doublelift felt innate, allowing the veteran to play one of his best split of his illustrious career. Even with the pressure of playing for one of the most covered and supported organization in Esports, the rookie didn't let the critics derail his play and his willingness to improve made him a better player through the split.
His role with TSM kept on evolving, allowing him to roam more in order to create extra opportunities for Bjergsen and co. His map awareness and his reactivity around the map gave Svenskeren further freedom to counter-jungle and gank. But it's his ability to adapt that made Biofrost a great asset when the Meta changed again to force standard lanes during the Playoffs.
On the other hand, the World Championship was a painful journey for him. Facing first-class botlanes, Biofrost did have some solid games (like during the victory against Samsung Galaxy) but overall TSM botlane was dominated during most of the group stage. The main example is probably the two games against Royal Never Give Up, the matchup against Mata proved too much to handle for the young player.
Next year will absolutely be an interesting one for the TSM Support who is going to play the first split without Doublelift. It's still unclear who is going to replace the veteran ADC but this will be without a doubt another way to evaluate Biofrost' progression.
Runners-up: Hybrid (Origen), Mikyx (Splyce), Matt (Team Liquid)
Rookie First Team
Wunder Beyond Sencux Ruler Biofrost SPY - EU LCS MVP - LCK SPY - EU LCS Samsung - LCK TSM - NA LCS
Rookie Second Team
ADD Dardoch FoFo Stixxay Mikyx MVP - LCK TL - NA LCS J Team - LMS CLG - LCS NA SPY - EU LCS
French version
Oxytocin is that feel good hormone that bonds a child to his or her mother. But never mind that.
Researchers in Hawaii are recruiting girls as young as 14 to participate in second trimester abortions, where the preborn baby is 18-24 weeks gestation, in order to test whether or not oxytocin can reduce bleeding in mothers during and after abortion.
The study is being conducted by the University of Hawaii and the University of Washington in Seattle – both public universities, which leads to the obvious question: is the government funding this study?
A second trimester abortion is at least a two-day procedure, where the baby is given heart-stopping medication, then either is delivered the next day or is dismembered by the abortionist. Women have died from having legal abortions this late in pregnancy, such as Jennifer Morbelli, who died in 2013 as a result of a late-term abortion. Tonya Reaves died in 2012 after a dilation and evacuation second trimester abortion at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Chicago. And Karnamaya Mongar was killed by late-term abortionist Kermit Gosnell in 2009.
The clinical study in Hawaii is seeking 166 participants and supposedly started in October of last year and is expected to finish in July of this year. That is 166 mothers who are going to hurt by the devastating effects of abortion. That is at least 166 children who will suffer a horrendous and painful death in the name of research.
Like this pro-life news article? Please support LifeNews during our current fundraising campaign with a donation!
Several scientific studies have shown babies feel pain by at least 20 weeks gestation. When subjected to painful stimuli, babies will flinch, recoil and jerk away. For mothers, the risk of physical harm drastically increases the later in pregnancy the abortion happens. During first trimester abortions, the chance of physical complications are around 6 percent but increase to 50 percent or higher for abortions into the second trimester. A study on abortion-related mortality from 1988 to 1997 showed that women died from abortions at a rate of 29.5 deaths per 100,000 at 16 to 20 weeks. After 21 weeks, it was 76.6 deaths per 100,000.
This study at the University of Hawaii is seeking to abort babies 18-24 weeks gestation, putting mothers at a high risk of complications and even death.
The state of Hawaii does not fall under any specific laws, like a waiting period or parental consent, for abortion restrictions. Abortions are legal at any time and for whatever reason.
The U.S. House of Representatives had scheduled a vote during the March for Life in January of this year to ban abortions after 20 weeks but supposed pro-life Congresswomen Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) and Jackie Walorski (R-Ind.) torpedoed the bill and nothing has been said about the bill since. If abortions are banned on a federal level, this sickening study would not be taking place.
The study is currently under way at the Kapiolani Medical Center in Honolulu, led by Bliss Kaneshiro and Kate Whitehouse. The center does not mention they do abortions on their website nor does it mention they are housing this study and aborting possibly viable babies.
The first EPICure study in the United Kingdom recorded 4,001 babies born between 22 to 25 weeks six days and found: “311 babies survived and were eventually discharged, including two babies born at 22 weeks, six at 23 weeks, 100 at 24 weeks and 186 babies at 25.” The link shows beautiful photos of these little ones, undeniably in human form.
Babies of the same age will not be given the chance at life because of this horrific “research” in Hawaii.
The University of Hawaii needs to stop this study immediately. They are recruiting children to abort their own children in late-term abortions, a very risky procedure that ends the life of at least one person involved.
If the government is funding this study, that cash flow should be immediately cut off as government funds are forbidden from paying for abortions. There are other ways to test the ability of a specific drug to stop hemorrhaging than taking the life of an innocent child and putting its mother at risk for possibly severe physical, mental and emotional complications.
Starbucks won't pay back barista tips Schultz tells workers that he plans to fight court order
Thousands of Starbucks employees got a personal message from their upset boss, who said the company was being "grossly mischaracterized" in the media over a recent tip pool controversy that could cost the company more than $100 million.
Chairman and Chief Executive Howard Schultz, in a voice-mail message to employees Wednesday night, called last week's ruling by a California judge "extremely unfair and beyond reason" and said he wanted employees to know the truth.
"I want to personally let you know that we would never condone any type of behavior that would lead anyone to conclude that we would take money from our people," he said.
In a separate statement, the company also said, "Contrary to some reports, Starbucks has not taken money from any of its partners, and nor is there money to be refunded or returned from Starbucks." A spokeswoman said Thursday that Starbucks Corp. has no intention of ending the practice of sharing tips among baristas and shift supervisors in California while it seeks an injunction.
San Diego Superior Court Judge Patricia Cowett, in her ruling last week, said there was "uncontroverted testimony that Starbucks continues to utilize the distribution of tips from the tip pool to compensate shift supervisors as well as baristas." Cowett ordered Starbucks to pay thousands of California baristas $86.7 million plus interest for breaking the law.
Cowett ruled that Starbucks had illegally forced baristas to share tips with shift supervisors, and the judgment could rise to nearly $106 million. The judge found Starbucks violated California law because "agents" of the company, or, in this case, shift supervisors, were sharing tips with baristas. Similar lawsuits were filed this week in Massachusetts and Minnesota, with threats of more suits in other states, including Washington.
In Washington, the Department of Labor and Industries doesn't regulate tips except to make sure they aren't used to offset the state minimum wage.
Earlier this month, Starbucks agreed to pay an undisclosed amount to about 350 assistant managers who claimed in a federal case in Houston that they were forced to work off the clock. The company, which is in the middle of a turnaround effort, faces similar workplace lawsuits in California and Florida.
Meanwhile, a hearing is set for May 1 before Cowett on how the California tip money should be distributed.
At all 7,087 Starbucks' company-owned U.S. stores, patrons can leave tips in a jar, and the money is pooled at the end of each week. The shift supervisor and baristas then divide those tips based on the number of hours worked.
Stacey Krum, a Starbucks spokeswoman, said the company is not involved in distributing the tips. That is left up to the employees.
David Lowe, an attorney for the baristas, said during the trial it was disclosed that a shift supervisor has direction over baristas and that California law specifically says a supervisor who directs others can't take part in tip pools.
"They are saying the press is mischaracterizing this, but the verdict says the plaintiff class was entitled to restitution," Lowe said. "To me, this is fairly obvious. They seem to want to make it a bigger story."
Lowe added that Starbucks is just being defiant, and the company has an attitude that "they are just above the law."
When asked why the company continues to share tips with shift supervisors in California despite the court order, Krum said it's because Starbucks is appealing the ruling.
A. Eric Aguilera, another attorney for the baristas, said he found Starbucks' statement about not refunding money puzzling.
"The court has ordered to refund more than $100 million," Aguilera said. "I don't know what they are doing. ... It's clear from the beginning they broke the law, and all they can say is, 'Judge, it's not fair.' "
Krum said the statement and comments from Schultz were intended to provide clarification on an issue that has gained widespread notoriety and has become a hot topic among employees.
The company on Thursday issued a transcript of Schultz's phone message after it released another statement on the tip pool issue Wednesday evening. Schultz last Friday also sent a letter to employees saying the company didn't intend to change its tipping policy.
Schultz, in his voice mail message, said the company had been "grossly mischaracterized" in the media. He didn't specify any news organizations.
"When I read these headlines about Starbucks skimming or stealing from our partners it's just beyond my comprehension how irresponsible it is," Schultz told the employees.
Schultz, who regained control as chief executive of the Seattle coffee giant earlier this year, also complained about media coverage of Starbucks when reporters a year ago began documenting the company's stock slide. And Schultz last year created a firestorm when a Valentine's Day memo was leaked in which he wrote about the "watering down of the Starbucks experience."
The company's stock has lost more than 44 percent in the past 12 months as the company has faced challenges from a sluggish economy and rising dairy costs. Shares closed Thursday at $17.62.
Schultz ended his voice-mail message by saying, "Hopefully we will get through this in a way in which the truth will win out."
Patricia Edwards, a retail analyst with Wentworth, Hauser & Violich, said the controversy shouldn't hurt Starbucks because it historically has had a good relationship with its employees.
"One incident does not a reputation make, but multiple incidences are a different story," Edwards said. "It's a matter of how they deal with it. The ball is in Starbucks' court, or the tip is in their jar, as the case may be."
A choose-your-own-adventure style book is a natural addition to the zombie genre, but Zombocalypse Now is a surprisingly zany entry. Starring a snarky, chainsmoking stuffed bunny, the book pits you against mobsters, toothpaste executives, and zombified zoo animals.
When I first heard about Matt Youngmark's Chooseomatic book, I fully expected I'd get a fairly straightforward (perhaps even perfunctory) take on the zombie apocalypse where the only twist was the multithreaded, Choose Your Own Adventure-inspired storytelling layered over it. It's something we've seen before; last year, a pair of designers released a choose-your-own-ending film, The Outbreak, with a similar premise. But I was pleasantly surprised when the book arrived and I found a pink, chainsaw-wielding bunny on the cover and a note inside warning me to avoid the zombie kitten.
Advertisement
Zombocalypse Now doesn't just feature a pink stuffed rabbit; you are the pink stuffed rabbit, living in a world where stuffed animals walk, talk, and intermarry with the human population. As the book opens, you are waiting on what is sure to be another atrocious online date. And sure enough, when he or she shows up, they're disheveled, glassy-eyed, lacking in hygiene, and mumbling something about brains. You've been on so many bad dates that it takes you a while to figure out that they're undead, but soon enough, you're up to your fuzzy elbows in the walking dead.
From here there are, of course, multiple paths your bunny self could take from here. You could tag along with a renegade cop named Mittens (who, despite the name, is not a stuffed animal). You could visit your conspiracy theorist friend Ernie, who is convinced that the walking dead are powered by fluoride in the water. You could try to strike out on your own and bash in as many zombie brains as you possibly can. You just hope that the choices you make lead to your ultimate survival.
Advertisement
Spoiler alert: you usually end up zombie chow.
To get the full effect of Zombocalypse Now, you have to read through several of the plotlines. Some are, admittedly, stronger than others (there's an oddly rushed one where you go all I Am Legend and start experimenting on the zombies), but taken together, the stories do form a cohesive narrative, and the logic from one plotline still holds true in the others. For example, in several storylines, the zombies are unusually attracted to your car (as in licking the windshields), and in one of threads, we learn exactly why. The chilling and rather amusing cause behind the zombie outbreak is also key; you learn about it in certain storylines, but it plays a significant role in others — including one ending where you mistakenly believe you've survived.
Youngmark packs a lot of strange odds and ends into his zombie adventure, and cherrypicks references from a wide variety of genres: mob movies, cop dramas, the works of Stephen King, and The Postman, to name a few. There's even a moment where you let out the battle cry "Leeeeeeroy Jenkins!" The effect is over-the-top silliness, like someone set a particularly manic children's book in the midst of a zombie outbreak. Sure, it's a bit on the fluffy side, but I found myself eagerly flipping back to try out different plotlines — at first to see if I could survive, then to root out some of the book's more bizarre twists and turns. It's a satisfying way to spend a couple hours here and there, even if you do die most of the time.
Advertisement
And do watch out for that zombie kitten. It's a killer.
Ouch Maps: Let People Know Where You Hurt
Ever had a co-worker give you a well-meaning slap on the back right where you got sunburned the day before? Or your spouse put their arm around you and unknowingly squeeze right on your huge bruise from last weekend's bike crash? Don't you think it would be great if we could stop this madness?
Me too. That's why I created Ouch Maps on Tuesday. Ouch Maps are more than just a hastily-drawn pen sketch made on a moving train. Ouch Maps help communicate to loved ones, kids, co-workers and friends exactly where you hurt. It's easy. Simply:
Print off the below template Fill in the blank with body parts you don't want anyone to touch use a red pen or crayon to illustrate the location of where you hurt Hang it on your kitchen refrigerator, office door, or cubicle wall, to let everyone know
Scroll down for some examples of how to use Ouch Maps.
EXAMPLES:
Bicycling:
Bicycle Crash:
Bouldering and/or Sport Climbing:
Crack Climbing, Finger/Hand/Fist Cracks:
Crack Climbing, Offwidth:
Snowboarding, Beginner:
Ultrarunning:
Backpacking:
Diarrhea, Wilderness-Acquired or Traveler's:
-Brendan
Liked it? Take a second to support Semi-Rad.com on Patreon:
ADVERTISEMENT
It is time to repeal our drunk driving laws, says Radley Balko at Reason. They don't make our roads any safer. In fact, after the 2000 federal law pressuring states to lower their blood-alcohol content (BAC) levels defining drunkenness behind the wheel to 0.08 percent, "alcohol-related traffic fatalities increased." We shouldn't have been surprised. Most people with that level of alcohol in their bloodstream "don't drive erratically enough to be noticed by police officers in patrol cars," so police have to set up roadblocks to catch them. The trouble is, every cop who spends hours delaying innocent motorists in the hope of nabbing a few who are tipsy is a cop who isn't on the highways looking for drivers who are truly dangerous. Here, an excerpt:
The threat posed by drunk driving comes not from drinking per se but from the impairment drinking can cause. That fact has been lost in the rush to demonize people who have even a single drink before getting behind the wheel (exemplified by the shift in the government's message from "Don't Drive Drunk" to "Don't Drink and Drive"). Several studies have found that talking on a cell phone, even with a hands-free device, causes more driver impairment than a 0.08 BAC. A 2001 American Automobile Association study found several other in-car distractions that also caused more impairment, including eating, adjusting a radio or CD player, and having kids in the backseat...
If our ultimate goals are to reduce driver impairment and maximize highway safety, we should be punishing reckless driving. It shouldn't matter if it's caused by alcohol, sleep deprivation, prescription medication, text messaging, or road rage. ... Singling out alcohol impairment for extra punishment isn't about making the roads safer. It's about a lingering hostility toward demon rum.
Read the full article at Reason.
The Coleman and Franken campaigns traded shots Monday as counties completed the process of certifying their vote tallies and officials prepared to start recounting nearly 3 million ballots in the U.S. Senate race.
Six days after the election, unofficial results showed Republican Sen. Norm Coleman leading Democratic challenger Al Franken by 206 votes, a difference of about 1/100th of 1 percent that sets the stage for the automatic hand recount that will begin next week.
Monday was the deadline for counties to certify their results. Depending on the unknown number that may not have yet reported them to the state, that 206 figure could still change before the state Canvassing Board meets next week to certify the official total. Only then will the recount begin.
Officials with Hennepin County forwarded their tally Monday to the secretary of state's office, showing that, since initial results Wednesday, Franken's total had increased by 55 votes and Coleman's by 27 in the state's largest county.
Adjustments in the vote tallies because of misplaced figures and other errors have been limited to 22 of the state's 87 counties, according to an analysis of the fluctuations from Wednesday to Monday.
Since the preliminary Election Day numbers, Franken's biggest gains were in Lake County, where he added 246 votes, and in Pine and St. Louis counties, where he picked up 100 in each.
Coleman's biggest gain was in Ramsey County, 29 votes, but that was more than canceled out by an additional 41 votes there for Franken. Coleman's biggest drop was 124 votes in Anoka County, where Franken also lost 90 votes.
Meanwhile, both campaigns spent much of the day fencing over exactly how to secure the ballots that will be recounted and possibly laying the groundwork for further legal challenges.
Last season's Hard Knocks brought us Vince Wilfork showin' off that bod underneath some overalls, Brian Cushing chucking, and a solid Macho Man impression. The latest team to bring us training camp fights, barfs, and hopefully those two at the same time could be the New Orleans Saints. According to a report from Pro Football Talk, New Orleans is getting ready to be on the show this year.
Per a league source, the Saints are bracing for the possibility of the league tapping them on the shoulder and directing them to be the subject of the annual Hard Knocks series.
As PFT notes, there are only seven teams that are eligible to be forced onto Hard Knocks by the NFL: the Bills, Saints, Chargers, Rams, Raiders, Jaguars, and Bears. Everyone else either has a new coach, has made the playoffs in one of the last two seasons, or has been on the show in the last ten years. Sean Payton is reportedly near an extension to remain in charge of the team, and despite his objections to the show's overdramatization, he won't have a choice in the matter.
But even he would have to admit that it'd be funny to watch Cameron Jordan replicate Wilfork's overalls gag.
Photo via Getty
FEELING a little less mentally quick than you did a few years ago? Maybe you are among the many people who do “brain exercises” like sudoku to slow the cognitive decline associated with aging. We've got a better suggestion.
Computer programs to improve brain performance are a booming business. In the United States, consumers are expected to spend $80 million this year on brain exercise products, up from $2 million in 2005. Advertising for these products often emphasizes the claim that they are designed by scientists or based on scientific research. To be charitable, we might call them inspired by science — not to be confused with actually proven by science.
Environmental enrichment does improve mental function in laboratory animals. Rodents and monkeys that get playmates or toys learn to complete a variety of tasks more easily, at all ages. They also have larger brains, larger brain cells and more synaptic connections than animals raised alone in standard cages. But here's the rub: standard laboratory environments are tremendously boring. Lab animals rarely need to search for food or avoid predators. In contrast, most of us get plenty of everyday stimulation in activities like finding a new address, socializing with friends or navigating the treacherous currents of office politics. Animal enrichment research may be telling us something important not about the positive effects of stimulation, but about reversing the negative effects of deprivation.
Another line of evidence cited by marketers comes from studies of elderly people who improve certain skills by practicing a challenging computer-based task. Although most programs work to some extent, the gains tend to be specific to the trained task.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
That is, practice can certainly make people better at sudoku puzzles or help them remember lists more accurately. The improvement can even last for years. Similarly, people tend to retain skills and knowledge they learned thoroughly when they were younger. Unless the activities span a broad spectrum of abilities, though, there seems to be no benefit to general mental fitness.
Photo
For people whose work is unstimulating, having mentally challenging hobbies, like learning a new language or playing bridge, can help maintain cognitive performance. But the belief that any single brain exercise program late in life can act as a quick fix for general mental function is almost entirely faith-based.
A three-member team of the National Commission for Women (NCW) visited the riot-affected areas of Dhulagarh in Howrah district today. The team, led by NCW member Sushma Sahu, arrived there at around midday and went around the place for nearly three hours, talking to people and taking stock of the situation. Later they also met the commissioner of police of the Howrah Commissionerate.
Accompanying the team was Colonel Diptangshu Choudhury who had filed a petition at the NCW against which the team visited there today. “We had visited areas inhabited by both the Hindus and Muslims. We found out that there was also a complaint of a gang rape which was swept under the carpet,” he told DNA.
Criticising the West Bengal government he said that that state government had tried to remove all the tell-tale evidences of arson and loot. “Window panes of the houses burnt have been replaced and the walls have been given a whitewash,” he said.
Among other places of Dhulagarh, they also visited Annapurna Club from where the communal riot sparked off on December 13 when members of the minority community were taking out a religious procession which was objected to by the members of the other community.
“We will file a report to the Union home ministry and the PMO after we return,” Sahu told DNA.
It was found out that a team of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) would be visiting the area next week and the Union Home Ministry would also send a team of National Investigation Agency (NIA) to visit the vandalised houses of Dhulagarh.
The commissioner of Howrah Police Commissionerate is likely to be summoned by the NCW next week.
Anyone who's followed Dan Rather's personal Facebook account knows that he's quick to speak his mind on matters of both government policy and journalistic integrity. Now, after a turbulent eleven days into Donald Trump's presidency, he's compelled to meet a bigger demand for his sensibilities.
So he's created News and Guts, a Facebook page that serves as a hand-curated feed of news stories reported responsibly and fairly that he feels both important enough and suitable enough to share. The page bears the same name as Rather's media production company, which was also created to promote stories and issues evenly and fairly in a time when such avenues appear to be in short supply.
Given several of the publications Rather draws from (The Washington Post and The New York Times especially) it's unlikely News and Guts will have much crossover appeal to Republicans and conservatives, but short of that ability, it may keep people of all affiliations from falling prey to sharing the same type of biased reports that many have taken each other to task over.
The page's description reads:
Dan Rather has created a media company that promotes his vision of real journalism, news of integrity and as he would say a “play no favorites, pull no punches” brand of reporting. News with guts. In these turbulent times, we seek nothing more than the truth.
News and Guts might not be the salvation that many hope for, but it does serve as a mechanism to vet news stories by a lauded and career reporter, which is more than can be said of many (most?) other stories that populate Facebook newsfeeds in these times.
Judging by its quick adoption by many (933,000 since its recent launch), people are hungry for news they can trust, even if it's not news they like.
I've been reporting information that casts doubt on the official police story of what supposedly happened outside the Waco restaurant Twin Peaks back in May—a mad biker gun-firing melee shut down by brave cops—for months now.
A reporter from GQ who got to spend some face to face time down in the area with eyewitnesses tells pretty much the same story that seems likely to me: a situation where at best a shot or two from biker on biker led to a brutal police massacre of the innocent—9 dead, 18 wounded (GQ reports 20, but on the day of the event the reported wounded was 18)—followed by face-saving illegitimate arrests of 177.
Excerpts with comments, after reporter Nathaniel Penn delivers some interesting scene-setting explaining the background of the feuds and conflicts between area biker clubs the Bandidos and the Cossacks that likely at least began the violence outside a politically-oriented multi-club biker meeting, the Confederation of Clubs and Independents:
The police were already there as the rest of the clubs arrived that morning. “They're circling like buzzards on a dead deer,” one biker told me. “I look at the people I was riding with, and I said, ‘This doesn't look right.' ” Afterward, said the Cossacks' John Wilson, “a Waco spokesman was touting the quick 40-second response time of the police, when that was obviously false. They were here.” The bikers believe this provides a clue to the Waco P.D.'s ongoing silence: The cops know their response was overzealous, possibly unlawful, and now they're covering it up. Some bikers believe there's an even more sinister explanation: that a firefight of some kind was supposed to happen—that it was all part of a plan by the Waco P.D. to provoke bitter rivals into a public brawl that could be violently crushed and then used as a basis for sweeping RICO indictments..... Wilson: I didn't see who fired the first shot. I was told it was a Bandido firing into the ground, trying to break up a fistfight.... Anonymous motorcycle-club member: We heard a pop. Then a few more pops. Your feet start to act. There's pops from the rear, from the front, on the far side. It's like being in a war zone. Anonymous Cossack #2: I heard projectiles zinging past me, but I didn't hear no gun going off. It was either a silenced weapon or a very suppressed weapon in the distance. I've never been so scared in my life.... Anonymous motorcycle-club member: Now, the first two or three pops—me and half my crew being ex-military, we know what small-arms fire from pistols sounds like. We also know what squad automatic weapons [typically used by the military and law enforcement] sound like. After the third pop, it was nothing but squad automatic weapons....
The police showed little care for the victims:
Wilson: Not a single law-enforcement person lifted a finger to help any of the wounded. And they made it pretty clear that they were going to be violent if we tried to take our guys to the ambulance. Three men were bleeding out before our eyes. If those men were still alive 30, 40 minutes after being shot, they could have been saved. A prospect named Trainer from out of Tarrant County chapter was shot. They zip-tied him and laid him on the ground next to a Bandido they had handcuffed. I noticed him jerk a few times, laying there. We were sitting there, 30 feet from him, and weren't able to help him. About two hours later, somebody walked over, looked at him, and covered him with a yellow sheet.
The official police narrative quickly became that this was an entire gathering of organized criminals who were wildly killing each other and shooting at cops, and the arrest of so many people there was buttressed with initial one million bonds set for everyone. And likely in order to justify that crazy, and soon reversed, decision:
The Texas Department of Public Safety did its part to ramp up hysteria, leaking a “confidential bulletin” to CNN alleging that Bandidos in active military service were arming their chapters with grenades and C4 explosives so that they could retaliate against the police. One of the DPS's sources was a club called the Black Widows, which does not exist except in the 1978 movie Every Which Way But Loose. In response, one biker blog jeered: “Waco Police Now Claim They Are Being Attacked by Clint Eastwood and An Orangutan Named Clyde.”
Some on the scene claim that some supposed Cossacks were in fact undercover cops who even took off their club colors and began behaving as police in the middle of the chaos.
According to Waco police chief Brent Stroman, only three of his 16 officers discharged their weapons, firing a total of 12 rounds. But eyewitnesses dispute that figure, as does the owner of the adjacent Don Carlos restaurant, who has claimed that “thousands of bullet rounds” were fired. Could it be that the department's numbers don't include shots from its undercover officers? And if the bikers were firing at police, as alleged, why hasn't the Waco P.D. released any hard evidence to prove it? “Harried handgun fights are usually a pretty inaccurate situation,” says Cossacks chapter president John Wilson. “Headshots happen by mistake, if at all. Someone got lucky. To have that many guys hit with torso shots and headshots—in my experience, I would say that indicates you had trained people with long rifles and optical sights. That's accurate, aimed fire.” A rival Bandido, who declined to be named, reached the same conclusion: “Seven of the nine [dead] were headshots or chest shots. Who trains for that? Who?”
The rest of the story is about the level of stress the mass arrests put on the Waco jail and court system, and how many of the likely completely innocent men had their professional lives ruined by being locked up for weeks on suspicion of being part of mass murder.
Anonymous motorcycle-club member: When you get out of jail after being gone for 30 days, you don't have a job anymore. I got fired. Nobody wants to hire an electrician with a class 1 felony charge pending above his head.
There is a chance for real justice for the likely illegitimately arrested:
“The city of Waco is looking at paying out hundreds of millions of dollars,” says Michael White, Wilson's attorney. “I don't think we've ever seen something on the scale of 175-plus people being arrested for something they did not do.” To survive the storm, the city's legal strategy seems to be to pressure the Waco 177 into pleading guilty to minor infractions for time served; this would preclude the bikers from being able to sue for wrongful imprisonment.
Of course, the bad cliches about small town justice hang over the scene;
"Truth is like a lizard; it leaves its tail in your fingers and runs away knowing full well that it will grow a new one in a twinkling."
-- Ivan Turgenev to Leo Tolstoy
What follows is an excerpt from 'Trust Me I'm Lying: Confessions of a Media Manipulator,' a book where I expose exactly how blogs and marketers conspire to manufacture, distort and exaggerate the news for their own benefit. Here's how to recognize media manipulation and how to protect yourself.
When you see a blog being with "According to a tipster... ," know that the tipster was someone like me tricking the blogger into writing what I wanted.
When you see "We're hearing reports," know that reports could mean anything from random mentions on Twitter to message board posts, or worse.
When you see "leaked" or "official documents," know that the leak really meant someone just emailed a blogger, and that the documents are almost certainly not official and are usually fake or fabricated for the purpose of making desired information public.
When you see "breaking" or "We'll have more details as the story develops," know that what you're reading reached you too soon. There was no wait-and-see, no attempt at confirmation, no internal debate over whether the importance of the story necessitated abandoning caution. The protocol is going to press early, publishing before the basics facts are confirmed, and not caring whether it causes problem for people.
When you see "Updated" on a story or article, know that no one actually bothered to rework the story in light of the new facts -- they just copied and pasted some shit at the bottom of the
article.
When you see "Sources tell us... ," know that these sources are not vetted, they are rarely corroborated, and they are desperate for attention.
When you see a story tagged with "exclusive," know that it means the blog and the source worked out an arrangement that included favorable coverage. Know that in many cases the source gave this exclusive to multiple sites at the same time or that the site is just taking ownership of a story they stole from a lesser-known site.
When you see "said in a press release," know that it probably wasn't even actually a release the company paid to officially put out over the wire. They just spammed a bunch of blogs and journalists via email.
When you see "According to a report by," know that the writer summarizing this report from another outlet has but the basest abilities in reading comprehension, little time to spend doing it, and every incentive to simplify and exaggerate.
When you see "We've reached out to So-and-So for comment," know that they sent an email two minutes before hitting "publish" at 4:00 a.m., long after they'd written the story and closed their mind, making absolutely no effort to get to the truth before passing it off to you as the news.
When you see an attributed quote or a "said So-and-So," know that the blogger didn't actually talk to that person but probably just stole the quote from somewhere else, and per the rules of the link economy, they can claim it as their own so long as there is a tiny link to the original buried in the post somewhere.
When you see "which means" or "meaning that" or "will result in" or any other kind of interpretation or analysis, know that the blogger who did it likely have absolutely zero training or expertise in the field they are opining about. Nor did they have the time or motivation to learn. Nor do they mind being wildly, wildly off the mark, because there aren't any consequences.
When you hear a friend say in conversation "I was reading that... ," know that today the sad fact is that they probably just glanced at something on a blog.
Relying on Abandoned Shells
The process for finding, creating, and consuming information has fundamentally changed with the advent of the web and the rise of blogging. However, the standards for what constitutes news are different, the vigor with which such information is vetted is different, the tone with which this news is conveyed is different, and the longevity of its value is different. Yet, almost without exception, the words we use to describe the news and the importance readers place on them remains the same.
In a world of no context and no standard, the connotations of the past retain their power, even if those things are fractions of what they once were. Blogs, to paraphrase Kierkegaard, left everything standing but cunningly emptied them of significance.
Words like 'developing,' 'exclusive,' and 'sources' are incongruent with our long-held assumptions about what they mean or what's behind them. Bloggers use these "substance words" (like Wikipedia's weasel words) to give status to their flimsy stories. They use the language of Woodward and Bernstein but apply it to a media world that would make even Hearst queasy. They us what George W. S. Trow called "abandoned shells."
Why does this matter? We've been taught to believe what we read. That where there is smoke there must be fire, and that if someone takes the time to write down and publish something, they believe in what they are saying. The wisdom behind those beliefs is no longer true, yet the public marches on, armed with rules of thumb that make them targets for manipulation rather than protection.
I have taken advantage of that naïveté. And I'm not even the worst of the bunch. I'm no different than everyone else; I too am constantly tricked -- by bloggers, by publishers, by politicians, and by marketers. I'm even tricked by my own monstrous creations.
The Age of No Authorities
And so fictions pass as realities. Everyone is selling and conning, and we hardly even know it. Our emotions are being triggered by simulations -- unintentional or deliberate misrepresentations -- of cues we've been taught were important. We read some story and it feels important, believing that the news is real and the principles of reporting took place, but it's not.
Picture a movie poster for an independent film that wants to be received as artistic and deep. It probably features the laurel leaves icon -- for awards like "Best Picture," "Critic's Choice," or "Official Selection." These markers originally symbolized a handful of important film festivals. Then it became important for every city, even neighborhoods inside cities, to have their own film festival. There also the significant differences in the "winners" and the few dozen or even hundreds of "selections." The use of the festival laurels is to conjure up the implicit value associated with scarcity for the viewer despite the enormous gap between the connotation and the reality.
The laurel leaf illusion is a metaphor for the web. It underpins everything from the link economy -- a link looks like a citation, yet it is not -- to headlines that bait our clicks. It's why trading up the chain works and it's the reason why you could get your name in the press tomorrow through HARO.
What these people are trying to do is to find some, any, stamp of approval or signal of credibility. Blogs have a few minutes to write their posts, few resources, and little support, but because of the One-Off Problem they need to be heard over thousands of other sites. They desperately need something that says "this is not like those other things" even though it is. So they make up differentiators and misuse old ones.
"In the age of no-authority" wrote Trow, "these are the authorities."
We live in a media world that desperately needs context and authority but can't find any because we destroyed the old markers and haven't created reliable new ones. As a result, we couch new things in old terms that are really just husks of what they once were. Skepticism will never be enough to combat this. Not even enough to be a starting point.
It is now almost cliché for people to say, "if the news is important, it will find me." This belief itself relies on abandoned shells. It depends on the assumption that the important news will break through the noise while the trivial will be lost. It could not be more wrong. As I discovered in my media manipulations, the information that finds us online -- what spreads -- is the worst kind. It raised itself above the din not through its value, importance, or accuracy but through the opposite, through slickness, titillation, and polarity.
I made a lot of money and had a great time playing with the words that make up the news. I exploited the laziness behind the news and people's reading habits. But from the abuse of abandoned shells came another one.
Our knowledge and understanding is the final empty, hollow shell. What we think we know turns out to be based on nothing, or worse than nothing -- misdirection and embellishment. Our facts aren't fact, they are opinions dressed up like facts. Our opinions aren't opinions; they are emotions that feel like opinions. Our information isn't information; it's just hastily assembled symbols.
PEOPLE who decided to ignore ‘the so-called experts' have conceded that they did in fact have useful knowledge.
Britons with various chronic health problems and injuries have reluctantly admitted that doctors and scientists are not just trying to stop everyone having fun.
Sales manager Roy Hobbs said: “The so-called experts are always telling you things are bad for you, and my recent lengthy spell in hospital suggests they were 100 per cent right about sausages fried in butter.
“They might be right about smoking too, so I'm going to look into that instead of staking my health on anecdotes about grandads who smoked 80 Capstans a day and lived to 105.”
Administrator Nikki Hollis said: “I'd always assumed experts just liked sounding important or were being bribed by big companies.
“However that advice about leaving a safe distance between you and the car in front turned out to be correct. I'll definitely be telling my friends once the concussion's worn off.”
The public is now gradually accepting that experts may have valid opinions on other subjects, such as homeopathy, angels and swimming far out to sea.
Van driver Martin Bishop said: “There's only one sort of experts I trust and that's UFO experts. Finding out all that highly classified government information takes a lot of work and you have to respect that.”
COLUMBIA, S.C. -- South Carolina coach Will Muschamp apologized to Kentucky coach Mark Stoops for the Gamecocks captains' not shaking hands with their Wildcats counterparts during the opening coin toss on Saturday.
Muschamp emphasized Sunday that his team will always shake hands and act with sportsmanship, no matter the circumstances. Muschamp said he did not learn about the snub until Sunday morning.
Stoops and Kentucky players said the omission added fuel to the fire they used to win their fourth straight over the Gamecocks 23-13 on Saturday night.
Wildcats quarterback Stephen Johnson said in postgame comments that not shaking hands was a "stupid" choice from the Gamecocks because it only motivated him more. Johnson's 54-yard scramble in the fourth quarter helped seal the win for Kentucky, which opened 3-0 for the first time since 2010.
Of the 54 Blue Dogs, six retired or ran for other offices. All six seats were won by Republicans. Of the remaining 48 seats where the incumbent Blue Dog was running, 24 of them won and 23 lost. One seat, Ben Chandler in KY-06, is still undecided. The net result of this drubbing is that the Democratic caucus will move to the left since the remaining Democrats are freed of at least 29 pesky Blue Dogs. Of course, the Republican caucus will move sharply to the right due to the addition of many tea party candidates. Everybody is itching for a fight, so despite everybody's pro-forma promise to work together for the good of the country, the 112th House is going to be extremely fractious and is likely to accomplish nothing. Scott is Elected Governor of Florida Permalink Despite his company being convicted of 14 felony counts of defrauding Medicare and being fined half a billion dollars for it, Rick Scott (R) won a narrow victory over Alex Sink and has been elected governor of Florida. Several other gubernatorial races are still undecided though. These include Oregon (although some sources are predicting that Democrat John Kitzhaber will win), Connecticut, Illinois, and Minnesota. Vermont was also very close, but Democrat Peter Shumlin as apparently one that won. Recounts are likely to be needed in some, or all, of these states. The people of Minnesota are probably not looking forward to the recount process since they have some recent experience with the process. Lessons Learned Permalink Elections are teaching and learning moments. Only not everyone learns the same things. Here are some lessons one could draw from this election. High office can be bought. While Meg Whitman spent $150 million of her own money and came up empty, that was largely because she was taken down by her illegal maid in the final weeks of the campaign. Had she not hired an illegal alien, she might well have been able to buy the governorship as Jerry Brown (D) did not run an especially distinguished campaign. The poster child for buying a governorship however, is Rick Scott. Despite a fairly sordid past, perpetrating the biggest Medicare fraud in history, he so thoroughly blanketed the airwaves with ads attacking his opponent that he won. Ron Johnson, another millionaire with no political experience managed to buy himself a Senate seat in Wisconsin. It doesn't always work, though. Millionaires Linda McMahon and John Raese failed in Connecticut and West Virginia, respectively, but surely future millionaires who can part with $50-100 million are going to be encouraged by this election.
While Meg Whitman spent $150 million of her own money and came up empty, that was largely because she was taken down by her illegal maid in the final weeks of the campaign. Had she not hired an illegal alien, she might well have been able to buy the governorship as Jerry Brown (D) did not run an especially distinguished campaign. The poster child for buying a governorship however, is Rick Scott. Despite a fairly sordid past, perpetrating the biggest Medicare fraud in history, he so thoroughly blanketed the airwaves with ads attacking his opponent that he won. Ron Johnson, another millionaire with no political experience managed to buy himself a Senate seat in Wisconsin. It doesn't always work, though. Millionaires Linda McMahon and John Raese failed in Connecticut and West Virginia, respectively, but surely future millionaires who can part with $50-100 million are going to be encouraged by this election. You Don't Have to Accept Defeat. Lisa Murkowski lost her primary but simply continued her campaign as a write-in candidate. She may win yet as "write-in" got more votes than the Democrat or Republican, but it remains to be seen who was written in. In the future, other losing candidates are likely to refuse to accept the verdict of the voters and keep on campaigning, as Murkowski did.
Lisa Murkowski lost her primary but simply continued her campaign as a write-in candidate. She may win yet as "write-in" got more votes than the Democrat or Republican, but it remains to be seen who was written in. In the future, other losing candidates are likely to refuse to accept the verdict of the voters and keep on campaigning, as Murkowski did. Framing matters. The Republicans managed to cast this election as the country's last ditch effort to stop socialism. The Democrats passed a huge tax cut as part of the stimulus bill but that never brought the subject up. They could have campaigned as the party that cut taxes for the middle class. But they allowed the Republicans to set the frame, which resulted in disaster for them.
The Republicans managed to cast this election as the country's last ditch effort to stop socialism. The Democrats passed a huge tax cut as part of the stimulus bill but that never brought the subject up. They could have campaigned as the party that cut taxes for the middle class. But they allowed the Republicans to set the frame, which resulted in disaster for them. Sticking together works. In January 2009, the Republicans were down in the dumps. The Democrats had just captured the White House and had huge majorities in both chambers of Congress. Furthermore they had no new ideas to rally the troops. It looked hopeless. But they stuck together, with nary a dissenter, opposing everything Obama did. They operated as a monolithic block just saying no to everything. And it worked. They were rewarded with huge gains in the Senate and House. Compare that to 2000, when the Republicans controlled the White House and had far smaller majorities in the Senate and House. It was every Democrat for himself. As a result, President Bush got pretty much everything he wanted. If the Democrats had filibustered every bill that came up in the Senate, the Bush administration would have been wildly different. Rasmussen Was Biased Permalink Statistician Nate Silver did an analysis of the polls from Rasmussen Reports (and its low-budget subsidiary Pulse) and concluded that 70-75% of the final 21 days' of polls overestimated the Republicans' performance, by an average of 3 to 4 points. Our earlier analysis showed the same thing, which is why we ran an alternative "Rasmussen-free" main page every day, to show what the state of affairs was if all Rasmussen and Pulse polls were ignored.
If you like this Website, tell your friends. You can also share by clicking this button -- The Votemaster
Your donation is greatly appreciated. It will buy ads to publicize the site.
Michael James Whitelock has been sentenced to four and a half years jail for animal cruelty offences.
A dairy worker has been handed what is believed to be New Zealand's longest-ever prison sentence for animal cruelty, after cows were beaten, had their tails broken and were shot in the kneecaps on a farm he managed.
Michael James Whitelock was sentenced in the Greymouth District Court on Wednesday to four and a half years jail and banned from owning animals for 10 years.
He had earlier pleaded guilty to 12 charges, including ill treatment of animals, unlawful possession of firearms and attempting to pervert the course of justice.
The Ministry for Primary Industries (MPI) welcomed the sentence.
"This was one of the worst cases of cruelty MPI has dealt with," animal welfare manager Peter Hyde said.
"We take this sort of offending very seriously and the sentence indicates that the court clearly does too."
The sentence is believed to be the New Zealand's largest for animal cruelty. The next biggest was the two years and one month jail term handed down to a Waikato farmer in 2013, MPI said.
Whitelock was the dairy manager on a Landcorp farm near Westport from July 2012 until his suspension in September 2013. MPI began investigating that month after a Landcorp manager arranged for a vet to examine the herd.
Of the 1100 animals, 152 cows and 57 heifers had broken tails. The vet told investigators that he had never seen the number of animals with broken tails as he found at the Totara Dairy Unit on Cape Foulwind.
Investigators found the mistreatment of animals was widespread on the farm under Whitelock's management.
One cow due to be euthanised was walked to the offal pit where Whitelock gave a single-barrel shotgun to an employee and instructed him to shoot the cow in the legs. Whitelock and three employees each fired one shot at the cow's legs before it was euthanised.
MPI said Whitelock beat another cow with a fencing baton, which resulted in a traumatic eye injury. Whitelock then tried to euthanise the animal but failed and ended up putting it in the offal pit while it was still alive.
Three other offenders have been sentenced to community detention, community work and disqualification.
No classified information was present when President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe publicly discussed a North Korean missile test at the president's Florida club, his top spokesman said Monday.
Patrons at the Mar-a-Lago club posted photos on social media of Trump, Abe and their aides scrambling in response to the launch, prompting concerns about a possible security breach.
ADVERTISEMENT
But White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Trump “was briefed in a [Secure Compartmentalized Information Facility] — a classified room — prior to dinner on the situation in North Korea.”
“Then the president was subsequently briefed again in a classified setting after the dinner before they went out and spoke,” Spicer said. “That's it.”
In photos of the two leaders speaking at their dinner table surrounded by paperwork and staff, Spicer said Trump and Abe were “reviewing logistics for the press conference” when they first addressed Pyongyang's test.
Trump and Abe decided to hold the brief news conference at the club instead of a nearby hotel, according to the spokesman.
Spicer said it's possible the contents of their remarks were discussed at the dinner table but that was not the bulk of the conversation.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
During the contentious battle to pass the Affordable Care Act, the pharmaceutical industry was a crucial partner of President Barack Obama. Big Pharma sank $150 million into an ad blitz promoting the Obamacare bill and spent millions lobbying for its passage. Backing health care reform was a no-brainer for the drug manufacturers; they stood to reap billions in revenues as a result of expanded health care coverage. Yet all of this makes one of Big Pharma's alliances highly curious: It has bankrolled the libertarian think tank trying to demolish Obamacare.
The Washington-based Competitive Enterprise Institute has been the driving force behind two high-profile anti-Obamacare lawsuits, including King v. Burwell, which will be heard by the Supreme Court in early March. CEI lawyers recruited the four plaintiffs named in King—which challenges the legality of federal insurance subsidies flowing to Americans in states that did not establish insurance exchanges—and it is funding the litigation. If the CEI-backed case prevails, more than 8 million people could lose their health coverage, premiums could skyrocket 35 percent or more, and the fledgling health care reform effort could collapse. CEI also helped launch Halbig v. Burwell, a similar case that is on hold pending the Supreme Court's decision in King.
With a roster of donors that has included major oil corporations and tobacco companies, CEI is known for its work promoting climate change skepticism and downplaying the risks of secondhand smoke. But the libertarian outfit has also often gone to bat for the pharmaceutical industry. Over the years, CEI has opposed efforts to allow Americans to import cheaper prescription drugs from abroad and criticized the Food and Drug Administration's crackdown on the industry marketing medications for non-approved uses. drugmakers, including Eli Lilly and Pfizer, have long been loyal donors to CEI, as has the industry's main trade group, PhRMA, which has made annual contributions of at least $10,000 to the think tank. But though the industry's interests have aligned with CEI's libertarian mission on certain issues, this is not the case with Obamacare. The health care law is expected to boost Big Pharma's profits, possibly from $10 billion to $35 billion over the next decade.
Yet Big Pharma has been underwriting CEI, the leader in the right-wing campaign to destroy Obamacare. Not long after the law passed in 2010, another right-leaning think tank, the American Enterprise Institute, convened a conference to discuss litigation strategies to undermine Obamacare. In attendance was CEI's then board chairman Michael Greve, who exhorted attendees: “This bastard has to be killed as a matter of political hygiene. I do not care how this is done, whether it's dismembered, whether we drive a stake through its heart, whether we tar and feather it and drive it out of town, whether we strangle it.” Three years later, lawyers paid by CEI filed King v. Burwell and Halbig v. Burwell.
The King case has been unpopular with the business community. The US Chamber of Commerce, which fiercely opposed enacting Obamacare, and other business interests have declined to back the lawsuit. Some of the biggest players in the health care industry—including America's Health Insurance Plans, the industry's main lobby, and the Hospital Corporation of America, the nation's biggest health care provider—have filed amicus briefs with the Supreme Court defending Obamcare. HCA's brief contended that the legal rationale deployed by CEI's lawyers in the King case is “absurd.” (Neither PhRMA nor any drug company has filed a brief in King.)
Even after CEI filed its anti-Obamacare lawsuits, Big Pharma continued to fund the think tank. When CEI held its annual fundraising dinner in June 2013, a month after Halbig was filed, the event's sponsors included various pharmaceutical interests, including PhRMA ($25,000), GlaxoSmithKline ($15,000), and the Generic Pharmaceutical Association ($10,000).
By funding CEI, the pharmaceutical industry is indirectly helping to bankroll CEI's anti-Obamacare crusade—and that baffles people involved in the law's passage. “From a narrow financial interest, having people thrown off the exchanges is not in [the drug manufacturers'] interest,” says Ezekiel Emanuel, a special adviser on health policy to the Office of Management and Budget during the Affordable Care Act negotiations. “They calculated very clearly how much [money] they would make as a result of the ACA.”
This was the deal Big Pharma cut during the legislative battle over Obamacare: The pharmaceutical companies agreed to support the law and accept about $80 billion in cost-cutting measures over the next decade, and the White House granted the industry lucrative concessions to protect its profit margins. These industry-favoring measures include provisions preventing the government from negotiating lower drug prices for Medicare and Medicaid and blocking Americans from importing cheaper prescription drugs from abroad. Those concessions were costly to taxpayers and consumers, but they were part of the grand bargain hammered out between the White House and Big Pharma. This accord ensured the industry would use its formidable lobbying clout to pass Obamacare—not destroy it.
At the time, Ron Pollack, the executive director of the health care reform advocacy group Families USA, worked closely with PhRMA on jointly-sponsored ads supporting Obamacare. He finds it odd that PhRMA would subsequently contribute to a conservative think tank that's trying to undo the law. “The bottom line is that PhRMA was a strong supporter for the Affordable Care Act, and put a lot of money on the line for advertising for the Affordable Care Act,” he says.
“The Competitive Enterprise Institute accepts donations from a diverse group of individuals, businesses, and foundations who support our research and educational activities,” says a spokeswoman. “CEI's research programs and positions are developed independently and are not influenced by the views of donors.”
PhRMA declined to say whether you will continue to fund CEI. “As part of our mission,” says the trade group's spokesman Robert Zirkelbach, “PhRMA often makes grants or charitable contributions to organizations that share PhRMA's goals of improving the quality of patients' lives, increasing the availability of life-saving and life-enhancing medical treatments, and supporting the discovery of new treatments and cures by pharmaceutical and biotechnology research companies.”
But at least one big drug company that donated to CEI as recently as 2013 says that it's no longer funding the think tank. A GlaxoSmithKline spokeswoman, who notes that the drugmaker has not taken a position on King v. Burwell, says, “GSK supports efforts to increase access, improve quality and reduce cost growth in the US health system and we remain committed to working with the administration and other stakeholders as the ACA is fully implemented.”
If that's the case, though, it begs the question of why Glaxo and other pharmaceutical industry outfits that pledged their support to Obamacare have simultaneously backed a group that for years has been plotting the law's destruction.
Image caption Iroha was born eight months after the earthquake and tsunami
The Saito family used to live in Haramachi-ku in Minamisouma, inside the 20-30km (15-20 mile) zone around the damaged Fukushima nuclear plant. They evacuated to Tokyo and have begun a new life there. One year on, Dai Saito reflects on 12 turbulent months.
Our family grew by one member last year, which allowed us to welcome 2012 with a feeling of renewal. At the same time, one year has passed since the earthquake and I am sad because the problems with the Fukushima nuclear power station are not over yet.
We are still living in Koto, Tokyo, in the same flat that the Tokyo metropolitan government provided for us after we evacuated from Minamisouma in May 2011. When I first came here, I was impressed by all the skyscrapers but after 10 months, I have become used to city life.
Image caption Dai Saito and daughter Yutsuki, son Sawato and daughter Iroha
Though my employment started as a part-time job, I am now working as a manager and main coach to the infant group at a futsal [indoor football] centre which opened close to our flat in July. It is sometimes hard work - every day until late - and it is not really the same as my old coaching job. But I am very happy because I have a job involving football, futsal and coaching children.
Iroha was born on 10 November 2011. The thing I am most glad about is that she is in perfectly good health, no abnormalities at birth. She was inside my wife for eight months after the Fukushima nuclear power plant accident and our biggest concern was whether she would suffer any ill-effects from the radiation.
My wife is now careful about food and is breastfeeding Iroha. We are choosing products produced in areas without serious contamination. I didn't care about these things before but we would like to do as much as we can.
No luxuries
Since Iroha was born, the whole family has been very busy. The two older children are helping us as well. My elder daughter loves Iroha and talks to her a lot. From a different perspective our family's gender balance has changed (three females to two males now), so my son and I have become much closer.
My elder daughter often goes out with her friends straight after school without doing her homework. It seems she takes after someone... My second one, my son, goes to playgroup brimming with energy every day. He has also started coming to my infant futsal school and is enjoying playing football. They have both adapted very well to the change in their environment. Perhaps they are one up on us.
Image caption Baby Iroha has been welcomed by the whole family
Though the Tokyo metropolitan government originally said they would provide housing until November 2011, they have extended our stay in the same flat until May 2013. They have done this for everybody. It worries me that the reason has not been explained, especially as one month after the original scheduled end date of our stay, in December 2011 the Japanese government announced "cold shutdown" at the nuclear plant.
In terms of money, I have work, so we can live, but we can't afford luxuries. We don't plan to go back to Minamisouma at the moment, although I wish it could be an environment in which my baby could live safely. We don't know how many years that will take. But if the nuclear issues do get solved, we could return. First and foremost, we are able to stay in this flat until May 2013, so our biggest priority is planning what happens after that.
No news
At the beginning of the year, I had a chance to go back to Minamisouma and see my mother, who is still there. I didn't have much time but I told her about Iroha's birth. She says she doesn't feel like Iroha's grandmother yet because she has never seen her. Working and living alone seem to have had an effect on her and she did not seem quite as well as before, but I am happy I saw her for a little while.
I really hope my mother will hold my baby when we go back to Minamisouma, but I was reluctant to take her there in the current situation.
Almost all my friends who evacuated after the nuclear accident have started new jobs so they won't go back. Especially those friends who have children won't go back. The people who remain in Minamisouma are mostly only there because they have to work there.
The other day, I met my one of my friends who stayed in Minamisouma. He was really angry about a blog in which a person claimed to have internal radiation effects from Minamisouma. Residents in Minamisouma are already suspicious of the gap between media reports and reality. Why do those same citizens have to twist reality again? Although I have left, I really agreed with his opinion.
These days we don't hear much news or primary information about the nuclear plant. The media don't really report the amount of radiation and state of the power station. It is still discharging polluted water. Is information about the plant only for people who are particularly worried about it or involved in it? The government publishes information about the plant but does not disclose everything. Nothing has changed.
How do I feel about the disaster now? I think the real victims are the environment and the people right next to the disaster area. Speaking for myself, I have a new family member, I got a new job, I moved home… My life, my environment completely changed because of the disaster. It not just me - I think the same happened to all the victims.
This article was produced with the assistance of Mayumi Geater.
On August 1, a hard fork of the Bitcoin blockchain created Bitcoin Cash. A fork is the split of a blockchain into two blockchains, in this case, the original Bitcoin and the new Bitcoin Cash. Learn more
Why will it take so long to get my Bitcoin Cash?
Our top priority is the safety of customer funds and we spend extensive time designing, building, testing and auditing our systems to ensure that the digital assets we support remain safe and secure.
Would I be able to buy/sell Bitcoin Cash on Coinbase?
For now, Coinbase plans on supporting bitcoin cash withdrawals. If this changes, we will notify all customers with an update e-mail.
When will I be able to withdraw Bitcoin Cash from Coinbase?
January 1, 2018
How much Bitcoin cash will I receive?
Customers with balances of bitcoin at the time of the fork now have an equal amount of bitcoin cash stored by Coinbase.
Will I still get Bitcoin Cash if I withdraw my Bitcoin from Coinbase after the fork?
Yes. You would receive an amount of bitcoin cash equal to the bitcoin you held in your Coinbase account at the time of the fork.
Can I see my Bitcoin Cash balance?
It is not currently possible to view the Bitcoin Cash balance associated with your Coinbase account.
Is Coinbase spending my money?
No. Coinbase will not spend your bitcoin cash balance. We are currently designing, building, testing and auditing our systems, to enable you to withdraw your bitcoin cash balance.
What if my buy order was in progress during the fork?
You will only receive bitcoin cash for the amount of bitcoin in your account at the time of the fork. Pending orders would not be included in this as the bitcoin would not have been available in your account at the time of the fork.
Can I send bitcoin cash to Coinbase right now?
No.
Coinbase does not yet support the Bitcoin Cash blockchain. Do not send bitcoin cash to Coinbase.
What will happen to my bitcoin ?
Your bitcoin is safe and there is no risk to your existing funds.
Rep. Paul Ryan
Rep. Paul Ryan's 2012 budget has ambitions far beyond 2012. It aims not just to set priorities for a single year, but also to wrench the country back into the black. The theory is straightforward enough: Tax cuts to wealthy Americans foster prosperity that moves millions of (less wealthy) Americans back to work, with increasing wages. High earnings and employment bolster tax revenue. When combined with huge cuts in domestic spending and radical changes to Medicaid and Medicare, the budget balances out in about 20 years.
Ryan's plan relies on economic forecasting from the Heritage Foundation's Center for Data Analysis. Unfortunately, at least for Ryan, some of its numbers have been exposed as a bit fantastical. Which raises at least two questions: How did Heritage get it wrong? And can we trust its other numbers?
There were a few improbable figures in the Heritage account of how Ryan's budget plan would affect the economy. For instance, it saw homebuilding ticking up more than 50 percent from current levels by the end of 2012—though housing is currently undergoing a double dip. There also were Pollyannaish employment projections, which the conservative think tank later adjusted. Initially, its economists forecast that without the GOP budget, unemployment would drop to 8.4 percent next year and 5.2 percent in 2021. With it, unemployment would fall to 6.4 percent in 2012 and 2.8 percent in 2021.
Immediately, economists from across the spectrum gave the accounting the smell test and called it spoiled. The 6.4 percent unemployment figure for 2012 was based on the economy adding about 1 million new jobs. But if the economy added 1 million new jobs, the unemployment rate would be about 8 percent, some protested. Or, take the claim that unemployment would hit 2.8 percent in 2021. It could,of course. The rate averaged 2.9 percent in 1953. It dropped to 1.2 percent in 1944. But short of an enormous, fate-of-the-world type ground war—heaven forbid—the Federal Reserve would never let it into the 2-percent range again. Starting in the 4 percent range, maybe higher, the Fed would tighten monetary policy to cool the economy off.
After the outcry, Heritage modified the GOP plan's unemployment numbers upward, to 7.8 percent in 2012 and 4.3 percent in 2021. “I just didn't think they were within an acceptable range,” says Bill Beach, director of Heritage's Center for Data Analysis. “It was a judgment call—so, we reissued them.”
But if the unemployment rate is higher, that presumably means lower income-tax revenue and higher government spending on programs like unemployment insurance. Wouldn't there be effects throughout the economy? Beach says it is an unusual bug of the model at use: The unemployment rate remains fairly independent from other variables. “The normal way of doing unemployment statistics or rates is to take the civilian labor force and find out the number of people who are working—then to calculate the unemployment rate from there. That's the way the BLS does it,” he says. But the Heritage model calculates it differently.
The model derives the unemployment rate from two variables: a wage-price variable (essentially, how much workers cost) and the full-employment unemployment rate (essentially, the lowest the unemployment rate can get without spurring inflation). Beach says he felt that latter variable had been set too low. He set it higher, re-ran the whole shebang, and came out with new, higher unemployment rates—with no impact on the rest of the model. Total employment, public employment, and private employment were never affected, he says.
Mark Zandi of Moody's Analytics, an eminent economic forecaster himself, says that does not make a ton of sense to him, and other economists I talked to were similarly perplexed. “In my model, if the unemployment rate were to change at all, it would have a significant impact,” says Zandi, “on wages, inflation, monetary policy, revenues, deficits, hours worked, how big the economy can be. Everything in the model is very sensitive to and depends on the unemployment rate.”
At this point it may be helpful to explain a little bit about economic modeling, that part-art, part-science process so central to economic planning. Models are essentially big math puzzles: Economists put in a whole bunch of Xs and come up with a whole bunch of Ys. First, the economist inputs variables. There are the ones she knows or wants to guess at—say, tax rates over time. And there are the ones she wants the model to figure out—say, sweater sales. Then, she describes how those variables influence or relate to one another. Our economist might say that lowering taxes 5 percent increases sweater sales 10 percent, for instance. The models allow for all sorts of complicated relationships and constraints. For example, our number-cruncher might tell her model to assume that sweater sales will fall if the weather is unusually warm or if fleece sales fall into a given range or if interest rates rise above a certain level. With everything in place, the model spits out outputs—usually ranges of numbers over time.
These economic models include a lot of moving pieces. The quality of the data and a thousand other things affect how well the forecast stands up. Of particular importance is the soundness of the assumptions of the economist at the helm. If the weather has no impact on sweater sales, our economist's forecast is not going to prove very useful.
So if you agree with Heritage's assumptions about just how people, businesses, and markets react to tax and spending changes, the accounting will make sense to you. If you do not, it won't. But you do not need to be an economist to know that tax cuts do not necessarily act like Miracle-Gro nor do they necessarily balance budgets. You just need to remember the Bush administration. Congress enacted trillion-dollar tax cuts in 2001 and 2003—tax cuts that the administration promised and Heritage forecasted would bring about vibrant growth. Sometimes, of course, when you assume, you make a … well, you know the rest.
Lesbian Appalled by Homophobic Anniversary Cake
A lesbian in Washington, D.C., found a distasteful surprise when she opened a cake from a local bakery she'd ordered to celebrate her and her partner's anniversary.
A lesbian who lives in Washington, D.C., was appalled to find a homophobic message sloppily scrawled on a cake she'd ordered from a bakery in Arlington, Va.
Sarah, who asked that her last name not be used, tells The Advocate she placed an order for a cake with a bakery near her job in Arlington, intending to surprise her genderqueer partner, Lindsey, on the couple's anniversary. She asked for a carrot cake, based on a design she saw in the bakery's catalog that featured balloons on the cake's top. Sarah asked that the custom design not include the balloons, but include the words "Happy Anniversary Lindsey! Love, Sarah."
When Sarah picked up the cake today, she found that it not only contained the balloons she specifically requested be removed, but also an apparently homophobic message written in sloppy, unprofessional handwriting. The cake was also chocolate, despite Sarah's request for a carrot cake because it's Lindsey's favorite flavor.
As the photo Sarah shared with The Advocate shows, the cake appears to read "Lesbian Anniv. No Ballons."
Sarah says she opened the cake inside the shop, then immediately asked to speak with a manager upon seeing the message. Sarah says the manager apologized for the sloppy text but not for its inaccurate, homophobic content. The manager refunded Sarah's money and offered her a "less sloppy" cake but refused to address the cake's messaging, even when Sarah pressed the issue. Sarah says she declined the owner's offer for a new cake. She and her partner are planning to eat the cake tonight when they celebrate their anniversary.
"How could anyone mistake that for something a person would want on a cake?" Sarah asks The Advocate rhetorically. "And what baker would sell something so messy and unprofessional? When it occurred to me that this was probably an intentional insult to my relationship, I was appalled at the audacity of the cake decorator or baker or whoever was responsible. It's disappointing to know that when I want to honor the most important person in my life, I have to worry about some intolerant person ruining the surprise I had planned."
While Washington, D.C., where the couple lives, has a comprehensive antidiscrimination policy in place that prohibits discriminatory treatment on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, neighboring state Virginia has no such law against discrimination based on either characteristic, according to Equality Virginia.
This makes a nice healthy and filling lunch and if you use microwave oven you can easily make the jacket potato this way, but I prefer to make it in a more natural way – using hob and oven. This is one of the reasons why I don't make this very often as it takes time to make.
It's a great vegetarian meal and instead of just using cottage cheese as a filling I decided to experiment and added other things to it. I also added spinach on the side. It turned out to be quite nice and I would definitely do it again. I made the jacket potato the day before and filling in the morning before going to work.
Jacket potato with cottage cheese salad and spinach 2014-05-23 03:05:23 Healthy and filling lunch for work Write a review Save Recipe Print Ingredients 1 baking potato 200 g of low fat cottage cheese quarter of red onion, chopped quarter of cucumber, diced plum tomatoes, diced a handful of spinach salt olive oil This is how I make jacket potato Wash the potato very well and pierce it with the fork several times. Boil it on the hob for around 35 minutes. Drain the water and dry the potato. Coat it with olive oil and salt (this will make skin crispy). Put into the hot oven (around 200 degrees depending on oven type) and bake for 1 hour, turning it halfway through. Prepare the filling Put cottage cheese in a small bowl, add onions, cucumber and tomatoes. Add some extra virgin olive oil and mix all together. When serving, put the baked potato onto the plate first, cut it across and add filling to it and spinach on the side. Notes I never bake only one potato in an oven - I normally bake 2 as it's more energy efficient. Experiment with the type of vegetables you add to cottage cheese. You could try sweetcorn or peppers or anything else you think it would go well with it. By Petra Kravos Be Healthy Now https://www.behealthynow.co.uk/
WASHINGTON — The fractious debate over restarting the government's sweeping surveillance program is expected to reach its final Senate showdown on Tuesday, when defense hawks make an urgent appeal to preserve more power for security agencies to gain access to Americans' phone records.
But if the hawks prevail and push too far, many members of the House said they would reject the Senate approach, meaning that the surveillance program would remain largely blacked out until a compromise was reached. The program lapsed at 12:01 a.m. Monday because opponents of surveillance refused to extend it through the legislative fight.
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, and an ally, Senator Richard Burr of North Carolina, the Intelligence Committee chairman, plan one last attempt to amend the USA Freedom Act, which the House passed and which the two senators once denounced as an impediment to national security. Both men have declared the bill a dangerous retrenchment from national security programs put in place after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, even though the House overwhelmingly passed the legislation, with the backing of both Speaker John A. Boehner, Republican of Ohio, and President Obama.
The White House on Monday pressed for the Senate to refrain from making substantive changes to the legislation, arguing that with the authorizations lapsed, this was no time to add provisions that could lead to a lengthy parliamentary back-and-forth on Capitol Hill.
Quote:
Just so everyone knows the Magnuson–Moss Warranty Act prevents someone from totally VOIDING a warranty. Verizon/Samsung could only deny to warranty something if they can prove something you did cause the issue. Anything that has nothing to do with what you did still has to be under warranty. If you LCD started to lose color or get dead pixels that would still have to be covered because that has nothing to do with bootloaders and flashing ROMS.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnuso...s_Warranty_Act
"The federal minimum standards for full warranties are waived if the warrantor can show that the problem associated with a warranted consumer product was caused by damage while in the possession of the consumer, or by unreasonable use, including a failure to provide reasonable and necessary maintenance."
I learned about this when I was going to get my truck lifted. I was told if I did it would VOID my truck's warranty. After looking into it further it didn't actually VOID anything. But for example if I went in to get my suspension fixed because it broke they could argue that the lift kit put stress on the suspension and that's why it failed so they would not have to cover it. But if my motor exploded because it was made out of cheese it would still be under warranty, the entire warranty can never be voided. Only damage caused by what you did. Food for thought guys.
If anyone has anything to add please do.
FDLE Arrests Local Crime Lab Chemist
Florida Department of Law Enforcement agents arrested former Pensacola crime-lab chemist Joseph Graves Tuesday evening, three days after announcing he might have compromised hundreds of state drug cases, the agency said.
Graves was arrested at the Escambia County Jail, and he was released a short time later on a $290,000 bond. Graves is charged with grand theft, 12 counts of tampering with or fabricating physical evidence and nine counts of trafficking in illegal drugs. Additional charges are possible.
Investigators believe that Graves, while processing drug cases, replaced prescription pain pills with over-the-counter medications.
“The actions of Joseph Graves are disgraceful,” FDLE Commissioner Gerald Bailey said in a statement. “FDLE is working with state attorneys' offices statewide to ensure he is held accountable for his actions.”
FDLE began the investigation last month, collaborating with the Escambia County Sheriff's Office and State Attorney Bill Eddins, after prescription pain pills from the evidence room at the sheriff's office went missing. Investigators determined that each case involving missing drugs had been analyzed by Graves, who was relieved of duty Friday. He had been a crime lab analyst in Pensacola since December 2005, and was promoted to supervisor in July 2009.
FDLE teams are inspecting evidence from all cases handled by Graves to determine which of the cases could be compromised. He handled nearly 2,600 cases for 80 law enforcement agencies spanning 35 counties and 12 judicial circuits. Eddins will prosecute the case; the investigation is ongoing.
Remember when SNL used to be funny? It's been about 20 years but seriously, it used to be one of the funniest shows on TV. And even when they got political way back when it didn't feel preachy, it was just funny.
SNL 2017 has turned into another boring, bloviated, Leftist medium.
For example.
"Donald! It's not that complicated. It's hurricane relief. You just did it for white people…twice!" #SNLPremiere pic.twitter.com/qhogZ4BUYD — Michael Skolnik (@MichaelSkolnik) October 1, 2017
Oh FFS.
Psst, 75.8% of Puerto Rico's population is white, Michael. But don't let that stop you from making Puerto Rico into Katrina so you can claim Trump is a racist.
Here's SNL star Michael Che's fiery rant against Trump over Puerto Rico: https://t.co/OG6AGWL7SQ #SNLPremiere pic.twitter.com/CoQQrFcMoq — Marlow Stern (@MarlowNYC) October 1, 2017
Imagine if someone on any show had used a racial slur against Obama … cities would be on fire. And whether or not you agree with how Trump responded to the Mayor's criticisms (this editor happens to think he should have taken the high road), this reaction is not only unfunny, but based on untruths.
But that's never stopped the Left when they're rolling.
So this is the new normal on network FCC licensed television. Calling the President a ‘cracker'. Trying to provoke a civil war. — GMAN (@gardedan) October 1, 2017
Sadly this is the new normal.
If you told me 5 yrs ago that SNL would be calling the President of the United States a "bitch" and a "cracker" I wouldn't have believed you pic.twitter.com/2zTYnixSf7 — Yashar Ali ? (@yashar) October 1, 2017
Because five years ago SNL was busy worshipping Obama and would NEVER have said such horrible things about their king.
The Best of Ten Best width=
In the October issue in 1976, Cycle World picked its Ten Best for the first time, reasoning (among many reasons) that it was our duty to let the manufacturers know when they were doing good so that they might keep on doing it. The more things change, the more they stay the same. Just like this year, a BMW won Best Touring Bike back then, even though the '76 R75/6 had less than half the displacement of this year's K1600GTL and a third the piston count. Still, “Smoothness is incredible.” A big Kawasaki won Best 900-1000cc Roadster. The KZ900 was pretty much the ZX-14R of its day, capable of mid-12s in the quarter-mile and 125-mph top speeds. We wanted to call it perfect but couldn't because of the “harsh suspension and a moderate chassis wobble when cornering at high speed.” Shudder… Then we picked Best 750 Roadster, Best 500-550cc Roadster and Best 350-400cc Roadster. The Yamaha XS750D Triple is long gone, Peter Egan has rediscovered the Honda CB550F and the Yamaha RD400C is legendary. In an era when more of us rode off-road, the other five categories were all dirt-based. Best Open-Class Motocrosser: Maico 400 Adolf Weil Replica Best 250cc Motocrosser: Suzuki RM250 Best 125cc Motocrosser: Honda CR125 Elsinore Best Enduro Machine: KTM/Penton 400 Six Day Best Trials Bike: Montesa Cota 348
Honda 250R
1983 Drunk with power: “Our awards are the Emmies, the Tonys, the Grammies, the Oscars of the sport. These are the Academy Awards of motorcycling.” And in '83, Honda was the blockbuster, winning all five dirt categories as well as Best 651-800cc Street with the new V45 Interceptor. At least the Yamaha Venture Royale unseated the GL1100 for the Touring win. 1984 It was no longer possible to ignore Best Cruiser, so the Best Under-450cc Streetbike category disappeared and the Harley-Davidson FXRDG Disc Glide carried off the trophy. 1986 Whatever happened to our Best Dual-Purpose of 1986, the Honda Reflex? Never mind; the GSX-R1100 and VFR750F were Best Superbike and Best Streetbike 600-800cc.
Best Open Streetbike: Ducati 900SS
1991 Ducati's first win. The 900SS is Best Open Streetbike. 1994 It was the year of the Ducati 916 as Best Superbike and the BMW R1100GS as Best Standard.
Buell S1 Lightning
1996 Best Standard: Buell S1 Lightning.
Yamaha YZ400F
1998 Best Superbike: Yamaha YZF-R1. Best Motocrosser: The four-stroke era begins with the Yamaha YZ400F. 1999 A crazy little thing called the Suzuki GSX1300R Hayabusa appeared, which, at 194 mph, remains the fastest bike we've tested to this day. It blew us away and ran off with Best Superbike.
Honda Interceptor
News in Science
Pen colour affects teacher-student relations
Seeing red Red pens are making students feel blue, according to a US study that recommends teachers refrain from using the colour when marking.
In a paper published in The Social Science Journal, sociology professor Richard Dukes and associate professor Heather Albanesi, at the University of Colorado, show the use of a red pen in marking has a negative impact on student relations with their teacher.
Duke says while the findings are of moderate strength, they are statistically significant.
"They are like a gentle rain - not life-changing, but it is raining," he says.
For the study, the researchers randomly gave 199 participating undergraduate students one of four versions of an essay answer and mark by a hypothetical student named Pat.
The four versions included a high-quality response and a lesser-quality answer with comments from the teacher in either red or aqua.
The students were asked to rate whether they agreed with the teacher's grading, what grading they would give the paper and to rate various qualities of the teacher based on the essay comments including whether the teacher was: knowledgeable, organised, nice, enthusiastic and had a rapport with students.
Student participants were also asked to fill out a questionnaire at the end on the materials they had been given.
Teacher's 'bedside manner'
Duke says the findings show that students' perceptions about the quality of learning are not affected by the use of the red pen.
However teacher-student relations are affected with comments written in aqua resulting in the teacher rating higher in their "bedside manner".
"When the student learns well (actually, performs well) and receives a high grade, the situation is a "win-win" (teacher and student are feeling good about the process)," says Dukes.
"However, when the student does not perform well, at least some of the blame is put upon the teacher."
Loaded with emotion
He says it appears the use of a red pen equates in the student's mind to shouting in the same way as writing in all capitals.
Writing in the colour red is therefore loaded with emotion, the researchers say.
This additional emotional loading of messages on the grading of student assignments may not be a tactic that teachers should use to convey constructive, critical comments to students, the researchers say.
Duke says a change in marking pen colour can "generate worthwhile results by facilitating teacher-student interaction, and can do so without affecting rigour in the delivery of the curriculum".
"If red writing on a student's paper adds emotional loading that the teacher does not intend to be part of the content of the communication with the student, the rethinking of the choice of pen colour is worthwhile," the researchers conclude.
Duke says he is unaware of the history of why red was chosen as a marking colour, "but it does not seem to have been a particularly good one".
He says the findings against the use of a red pen would likely apply to other professions, "especially those where it often is not wise to shout".
Jeff Burton substituted for Tony Stewart in the No. 14 Stewart-Haas Racing Chevrolet Sunday at Michigan. (Photo: Andrew Weber, USA TODAY Sports)
BROOKLYN, Mich. — The absence of the team's namesake has taken an emotional toll on Stewart-Haas Racing, which raced for the second consecutive Sunday without Tony Stewart.
But more difficult than adapting to the void left by the three-time Sprint Cup champion is absorbing the opinions and perceptions of Stewart, who struck and killed Kevin Ward Jr. with a sprint car Aug. 9 at a dirt track in upstate New York.
"I think the hardest part for me has been the way the whole media thing has shaken down," Kevin Harvick said after pacing SHR's four Chevrolets with a runner-up finish in the Pure Michigan 400. "It's an absolute tragic accident that has happened on both sides of the fence. You have one young man who is dead. You've got a guy that we know and are part of an organization that is just getting a lot of just crazy press.
"I've known Tony Stewart for a long time. I still don't believe that he even knew that he ran into that car. I know for sure that Tony Stewart is not going to run over somebody that's on a racetrack. I don't think there's anybody in this garage that would. You have just a lot of unknowledgable people reporting on a situation that know absolutely nothing about racing. It's just really unfortunate, the perception that has been given to him. I know he'll stay strong and fight and he'll get the right people and do all the right things. That's the part that's bothered me the most is just the poor misrepresentation on the media side for him."
Harvick said he hasn't spoken with Stewart, who skipped the NASCAR weekend at Michigan International Speedway while grieving over Ward's death, which remains under investigation by the Ontario County (N.Y.) Sheriff's Department. SHR officials have said Stewart will decide on his return to the No. 14 Chevrolet, which finished 37th Sunday with veteran Jeff Burton.
"This was honestly one of the hardest weeks I've ever spent," said Burton, who was announced as Stewart's replacement 18 hours before he began practicing in his car Friday. "I thought everybody did a really good job."
Burton, who is moving to NBC Sports as a race analyst next year, was making only his third start of the season, and the first two were with Michael Waltrip Racing. Getting acclimated to a new team was difficult, but Burton said it was compounded by speculation about Stewart.
"These are people that we are talking about," he said. "You have a lot of conversations about the 'What if's' and all this, but at the end of the day these are real people that are human beings and have feelings, and I think a lot of times we forget that.
"We talk about people like they are robots, and they are human beings. Just listening to some of the misinformation and people speculating about stuff, I just thought it was a travesty in a lot of ways. Ultimately, all that really weighed on me. Knowing that we had at least two families just in agonizing pain and really not being able to do anything about it."
Canandaigua Motorsports Park, which is near Rochester, N.Y., returned to racing Saturday night with a tribute to Ward, who died after being hit while approaching Stewart's car during a caution at the track.
"Racing is a community," Burton said. "I don't know the Ward family at all, but I know that they raced, and that means that I share something in common with them. The racing community cares about each other even if they don't know you. I think that is what we saw this week.
"Of course everybody in this garage knows Tony. Tony doesn't beat his chest and talk about the things he does for people. We know it, we see it, but nobody else does. (Dale) Earnhardt was like that. Earnhardt didn't want anybody to know the things he did for people. That is how Tony is. A lot of people only know Tony because he threw a helmet. They only know Tony because he got mad. Well hell, I get mad, too. I just hate people jump to conclusions."
Aside from Harvick's showing, Michigan was a rough effort for SHR. Burton finished 14 laps down after a lengthy repair for a tailpipe problem, and teammates Danica Patrick (18th) and Kurt Busch (31st) were in crashes.
Harvick, who has notched four straight top 10s since consecutive finishes of 30th or worse, said the team remained focused despite a trying week.
"Everybody has stepped up and 've what they had to do inside the shop," he said. "(Team vice president) Brett Frood is at the racetrack making sure that everything's right. (Co-owner) Gene Haas was (at Watkins Glen International) last weekend. Everybody just has to pitch in and do their part, make sure we do everything we can to help Tony get through his situation. There's a lot of strong people at our company."
Follow Ryan on Twitter @nateryan
PHOTOS: Tony Stewart through the years
For Sadhus, the holy men, the festival is particularly important and may help them to escape effects of karma
travel to the site to pray and bathe in the river during the auspicious dates to cleanse their sins
Advertisement
Out of the thousands of Hindus gathered at the banks of northern India's Triveni Sangam, just outside of the city of Allahabad, one man stood out.
The Sadhu, or holy man, swung his ten-foot-long dreads through the air like heavy chains as he stood knee-deep in the cold river water wearing nothing but a pair of saffron briefs.
His dramatic display is part of the holy dip of Magh Mela, a lengthy festival with more than 1,000 years of history that celebrates the beginning of the universe and the holy site.
Extreme bathing: A Sadhu (pictured), or holy man, swings his long dreads as he bathes in the river at Triveni Sangam in northern India
Swoosh! The man's dramatic stance is part of his holy dip for Magh Mela, an annual festival that celebrates the beginning of the universe
Religion: Thousands of Hindus will have gathered at the site for the festival with the holy men (pictured above) taking pride of place
The festival takes place each year in the month of Magh, as dictated by the Hindu astrological calendar.
This year, the festival began on January 15 and will continue until March 7.
The length of the festival fluctuates between 40 to 50 days, centred around six different auspicious dates as divined by the priests according to the cycle of the moon.
On those auspicious dates, the Hindu devotees will bathe in the river in droves at sun rise to cleanse themselves of their sins.
For some Hindus, it's not only a way to get rid of sin but it will also help them escape karma and be reunited with their supreme soul.
The location is important.
Triveni Sangam is the confluence point of three holy rivers - the Ganges, Yamuna and the mythical, and invisible, river of Saraswati.
Cleanse: Hindus believe that bathing at sun rise in the holy river during the festival will help them cleanse their sins and escape karma
Annual gathering: The festival takes place each year in the month of Magh, as dictated by the Hindu astrological calendar. This year, the festival began on January 15 and will continue until March 7
Lengthy celebration: The length of the festival fluctuates between 40 to 50 days, centred around six different auspicious dates as divined by the priests according to the cycle of the moon
Decoration: As well as prayers and bathing, the holy men will cover themselves in ash as well as decorative paint during the festival
According to legends, Saraswati flows underground and emerges to join the other two rivers at Triveni Sangam.
Triveni Sangam is also said to be one of the places where nectar of the gods dripped from a pitcher on to the earth as the demons fought the gods, making it a very holy site.
The ashes of several national leaders, including Mahatma Gandhi, were scattered at this point.
Pilgrims who come for the festival would camp along its banks each night, with some staying for the full duration.
For the Sadhus, who already live a life of relative poverty and celibacy, the festival is of particular importance.
During this time, they will take only one meal each day and spend much of their time praying.
Some will bathe daily and paint their body with ash.
Every 12 years, Magh Mela at Allahabad is celebrated as an even bigger festival - Kumbh Mela. And once every 144 years, there is a Maha Kumbh Mela.
The bigger festival attracts millions of bathers as they are considered more important dates.
In 2013, the last Maha Kumbh Mela, an estimated 100 million Hindus attended the festival.
Holy: Triveni Sangam is also said to be one of the places where nectar of the gods dripped from a pitcher on to the earth as the demons fought the gods, making it a very holy site
A festival of equals: Both men and women attend the festival. Pilgrims who come for the festival would camp along its banks each night, with some staying for the full duration
_
ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — NATO's secretary-general apologized to Turkey on Friday over military exercises in Norway during which Turkey's founding leader, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, and the current president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, were reportedly depicted as "enemies."
Erdoğan said Turkey withdrew 40 of its soldiers participating in the drills at NATO's Joint Warfare Centre in Stavanger, Norway, in protest of the incident and criticized the alliance.
"There can be no such unity, no such alliance," he said in an address to his ruling party's provincial leaders.
Details of the incident were sketchy. Erdoğan said Ataturk's picture and his own name were featured on an "enemy chart" during the drills.
The individual who posted the material was described as a Norwegian civil contractor seconded by Norway, and not a NATO employee.
NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg issued a statement saying: "I apologize for the offense caused." He said the incident was the result of an "individual's actions" and didn't reflect the views of the alliance.
He added that the individual was removed from the exercise and an investigation was underway.
"It will be for the Norwegian authorities to decide on any disciplinary action," Stoltenberg added. "Turkey is a valued NATO ally, which makes important contributions to allied security."
Norwegian Defense Minister Frank Bakke-Jensen apologized for the incident.
"The message does not reflect Norway's views or policies and I apologize for the content of the message," Bakke-Jensen said in a statement. He added that "Turkey is an important ally in NATO, and we value our good cooperation."
The Joint Warfare Centre is a multi-national NATO unit based in Stavanger, 300 kilometers (186 miles) southwest of Oslo. It is currently led by Maj. Gen. Andrzej Reudowicz of Poland. According to its website, it has a staff of 250 made up of civilians from 11 NATO member states, including Turkey.
In March, the Norwegian government caused fury in Turkey by granting political asylum to five Turkish officers based in Norway who had refused to return home after the failed July 2016 coup attempt in Turkey. The five officers said that they feared being arrested and tortured in Turkey.
___
Jan M. Olsen in Copenhagen, Denmark, contributed to this report.
game boy sound comparison
all game boys were played at their highest volume. they were connected directly to the audiointerface (motu 2408). except normalization to -0.1 dB no further processing was made. i did without comparing the levels of the different game boy models. if you record the output of the game boy, you will most likely normalize and do some mastering. in a live situation, you will simply turn up the volume of the mixing desk or the amplifier, if a game boy is not loud enough. if you are interested in a comparison of the different levels, please refer to my old game boy sound comparison. i used lsdj 3.5.1., which was copied to a transferer cartridge (unless otherwise noted). the mp3s were encoded with lame 3.96.1, 192 kbit. the examples were done this way: first you hear a bit of background noise from the game boy, then the song starts with some samples. after that there is a break, where i used panning without notes. on the older game boy models this will result in some rhythmic pulses. on the newer models this will have no effect. after the main part of the music i waited for a short time, and then stopped the song. at the end you hear background noise, again. if a game boy model with light was used, the example starts with the light switched off, then the light is switched on.
not only do the different game boy models sound different, if you have a look at the waveforms, you can see that these already look very different (thin sound - thin waveform). i recorded the pulse instrument, envelope: A8, wave: pulse width 50% (square), with a pitch of C3 (which is great C, in musical terms). the picture of the wavefrom, as displayed in the audio editor, was then saved as a graphic file, which you can see here.
The Las Vegas summer league is all about pouncing on a great opportunity to impress scouts from all over the world. Baylor graduate Brady Heslip embodied this mind set as he started for the Minnesota Timberwolves yesterday, and made the most of his opportunity.
Meanwhile, Andrew Wiggins continues to thrive, posting his personal high of 21 points this summer.
Brady Heslip (Burlington, ON) PG/SG Minnesota Timberwolves
Brady Heslip was a surprise starter for the Minnesota Timberwolves on Thursday as they fell to the Sacremento Kings 100-86. Heslip had a superb game as he made 6 of his 9 field goals, including 4 of 5 from three-point range to end up with 16 points. Heslip was hot all game only taking one forced shot that was partially blocked by Nik Stauskas late in the shot clock. He did a terrific job of running the offence as he controlled the tempo of the game, got the ball were it needed to go and most importantly had ZERO turnovers. His defense was not the best as the opposing PG Ray McCallum had 13 points on 6 of 7 from the field, granted it wasn't all scored on Heslip. This is a very typical setting for Heslip, as he has always strived and fully taken advantage of big opportunities. Coming out of high school Heslip committed to Guelph and was supposed to play in the CIS, but he had a huge summer on the AAU circuit that year and earned a D1 scholarship. With the Senior National Team, the Burlington sniper remained consistent. Now, Brady is trying to do this at the pro level as his career is leaning towards Europe or D-League play, but with a big summer this time around he could land himself a job in the NBA.
Nik Stauskas (Mississauga, ON) PG/SG Sacramento Kings
In a winning effort, Nik Stauskas scored 4 points on 1 of 3 from the field (all three attempts were three pointers), had three rebounds and five assists to go with one turnover. Nik splashed his only three point make in the first quarter. He worked off the ball spotting up at the three point line most of the time and never really handled the ball. That didn't stop Nik from having five assists though as he moved well off the ball, and showed off his excellent feel for the game. There were numerous times throughout the game where Nik would make a great lead pass guiding his target towards the basket or the screen. His defense was solid exerting maximum effort whenever he was guarding Zach Lavine on the perimeter. Too be honest Nik looked tired, and without really handling the ball on the perimeter, he didn't look like he was in the flow off the game. Regardless, the Kings won and Stauskas will be heading to the quarterfinals of the NBA Las Vegas Summer League.
Andrew Wiggins (Vaughn, ON) SG/SF Cleveland Cavaliers
Andrew Wiggins 21 point effort was not enough as the Houston Rockets defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers 96-90. Wiggins was 3 of 5 from the field including 0 of 1 from the three-point line. He converted 15 of 20 free throws, adding 5 rebounds, a steal and a blocked shot. Wiggins started the first quarter hot hitting both his shots and going to the free throw line 4 times, nailing them all. He was able to get a lay up on a cut to the basket and hit a step back jumper. Wiggins made the most of his offensive touches attacking the rim relentlessly; his handle looked okay as he had a great crossover dribble on Nick Johnson, and split a few pick and rolls. But he also turned the ball over four times, getting his pocket picked by Johnson and dribbling the ball off a defender while trying to split the pick and roll on one possession. Defensively, Wiggins had a great game getting numerous deflections in the half court and even having a highlight chase down block on Johnson, following his turnover.
Overall, I think that Andrew Wiggins had a good showing at the Vegas Summer League. He averaged 15.5 points per game and never really forced anything as he played within the team concept and still was able to shine with some spectacular plays. He is still raw offensively especially with the consistency of his jump shot. Wiggins is also paper thin and needs to add 10-15 pounds of muscle moving forward. With all that being said, those are minor problems for such a driven and talented prospect in Wiggins. The jump shot will improve with practice and repetition and for his body; he will only get more mass in time. The only question left for Wiggins is will he be in Cleveland or Minnesota on NBA opening night.
Anthony Bennett (Toronto, ON) SF/PF Cleveland Cavaliers
Anthony Bennett finished off his Summer League run with a 11 point (4-11 FG, 2-5 3PT, 1-2 FT) 6 rebound effort versus the Rockets. Offensively Bennett was streaky. He air balled his first three point attempt then missed a turn around fade away jumper. He did eventually knock down a few shots but was never really able to find him rhythm in the game. Bennett's handle looks steady for a guy at his size and position. He displayed it against Danatas Montiejunas crossing over from left to right before dropping the soft lay up inside. Defensively, Bennett struggled against Montiejunas, who ended up with 21 points and eleven rebounds. Bennett was aware of his struggles on the defensive end and looked very frustrated. He also allowed an offensive rebound put back on a free-throw attempt by Montiejunas in final seconds of the game that came back to bite the Cavs after Joe Harris hit a four point play. Nevertheless, Bennett has had a strong showing at this years Summer League. He, Wiggins, and Heslip will now play on the consolation side of the tournament.
Often I am told bitcoin is not Ideal Money because Ideal Money is this (wiki):
Ideal Money is a theoretical notion promulgated by John Nash, to stabilize international currencies. It is a solution to the Triffin dilemma. “He proposed that international exchange rates be fixed by pegging the value of each currency to a standardized basket of commodities, called the industrial consumption price index. Such a policy would curtail the ability of central banks to make monetary policy.”
But the first citation on the bitcoin.pdf whitepaper clearly pertains to the direct definition of Ideal Money. Let's look at a post from the Net.nym “Wei Dai”:
…my monetary policy views were firmly mainstream, which considers rapid unpredictable changes in prices, in either direction, to be a really bad thing for a currency. So I designed b-money to have a stable value relative to a basket of commodities, and until Bitcoin came along, never thought anyone might deliberately design a currency to have a fixed total supply.
How far then can we truly say bitcoin is from ideal money?
So Bitcoin is Ideal Money?
Well not exactly.
To understand “Ideal Money” we have to think in terms of what it means to “print” money based on an actual non biased aggregate price index. In other words what goods and commodities are ACTUALLY worth!
How can this be achieved? By taking the money printing abilities away from the governments that are fixing the markets with, among other tactics, instability and regulation. What is needed is a single currency in this world that has a stable money supply so you can create a standard of measurement to valuate all currencies:
Our view is that if it is viewed scientifically and rationally (which is psychologically difficult!) that money should have a function of a standard of measurement…
But no government has ever been able to achieve this in any significant manner because the economics of war ensues (notice many great wars of the past and present involve “money printers” (“Western”) vs those that denounce processes of usury (Islamic)).
…that scheme for arranging for a system of money with ideal qualities would work well, that, on the other hand, it would be politically difficult to arrive at the implementation of such a system.
Creating a money system via computers is not a new idea as the webpage from bitcoin's wiki on its money supply points to a video with Milton Friedman describing such a system from his writings. In fact the decentralized scheme is a very Austrian ideology Nash is admittedly familiar with:
…after consulting with some of the economics faculty at Princeton, I learned of the work and publications of Friedrich von Hayek. I must say that my thinking is apparently quite parallel to this thinking in relation to money and particularly with regard to the no-typical viewpoint in relation to the functions of the authorities which in recent times have been the sources of currencies (earlier “coinage”).)
What is Asymptotically Ideal Money?
Asymptotically Ideal Money is the means with which we achieve the ends. Friedman and Hayek were both known for the introduction of “partway plans” to move from the current “sick” system to a more favorable one, knowing that simply switching over would be an impossible shock for the peoples to handle. How far then is a deflationary money supply from a school voucher system to facilitate privatization and truly free markets.
So here is the possibility of “asymptotically ideal money”. Starting with the idea of value stabilization in relation to a domestic price index associated with the territory of one state, beyond that there is the natural and logical concept of internationally based value comparisons.
So what is bitcoin's role in relation to “Asymptotically Ideal Money”? Bitcoin is the tool that allows the peoples of the world to trade in and out of their respective currencies. This puts pressure on governments to maintain a currency of stable and good quality (ie stop arbitrarily printing money):
The currencies being compared, like now the euro, the dollar, the yen, the pound, the swiss franc, the swedish kronor, etc. can be viewed with critical eyes by their users and by those who maybe have the option of whether or not or how to use one of them. This can lead to pressure for good quality and consequently for a lessened rate of inflationary deprecation in value.
And so there arises a global asymptotic slide towards a market in which the prices are set at their true value. Their true value being the free market prices as described by Adam Smith (alluded to in different versions of Ideal Money). It's true that the infrastructure for citizens to have the option to put pressure on their national fiat still needs to be built, but it's clear bitcoin has created the economic incentive (and educational tool) needed to create that means.
Does the Total Money Supply Matter?
In this discussion entitled “Why 1BTC should equal 10^8 satoshi ?” Ray Dillenger recalls:
I remember this discussion, actually. Finney, Satoshi, and I discussed how divisible a Bitcoin ought to be. Satoshi had already more or less decided on a 50-coin per block payout with halving every so often to add up to a 21M coin supply. Finney made the point that people should never need any currency division smaller than a US penny, and then somebody (I forget who) consulted some oracle somewhere like maybe Wikipedia and figured out what the entire world's M1 money supply at that time was. We debated for a while about which measure of money Bitcoin most closely approximated; but M2, M3, and so on are all for debt-based currencies, so I agreed with Finney that M1 was probably the best measure. 21Million, times 10^8 subdivisions, meant that even if the whole word's money supply were replaced by the 21 million bitcoins the smallest unit (we weren't calling them Satoshis yet) would still be worth a bit less than a penny, so no matter what happened — even if the entire economy of planet earth were measured in Bitcoin — it would never inconvenience people by being too large a unit for convenience.
Ideal Money is About the Future Economy
It comes later than now when the world understands they can “choose” what kind of global economy they want to participate in. And this why Nash feels:
…there may be an analogy to this as regards those called “the Keynesians” in that while they have claimed to be operating for high and noble objectives of general welfare what is clearly true is that they have made it easier for governments to “print money”
And after comparing such practices to Bolshevik communism announces:
…this parallel makes it seem not implausible that a process of political evolution might lead to the expectation on the part of citizens in the “great democracies” that they should be better situated to be able to understand whatever will be the monetary policies which, indeed, are typically of great importance to citizens who may have alternative option for where to place their “savings”.
Is there another “process of political evolution” going on?
The author believes rather we are living it. Nash spent 20 years lecturing about it country to country…it seems no one was paying attention. These days all eyes are on the ghost of Satoshi Nakamoto (Ya I know “I am Nash Sato Koto”).
One thing is for sure, when it comes to every government and major banking entity in the world holding meetings on how to react to today's rapidly changing economic climate (ie. bitcoin)…the intelligent thing to do would be to FORMALLY ask Dr. Nash for advice and help, regardless if we think he created crypto-currency or not.
Not that he didn't already give his advice.
Advertisements
Nick Percat will be back on the V8 Supercars grid next season after signing a multi-year contract with Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport.
Percat made his full-time debut in the V8 Supercars championship this year driving the HHA/Coates Hire Holden out of the Walkinshaw Racing garage, but despite an impressive first season looked likely to miss out on a full-time drive next season after James Rosenberg handed back the license that underpinned the 26-year-old's 2014 entry prompted by a shortfall in sponsorship.
However, with its return to a two-car program for 2015, Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport has moved quickly to sign the 2011 Bathurst 1000 winner as a replacement for veteran Russell Ingall who announced his retirement from full-time V8 Supercar competition at the end of this season.
“Nick thought, through no fault of his own, it was going to be a pretty average Christmas for him so I'm thrilled that we've been able to bring him some joy for the festive season,” said team owner Lucas Dumbrell.
“I believe Nick's signing with LDM is the next step in our development as a team. It's an understatement to say I'm excited. The whole team is, and we all go away for the Christmas holidays knowing we're going to hit the track running in 2015.”
Percat's move to Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport (LDM) brings to an end a relationship with Walkinshaw Racing that stretches back to 2007, despite talk of Holden motorsport boss Simon McNamara looking for ways to keep Percat in the fourth Walkinshaw Racing Commodore after his twelfth place finish in the Championship standings.
““Christmas has come a day early for me, I'm so thankful to Lucas Dumbrell for this opportunity,” said Percat.
“It was disappointing to lose my [Walkinshaw Racing] drive; I thought I held my own during the year against some serious team-mates and only just finished outside the top 10 in points, but professional sport is a tough business.
“Thankfully, Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport had an opening, and we went hard at securing it. To have it confirmed on Christmas Eve is quite special.
“To come here and be lead driver is a different scenario to what I have been used to, but LDM has very good equipment, a Triple Eight Race Engineering-built Holden Commodore, and all the right people.
“This team has grown up considerably in the past 12 months and I want to help it continue building momentum – we can show everyone what we are all truly capable of.”
LDM is still to make an announcement on its second driver, but several funded drivers are believed to be in discussions with the Melbourne-based team.
Walkinshaw Racing is expected to remain a four car operation in 2015, with Charlie Schwerkolt predicted to move his Racing Entitlement Contract and newly-signed driver Lee Holdsworth from Ford Performance Racing into the factory Holden squad's fourth car.
About Astonio
The Astonio framework is an open-source JavaScript tool that generates ready-to-go data management applications that you can configure quickly and easily. Whether you are an individual programmer, a member of a software development team, or an in-house IT-specialist, you will find that it boosts your productivity and saves weeks of code writing.
Only three steps to a ready-to-use application
Download
or code the backend for your data source
Set up
your application and get a ready-to-use interface Program
any extra features that you require
Why choose the Astonio framework
Its is free and
open-source
Its is free and open-source Mainly based on JavaScript
Mainly based on JavaScript Adaptive to any
data source
Adaptive to any data source Cross platform and suppors cloud technologies
Cross platform and suppors cloud technologies Easily integrated with web applications
Easily integrated with web applications Easy for teams of developers to use
How it works
The Astonio framework works with any data source (be it a database server or any server application serving as a source of data and coded in any programming language).
The framework provides:
Mechanisms for the interaction of data objects and for displaying these interactions on your interface.
A backend the serves as a bridge between the framework and your data source.
Automatically generated forms (lists, records, filters) and interactive control elements for data processing.
On top of that, there is a vast set of tools that enables you to build the precise application you need. In addition, you can extend the framework itself or implement the modules created by other developers.
You can flexibly configure data source using your prefered language. The framework interacts with the data source using a corresponding backend module. It defines all the logics for how the data received from the data source is to be processed and what data is to be sent back. In the backend you define a communication protocol with the data source. Alternatively you will soon be able to download and set up the pre-built backends that are available for various data source types.
Once the framework has generated an application, you may wish to keep it as it is, or code new extensions to it. You can enhance the interface to meet your needs by using our set of JavaScript modules and functions, and you can extend the data source server's logics in your programming language. The framework provides you with a choice: to develop an interface or its part quicker yet less flexibly, or develop it more slowly yet create a more functional interface.
In-built interface
In the in-built interface, all the data editing elements are designed to be used both in forms and in tables. The elements have useful features that simplify data processing for the user. Let us have a look at a few examples.
Here is an example of a text field.
By clicking the corresponding button, it expands into a bigger field, which is helpful when there is more text than the small input element can accommodate.
When it comes to numeric input elements, they support math expressions right inside them.
The object selection element also has a few input modes: it allows the choosing of objects either from a drop-down list with an in-built search function or from a standalone popup form.
As for data input errors, the framework's interface shows them not under the element, but rather inside it as a special marker. Such an approach means that the density of form elements is kept and their arrangement is retained when mistakes appear. The mistakes are displayed in the same way when data are presented in the table mode.
Interaction between interface and data
In the framework, much attention is paid to efficient interactions between records (objects).
Thus, when a user selects a record in a list and modifies it in the opened form, the record gets updated in the initial list automatically.
When a record is being changed simultaneously on different devices, users get instant notifications about any changes happening to the record they are working with.
The framework's interface also allows for a mechanism that sorts the rows of dependent records (if it is supported by the data model being used).
These examples amount to only a tiny part of all the features put into the framework. A more detailed description is the subject of separate articles. Also worth repeating, none of the tools or methods are compulsory; they are only presented as the basis for development and can be configured according to the will of the developer.
Models and managing data
When it comes to operating data, a distinction of the framework (compared to Django, for example) is that for describing lists of records and single records, it uses different types of models – namely ListModel and RecordModel. Such an approach allows for displaying lists of not only records from a few models at the same time, but also non-editable rows (for instance, certain results of processing those records).
Despite having the necessary mechanisms to do so, the framework does not require data models to be described when developing an application. Instead, the Backend module generates the necessary data models based on those that already exist in other environments (such as Django, Sequelize, SQL etc).
The framework shares some features with Django. For instance, the classes used for data queries (QuerySet and Query) are the equivalents of the same-titled Django classes adapted from Python to TypeScript code. Data selection from a database can be coded like this:
backend .getListModel('product') .getQueryset() .filter({name__icontains: "Jacket"}) .orderBy('-price') .limit(0,10) .getRows() .subscribe(products => {…});
Another distinguishing feature of the framework is virtual fields. When a virtual field changes, it may subsequently change real fields of objects it represents and vice versa. Something similar occurs in Django when we use xxxxxx_set property to get objects linked to other objects; or when we access an object through a property, when the database stores only this object's id.
In the illustration below, fields product_id and product_name are real, whilst field product is virtual.
The framework supports the ‘lazy loading of dependent records'. Unlike Django though, here a programmer is free to decide either to use this mechanism or toget data instantly to reduce the quantity of queries between the client and the server. Thus, in the example above, the product ‘product' has the field ‘supplier'. By default, suppliers would be drawn from the database only upon request to the field product(‘supplier'); however, after modifying the code like this: .getRows('supplier').subscribe(products => {…}); – each product from the list ‘products' will also contain data about relevant suppliers and there will be no need for a separate database query to access these data.
Check it out
If you wish to try out the framework, you can have a look at an example of an application written using it. To install the application, run the following command:
npm install astonio-app
Then run:
npm install
Then open the file app.module.ts, set up access to any MySQL database and build the app:
npm run watch
after which you only need to run it:
npm run app
The framework is available at github.
The instructions for designing applications based on the framework: Quick start
An example of a more elaborated application is available here (the setup guide is in the README.md file).
Learn more
To learn more about the Astonio framework go to Quick start or read about it on:
• Habrahabr: habrahabr.ru/post/339870/ (in Russian)
Android Data Binding: Animations
When Data Doesn't Change in the Blink of an Eye
George Mount Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 29, 2016
I've shown how to use Android Data Binding to update the View when the data changes. It is a great way to see instant updates to the UI, but sometimes you want to draw attention to the data change or just provide a smooth transition. There are two ways to add animations using data binding: use a binding adapter or use OnRebindCallback.
Binding Adapter Animations
A binding adapter is a method that sets the value for a View when a data bound value changes. Using a binding adapter for animations is very straightforward, but if you need a refresher, take a look at the Custom Setters article. We can use a binding adapter to intercept the value change and animate it.
Here is one that fades a View in or out:
@BindingAdapter("animatedVisibility")
public static void setVisibility(final View view,
final int visibility) {
// Were we animating before? If so, what was the visibility?
Integer endAnimVisibility =
(Integer) view.getTag(R.id.finalVisibility);
int oldVisibility = endAnimVisibility == null
? view.getVisibility()
: endAnimVisibility;
if (oldVisibility == visibility) {
// just let it finish any current animation.
return;
}
boolean isVisibile = oldVisibility == View.VISIBLE;
boolean willBeVisible = visibility == View.VISIBLE;
view.setVisibility(View.VISIBLE);
float startAlpha = isVisibile ? 1f : 0f;
if (endAnimVisibility != null) {
startAlpha = view.getAlpha();
}
float endAlpha = willBeVisible ? 1f : 0f;
// Now create an animator
ObjectAnimator alpha = ObjectAnimator.ofFloat(view,
View.ALPHA, startAlpha, endAlpha);
alpha.setAutoCancel(true);
alpha.addListener(new AnimatorListenerAdapter() {
private boolean isCanceled;
@Override
public void onAnimationStart(Animator anim) {
view.setTag(R.id.finalVisibility, visibility);
}
@Override
public void onAnimationCancel(Animator anim) {
isCanceled = true;
}
@Override
public void onAnimationEnd(Animator anim) {
view.setTag(R.id.finalVisibility, null);
if (!isCanceled) {
view.setAlpha(1f);
view.setVisibility(visibility);
}
}
});
alpha.start();
}
You can see that I took into account the current alpha when the View is in the process of animating. It is a little extra work, but it will help the users with a smooth animation experience. To make it even better, you could also take into account the alpha in the duration so that when a fade in is interrupted by a fade out, the fade out will be shorter. Since this is a short animation, it doesn't look too bad, even when interrupted.
I chose to use a custom attribute so that only the views that I use “app:androidVisiblity” with will fade in and out. If I had created a binding adapter for “android:visibility,” all views that have binding expressions on that attribute would fade in and out.
OnRebindCallback
ViewDataBinding has a listener that lets you have fine control over the binding steps, OnRebindCallback. You can use this to intercept the binding before it actually makes a change. It doesn't tell you what change is going to be made (it doesn't know yet), so it doesn't work like the binding adapter. However, this is perfect for TransitionManager.beginDelayedTransition(), which must be called immediately before changes are made.
Chet Haase did a great DevByte on it (and an article on Transition support for earlier releases), but I'll summarize what Transitions do. When you call beginDelayedTransition(), the Transition captures the state of the view hierarchy. After the next layout, the Transition captures the end state. Then, animations are generated for the Views that change.
binding.addOnRebindCallback(new OnRebindCallback() {
@Override
public boolean onPreBind(ViewDataBinding binding) {
TransitionManager.beginDelayedTransition(
(ViewGroup)binding.getRoot());
return super.onPreBind(binding);
}
});
TransitionManager creates all the animations for me, so it is very easy. On the other hand, this is called when a binding expression gets dirty and that has additional overhead. Fortunately, this is typically only once per frame, so if you change several parts of your data model, you'll only see the overhead once.
Which One Do I Use?
Advantages of the BindingAdapter mechanism:
Fine-grained control — only the views you want to animate will animate
Less overhead than transitions (performance)
Very flexible — you can create whatever animation you want
Advantages of the OnRebindCallback mechanism:
Simple to use
Don't have to use custom attributes (or override default behavior)
Can animate many things with the same code (see Transition subclasses)
You can see that they're both useful and you can even combine them. If you do that, the Transition should exclude Views that you want to use a binding adapter with.
With these two techniques, you'll be able to provide smooth animations when data changes that will delight your users.
A cold blooded catnapper was caught on camera bundling a kitten into a handbag in a theft from a pet shop.
Shop owner Carol Ivory checked her store's CCTV when the kitten she was looking after went missing from his usual nap spot.
Instead of finding the kitten, called Little Boy, simply slumbering in a different place, she was horrified to see him fall prey to a shoplifter.
Her in-store security cameras captured the moment when the kitten was simply picked up and stolen.
An unknown woman is clearly seen bundling the kitten into a large handbag during a brief section of the shop CCTV footage.
The theft took place on Saturday from the private kitchen of the long established Albany Pets, in Roath, Cardiff, south Wales.
The footage begins with a group of people, two men, two women and three children, entering the shop and looking around.
One of the children picks up the kitten which is then taken by the woman who rapidly gestures to her friend to give her the handbag. The kitten is then unceremoniously bundled inside as the woman crouches down and appears to zip it up.
Mrs Ivory has been left so shocked by the theft she will not be renewing her licence to sell pets to the public.
She was looking after the kitten, and its mother, for a friend who is away on holiday. Both animals were in the shop's kitchen which is off limits to the public.
"I think that it was an absolutely despicable thing to do. You don't think anyone would do that," Mrs Ivory, 60, said today.
"I was in the shop on my own at the time and didn't notice he was gone to start with.
"They both usually sleep out in the kitchen during the day and are on mouse patrol at night.
"The thought of him being with them is just horrifying. He's a very nice quiet little kitten who doesn't stand up for himself.
"What are they going to do to him if he makes a mess on the carpet out of fright?" She added: "I think that I'll stop selling pets because I don't feel I have enough security to protect them.
"It is such a shame because so many people in this area like to come in and look at the animals."
South Wales Police said an investigation was under way.
Melanin pigments are broadly distributed in nature - from bacteria to fungi to plants and animals. However, many previous attempts to identify melanins in spiders were unsuccessful, suggesting that these otherwise ubiquitous pigments were lost during spider evolution. Yet, spiders exhibit many dark colours similar to those produced by melanins in other organisms, and the low solubility of melanins makes isolation and characterization difficult. Therefore, whether melanins are truly absent or have simply not yet been detected is an open question. Raman spectroscopy provides a reliable way to detect melanins in situ, without the need for isolation. In this study, we document the presence of eumelanin in diverse species of spiders using confocal Raman microspectroscopy. Comparisons of spectra with theoretically calculated data falsify the previous hypothesis that dark colours are produced solely by ommochromes in spiders. Our data indicate that melanins are present in spiders and further supporting that they are present in most living organisms.
© 2015. Published by The Company of Biologists Ltd.
Now preparing its seventh season, the phenomenon of RuPaul's Drag Race shows no sign of slowing down. Previously content with bi-coastal parties in New York and Los Angeles, the show has taken its premiere party on nine-city tour — including this Sunday at Mansion in Miami Beach. Guests will be able to see each of the 14 new contestants perform as well as catch a special early screening of the first episode before it officially premieres on Logo the next day.
New Times got a chance to chat with Katya, a pre-season standout who has already built up a devoted online fan base who dutifully refer to her as "Mom." We talked about those fans, her lack of taxidermy skills, and why you're not getting the full Drag Race experience unless you can smell it.
See also: The Ten Best Drag Queens at Miami Beach Gay Pride 2014
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT rtrtrtrtrtrtrtrtrtrtVICKI:rt AND WE ALSO MET THE LOVEOF HIS LIFE.>> BOBBY LOVED HIS LIFE.LOVED HIS FAMILY.LOVED HIS WORK.VICKI: DEPUTY FRENCH NOW WITHHIS MOM AND DAD, ROBERT SENIORrtAND PATRICIA, A SON KILLED ONTHE 10-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF H>> I LOVE YOU.YOUR PARENTS WOULD BE SO PROUDOF YOU.rtAND NOW YOU HAVE SOMEONE TO TALKTO.VICKI: TODAY, WE LEARNED ABOUTTHE LENGTH OF ONE PERSONrt'REACH, FROM A HEART DEFINING
Advertisement Hundreds honor Deputy French at memorial in Roseville Share Copy Link Copy
Hundreds of law enforcement officers and other people turned out Thursday at Bayside at Adventure Church in Roseville to honor Sacramento County Deputy Robert French, who was killed in the line of duty outside a Sacramento motel.A van arrived early in the morning from Newport Beach carrying large wreaths from several law enforcement agencies in Southern California to honor French during the service.“Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear. That really fits your dad,” Mindi Russell with the Law Enforcement Chaplaincy of Sacramento said to French's children.French was shot and killed by a gunman and vehicle theft suspect, identified as Thomas Littlecloud, on Aug. 30 as Littlecloud tried to get away from officers at the Ramada Inn on Auburn Boulevard.“I don't know what I am supposed to feel. I feel a lot of different things. I feel angry. Friends and loved ones have a hole in their heart,” Sacramento County Sheriff Scott Jones said. “While I was at the hospital, his killer was being saved and ultimately died. It brought me no comfort.”The two-hour memorial service included how he touched his colleagues at the Sheriff's Department. French was a field training officer for more than 300 officers. “While his sacrifice is tragic, there is no doubt in my mind he would do it again,” Sacramento County sheriff's Deputy Kristofor Palmer said. Sacramento County Lt. James Gianelli knew French for 21 years. He asked fellow officers to describe the fallen deputy with one word. Their responses were, “Mentor. Reliable. Competent. Unselfish. Class Clown. Patriot. Warrior. Sheep Dog.”A slideshow gave mourners a chance to see French's personal side and love of country. “We all know he loved his boots. His wranglers. His cowboy hats. His Jameson and ginger ale,” said longtime friend Mark DelCarlo. “He always had your back. Up until the last moments of his life.”French leaves behind three adult children, three grandchildren and his girlfriend Kara Merino.“Bobby loved his life. Loved his family. Loved his work,” Merino said. French was killed on the 10-year anniversary of his parents' deaths. Robert Sr. and Patricia French were killed in a plane crash at Cameron Airpark in El Dorado County on Aug. 30, 1997. “I love you. Your parents would be so proud of you. And now you have someone to talk to,” Merino said. A procession followed French's memorial service. He will be buried Friday.
Earlier we had reported that EA had announced that they will be putting a halt on future Battlefield 4 DLCs until they can fix the game, at least get it into a more playable condition. This is due to the numerous complaints and criticisms that EA and DICE have been receiving over how buggy the game is, which EA's VP admitted himself. Well it turns out that while EA's decision to halt future DLCs might sit well with gamers and showed that the company was dedicated to making and publishing great games, investors of the company seemed to think other, as EA's stocks took a dip after they announced their decision.
This is according SeekingAlpha who found that the company's stock went down by 7.3% following the announcement, which we can only assume did not sit well with investors who would rather see the company move forward with newer products, which in turns would generate more revenue for the company. While this might seem a bit superficial, it could have implications on the future of EA and DICE games if the company is unable to meet its December quarter forecasts which could result in a delay of titles such as Star Wars: Battlefront and Mirror's Edge 2.
Filed in . Read more about Battlefield 4 and EA.
Members of an anti-Japanese civic group hold up placards and shout slogans as they rally in front of the Japanese Embassy in Seoul, Friday, in protest of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo a day earlier. / Korea Times photo by Shin Sang-soon
National Assembly to adopt anti-Abe resolution
By Chung Min-uck
Seoul will overhaul its diplomatic policy line toward Tokyo and put on hold meetings with ranking Japanese government officials in the wake of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to Yasukuni Shrine, government officials said Friday.
The government will pursue all diplomatic efforts possible to increase pressure on Japan for its "anachronistic" viewpoint of its imperial history represented by Abe's visit to the shrine in Tokyo that honors the country's war dead, including Class-A war criminals during World War II (1939-45).
"We have been trying really hard to stabilize relations with Japan but Abe's Yasukuni visit has ruined our efforts," said a foreign ministry official, Friday. "Seoul-Tokyo relations remained at a low-ebb and I believe the status quo is likely to continue or even become worse."
Insiders say vice-ministerial strategic talks between Korea and Japan, which were on the verge of being held despite strained bilateral ties, is likely to be postponed without a time limit.
They said Seoul will step up its call for Tokyo to atone for the sexual enslavement of Korean women for its troops and other atrocities committed during the colonial rule of Korea.
They also say Japan's latest provocation is sure to impede ongoing discussions about holding a Korea-Japan summit, which has been delayed because of Japan's refusal to acknowledge its historical misdeeds.
Seoul has been adopting a two-track approach of making no concessions on historical issues, but adopting a forward-looking attitude in dealing with other affairs when dealing with Tokyo.
But observers say Abe's Yasukuni visit may have changed all that.
According to ministry officials, Seoul is seeking to join with other Japan-victimized countries, mainly China, as well as international bodies such as the United Nations to put further pressure on Japan.
Meanwhile, leaders of the ruling and opposition parties ― in a rare example of unity ― called Friday for an anti-Abe resolution, which is expected to be adopted early next week.
"The National Assembly should adopt a resolution to denounce Abe for his silly act, together with the other peoples of Northeast Asia," ruling Saenuri Party floor leader Choi Kyoung-hwan said, adding that Abe stands to lose more than he will gain from his nationalistic actions.
Choi's main opposition Democratic Party counterpart, Jun Byung-hun, proposed that the National Assembly adopt an anti-Abe resolution on Monday, saying Abe's visit to the shrine represents a provocation against peace in Northeast Asia and demanding that the Japanese government apologize.
Experts say the U.S. holds the key to resolve the ongoing conflict in Northeast Asia prompted by Japan.
"Washington must further raise its voice in deterring Japan from moving towards the right," said Hong Hyun-ik, an analyst at the Sejong Institute. "U.S. strategy in Northeast Asia is centered on trilateral cooperation between Washington, Seoul and Tokyo. But now the strategy is about to be twisted because of worsening Seoul-Tokyo relations.
"The U.S. is also responsible for Japan's unreflecting attitude by supporting its move to collective self-defense."
The U.S. State Department on Thursday reiterated Washington's explicit disappointment regarding Abe's act, in what observers view as a possible change in Washington's attitude toward its main Asian ally.
"The U.S. is disappointed that Japan's leadership has taken an action that will exacerbate tensions with Japan's neighbors," Jen Psaki, the department's spokeswoman, said in an emailed statement.
The statement contains exactly the same wording as that issued by the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo earlier.
The U.S. has refrained from commenting openly on Japan's consistent refusal to acknowledge its past misdeeds.
Abe became Japan's first prime minister to pay homage at the Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo since 2006.
The shrine honors 2.5 million war dead, including 14 people convicted as criminals by a 1948 war tribunal and is considered a symbol of Japanese imperialism to its neighbors, including Korea and China.
Posted on by mylifeofcrime
“I am going to the deep ends of hell” Jennifer Kukla told one of her sisters as the sister called 911 to report that Jennifer had stabbed her children to death. Not an easy call to make, especially when you could have been a victim yourself, as Jennifer wanted her to stay when she was there the day before. The 911 call is heartbreaking.
Kukla, who had been drinking and possibly doing drugs before the horrific rampage early Sunday, also stabbed her Pomeranian and its two puppies and stacked them neatly in their cage. Even the pet mouse was found dead from a knife wound, according to the Macomb County Sheriff's Office.
Apparently the family knew she was struggling, not just financially, but emotionally and mentally as well. Jennifer had been having an extremely rough time financially, not able to pay her bills, her car had broken down, and she may have lost her job.
Unable to pay the bills, she lived without electricity and water. She took a taxi to the McDonald's restaurant on 23 Mile where she worked because her car broke down two weeks ago. It was unclear whether she had lost her job recently. A manager at the restaurant declined to comment but said everyone there was trying to cope with the tragedy.
Police have said that they do not have a motive yet, but believe that alcohol may have been a factor. Also, there may be some mental health issues that led to these horrific murders.
Police have said that Kukla's sister made a tearful call to 911 Sunday, reporting to police that her sister said she was under hypnosis, and that “a man's voice was in her head” while she committed the murders.
Jennifer was arraigned on Monday where a plea of “Not Guilty” was entered for her (to those who are horrified by this, please realize that this is basically a normal part of the procedure-it has nothing to do with real innocence or guilt). A preliminary hearing has been set for Feb. 15. It was almost scheduled for Feb. 20, but when the Judge announced that, one of Jennifer's sisters let the Judge know that Feb. 30 would have been Ashley's birthday, so please don't schedule it for that day. He changed it.
Mom accused of stabbing kids held without bond
Mich. mother held in stabbing deaths of 2 girls
Woman Charged in Daughters' Stabbings
Woman Charged in Daughters' Stabbings
Macomb Mom Charged in Murders
Michigan Woman Charged in Stabbings of Daughters, Ages 8 and 5
Mom says she heard voices before killing daughters
Mother Charged In Slaying Of 2 Daughters
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Reddit
Google
Email
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Filed under: crime, murder, murder in the 21st Century | Tagged: 2007, Alexandra Kukla, Ashley Kukla, crimes against children, Family/Domestic Violence, homicide, Jennifer Kukla, Michigan, mothers who kill, stabbing |
SACRAMENTO — Since Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon revealed this week that he had received death threats on social media for his decision to block a single-payer health care bill from advancing this year, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle have pushed back against the highly charged rhetoric and violent images targeting the Democrat.
Labor unions, at least one gubernatorial candidate and lawmakers from both parties have criticized the tenor of the campaign by the California Nurses Association to persuade Rendon to change his mind, including one violent image its leaders circulated — a meme featuring a California bear with a knife bearing Rendon's name stuck in its back.
“A depiction of violence in any form is unacceptable and inappropriate,” tweeted Assemblyman Rudy Salas, D-Bakersfield, with the image of the bear.
Agreed. I have always supported universal healthcare, but there is NO place for violent imagery or words in this debate. Period. https://t.co/Ik30UhXAFg — Lorena (@LorenaSGonzalez) June 28, 2017
On Wednesday, Rendon acknowledged to reporters that he had received death threats on social media. One tweet said someone should check out Rendon's schedule for “baseball practice,” alluding to the recent shooting of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise while the Republican team was practicing for the annual congressional baseball game.
Related Articles Group of Democrats set to unveil Medicare-for-all plan
Editorial: Trump gag rule devastates women's access to health care
With measles surging, ‘the wave is starting to turn back'
Federal judge rejects Attorney General request to block sale of hospitals to Santa Clara County
How do you find joy in living with Alzheimer's? On Friday, Assembly Democrats circulated an open letter signed by all 54 of Rendon's Democratic colleagues, condemning the “bullying tactics, threats of violence and death threats” lobbed at the speaker.
“We have seen the impact of bullying in schools and now in the political arena,” the letter said. “We have written numerous bills to protect persons in school and in the workplace from being harassed and bullied. That is not the type of culture we believe allows for open discourse and good decision-making.”
Republican legislators agreed, with Assembly Republican leader Chad Mayes, R-Yucca Valley, tweeting a link to the letter with the statement: “There is no place for violence in today's political arena. Today it may be @Rendon63 tomorrow it may be another elected. It has to stop.” Other Republicans expressed similar sentiments.
There is no place for violence in today's political arena. Today it may be @Rendon63rd tomorrow it may be another elected. It has to stop. https://t.co/nD54jKMW9p — Asm. Chad Mayes (@ChadMayesCA) June 30, 2017
Don Nielsen, a lobbyist for the California Nurses Association, said Friday that the union does not condone violence and that he was assured by one assemblyman that “the letter is not directed at us, our members or our nurses.”
“That's not what nurses do — they protect and take care of human life,” Nielsen said. “They would not do such a thing.”
Two leading Democratic candidates for governor, state Treasurer John Chiang and Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, released brief statements decrying violence in politics.
“We condemn threats against @Rendon63rd and violence of any kind,” Chiang posted on Twitter Thursday.
Newsom, whom the California Nurses Association has endorsed for governor, wrote, “Threats of violence have no place in our political discourse — on this issue or any other.”
But another Democratic candidate, former Los Angeles mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, appeared to take the nurses' union to task — without specifically naming the group — in a blog post Thursday.
“The organizations and leaders raising the temperature of this discussion to the boiling point should also pause and reflect on their own responsibility to dial down the rhetoric and return to a civil debate,” Villaraigosa wrote. “The supporters of single payer are not responsible for these death threats. But we are all responsible for elevating the level of our civic discourse and speaking out at once against violence and threats.”
As tensions cool, experts say, the question is what will come next — and whether the controversy will hurt the nurses' union or hinder its goal: replacing the private health insurance market with a government-run plan for all.
“I think the nurses probably did make a mistake,” said Sherry Bebitch Jeffe, a veteran political analyst at the University of Southern California. “This is not going to help them.”
Melissa Michelson, a political science professor at Atherton's Menlo College, said she doubted that the nurses' union — which represents a beloved profession — will be politically weakened in the long run. But, she said, it seems that the decision to relentlessly attack a popular fellow Democrat could have been fueled by anger rather than strategic thinking.
She wondered aloud whether the coarsening of American politics in the era of Donald Trump might have something to do with the political bullying.
“Is Trump teaching us that the way to get what you want is to bully them on social media and trash them in public?” she asked. “It's not working for Trump, so I'm not sure why the nurses thought it would work for them.”
In a move that will serve as a booster dose for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ‘Make in India' initiative, the government plans to revive several closed and loss-making pharma public sector units (PSUs).
Five major pharma PSUs need urgent attention, and two of them — Indian Drugs and Pharmaceutical Ltd (IDPL) and Hindustan Antibiotics Ltd — are already receiving resuscitation measures.
“With the policy to close import of bulk drugs, it is very important to revive the defunct or loss-making public pharma companies,” said Hansraj Gangaram Ahir, minister of state, chemicals and fertilisers.
The government has declared 2015 as the ‘Bulk Drugs Year'. “With an aim to strengthen the Make in India initiative, we are targeting to produce 100% of bulk drugs domestically and stop the API imports from China in next two to three years,” Ahir said.
These PSUs will raise funds on their own by selling land holdings with a combined valuation of Rs 1,800 crore. “For IDPL and HAL, we have unused factory land available at prime locations which will be disposed of,” said a senior bureaucrat in the department of pharmaceuticals.
The government is working on a Rs 900-crore revival package for IDPL. “About 50% of the investment would be made in the Balanagar facility, the rest would be used for Gurgaon and Rishikesh plants,” the bureaucrat said.
For HAL, the first drug manufacturing unit in India to undertake commercial production of antibiotics, the government plans to to inject about Rs 900 crore in phases.
First Published: Apr 27, 2015 23:17 IST
NASA/JPL
A massive ice volcano towers over the surface of the dwarf planet Ceres, researchers report today in Science1.
Dubbed Ahuna Mons, the volcano stands 4 kilometres tall, roughly half the height of Mount Everest. Although scientists have spotted potential cryovolcanoes elsewhere in the Solar System — most notably on Pluto2 — the study's authors say that their evidence is the strongest yet.
“This huge mountain was a surprise,” says lead author Ottaviano Ruesch, a planetary scientist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. ”We were expecting to see just fluid plains of lava.”
Ruesch and his colleagues based their analysis on images and other observations collected by NASA's Dawn spacecraft, which began orbiting Ceres in March 2015. Those data demonstrate that the dwarf planet is more than just a cratered ball of rock and ice: it seems to be geologically active, with processes other than crater-forming impacts shaping its surface.
The Dawn images, which have a resolution of 35 metres per pixel, reveal steep slopes covered in debris, and crags and pits on the summit of Ahuna Mons. The mound-like cryovolcano appears to be only a few hundred million years old, making it a relatively recent addition to 4.5-billion-year-old Ceres.
Ref. 1
Slushy start
Ceres's cryovolcano could be a frozen analogue to some volcanoes on Earth — its shape is consistent with that of a spreading volcanic dome such as Mount St Helens in Washington. Such volcanoes do not typically spew lava into the sky; instead, it oozes slowly to the surface, where it forms a dome. The researchers think that Ahuna Mons was formed by the same mechanism, but with slushy ice rather than molten rock.
Surface temperatures on the dwarf planet hover at −113 ºC. Such conditions would normally create ice that is hard as rock, but the authors think that the ice volcano contains chloride and other salts. These could lower the temperature at which water freezes and produce a briny, viscous cryomagma. (Salts may also be present on Ceres' surface, which could explain the mysterious bright spots seen in images from Dawn.)
NASA
Ahuna Mons' unusual domed shape suggests that material such as cryomagma came up from below, says Norbert Schörghofer, an astronomer at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. If that is so, a still-unknown heat source within Ceres must be helping to drive the volcanic activity.
“Ahuna Mons was not something we expected,” says Debra Buczkowski, a planetary geologist at Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland, who is lead author of a Science paper on Ceres's topography3, also published today. Buczkowki's team describes craters criss-crossed with fractures that could be produced by cryomagma rising from within the dwarf planet — another possible indication of cryovolcanism.
But not everyone is convinced that Ceres boasts an ice volcano. Jeffrey Moore, a planetary scientist at NASA Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, California, notes that the smooth area around Ahuna Mons's dome could be a relic of the impact that created an adjacent crater. That event could have melted nearby surface rock.
“The mound remains the most enigmatic feature on Ceres,” Moore says.
With Dawn still in orbit around Ceres, researchers will continue to study the complex geology that underlies Ahuna Mons. “It's not active yet,” Ruesch says. “But we want to make sure. Nature is always so unexpected.”
UPDATE: This is no longer the preferred way of handling routing and layout in Ember. Please read this updated post.
I am long on Ember.js. I previously wrote a brief comparison of some of the more popular javascript frameworks, and Ember came out on top. I am now in the process of incorporating it into GroupTalent in a big way.
Due to the recent origins of Ember, one of its biggest shortcomings is a serious lack of documentation. Its website and some related blog posts focus only on the basics and hello world type examples (read to-do in the js mvc world). A major reason for this is that the patterns required for a complex application have not yet been added to the core Ember.js codebase. That is not to say, however, that complex Ember.js applications are not already being built.
With that in mind, I have decided to write a series of posts detailing some of the libraries and patterns I have been using for Ember development. In this post, I cover creating a multi-page application: all that is required to swap out different pages and sub-pages as well as tieing everything in to the browser location and the HTML5 history API. Specifically I discuss two libraries that I have written, Ember Layout and Ember RouteManager. You can also skip ahead and see an example application in action.
Meet The State Manager
A core construct inside of Ember is the notion of states managed by a state manager. This is used in many places inside the Ember.js codebase, including managing view render states. Thus, it is only natural for this construct to be used to manage the composition of views as well.
In fact, Ember already has primitive support for managing views inside it's core. You can do the following:
App . stateManager = Ember . StateManager . create ({ rootElement : '#content' , section1 : Ember . ViewState . create ({ view : App . section1 }), section2 : Ember . ViewState . create ({ view : App . section2 }) });
Setting the stateManager's state to section1 will automatically append the App.section1 view to the element selected by #content . If the state is then set to section2 the old view will be removed and replaced by App.section2 .
This is sufficient for extremely basic applications, but breaks down when the demands are more complex. This method is restricted to view hierarchies that are only a single level deep - most often not the case. The canonical example of this is a page with a primary navigation and a sub-page that has its own tabbing system. What is really needed here is a way to dynamically nest views arbitrarily deep.
Layouts
Ember Layout adds an intuitive layout mechanism on top of Ember.js. You can see it in action here. It adds the concept of a handlebar {{yield}} helper which can be used to indicate insertion points of dynamically replaceable content. This should be extremely familiar to anyone with a rails background, but with the added notion of being dynamically replaceable.
Here is a code snippet extracted from the example:
App . main = Em . LayoutView . create ({ templateName : 'main' }); App . routeManager = Em . RouteManager . create ({ rootLayout : App . main , ... layoutNesting : App . NavState . create ({ ... viewClass : Em . LayoutView . extend ({ templateName : 'layout-nesting' , }), section1 : App . SubNavState . create ({ ... viewClass : Em . View . extend ({ title : 'Section 1' , templateName : 'section' }) }), ... }) });
And the corresponding template code:
<script type= "text/x-handlebars" data-template-name= "main" > ... < div class = "container" > {{ yield }} < / div> </script>
<script type= "text/x-handlebars" data-template-name= "layout-nesting" > ... < div class = "sub-container" > {{ yield }} < / div> </script>
When the routeManager (i.e. StateManager) goes to the layoutNesting.section1 state, a view instance specified by the viewClass property of the layoutNesting state is inserted into the {{yield}} location in the main template. This newly inserted view also has its own {{yield}} location, which is replaced by the view from the section1 state. Switching to a different state will then automatically reconstruct this view hierarchy.
Routing
At the crux of any single-page web application is a routing system. Although Ember doesn't natively include/endorse any particular routing system, it plays well with almost anything out there. Options include SprouteCore Routing and Sammy.js.
Ideally, however, due to Ember's proclivity towards states, a state-based routing solution seems like the most natural fit. This makes even more sense when taken in the context of the view composition system already being state-based.
Ember RouteManager is exactly that, a state-based routing solution. It introduces an extension of StateManager called RouteManager. Consider the following code (irrelevant parts snipped) from the example:
App . routeManager = Em . RouteManager . create ({ rootLayout : App . main , home : App . NavState . create ({ ... }), layoutNesting : App . NavState . create ({ path : 'layout-nesting' , ... section1 : App . SubNavState . create ({ path : 'section1' , ... }), section2 : App . SubNavState . create ({ path : 'section2' , ... }), ... }), routeParameters : App . NavState . create ({ path : 'route-parameters' , ... items : Em . LayoutState . create ({ ... }), item : Em . LayoutState . create ({ path : ':itemId' , // specify the path to take a parameter ... }) }) });
I'm not going to go into detail here, but suffice it to say that each possible route is captured as a leaf node in the state tree. State's can have an optional path property which dictates how the routes map to states in the routeManager. Paths can consist of dynamic parameters ( :parameterName ), wildcards ( * ), regular expressions, and static paths. For example, from the above code: setting the browser location to #/routeParameters/5 would map to the routeParameters.item state with the :itemId parameter being populated by 5 . Since these states are also layout states, this will also automatically update the view hierarchy as well.
The beauty of this approach is the de-coupling of application state from absolute routes. For some reason, many frameworks enforce a holistic view of the routing system, treating it as a list of mappings from routes to actions. With RouteManager's approach, state definitions are agnostic to the parts of the route corresponding to their parent, and instead only focus on their local part.
Much of the code inside RouteManager is originally based on SproutCore routing. Thus, it can also use the HTML 5 history api by setting the wantsHistory property.
Caveat
The caveat here is that what I am describing is likely to change as Ember.js evolves. The libraries I have presented are still immature and more conceptual than fully formed. Ultimately Ember's core will have a solution for this and I will update this post when that is the case.
Stay tuned for the next post in this series where I cover data persistence.
Politicians are failing to take growing poverty levels seriously, according to Kieran Stafford, the new national president of the Society of St Vincent De Paul (SVP).
Politicians are failing to take growing poverty levels seriously, according to Kieran Stafford, the new national president of the Society of St Vincent De Paul (SVP).
The SVP said there had been a 25pc rise in families qualifying for social housing, and a quarter of single-parent families lived in constant poverty. Mr Stafford was speaking at the SVP's pre-budget submission for Budget 2018.
The Government last week announced the Back to School Clothing and Footwear Allowance would increase this year from €100 to €125 for children under 12 and from €200 to €250 for children 12 and over.
However, these increases still leave the rate at 30pc below the 2011 allowances. Direct Provision rates will also increase from August. The rate for children will rise from €15.60 to €21.60 per week and for adults from €19.10 to €21.60 per week.
"While there is still some way to go to reach the levels sought by SVP, the increases are moving in the right direction - and we hope Budget 2018 will bring further increases to the levels we have sought," said Mr Stafford.
Sunday Independent
Bamby Salcedo describes the past month of her life in one word: “devastation.” It was late August when the activist and community organizer first learned about the ongoing injectable estrogen shortage in the United States, which has been gradually impacting the lives of transgender women and Bamby Salcedo describes the past month of her life in one word: “devastation.” It was late August when the activist and community organizer first learned about the ongoing injectable estrogen shortage in the United States, which has been gradually impacting the lives of transgender women and transfeminine people like herself for over a year now. As the nation's supply dries up, trans people who rely on injectable estrogen are panicking.
“Members of the community are not finding out” about the shortage, Salcedo told me. “I don't think many service providers even know about it. I still have not received notice from a doctor.” In fact, if it weren't for an acquaintance who works at the clinic she goes to, Salcedo, who founded the Los Angeles-based “Members of the community are not finding out” about the shortage, Salcedo told me. “I don't think many service providers even know about it. I still have not received notice from a doctor.” In fact, if it weren't for an acquaintance who works at the clinic she goes to, Salcedo, who founded the Los Angeles-based TransLatin@ Coalition in 2009 to advocate for the needs of trans Latinx immigrants in the U.S., might still be in the dark about the status of her medication, which she described as “life-saving.”
Synthetic estrogen plays a crucial role for trans women and transfeminine people who choose to undergo Out magazine's website broke the news of the Synthetic estrogen plays a crucial role for trans women and transfeminine people who choose to undergo hormone replacement therapy as a means of medically transitioning. Yet the growing disappearance of its injectable form from the pharmaceutical market has gone largely unnoticed beyond the circles of those affected. Salcedo said that she has “not seen any” media coverage of the shortage, despite the subject's constant presence on her various social media feeds. That's not surprising. In the eight weeks sinceOutmagazine's website broke the news of the “Injectable Estrogen Shortage That's Leaving Trans Women in Crisis,” very few outlets have picked up the story. This silence, Salcedo told me, must be broken.
“They would not deny a person who is diabetic their medication, right?” she asked. “Access to hormones saves lives. Not having this medication puts us in danger.”
For the unfamiliar, the hormone estrogen has the ability to affect the body's expression of secondary sex characteristics such as fat cell distribution, breast development, and the appearance of pores. People taking injectable estrogen administer the hormone directly into the muscle approximately every two weeks—typically in 40 milligram doses, although less concentrated 20 milligrams and 10 milligram doses are also manufactured.
And more broadly, hormone replacement therapy—which can also include testosterone-blocking anti-androgens and, less commonly, progestogens—has the power to change the lives of trans women and transfeminine people, both psychologically and physically. Going on hormones can reduce the chances that a trans person will be misgendered when they leave their home. Going on hormones can reduce the chances that they will be harassed or targeted for violence. The world can be a violently hostile place for trans and gender nonconforming people: The And more broadly, hormone replacement therapy—which can also include testosterone-blocking anti-androgens and, less commonly, progestogens—has the power to change the lives of trans women and transfeminine people, both psychologically and physically. Going on hormones can reduce the chances that a trans person will be misgendered when they leave their home. Going on hormones can reduce the chances that they will be harassed or targeted for violence. The world can be a violently hostile place for trans and gender nonconforming people: The majority of reported homicides in 2015 in which the victim was LGBTQ and/or HIV-affected were trans and gender nonconforming people, and over half of those people murdered were black trans women and trans women of color
Not every trans person chooses to medically transition. Not every trans person is socioeconomically privileged enough to make that choice in the first place. But for the trans women and transfeminine people who do, Bamby Salcedo said, the regimen has the potential to make that “target” on their backs just a little bit smaller.
T he injectable estrogen shortage, which reportedly began about 19 months ago, is the result of slow-moving corporate and bureaucratic processes stretching from private pharmaceutical companies to the federal government. These companies include Par Pharmaceutical, which manufactures brand name Delestrogen, and Perrigo Company, which is responsible for generic alternative estradiol valerate.
Heather Zoumas Lubeski, the senior director of corporate affairs at Par Pharmaceutical's parent company, said that the shortage began once the supplier for Delestrogen's active pharmaceutical ingredient, estradiol, stopped producing the material. Par has found a new supplier, but the company cannot distribute it until they have received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Once they receive approval, the supplier will be able to ship “immediately,” Lubeski said, although she could not say how long the FDA's approval process will take. Lubeski also declined to name the previous or current estradiol suppliers. Perrigo Company did not respond to a request for comment.
Medication shortages happen “all the time,” said Dr. Asa Radix, senior director of research and education at New York City's Medication shortages happen “all the time,” said Dr. Asa Radix, senior director of research and education at New York City's Callen-Lorde Community Health Center . But usually, medical providers can switch from brand name to generic, or vice-versa, until the shortage is over. Since the FDA holdup is affecting both Delestrogen and Perrigo's alternative, that is not an option.
The effects of the shortage are still trickling down nationwide, and the availability of injectable estrogen can vary from clinic to clinic. When the preferred 40 milligram doses ran out at Callen-Lorde, the LGBTQ-focused service provider began doubling up on 20 milligram doses. When they depleted their 20 milligram supply, they started quadrupling 10 milligram doses. Due to its lower concentration, this dose requires 40 milliliters of fluid to be injected into the muscle in a single sitting, an experience that Radix described as incredibly “uncomfortable” for the person to whom that muscle belongs.
“We need the 40 milligram dose,” they said.
The shortage has not affected the supply of non-injectable forms of estrogen at present, but many trans women and transfeminine people prefer injections over the hormone's patch and tablet forms. Some feel that injectable estrogen is more effective than its alternatives. Others do not like the fact that the patch and the tablet must be administered far more frequently than the injectable estrogen that they are used to: The patch is applied once or twice a week, and the tablet is taken daily. Understandably, some people would rather not sign up for a new medication regimen, and one that's more rigorous, especially when physical changes like breast development and fat-cell redistribution could be temporarily affected. Switching from an injection every other week to a daily tablet also makes some trans women and transfeminine people more vulnerable to involuntary disclosure of their identity, which could have life-threatening consequences should their family members, roommates, or coworkers react negatively.
It's crucial for medical providers to respect patients' wishes when it comes to the medications they choose to put in their bodies, said Sasanka Jinadasa, the capacity building and community resource manager at It's crucial for medical providers to respect patients' wishes when it comes to the medications they choose to put in their bodies, said Sasanka Jinadasa, the capacity building and community resource manager at HIPS , a nonprofit that promotes harm reduction among people and communities impacted by sex work and drug use in Washington, D.C.. This holds true for patients with means and those without. Both groups will be directly affected by the shortage at some point, but those on the more vulnerable end of the spectrum—uninsured trans people, low-income trans people, undocumented trans people, trans people of color, incarcerated trans people—will be impacted harder.
T he injectable estrogen shortage and the lack of awareness among those affected are just the latest entries in a transgender medical history rife with bias, discrimination, and inaccessibility. In 2015, the Movement Advancement Project he is injectable estrogen shortage and the lack of awareness among those affected are just the latest entries in a transgender medical history rife with bias, discrimination, and inaccessibility. In 2015, the Movement Advancement Project found that 70% of trans people reported being discriminated against by their medical providers, while 19% said that they were refused care outright. Forty-one states offer no legal protection against healthcare discrimination on the basis of gender identity or sexual orientation, leaving many trans people to seek alternatives outside of the mainstream healthcare industry.
For many trans people, that means seeking injectable estrogen on the street or through other underground channels—all of which could be affected by the shortage, too. “Street-based hormones is a pretty readily available market,” said Jinadasa. Indeed, she said, the transgender people with whom she works have never had trouble getting injectable estrogen this way, adding, “some don't even access medical providers to begin with.”
While Callen-Lorde's Radix warns against the use of any medication that is not obtained through a certified medical provider, these official routes aren't an option for every trans person, especially if they are uninsured or are low-income. Even if access is made available, they might still prefer to go through a member of the community with a prescription whom they love and trust over risking yet another discriminatory interaction within an institutional system.
“People just have such bad relationships with the [healthcare] system,” Jinadasa added. “They see how this system fails trans folks over and over. Even if insurance covers [hormones], they might see it as something to keep up with that's only going to fail them.”
Street hormones may have offered a somewhat workable solution for uninsured or lower-income trans people until now, but if the medical shortage reaches this vulnerable community, the effects could be disastrous. The problem boils down to the fact that a lot of street hormones are originally obtained from certified medical providers in the U.S., said Jinadasa, which will disappear from the market once a provider runs out. In decreasing the overall supply of injectable estrogen, the shortage will drive up the price of hormones on the street. For a lower-income person whose lack of socioeconomic privilege drove them outside the mainstream healthcare market in the first place, such an increase would be untenable.
“It's really difficult for some people to just get places. Taking the bus or taking the Metro to go to a medical provider appointment on the other side of the city could cost $3 or $4, which might not be something everybody has,” said Jinadasa. “They could use that money to buy food or they could use that money to get to a medical appointment, which doesn't seem as immediately useful. Underground markets exist for so many needs.”
When those markets dry up, the people who rely on them could find themselves out of money, out of hormones, and facing grave threats to their health, safety, and wellbeing.
No matter where they get their hormones, all trans women and transfeminine people who take injectable estrogen will be affected by the shortage, if they haven't been already.
Suppliers told pharmacists that the injectable estrogen shortage would last until at least October, according to Suppliers told pharmacists that the injectable estrogen shortage would last until at least October, according to Out and The Guardian ‘s reporting , but Callen-Lorde's Radix doubts that the shortage will end next month, and representatives from the companies that make injectable estrogen aren't commenting.
“This is a life or death situation for people,” said Bamby Salcedo of the TransLatin@ Coalition. “If pharmaceutical companies do not take on the fact that these are our lives that we're talking about, if they don't do the right thing to save the lives of our people, they are participating in what is called institutional violence. They are sending the message that society, as a whole, thinks we are disposable. That we are not worth it. That we are not valuable. That it is OK to kill us. We need to hold pharmaceutical companies accountable. Our lives are in their hands.”
