Update June 20, 2017: As it turns out, Claire Redfield isn't the only Resident Evil character losing her voice actress.
Leon Kennedy's voice actor Matt Mercer will likely be recast in the Resident Evil 2 remake for the same reasons as Allyson Court's replacement. Mercer tweeted confirmation of the decision when speaking to a fan. It looks like this may be the beginning of a wave of replacements if Capcom is indeed going non-union with its voice performances.
Read more: the best PC horror games.
Original, June 16, 2017:Claire Redfield's voice actress will not be reprising her role for the Resident Evil 2 remake, she has revealed.
Alyson Court, the Canadian actress who has played Redfield six times, says the game will feature a non-union actress instead.
In recent months, actor's unions have sought better compensation for performers. The SAG-AFTRA union strike, which began on October 21st last year, is part of that and is still ongoing. Court is a member of the Canadian union ACTRA, whose performers have been refusing struck work in solidarity with US union actors.
In a video uploaded just as E3 kicked off, Court says she was first contacted by the Resident Evil 2 remake's producer a year and a half ago. Shortly afterwards, her agent was emailed by two different companies competing to work on localisation and motion capture for the project.
Both localisation companies expressed an interest in having Court return to her role as Redfield. But once the contract was won, the winning company informed Court they would no longer need her services.
“I would have done it, because I know you guys wanted me to, and I really appreciate your support,” Court says. “I appreciate the outrage you had towards Capcom and everybody involved. But unfortunately, as far as I know they chose to go non-union with the voice performances.”
In a follow-up video, Court added that, if the decision was made to avoid union restrictions, “it's petty, it's disrespectful to me and the other performance artists out there. Everyone deserves a proper wage for what they're doing.”
A petition has already sprung up in support of Court.
Earlier this week, we reported that Ashly Burch, the actress behind Life is Strange's Chloe, would not be returning to the role as a result of the SAG-AFTRA voice actor strike.
Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump answers a question during the second Republican presidential debate Wednesday at the Reagan Library in Simi Valley, Calif. Monday, Trump vowed to "restructure" the student loan process to make it "really good for the student." Pool photo by Max Whittaker/UPI | License Photo
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22 (UPI) -- Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump vowed Monday to restructure the student loan process to stop the government's profiting off student loans, saying he will make it "really good for the student."
Trump, during a Twitter chat, said it's "not fair" that the government profits off student loans, in response to a question about how he plans to fix the student debt crisis.
"We're going to restructure it. We're going to make it possible for people to borrow money, go through college, get through it, we're going to make it so it's very affordable. Right now, it's not fair," he said. "It's one of the only places, frankly, where our country actually makes money and they make a lot of money. And that should not take place. We're going to make it really good for the student."
Some 43 million people, most under age 40, owe an estimated $1.2 trillion in outstanding student loan debt. The average balance is about $30,000. A growing number of borrowers have been unable, or unwilling, to pay back the loans.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE is ready to run on President Obama's record when it comes to the economy.
Clinton allies say that if the former secretary of State does in fact announce a second bid for the presidency this year, they expect that she'll tether herself to a main slice of Obama's legacy.
ADVERTISEMENT
A series of economic reports including Friday's positive jobs numbers is adding to Democratic confidence that the economy will finally be a winner for Obama in his last two years in office, and that it will help the Democratic White House candidate in 2016.
But even as Clinton embraces Obama's economic record, they expect her to telegraph that more needs to be done to help the middle class, a message Obama will highlight in his State of the Union address later this month.
They also predict that Clinton will present policies distinct from those of the Obama administration she served, and even her own husband's administration, which is regularly credited with presiding over years of strong economic growth.
This tack, allies say, will allow her to to carve out her own identity and provide her with the opportunity to speak about education, making housing more affordable and helping younger Americans find jobs and build her own narrative.
“She'll be running armed with the current information and with programs and plans and polices that she wants to support,” said Ellen Tauscher, the former congresswoman who serves as undersecretary for Arms Control and International Security Affairs at the State Department under Clinton.
Democratic strategist Jim Manley said that he expects Clinton to “keep pretty close to the administration's basic economic policies. But, he added, “I wouldn't be surprised if she found ways to exploit the growing debate on economic equality.”
One longtime Clinton ally agrees with that sentiment. This source said Clinton would argue for “a Main Street platform that combines certain kinds of tax reform, trade agreements and investment strategies, perhaps fashioned around overarching goals.”
“This is an approach that a Republican candidate could choose to take too; what will matter is who does it best,” the ally said.
Republicans—from the RNC to the superPAC America Rising-- are already working to portray Clinton as a third term for Obama.
“She has no choice but to own the Obama economic agenda because she has been in lock-step with him on it ever since 2008,” Tim Miller, the executive director for America Rising, said Friday.
Miller said healthcare will fall under Obama's economic package and Clinton has no choice but to own that piece as well. The bookHRC State Secrets and the Rebirth of Hillary Clinton, revealed that the secretary of state played a role in pushing along Obamacare. She voiced her support for it in a cabinet meeting and spoke to lawmakers about the issue, even though Secretaries of State rarely get involved in domestic matters.
“He took her healthcare plan and then she whipped votes for it,” Miller said. “There is no path for her to distance herself from him on it.”
Clinton allies say they are aware that Republicans will do everything to tie her to Obama's policies.
But as Tauscher cautioned, Republicans have to be careful invoking that Clinton could be a third term Obama because Democrats could very easily say that Jeb Bush or other Republican candidates could be a third term for George W. Bush, who was president during the economic meltdown.
The Democratic National Committee was quick to strike back at Jeb Bush's intentions to run for president on Friday, putting out a release accusing the Bush team of being “the same people who not once but twice were at the helm as our nation headed into recessions, one of which was our worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.”
The plan to embrace Obama's economic record differs from Clinton's approach to Obama on foreign policy.
Even though she serves as Obama's secretary of state, she has made a point of highlighting her differing views and strategies on Syria. In an interview with The Atlantic, she said that the administration's decision not to get involved in the Syrian conflict was a “failure.”
People in Clintonworld have also signaled recently that she would have taken a different approach to ISIS.
“You never want to be a Monday morning quarterback on these issues because who knows how things would ultimately turn out but Obama has been passive on these issues,” one former Clinton aide told The Hill in September. “She would have taken a more aggressive approach.”
When it comes to the economy though, Clinton could face a different set of challenges in a Democratic primary.
Progressives have bashed her support of Wall Street and have insinuated that she cares more about protecting the well-heeled over the middle class.
But Tauscher pushed back at that notion calling that debate “distracting.”
“The question should be how do we get a Main Street thriving and doing well and how do we get a responsible Wall Street that is stimulating jobs,” she said. “It's not an either or.”
It's still about a a couple of weeks away but local game shops are already starting to hype up the all new Nintendo Switch, coming out on March 3, by putting up pre-orders for the new console! If you're still on the fence about getting one, check out the video below:
The Switch is an interesting concept, one that seemingly merges that line between console and handheld. You can choose to play the Switch on the dock, which translates to playing your games on a big screen, or you can choose to also play on the go. As a gamer myself, I am HYPED for the switch, although part of me still wants to see what other games are lined up for this console. It may be too early to tell, but a few games have already caught my attention (Zelda, Mario Kart, Fire Emblem, and Super Mario).
Pre-orders are happening now at local game stores like Datablitz, and it seems that the Switch will be sold as a package, with the details below:
Nintendo Switch Console
Nintendo Switch Dock
Joy-Con (L) Blue – there is also the gray bundle variant
Joy-Con (R) Red – there is also the gray bundle variant
Joy-Con Wrist Straps
Joy-Con Grip
High Speed HDMI Cable
Nintendo Switch AC Adapter
The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild Game
1-2 Switch Game
The Switch will retail in the US for 300$ but seeing as local pre-orders have 2 games bundled in the package, we can expect the estimated SRP on this to be somewhere between PHP 22,000 to 27,000. Pre-orders for the Switch will require a 5,000php downpayment which will be subtracted from the total cost upon launch, which is tentatively scheduled on March 3.
Are you getting the Switch on launch day? let us know your thoughts on the Switch and what other games will you be getting for it? In the meantime, take a peek at arguably the biggest Switch launch title to date, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild!
Uber drivers who pay a visit to the company's inspection lot near Mission Bay in San Francisco will be met with a rather strange sight: a five-foot-tall, white, egg-shaped robot wheeling around the lot, on the look-out for trouble.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
The robot is a K5, a 300-pound security robot made by Silicon Valley start-up Knightscope. It's a stand-in for a human security guard. Stacy Stephens, Knightscope's VP of marketing, says Uber is a recent customer of the company. The bot was spotted by friend of Fusion, Alan Sanchez, who stopped to take a photo of the bot and found that when he did, the robot stopped moving around to focus its stare on him:
The robot has multiple high-definition cameras for 360-degree vision, a thermal camera, a laser rangefinder, a weather sensor, a license-plate recognition camera, four microphones, and person recognition capabilities. Once set up in a geofenced area, "it roams around looking for anomalies," said Stephens.
Advertisement
If someone suspicious comes into the lot, or starts messing with a car, the robot can't tase them or break out any weapons. (It may look like a Dalek but it's less lethal.) Instead the robot can set off an alarm, send a signal to human security personnel, and record everything that person does to be used against them later by police.
Knightscope customers don't buy the machines. They rent them, usually two at a time, so one can charge its battery while the other patrols. The cost is $7 an hour.
"For the cost of a single-shift security guard, you get a machine that will patrol for 24 hours a day 7 days a week," said Stephens, citing wages of $25 to $35 hour for a human security guard. Stephens said two large security companies have already signed deals with Knightscope. The robots are coming for our jobs. Sorry humans!
Advertisement
The financial appeal is obvious. And if the robot gets beat up by a bunch of kids, which kids seem to enjoy doing, you don't have to pay it workman's comp. (They may not be the last Uber jobs to go to the bots.)
When asked why it hired the robot or whether it's detected any trouble, Uber did not respond to requests for comment. Stephens said the lot on Vermont Street is the only one for which Uber has hired robots.
Knightscope, which launched in beta in 2014, has so far only deployed its robots in California locations. Stephens says you'll find them at corporate campuses, logistics centers, shopping centers, and data centers. On Instagram, lots of people who have spotted them at Stanford Shopping Center have tagged their posts #securityrobot.
Advertisement
"If someone comes into the area and creates a disturbance, you've got evidence, photos of people, their license plates, a lot of forensic evidence you wouldn't have had previously," said Stephens.
When I said it sounded like a security camera that moves around, Stephens seemed offended.
Advertisement
"That oversimplifies it because there are so many sensors," he said. And he said criminals would be deterred by "the gut-wrenching feeling of an intimidating physical presence."
Stephens would not give me any stats around how many arrests have resulted because of the robot patrols, but he did offer up an anecdote about a security success story for an unnamed client.
"The robots were patrolling at 2 a.m. Some clown came onto the property and was engaging our machine in a way that suggested he was going to attempt damage," said Stephens. "He was kicking and punching at the machine. It set off all the alarms and sent an alert to the security guard's mobile device. When that happened, this guy turned white and took off like a little girl. We turned the evidence over to police, who said it made him a suspect in some vehicle break-ins that occurred around the same time in the direction he ran."
Advertisement
If nothing else Knightscope certainly has some very amusing footage of would-be criminals.
The Impossible Burger, Momofuku Nishi Style Impossible Foods
I'm sorry, but burgers suck. Sure, juicy meat pucks may be among my favorite stomach stuffers, but meat has so many guilt-inducing problems. Are there any restaurants where I can ingest the greasy bovine disks I crave without killing cows, the environment and myself, all without forfeiting the beefy goodness? One joint is answering my prayers with a bloody veggie burger. New York restaurant Momofuku Nishi will be the first to serve the Impossible Burger, a veggie-based bleeding-but-not-bleating burger alternative from Silicon Valley startup Impossible Foods, starting tomorrow. Eater reports:
[Impossible Foods Founder Patrick Brown] says it's all part of an effort to reduce the environmental impact from eating meat. The ingredient list includes water, textured wheat protein, coconut oil, and "natural flavors," but the key ingredient to getting that meat look is "heme," a molecule found in animals but less prevalent in plants.
Heme is the Impossible Burger's secret. It's an iron-containing molecule and part of the more familiar hemoglobin, a protein with the heme molecule attached. Heme gives blood its red color and iron-y flavor. Meatless burgers that taste more like beef than vegetables suspended in glue would be a major boon. Agriculture represents around 10 percent of the United States' total greenhouse gas emissions according to the EPA, much of that from cow farts. Plus, while I'm still a bit skeptical of this one, the World Health Organization reports that a "every 50 gram portion of processed meat eaten daily increases the risk of colorectal cancer by about 18 percent." Also, this may come as a surprise, but beef burgers require killing cattle, and if you've ever read Michael Pollan you'd know that there's a whole lot of issues with the beef industry. If a product has everything in common with a burger except doesn't have those three huge problems, well, that's awesome.
The Impossible Burger, showing its pink inside... just like real beef! Impossible Foods
Concertgoers at Merriweather Post Pavilion can expect shorter lines this summer, as the outdoor music venue installs more concession stands and restrooms in renovations that began in February.
The changes are part of the first phase of a multiyear, $19 million-plus facelift, which will also include integrating new seats and raising the pavilion and stage roofs. The goal is to get the bulk of the renovations complete in 2017, when Merriweather celebrates its 50th anniversary. "Let's take Merriweather to the next generation or two generations down the road," Merriweather general manager Brad Canfield said during a Tuesday morning tour of the site, as he pointed out changes in the biggest transformation in the venue's history. Howard Hughes Corp. plans to modernize the 47-year-old amphitheater's aging facilities and help it compete for bigger acts. County officials and residents see the renovation as a critical component of downtown Columbia's revitalization.
Construction crews work on the new box office opening June 1 at Merriweather Post Pavilion. -Photography by Julekha Dash
"It's a central focal point of arts and culture and a real anchor of the town center of Columbia," says former Howard County executive Ken Ulman, who now owns his own consulting firm and has been a big proponent of the renovations. "Its role is a catalyst for future redevelopment." The renovations will continue after the concert season debuts May 1, but construction crews will stop their work before each show. Most of the summer renovations are clustered in the west plaza, which is to the right of the stage. A new box office will open June 1, while a larger merchandise area and concession stand selling burritos, grilled cheese sandwiches, and margaritas will open later in the month. New restrooms and another larger concession stand selling everything from pizzas to nachos and soft pretzels will open in August near the pavilion, making it a quicker trip for folks who purchase seats. Additionally, there will be some local food and drink served, as Hagerstown-based Hoffman's Quality Meats will supply hot dogs, pulled pork, and sausage and Union Craft Brewing will sell beer. The new concessions will also have more refrigeration space and a dedicated kitchen so guests can get their hot dogs fresh off the grill rather than waiting for them to be shuttled from the other side of the venue. "The idea is that these restrooms and snacks serve people [seated] in the pavilion," though they will be open to everyone, says Canfield. "We can keep more fresh food and cook it faster. It will bring us closer to made-to-order cooking."
A view of the amphitheater, lawn, and new construction at the outdoor music venue. -Photography by Julekha Dash
Main Deck ( 60 cards)
Sideboard ( 15 cards)
Submit a list of cards below to bulk import them all into your sideboard. Post one card per line using a format like "4x Birds of Paradise" or "1 Blaze", you can even enter just the card name by itself like "Wrath of God" for single cards.
Start typing a card name and use the auto-complete feature to quickly select the card you're trying to add. Enter a quantity and add that card to your sideboard!
Deck Description
Tokens!
Purphoros, God of the Forge, every time I spawn a token it deals 2 damage to your opponent
Dictate of Erebos, when a useless token dies it takes another creature with it, this works very well if you instant spawn a token with Raise the alarm or Mardu Charm and blocks some attacking creatures
Also thought about having Whip of Erebos for lifelink and reanimating Ponyback brigade and having Wingmate Roc
Since taking over as Japan's prime minister in December, Shinzo Abe and his conservative Liberal Democratic Party have been juggling a packed agenda of complicated issues, including reviving the country's economy, coping with the aftermath of the 2011 earthquake and tsunami and managing prickly relations with neighbors like North Korea. Stirring up extraneous controversy is counterproductive, but that's exactly what he and his nationalist allies in Parliament have done.
On Tuesday, a group of 168 mostly low-ranking conservative lawmakers visited the Yasukuni Shrine in central Tokyo, which honors Japan's war dead, including several who were executed as war criminals after World War II. It was the largest mass visit by Parliament in recent memory. The Japanese news media said that Mr. Abe didn't visit the shrine, instead sending a ritual offering, but his deputy prime minister and two other ministers made a pilgrimage there over the weekend. He has a record of defending Japan's conduct during World War II.
Mr. Abe and his allies know well what a deeply sensitive issue this is for China and South Korea, which suffered under Japan's 20th-century empire-building and militarism, and the reaction was predictable. On Monday, South Korea canceled a visit to Japan by its foreign minister and China publicly chastised Japan. On Tuesday, tensions were further fueled when Chinese and Japanese boats converged on disputed islands in the East China Sea.
Japan and China both need to work on a peaceful solution to their territorial issues. But it seems especially foolhardy for Japan to inflame hostilities with China and South Korea when all countries need to be working cooperatively to resolve the problems with North Korea and its nuclear program.
Pre-Order Album
If you follow Dillon Francis on Instagram (which you should…because it's awesome) you may recall his post with a little tease of a moombathon track. Or maybe you saw him at a mega festival like EDC, and heard the track live? Well for those of you who've been waiting to hear the finished version, it's online and ready to blast.
‘I Can't Take It' is the latest preview from his first artist album Money Sucks, Friends Rule, and it's a big one alright. In the words of Francis himself, the song is about, “everyone needing to stop pidgeonholing producers into one genre, and also about the fucking Taco Bell on Beverley constantly running out of Fire Hot Sauce because I can't fucking take it no more!”
Well to be honest then, we kinda have to thank that Taco Bell for running out hot sauce because this is pretty freaking huge. A simple intro with a punchy kick and plucky melody, leads into a heavily distorted “I can't take it any more” vocal, which is pitch-bent like crazy through the build up; the drop is different from the in-progress Instagram preview, but is much cleaner and has an certain attitude about it that practically screams…well…”I can't take it.”
If you're lovin' what you're hearing, pre-order his debut album on iTunes. Better still, if you wanna see him live, Dillon has a huge North American tour going on, that's going to run through to the new year. For more information and tickets, head over to the official website.
John Adams once wrote: "Our constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other." Alexis de Tocqueville wrote in Democracy in America that if one is to be dogmatic, he should be so in religion rather than politics, because compromise is essential in a democracy. And the great theologian C.S. Lewis said sick society would focus on politics as a sick man focuses on his digestion.
After a momentous two weeks in which the United States has tottered near default, brokered a weak compromise, seen the stock market seesaw wildly, and had a credit rating agency downgrade US debt for the first time in seven decades, things certainly look unhealthy. It's easy to point fingers: Take your pick. Most Americans trust Washington as much as Wall Street, which ranks just above used car dealers. But before we blame others, consider what those three great moral thinkers are saying.
Would they suggest in today's turmoil that we look to our own moral character – take the log from our own eyes, as Christ Jesus put it – before demonizing others?
I have a degree in political science, have spent three decades on Wall Street, and have written five books on the morality of political economy. So I am fascinated by the connections among the private, public, and independent sectors of our economy. Despite the cynicism toward Washington, I believe our true problem reflects the flawed thinking that has created the impasse between those who believe that government is the answer and those who have faith that "capitalism will save us," as Steve Forbes has written. Strange as it may seem, the heart of this economics debate is moral, even religious, particularly among cultural elites.
Each year, UCLA conducts a study of incoming freshmen to our universities. Before the late 1960s, when the influence of religion was stronger, most said they were attending college to master a meaningful way of life. Relatively few, the business students perhaps, said they were coming primarily to learn how to make money. The lines representing those percentages crossed during the early 1970s.
Today's baby boomer elites, regardless of profession, seem preoccupied with obtaining wealth. They read magazines like Money and Self, something inconceivable to their grandparents, who read newspapers with religion sections larger than today's business sections. This cultural shift in values is part of what sociologists term post-modernism. Broadly, the term means we no longer believe in a single Truth.
The Judeo-Christian ethic that virtue and altruism are to be valued more highly than material accumulation has largely been replaced by the post-modern belief that there are many truths. A Christian's idea of moderation in all things coexists with the $10-million-a-year athlete and the CEO's mantra that he should be paid what the market will bear.
In the Judeo-Christian tradition, "there is only one ethics, one set of rules of morality, one code, that of individual behavior in which the same rules apply to everyone alike," writes management consultant Peter Drucker, who once taught theology. "And this fundamental axiom business denies.... Business ethics assumes that for some reason the ordinary rules of ethics do not apply to business."
Similarly, the Judeo-Christian ethic mandates the personal care of neighbors, which is in tension with the view of those elites who believe it's government's responsibility.
These multiple truths complicate politics. When held dogmatically, they make it nearly impossible to find common ground, which Tocqueville said is crucial to civility and prosperity in a democracy. As a result, politicians in a post-modern world spend a lot of time talking past each other.
What's different today is the rise of the tea party on the far right end of the spectrum. Libertarians want radically limited government. One extreme strand of this ideology, in particular, has been gaining influence: the notion that no one needs to care for the poor – and that government definitely shouldn't. This reflects the moral philosophy of Ayn Rand, a dogmatic atheist who thought CEO-types would save us.
As a conservative at heart, I've supported Republican causes much of my life. But Ms. Rand was no conservative. In her words, she was a “radical for capitalism.” After three decades on Wall Street, where this pernicious brand of corporate elitism ran amok before the Great Recession, I've grown increasingly worried for the health of our republic. I now believe her philosophy has been a major factor in America's tax policies, excessive CEO compensation, and increasing concentration of wealth among the affluent.
Very few Americans today know who Rand was, much less the sway her ideas now hold over today's tea party, and by extension the Republican Party, and by further extension, our economy. Rand's tome "Atlas Shrugged" has been cited by the Library of Congress as the second most influential book in America, just after the Bible. The Economist magazine has said her individualism and antigovernment philosophy shaped Reaganomics, primarily through former Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan, who literally sat at Rand's feet for years.
Rep. Paul Ryan (R) of Wisconsin, who has headed the GOP effort to cut entitlement spending, requires his staff to read "Atlas Shrugged." Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas is a fan of Rand's thinking. Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck have preached her gospel on right-wing radio and television. Even many leaders of the religious right (Chuck Colson excepted) have tried to integrate her thought with that of Christ, as diametrically opposed as they are.
The irony is that Rand wanted to be remembered as "the greatest enemy of religion ever," which may be why local tea party groups have disbanded rather than support the goals of socially conservative Christians. Her ideas may have shaped Reaganomics, but she fought the Reagan candidacy because she rejected his Calvinistic vision of America being a "city on a hill." She also rejected Nobel laureate economist F.A. Hayek, a champion of libertarians, because he argued that government might help stimulate an economy during a depression.
So today's impasse between the welfare-statists (who think our government should maintain full care for the boomers, even if it bankrupts the nation) and the tea party activists (who apparently think our needy and elderly should just get jobs) deepens as America sinks into European-style secularism.
In more religious times, the teachings of Christ Jesus helped unite most of us by providing a third way: each of us caring for our neighbors, particularly those in need, in a loving, voluntary manner. Yet should some decline that moral responsibility, as Rand did, Christ suggested the law of Moses would remain a moral necessity, since the poor will be always with us. That law required the affluent to round the corners of square fields and leave the second picking of grapes for the poor.
With the secularization of America, that moderate way -- rendering "to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's" -- has nearly disappeared. True, Americans practice more charity than other nationalities. But studies by Empty Tomb, a Christian service and research group, and others indicate that most religious giving is simply tax-deductible contributions for the upkeep of our churches and other institutions. America's official foreign aid is among the very lowest as a percentage of income among the developed nations. So while the needy have a voice in the Democrats and the affluent have a voice in the Republicans, Christ's middle way has disappeared as the middle class has shrunk.
My hope is that public frustration with both parties during the debt-limit debate will galvanize citizens to consider a third way movement based on a spirituality that transcends political labels and speaks truth to all power, not simply to the other side of the aisle. That's what Tocqueville observed when Americans were happier and had more confidence, even faith, in the future.
I don't pretend to know what God wants for America, and I don't advocate a theocracy. But it might be time for us Christians to think about a return to an ethic where loving one's neighbors, even one's enemies, is the norm.
– Gary Moore is the author of five books on the morality of political-economy and the founder of The Financial Seminary, a Sarasota, Fla., ministry aiming to reintegrate moral thought into economics and finance.
Sen. Tom Harkin told POLITICO that Senate Democratic leaders have decided to go the reconciliation route. The House, he said, will first pass the Senate bill after Senate leaders demonstrate to House leaders that they have the votes to pass reconciliation in the Senate.
Harkin made the comments after a meeting in Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's office including Harkin and Sens. Baucus, Dodd, Durbin, Schumer and Murray.
When asked whether the leaders had made the decision, Durbin said: "We are moving ahead with a version of the health care reform bill that we believe has a good chance of passing both the House and the Senate."
He then put the onus on House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to signal whether she can provide enough votes to pass the Senate bill, followed by a package of fixes through reconciliation.
"The first step is with Speaker Pelosi and so I will let her decide what it takes in the House," Durbin said.
Reconciliation "has always been an option. But she has to make her own decision on what it takes to enact this in the House," he added.
Durbin said Democrats are "coming to closure" on legislative language to send to the Congressional Budget Office for a cost estimate -- a step that can take weeks. "It has not been sent yet, but we are hoping it can be sent soon."
It remains unclear what kind of guarantee the Senate can provide to the House that the upper chamber will make fixes to the bill, Durbin said.
"I don't know what the gesture will be but it will be a convincing gesture," he said.
Manu Raju with Carrie Budoff Brown
comments closed
permalink
Circus City U.S.A. has its own circus graveyard and the second-largest Asian elephant herd in the U.S., but it's hiding in a tiny town north of Dallas.
(Photo: Wesley Fryer/Flickr)
Hugo, Oklahoma, sits in the southeastern portion of the state, just miles from Texas. Less than 6,000 people call the town, named for French novelist Victor Hugo, home. It's a good place to live, a "little city with a big heart," according to its limited but entirely functional website. Cityofhugo.net also features the town slogan—"Home of Abundant Water"—which is not inaccurate, but perhaps buries the lede a bit.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
You see, for the past 80 years, Hugo has played host to the circus. And not just one circus. More than 20 circuses, over and over again. Hugo very much lives up to its other nickname, Circus City U.S.A.
Ringmaster John Strong, also known as "Big John," has an epitaph that reads: "The man with more friends than Santa Claus."
In 1937, shop owner Vernon Pratt—who, in a related note, is my new favorite historical figure ever—made a decision. He drove a little more than 100 miles from his home in Hugo to Mena, Arkansas, where the A1 G. Kelley-Miller Circus spent its winters. Pratt, ever the salesman, convinced the owner of the circus to winter in Hugo instead. Thus began a long tradition that continues today. The Kelly-Miller and the Carson & Barnes circuses continue to spend winters in southeastern Oklahoma, two of the two dozen circuses that have called Hugo home at some point in the recent past.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
So that's fantastic.
Even better: Showmen's Rest, part of Mount Olivet Cemetery that is dedicated to circus performers. D.R. Miller got the idea after the death of his brother, Kelly, in 1961. He purchased a number of plots and reserved the spaces for anyone who fit the description. Some of those include wire artiste Huberto Weber, elephant trainer William H. Woodcock, and entrepreneur Jack Moore, whose tombstone is shaped like a circus tent. Ringmaster John Strong, also known as "Big John," has an epitaph that reads: "The man with more friends than Santa Claus." Ted Bowman, who passed away in 1999, has a wagon wheel tombstone with the following inscription: "There's nothing left but empty popcorn sacks and wagon tracks—the circus is gone." There are some photos here, and they are fantastic.
We should note here that Hugo is not without other exciting, non-circus-related occurrences. From Wikipedia: "In late 1993, the town suffered several violent incidents. Before Christmas, a shootout occurred in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Within one week in December, two fires occurred; the first was at the Booker T. Washington gymnasium on December 26. On December 28 a fire erupted in the central business district of Hugo, consuming five buildings and burning for four hours. The Belmont Hotel, which the area historical society was renovating, was destroyed. Area authorities suspected that the fires were arson." Of course, that paragraph checks in at 80 words, or roughly four times the amount of text related to Hugo's position as the winter circus capital of the world. Huge failure, Wikipedia.
Because obviously, Hugo is also home to the Endangered Ark Foundation, which operates a retirement home and breeding ground for the second largest Asian elephant herd in the United States. And don't forget about Angie's Circus City Diner. So, basically, I want to go, but the nearest airport is Texarkana, 96 miles away. That's a long elephant ride.
Strife and bloodshed in the Middle East have led to the displacement of millions of persons. While the international community struggles to meet their needs, what is often missing from the toolkit is a good set of gender lenses. And that's surprising, because we have known for decades now that gender matters greatly in any form of third party assistance, whether we are speaking of economic development projects, health interventions, or any other type. Our assistance is more effective and our policies less likely to cause unintended negative consequences when we take into account the priorities and concerns of women.
Food and shelter are rightly first and foremost in our minds when assisting refugees. But refugee camps are a distinctly gendered experience. In the case of the most recent exodus, a sizeable proportion of the able-bodied men and teen boys have left for Europe (they are over 70% of those who have applied for asylum there in the last year). It is primarily women, children, the elderly, and the sick that have been left behind in the camps. These groups have distinctive needs, which may not be seen as important—and yet they are crucially important to the entire purpose of the camp as a sanctuary from the violence.
Syrian refugee children in Zaatari refugee camp, Jordan. Photo: Demotix, Yasmin Al Tellaway
First, refugee camps are not sanctuaries if they are not safe for women and girls. Physical safety is a pressing concern, and women may feel as threatened by sexual violence in the camp as they would in the war zone. Soft-sided shelters cannot be locked in any meaningful way. Mothers I have spoken to report trying to stay up at night, listening for those who would try to creep into their shelter. Containers made of corrugated metal are also fairly easy to breach. In addition to these concerns, women in some cultures are often socialized to relieve themselves only at night, for fear of sexual harassment during the daytime if they attempted to access the latrines. But predators know this, as well. In a focus group designed by the CDC, “women identified the latrines and the paths leading to the latrines as areas where they felt the least safe. Women and girls spoke about men hanging around the latrines and nearby paths. They described lack of proper lighting in the area. They also described latrines without privacy or doors to close the latrines, with men positioning themselves so they could see inside the facilities.”
Children may be guarded by their mothers or older siblings on the way to the latrine, but there is usually room for only one person in them, meaning the mother or sometimes the elder sister must stand, often alone, outside, and wait for the child to come out, making them vulnerable. Lighted pathways and latrines that are sex-segregated, lockable, and located in different areas for men and women are important to the basic perception of physical security for women. The same logic applies to water collection sites and shower facilities. As one observer put it, the women “want better options than shoving a bed frame in front of their doors or going to the bathroom in a bag.”
Zaatari refugee camp, Jordan. Photo: Demotix
And these conditions are not only found in facilities near conflict zones; these same conditions face women in refugee camps in Europe, where women are vastly outnumbered by men. One coalition of women's groups in Germany reports, “The practice of providing accommodations in large tents, the lack of gender-separate sanitary facilities, premises that cannot be locked, the lack of safe havens for women and girls — to name just a few spatial factors — increases the vulnerability of women and children . . . "The consequences are numerous rapes and sexual assaults. We are also receiving an increasing number of reports of forced prostitution. It must be stressed: these are not isolated cases. Women report that they, as well as children, have been raped or subjected to sexual assault. As a result, many women sleep in their street clothes. Women regularly report that they do not use the toilet at night because of the danger of rape and robbery on the way to the sanitary facilities. Even during daylight, passing through the camp is a frightful situation for many women.” These same groups have called for remedial measures, such as lockable hard-sided housing for women that contains bathroom and kitchen facilities so that women and children do not have to run a gauntlet in the camp to use them.
Physical safety for women also involves reproductive safety. Having access to family planning means is critically important in the camps, but is problematic. In one study of Syrian refugees in Lebanon, fewer than half of the women desired their current pregnancy, and three-quarters wanted to prevent a future pregnancy—but only 42% were using contraception due to barriers such as high cost and insufficient quantity available. Access to prenatal and post-natal care is critical, as well. In the same study referenced above, for example, it was found that only 41% of pregnant women surveyed in the refugee camps had an adequate diet of vitamins, minerals, and folic acid. Birth itself is complicated for Syrian refugees: UNHCR covers 75% of the cost of delivery at its sponsored facilities, but that 25% co-pay can prevent women from utilizing them. As one Medecins sans Frontieres midwife explained, “If the refugee cannot afford to pay, she might be refused access to the hospital or have her refugee card confiscated, which often means no access to food vouchers until she can pay off the hospital bill.” Also often overlooked is a birth registration system for the children born to mothers in the camps. Unregistered children may experience great difficulties, and may even be considered stateless, rendering them unable to access the services of any state government.
Another important gendered aspect of physical safety is hygiene. Women of childbearing age have distinctive hygiene needs associated with menstruation, and older mothers may be at higher risk for urinary incontinence. Amy Peake, who created an NGO called Loving Humanity to address these needs by providing equipment for the refugees to make their own sanitary pads, found these needs were not being acknowledged as pressing by the camp authorities. “A group of five teenage girls have gathered in a community centre in District 10 [of the Zaatari camp in Jordan], waiting to discuss this most sensitive of topics. A 17-year-old girl says that two months after a UN distribution, the pads have usually run out. . . . Her mother is above the age at which she is eligible for free sanitary pads from the UN, so she uses rags, as do many of her neighbours. Peake asks if the washed rags are ever hung out to dry - the teenagers respond with a horrified "No!" This need for discretion, together with a shortage of detergent, means they can't be properly cleaned.” Without gender lenses, we may not see how access to these hygiene products should be a priority.
Lack of physical safety for women and girls has other insidious effects—including the selling of girls under the guise of “marriage.” Though this is clearly trafficking, parents rationalize that the girl is better off sexually used in marriage than raped in the camp and deemed unmarriageable and dishonored. One investigative reporter found, “For many Syrians in Jordan's urban areas and refugee camps, marrying off girls at a young age is a desperate attempt to ease the financial burden on families who have little or no income and are trapped in a vicious cycle of poverty. Other common reasons for child marriage in Jordan are the protection of young girls — especially in the refugee camps, where girls are at risk of sexual violence.” Before the conflict surged, rates of child marriage were about 13%; now about 32% are being married before age 18. The BBC reports there is now an organized trade in young girls: “Local sources say the going rate for a bride is between 2,000 and 10,000 Jordanian dinars ($2,800 to $14,000) with another 1,000 ($1,400) going to the broker.
Refugee camp, Jordan. Photo: Demotix
At the other end of the refugee crisis lie other gendered elements we do not necessarily notice, either. We have already noted how over 70% of recent migrants to Europe are male. While those that are married may exercise the right to eventual family reunification with spouse and children, there is a large population of “unaccompanied minors,” primarily older teen boys, seeking asylum also. Some figures are instructive; we'll use the figures for Sweden as an example. Every day in 2015, an average of 98 unaccompanied minors aged 16-17 reached Sweden, of whom 90 were male and 8 were female. In other words, over 90% of all unaccompanied minors are male. Over this 12-month period, these figures translated into an additional 18,615 males added to the population of 16-17 year olds in Sweden, and an additional 2,555 females added to the same. At that rate, the sex ratio of all 16 and 17 year olds in Sweden is already approximately 123 males for every 100 females. Such an enormously abnormal sex ratio—significantly worse than that of China, for example, with approximately 117 boys for every 100 girls 16-17 years of age, will have profound ramifications for Sweden, and perhaps especially for Swedish women. Highly masculinized societies are not conducive to women's security on a number of levels. Crimes against women increase, and women's freedom of movement is significantly curtailed in abnormal sex ratio societies favoring males. In addition, demands for trafficked women for prostitution increases significantly, which would be ironic for nations such as Sweden that have led out in an abolitionist approach to that scourge. How sad that those making immigration policy have not understood the consequences for their female citizens of such serious alterations to their nations' sex ratios. What a tragic loss for a continent that has prided itself on its commitment to gender equality and feminism, and has been a beacon to the world in this regard. Responding to the same predicament, Canada has recently decided to no longer accept asylum applications from unaccompanied Syrian men and unaccompanied male minors.
When dealing with an immense human security issue such as the migration and displacement from the war zones of the Middle East, utilizing a clear-eyed set of gender lenses is essential. With those lenses, we can see security issues we otherwise would not know to address.
John Hulsman
I assume that soon-to-be Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has more than a passing understanding of Lenin, if of little else. One of the Soviet revolutionary's more piercing insights involves his belief that non-revolutionary members of the European left – or useful idiots, as he apocryphally put it – should be taken advantage of by genuine radicals to further their cause, and then in their naivety quickly be discarded. As Prime Minister, Corbyn would be more than a mere useful idiot, however. His disastrous foreign policy instincts amount to a downright dangerous creed, one which would end Britain's relevance as a world power forever.Corbyn's foreign policy is built on two correct but horrendously simplistic impulses, which he predictably over-corrects. First, he has just worked out that many post-colonial peoples have been treated very badly. In particular, to his mind, the Arabs and the Palestinians have been oppressed by those overbearing Israelis. Instead of meekly supporting the Israelis out of latent guilt regarding the western failure to stop the Holocaust (Israel, unfairly, has a functioning economy and a functioning army), Corbyn thinks it would be better for London to dramatically shift its support to Hezbollah, Hamas, and other brave freedom fighters struggling against their oppressors.This cartoon version of real world events contains, like most 14-year-old thinking, just enough truth in it to be dangerous. It is true that Israel has responded with a heavy hand in the Palestinian territories through the years, just as it is true that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's penchant for building settlements in the disputed West Bank is probably not bringing peace any closer.But in this imperfect world, it is the job of policy professionals to accept that states – like people – are all imperfect and that, as such, very often we must work with the least bad partner to achieve the least bad option. To think this is to allow for the shades of grey that comprise the real world, and to leave dorm room fantasies of purity behind.Because, for all its mistakes, the fact remains that Israel is the only democracy of note in the very rough neighbourhood that is the Middle East, a genuine ally of the West when the chips are down (the intelligence sharing alone is worth its weight in gold). Only by maintaining the closest of ties with Israel can we ever hope to reach genuine peace in the region, as it is by far the strongest military power. In addition, the anti-western, anti-semitic, and anti-pluralist philosophy by which Hamas and Hezbollah live will force a Prime Minister Corbyn to either blithely ignore their routine human rights violations (looking otherworldly) or change tack (looking gormless).The same holds for Corbyn's boringly predictable anti-American feelings. He has discovered that daddy isn't perfect; since 1945, the US has done many wrong (My Lai, Abu Ghraib) and stupid (Vietnam, Iraq) things. In slipping from his utopian pedestal, however, Corbyn is quite content to throw the American baby out with the bathwater, advocating closer ties to that nice President Putin, the odds-on favourite to emerge as the super-villain in the next Bond movie.But to paraphrase the great patch of dialogue in Casablanca between fanatical Nazi major Strasser and worldly Vichy functionary captain Renault regarding American Rick Blaine: “my impression was that he's just another blundering American,” says Strasser. Renault urbanely replies, “we must not underestimate American blundering. I was with them when they blundered into Berlin in 1918.”For all my country's many faults (and I agree with Corbyn that both Vietnam and Iraq were catastrophes), it has kept the global peace for 70 years, and defeated the Kaiser, Hitler, and Stalin/Mao in turn, the triumph of any of which would have led to an immeasurably worse world than the one we now find ourselves in. Those four real world options for global dominance over the last 100 years – Hitler, Stalin, the Kaiser, and the US – are the only real world options we have truly had. Anyone not picks an American-led world needs to take a nap.To spurn America, as Corbyn is dying to do, would be for Britain to turn its back on its closest ally, throwing away its considerable influence with the most important country in the world. Ties of history, kinship, culture, and power would all go out the window, and for the dubious honour of supporting Russia, an economic basket case intent on reliving fading past glories, and one with a horrendous human rights record, something in theory Corbyn cares about.No, Corbyn isn't a useful idiot. He is a dangerous one.
Matt Schaub starting at quarterback. It was a joke to begin the season. Now what was the most nightmarish hypothetical has turned into stark reality after Joe Flacco sustained an ACL tear against the Rams this Sunday.
While Schaub is slated to take over the starting job, who will the team choose to back him up? The Ravens only roster two quarterbacks, and don't have any on the practice squad. This means that the Ravens will have to bring in at least one more quarterback from the free agent pool. This would be to backup Schaub in case of injury, or for the more likely event of Schaub absolutely sucking.
So who are the most only candidates I could find for the job? Let's take a look.
You might be laughing, but this quarterback deserves a Powder. I mean, we're talking about a Donovan McNabb-mentored quarterback. You just don't see those every day. This guy was a half-decent game manager who never really got the chance to succeed in Minnesota. My dude also got married at a courthouse and had his wedding meal at Arby's, so that's something neat for us bloggers to mention when we mention background on him.
This guy is garbage. His career stat line is 2 touchdowns for 11 picks, and was responsible for the Cardinals generating the fewest total yards of offense in playoff history in last year's wild card game. If this guy has anything going for him, it's that Patriots had him on their practice squad for about a month earlier this year. He has had a chance to be on the practice squad and be behind some great quarterbacks having been with the Arizona Cardinals, San Diego Chargers, and New England Patriots. Hopefully if the Ravens sign Lindley, he picked up a little something from those guys.
This guy was drafted as 'Mr. Irrelevant', and he still is. Enough said.
A Delaware alum, Devlin could really strengthen that Delaware-Ravens bond. A transfer from Penn State, Devlin was basically the second-coming of Joe Flacco for the school. He tossed 38 touchdowns over his two years for the Fightin' Blue Hens, and only 12 picks. He received nominations for the Walter Payton and Johnny Unitas awards, and was a FCS All-American. In what many thought was a strong QB class in 2011, Devlin was a top 10 quarterback of draft analyst Mike Mayock. He was also apparently targeted as the No. 1 overall pick of the UFL Draft, but refused to sign a contract, He hasn't really stuck anywhere, but he also really hasn't been given a chance either.
Once said to be a potential first round pick by Mike Mayock, Renner suffered a shoulder injury in his senior year that dropped him off draft boards and into the Ravens' laps. This offseason, he was somewhat of a 'preseason darling'. Renner had really good performances, made some nice plays, and even had the game-winning play once. Ultimately, it wasn't enough for the Ravens, as he was released from their practice squad this September. If the team were to bring one of these guys on, my money is on Renner since he knows the scheme already and the Ravens know him.
Considering that the season is about as over as you could expect, my suggestion is to just have some fun with it. Let's bring in Tim and see what he can do. This season isn't the darkest timeline until Tim Tebow ends up as a Baltimore Raven.
The current furor over "fake news," while worrying in itself, could reveal valuable insights into the changing media industry, according to acclaimed futurist Mike Walsh.
"From the fake news issue, we potentially see the future of news, which is algorithms and human beings working together, where the job of humans is designing the parameters and boundary conditions that drive algorithms," Walsh told CNBC on the sidelines of the inaugural Global Entrepreneurship Community conference in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Walsh, a consultant who specializes in advising corporate leaders on dealing with disruptive technology, is a leading voice on designing businesses for the 21st century, with two books - "The Dictionary Of Dangerous Ideas" and "Futuretainment" - under his belt.
News outlets needed to strike a balance between delegating jobs to automation and to humans, Walsh said, using Facebook as an example.
We have been talking about it for a while now. We first reported 2 months ago that Tesla was about to open its two biggest Supercharger stations yet – two 20-stall stations. One in Fremont, California, and one in Nebbenes, Norway.
Now the one in Norway finally opened this week making it the largest Supercharger station in operation in the world and likely the largest DC fast-charging station too.
Nebbenes is located just a few miles north of Oslo on a popular route in Norway.
While each charger is equipped with Tesla's latest capacity of 145 kW, the site is limited to an impressive total output of 2,000 kW, meaning that if all the stalls are in use at the same time, they would be limited to 100 kW each, which isn't bad at all.
As we discussed when Tesla Model S owner Christoph Lumpi stopped by the new station and shared a few pictures with us (see below), the Nebbenes Supercharger is featuring a new layout seen at a few of Tesla's latest stations.
It looks almost like what you would see at a gas station than at a regular parking lot, which is where Tesla normally installs its Supercharger stations and what they normally look like.
Additionally, the station is equipped with several chargers operated by Fortum, a Finnish energy company. The chargers consist of 2 CHAdeMO and 2 CCS DC fast-chargers. Combined with Tesla's 20 Superchargers, it makes it the largest fast-charging station site in the world, and it is also equipped with 2 22 kW level 2 chargers.
Bjorn Nyland stopped by the opening event with his Model X and he posted a quick video:
With this new location and the upcoming one in Fremont, California, we are hoping this will be a pattern for future Supercharger locations to feature more and more stalls.
today thanked the Members of for letting the function smoothly. He was responding to the in the
“It is commendable how the has taken Mukherjee's advice seriously and ensured that the is not stalled,” he said during his speech.
The also appealed to the Upper House for passage of Bills so that and give the necessary impetus for the nation's projects.
Read more from our special coverage on "NARENDRA MODI"
He also took a ‘humourous' dig at how fortunate the Congress was when it came to media coverage. “When we criticise the Congress, it is reported as criticism on opposition, not criticism on Congress. The Congress never gets a bad name,” he said.
Business Standard lists a few highlights from the Prime Minister's speech in the
Functioning of Parliament
We all saw that the Lok Sabha functioned till 12 am last night. Two days ago, too was functioning till late
All members were happy, satisfied as after a long time as they were able to present their views and suggestions in the Parliament
Policy Initiatives
We need to shift from incremental improvements to a quantum jump and that is what we are trying
We need to worry about lack of education facilities and overcome the challenges in this sphere
Rajya Sabha
This is a chamber of ideas and it must guide the nation. Coordination between both Houses is essential
Let us pass those bills passed in the Lok Sabha as soon as possible and give impetus to India's progress
On Congress
When we criticise the Congress, it is reported as criticism on opposition, not criticism on Congress. The Congress (party) never gets a bad name There are two kinds of people — those who work and those who take credit. We should try to be the first kind.
This has less competition. This was said by Indira Gandhi
Jan Dhan Yojana
I am grateful to Ghulam Nabi Azad, he brought a record of people who did not have accounts under Jan Dhan Yojna. He worked as if with a microscope
Had you (Congress) worked towards it during your rule, we would not have had to work so much towards it
Good Governance
We are focussing on accountability. I am reviewing infrastructure projects and I am seeing projects are stalled for decades
We have done good governance. Forbes has praised the methods India has adopted for minerals' auctions
Effective or last mile delivery is what we are working on
Agriculture Push
We are emphasising on doubling agriculture income, value addition, and more productivity in agriculture.
We should aim to double the income of farmers by 2022 Clean India
Our has never discussed cleanliness after independence. Nowadays, there is a debate on it for 2-3 hours. The government may be getting criticised, but the issue is at least being discussed
Cleanliness is on track to becoming a people's movement now
Cleanliness helps the poor the most. Due to lack of cleanliness the poor are forced to spend more money on medicines
Juliano Belletti's time at Chelsea was something special, and so it felt only right to offer the player a fittingly robust profile of his life and times in England at the Bridge by Joe Tweeds of Plains of Almeria and Sam Johnston of FourThreeThree.
First, Joe Tweeds details how the hard-working full-back rose to become an idol of the Shed End…
Juliano Belletti is the absolute definition of a cult hero. He came to Chelsea having scored the goal that stopped Arsenal winning the European Cup; then went on to make a name for himself by scoring an absolute scorcher against Spurs. He instantly adapted to the club and its fans, so much so that he can be seen to frequently comment on the matters of the club on Twitter.
He was the modern day utility player and someone who Chelsea fans grew to love for his committed displays regardless of where he was deployed. Operating at either full-back spot, as a holding midfielder, central midfielder or anywhere on the flank his dedication to the cause is something that saw his name chanted regularly every week. Not a lot of foreign players really get English football. Many come and brighten up the league with their exceptional talent, however there are a rare breed who just get the culture.
For what he lacked in typical Brazilian flair he made up for in sheer determination and work ethic. His long distance shooting was always on show and his strike against Tottenham earned him Chelsea Goal of the Season honours in 2007-08. Picking the ball up just inside the Tottenham half he strolled forwards towards the Tottenham area. From around thirty-yards out he shaped to shoot and unleashed an unstoppable drive that swirled into the nearside top corner.
Stamford Bridge erupted, the reaction of his teammates was priceless and Belletti just sauntered off celebrating far more coolly than the goal merited. He played the game in the right way without ego and his selflessness was something every Chelsea supporter will remember fondly.
This strike was somehow bettered against Middlesbrough. Belletti collected the ball in midfield before taking one touch to set the ball outside his body before sending a howitzer of a shot screaming into the top right hand corner. Again, his casual celebration somehow belied the fact that the goal was utterly unbelievable.
There was something about Belletti's time at Chelsea that in a weird way was utterly perfect. He was unquestionably a top professional and the ultimate squad player.
“England is the best of all worlds, where technique, tactics, atmosphere, infrastructure, and management combine. It's like the highest possible level of professional football. I thank the heavens every day for letting me taste this amazing life at Chelsea.” Juliano Belletti.
Little wonder why he is held in such high esteem by the fans and his teammates.
Sam Johnston on Belletti: the Brazilian who owed much to Europe…
Having scored the winning goal for Barcelona against Arsenal in the 2006 Champions League final, Belletti kept alive the possibility that Chelsea could become the first London club to win Europe's premier trophy. It is for this goal that Belletti will be most remembered for by many, even beyond Stamford Bridge.
After all, with his international career limited due to the brilliance of Cafu and the emergence of Dani Alves, the usual route to Brazilian footballing immortality wasn't open to Belletti. He was however part of the victorious Brazilian 2002 World Cup squad, and did feature off the bench in the semi-final against Turkey.
Had Belletti arrived at Chelsea today amongst the likes of David Luiz, Oscar, and Ramires, one wonders if he would have made quite the impact he did in 2007. With Alex the only other Brazilian international present at the club, Belletti's flair was somewhat of a novelty to Chelsea fans at the time. Like Alex, his possession of a wondrous strike quickly endeared him to the Chelsea faithful, but it was in fact his un-brazilian qualities which gained him cult status at Stamford Bridge.
English fans were not accustomed to seeing the sort of work-rate delivered by Belletti from South American exports, which was likely what would have attracted Jose Mourinho to signing him.
Although Mourinho's departure was to come sooner than expected, Belletti played an important role in a season which could have been Chelsea's greatest, the title surrendered only on the final day of the season to Manchester United, the League Cup final lost in extra time to Tottenham, and most memorably the Champions League final lost to Manchester United in Moscow.
Amid the hysteria of John Terry's penalty miss many will have forgotten that Belletti, a 120th minute substitute brought on for the sole purpose of taking a penalty, coolly obliged, displaying both his brazilian technique and mental fortitude. While never quite nailing down the right-back spot as his own, Belletti was seen as a capable stand-in by Mourinho, Grant, Hiddink, Scolari, and Ancelotti. He left Chelsea with two FA cup and one Premier League winners medals. But perhaps more significant to his legend at Chelsea, was the 2007-08 goal of the season, at home to the Chelsea faithful's most fierce rivals, Tottenham Hotspur.
Barcelona 2 VS 1 Arsenal Belletti 720pHD from BarcelonaHD on Vimeo.
Stopping Arsenal from winning the Champions League, scoring a few screamers (against Tottenham), and having a Brazilian name that fits to the tune of the White Stripes ‘Seven Nation Army', Belletti was only ever going to leave Chelsea an unlikely legend.
@JoeTweeds; @samjohnstontwit; @The_False_Nine
Like this: Like Loading...
We're so proud of West Michigan. A little bit of heaven, many say. Okay, the economy needs some heating up, more jobs need to be created, but all-in-all, considering what's happening in the rest of Michigan, we're in a pretty good place. Especially when you think of food.
We have some superior restaurants here in Grand Rapids, but as you travel around Michigan, up north, for example, you find some of the finest food out there.
Famed chef, Mario Batali thinks so, too.
Considering that Mario Batali owns a home in northern Michigan, and spends July through Labor Day there, this may not be such a surprise.
Batali says, "the chefs involved in the scene celebrate what's here; they're not trying to be anything they're not. Now people are coming for gastronomic tourism. All winter I look forward to eating two things: pizza from my wood oven topped with Leelanau Cheese Company's Raclette and serrano chiles, and cherry pie from Grand Traverse Pie Company."
Two eateries in northern Michigan are basking in the limelight after Batali, a former Iron Chef seen frequently on the Food Network, dubbed their menu offerings as being among the best in the world. WOW!
Batali released a list of his 9 favorite restaurants around the world, and two are in Traverse City. They are:
• The Cook's House , 115 Wellington Street. The establishment was opened in 2008 by chef/owners Eric Patterson and Jennifer Blakeslee. The menu celebrates agriculture and artisan made products found in northern Michigan and practices a "field to plate" philosophy. • Frenchie's Famous , 169 Randolph Street. The coffeehouse/lunch café offers up sandwiches, breads, and desserts. Batali says the owner, French Clements, is "cranky" in the early afternoon.
The rest that made the list include restaurants in New York City, Miami Beach, Seattle, Singapore, Monaco and Italy. I have the whole list here .
Batali, who owns a home in Leelanau County, has never been known to be shy, especially about promoting the culinary virtues of Michigan. As a matter of fact, he created three recipes around Michigan foods, so I thought I would share them with you.
• Piadina with Local Cherries, Bologna and Raclette : An Italian flatbread dish, lightly grilled and layered with toppies.
• Michigan Walleye in Prosciutto with Pesto Fregola : A flavorful recipe for fish wrapped in prosciutto and served with pasta.
• Beef Braciole “Pinwheel-style” : A butterflied beef meal using a seasoning of local fruit, meat and cheeses.
Enjoy your food and be proud of it. Mario is!
The City of Raleigh is expected to take another step forward in putting body cameras on its police officers.Tuesday, city councilors are slated to hear details about a vendor selected to provide the body cameras to Raleigh's police officers.The Raleigh Police Department tested cameras from three vendors before deciding on what's best for the men and women who'll wear those body cameras.The tests lasted 30 days for each camera - all three linked the body cameras with cameras mounted inside patrol cars, ABC11 learned.Plans call for 600 cameras worn by Raleigh police officers over the next three years.However, city council must first authorize the negotiation of a contract with the selected vendor.Staff recommends keeping the City's options to negotiate with the other two vendors open in case they can't reach an agreement with the preferred supplier of those body cams.
Declaring for the draft
Below are underclassmen whose intentions to enter the 2015 NFL Draft have been reported. Underclassmen have until Jan. 15 to file declaration papers with the league. The official list of underclassmen accepted by the NFL will be released on Jan. 19.
» Nelson Agholor, WR, USC (story)
» Jay Ajayi, RB, Boise State (story)
» Kwon Alexander, LB, LSU (story)
» Javorius "Buck" Allen, RB, USC (story)
» Arik Armstead, DL, Oregon (story)
» Deion Barnes, DE, Penn State (story)
» Malcom Brown, DT, Texas (story)
» Alex Carter, CB, Stanford (story)
» B.J. Catalon, RB, TCU (story)
» Sammie Coates, WR, Auburn (story)
» Tevin Coleman, RB, Indiana (story)
» Jalen Collins, CB, LSU (story)
» Landon Collins, S, Alabama (story)
» Amari Cooper, WR, Alabama (story)
» Xavier Cooper, DT, Washington State (story)
» Christian Covington, DT, Rice (story)
» Ronald Darby, CB, Florida State (story)
» Mike Davis, RB, South Carolina (story)
» Stefon Diggs, WR, Maryland (story)
» Lorenzo Doss, CB, Tulane (story)
» Mario Edwards Jr., DE, Florida State (story)
» Durell Eskridge, FS, Syracuse (story)
» George Farmer, WR, USC (story)
» Ereck Flowers, OT, Miami (story)
» Dante Fowler Jr., DE, Florida (story)
» Devin Funchess, WR/TE, Michigan (story)
» Jacoby Glenn, CB, UCF (story)
» Eddie Goldman, DT, Florida State (story)
» Melvin Gordon, RB, Wisconsin (story)
» Dorial Green-Beckham, WR, Oklahoma (story)
» Deontay Greenberry, WR, Houston (story)
» Randy Gregory, DE, Nebraska (story)
» Todd Gurley, RB, Georgia (story)
» Chris Hackett, S, TCU (story)
» Eli Harold, DE, Virginia (story)
» Chris Harper, WR, California (story)
» Dee Hart, RB, Colorado State (story)
» Braylon Heard, RB, Kentucky (story)
» Gerod Holliman, S, Louisville (story)
» D.J. Humphries, OT, Florida (story)
» Brett Hundley, QB UCLA (story)
» Danielle Hunter, DE, LSU (story)
» Jesse James, TE, Penn State (story)
» Duke Johnson, RB, Miami (story)
» Matt Jones, RB, Florida (story)
» Nigel King, WR, Kansas (story)
» Tyler Kroft, TE, Rutgers (story)
» Marcus Mariota, QB, Oregon (story)
» Ellis McCarthy, DL, UCLA (story)
» Benardrick McKinney, LB, Mississippi State (story)
» Patrick Miller, OL, Auburn (story)
» Tyler Moore, G, Florida (story)
» Andrus Peat, OT, Stanford (story)
» Breshad Perriman, WR, Central Florida (story)
» Marcus Peters, CB, Washington (story)
» Jordan Phillips, DT, Oklahoma (story)
» Darius Philon, DT, Arkansas (story)
» Bradley Pinion, P, Clemson (story)
» Jeremiah Poutasi, OT, Utah (story)
» Josh Robinson, RB, Mississippi State (story)
» Shane Ray, DE, Missouri (story)
» Shaq Roland, WR, South Carolina (story)
» James Sample, S, Louisville (story)
» Jean Sifrin, TE, Massachusetts (story)
» Donovan Smith, OT, Penn State (story)
» Noah Spence, DE, Ohio State (story)
» Jaelen Strong, WR, Arizona State (story)
» Shaq Thompson, LB, Washington (story)
» Max Valles, DE, Virginia (story)
» Trae Waynes, CB, Michigan State (story)
» Leonard Williams, DL, USC (story)
» Maxx Williams, TE, Minnesota (story)
» P.J. Williams, CB, Florida State (story)
» Trey Williams, RB, Texas A&M (story)
» Jameis Winston, QB, Florida State (story)
» T.J. Yeldon, RB, Alabama (story)
Notable players returning to school
Below are underclassmen whose intentions to return to school for the 2015 college football season have been reported.
» Roberto Aguayo, PK, Florida State (story)
» Devontae Booker, RB, Utah (story)
» DeForest Buckner, DE, Oregon (story)
» James Burgess, LB, Louisville (story)
» Shilique Calhoun, DE, Michigan State (story)
» Leonte Carroo, WR, Rutgers (story)
» Jeremy Cash, S, Duke (story)
» Connor Cook, QB, Michigan State (story)
» Sheldon Day, DL, Notre Dame (story)
» Taylor Decker, OT, Ohio State (story)
» Spencer Drango, OT, Baylor (story)
» Travin Dural, WR, LSU (story)
» Leonard Floyd, LB, Georgia (story)
» D.J. Foster, RB, Arizona State (story)
» Kris Frost, LB, Auburn (story)
» Jerald Hawkins, OL, LSU (story)
» Kevin Hogan, QB, Stanford (story)
» William Jackson, CB, Houston (story)
» Jordan Jenkins, OLB, Georgia (story)
» Cardale Jones, QB, Ohio State (story)
» Karl Joseph, S, West Virginia (story)
» Cody Kessler, QB, USC (story)
» Cassanova McKinzy, LB, Auburn (story)
» Antonio Morrison, LB, Florida (story)
» Dadi Nicolas, DE, Virginia Tech (story)
» Shawn Oakman, DE, Baylor (story)
» Dak Prescott, QB, Mississippi State (story)
» Reggie Ragland, LB, Alabama (story)
» Jarran Reed, DT, Alabama (story)
» Terrance Smith, LB, Florida State (story)
» Nelson Spruce, WR, Colorado (story)
» Ronnie Stanley, OT, Notre Dame (story)
» Eric Striker, LB, Oklahoma (story)
» Charles Tapper, DE, Oklahoma (story)
» Adolphus Washington, DL, Ohio State (story)
» D'haquille Williams, WR, Auburn (story)
» Jonathan Williams, RB, Arkansas (story)
» Avery Young, G/T, Auburn (story)
Follow College Football 24/7 on Twitter @NFL_CFB.
At Mr. Shkreli's trial, prosecutors, defense lawyers and witnesses provided sharply different takes on the defendant as they described how he rose from an ambitious young hedge fund manager to a notorious pharmaceutical executive.
The prosecution brought forth an “avalanche” of evidence, as the prosecutor Jacquelyn Kasulis put it in her rebuttal argument, that Mr. Shkreli illegally used Retrophin to repay the defrauded MSMB investors. The evidence included a threatening letter he sent to the wife of a former employee; statements he sent to MSMB investors showing great returns at the same time he had no money in fund accounts; three versions of a backdated agreement to make it look as if MSMB Capital had invested in Retrophin when it had not; and claims about assets under management that were wildly out of line with his actual fund size.
“It's time for Martin Shkreli to be held accountable,” she said.
His lawyers focused on the fact that his investors ultimately made back much more than their initial investments. They said that was proof that Mr. Shkreli had never intended to commit fraud. Instead, they said, he worked hard to get Retrophin off the ground so he could reimburse MSMB investors.
“He did it, and it worked, and they got paid,” Mr. Brafman said in his closing statement. “When they got the financing, they started to pay these people, not to loot Retrophin.”
However, prosecutors said that paying Mr. Shkreli's old investors was not the responsibility of Retrophin, a public company, and that Mr. Shkreli had misled his MSMB investors. “Lying to people to get them to invest with you is fraud,” Ms. Kasulis said in her final statement.
Mr. Shkreli is the child of Albanian immigrants. He was raised in Brooklyn and attended Hunter College High School, one of the city's elite public schools. He went to Baruch, one of New York's city colleges, and landed an internship at Cramer Berkowitz, going on to other money-management jobs.
As he recruited investors for his own funds, MSMB Capital and MSMB Healthcare, he was cunning at times, almost a shape-shifter. He told an investor who had not graduated from college that he had not finished college either, according to testimony. To an established Texas investor, he said he had graduated young from Columbia. He told another investor, in an email chain about Steve Jobs, a college dropout, that he had dropped out of Columbia.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, right, stands with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. (Photo: Evan Vucci, AP)
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States hopes the Ukraine cease-fire deal will be implemented within "hours" after meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in Switzerland on Monday.
It came as the United Nations said the estimated number of people killed in the conflict between Ukrainian government troops and pro-Russian separatists since April 2014 had passed 6,000.
Speaking in Geneva, Kerry accused the rebels of a "piecemeal" approach to the cease-fire agreement, which was brokered Feb. 12 in Minsk, Belarus. He said Moscow could face further sanctions if the deal is not fully implemented within days, the BBC reported.
However, Kerry said he was optimistic the truce could be in place in "hours, certainly not more than days," the broadcaster said. "I'm very hopeful that it will in fact be the start of a change which would be an improvement for everybody," he added.
Lavrov said there had been "tangible progress."
The warring parties on Thursday declared the start of the withdrawal of heavy weapons from the front line, more than a week after it was due to have begun. Both sides have claimed the other has violated the cease-fire that came into effect Feb. 15.
Russia denies claims it is supplying rebels with troops and equipment.
The meeting came less than a week after Kerry told Congress that Russian officials have lied to his face about Moscow's role in Ukraine. The comment drew a rebuke from the Russian foreign ministry, the Associated Press reported, and U.S. officials have said that Kerry did not specifically accuse Lavrov of lying to him, but was referring to public statements and media reports.
On Monday, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko signed a decree opening the way to a formal request for international peacekeepers to be stationed in the east of the country.
Poroshenko's office said the appeal will be addressed to the United Nations and the European Union and gave no specific details on the mission's composition or any timetable for it, the AP reported. Russia is strongly against the idea.
Russia and Ukraine's energy ministers were also holding emergency talks in Brussels on Monday as Russian gas giant Gazprom threatens to cut off deliveries to Ukraine for lack of payment.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1AuPO0Y
Author: Ingyu Oh, Korea University
In October 2016 two female Saudi Hallyu (Korean cultural wave) fans fled to Seoul — the mecca of Hallyu — without telling their male guardians. Many Saudis were extremely angry — it's still unlawful in Saudi Arabia for women to travel anywhere without male accompaniment. While this behaviour is a more extreme example, Hallyu — which includes K-Pop and Korean TV dramas and movies — is rapidly increasing in popularity and is the new buzzword for global female entertainment. An estimated 30 million Hallyu fans exist all over the world and more than 70 per cent of them are women.
In the early 2000s, when Hallyu became widely popular among middle aged Japanese women, most Asian specialists and pundits thought it would go away in less than three years. When I wrote an article about Japanese Hallyu fandom in 2009 for an Australian journal, the editorial staff refused to print it on the grounds that Hallyu was no longer relevant.
But by 2013 the Japanese male dominant government had become so worried about the continuing love affair among Japanese women with Korean male idols that it deliberately postponed the passage of anti-hate speech law targeted against anti-Hallyu movements, especially the Zaitokukai, for three years since the onset of its anti-Hallyu marches in Tokyo's Korea or Hallyu Town.
Now, in 2016, with the passage of anti-hate speech law, Hallyu is still hugely popular among Japanese women, although they remain constrained by their male dominated society to more openly express their interest in Korean pop culture. Following on from Japan's moves to control Hallyu popularity, the Chinese government is now trying hard to curb its own female population's love affair with Korean culture.
As of 2016 there are more than 10 million registered Hallyu fans in China and most of them are young women. The total export of Korean cosmetic goods to China is expected to be US$16.6 billion in 2016, making Amore Pacific's CEO Seo Gyeong Bae the second richest man in Korea. But the recent bilateral decision between South Korea and the United States to deploy the THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defence) missile defence system to the Korean peninsula has angered the Chinese government.
Xi Jinping's administration has chosen now as a good time to drop bombs on its female Hallyu fans. China's State Administration of Radio, Film and Television (SARFT) is in charge of this ‘gender control' of East Asian pop culture. In August 2016, SARFT issued both unofficial and official documents restraining Korean TV programs, public appearances by Korean idols and live internet broadcasting without SARFT permits.
Like those Saudi females who risked being indicted and punished by their male authorities to go to Seoul and witness Korean culture first-hand, young Chinese women now have to make a conscious choice about their cultural consumption. Should they continue to buy Korean cultural goods secretly like their Japanese counterparts? Or should they turn to government propaganda dramas and music and show their loyalty to Xi, a new member of the Chinese hero group presided over by Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping?
The Korean TV drama series A Lunar Woman: Bobogyeongsim Ryeo was sold to Youku — the Chinese counterpart of YouTube — for US$8 million this year and is currently live streamed in China. Its 18 episodes have attracted more than two billion views. A careful look at the post-episode commentary indicates that Chinese female fans persistently show their loyalty to Korean male actors, whereas male viewers openly detest the Korean drama.
It looks like the THAAD fiasco and the North Korean missile threats will continue to dominate the overall discourse between the peninsula and its neighbours. But Chinese investors seem unscathed by the overall political situation, as if the cultural realm is unaffected by it. JD Group, for example, purchased 28 per cent of Fantasio shares to become the largest shareholder of the Korean entertainment company. As Chinese investment increases in Korea, especially in the entertainment sector, the Chinese government would be ill-advised to put an embargo on all Hallyu products.
Chinese investments in Korean entertainment companies ensures formal and continuous cooperation between the two countries in the production and distribution of Korean dramas into China, avoiding governmental restrictions on purely Korean pop culture contents.
Besides China, bilateral or multilateral cultural cooperation between other East Asian countries (for example, Japan) looks to become increasingly likely as nations try to save face from the failure of their gender control. In the meantime, Korea is looking for new niche markets in Australia, Canada and the United States for future entertainment business opportunities. It is not a mere coincidence that BTS, a Korean hip-hop band, came in at 26 on the Billboard Top 200 chart for the first time in Korean pop music history.
Despite government efforts to curb the popularity of Hallyu across East Asia, its loyal fan base looks set to grow even further.
Ingyu Oh is a Professor at the Research Institute of Korean Studies at Korea University.
About this mod Some sort of mutant creature I created Permissions and credits Author's instructions File credits This author has not credited anyone else in this file Donation Points system This mod is not opted-in to receive Donation Points
I made this off the top of my head to try to get to know zbrush a bit. The idea I was shooting for is some sort of mutant made from two people who is a sort of 'fused together'. I wasn't originally planning on doing anything with it but I figured I may as well release it on here because maybe someone will do something with it (It had a post-apocalyptic mutant/ FEV failure sorta look to It so I figured Fallout 4 isn't a horrible place for it) :P
A couple things to note; This is just a High poly mesh, no low poly or anything. I may try texturing it, but I may not. It has no textures or polypaint (The colors seen in the image are done on a render in photoshop). And, I am very new to character/creature modelling (this is literally the first thing I've made with zbrush) so It's not going to be amazing, but I will include the zbrush file for anything. And i suck at making hands and feet
The Zbrush file should (Not 100% sure if thats how it works, but i think so) also contain the undo history all the way back to a bunch of skinned zspheres (a couple of these are shown in the images) so if there's any point in the creation of this that you think I went off track, it is hopefully possible to go back to before that and do it how you would like
And lastly, if anyone does end up usind this for anything, please let me know (You don't need permission or anything (though credit would be nice), I'm just curious if anyone will put it to use). And as with all of my files, criticism is definitely welcome.
UPDATE
I have uploaded a low poly mesh and textures. This is basically the limit of my abilities, as I don't know about skinning it and getting it into the game (even if I did, it doesn't line up too well with the feral ghoul animations, which are probably still the best ones for it. It will likely need some custom animations, probably just a couple, Idle, walking, and an attack, but it's still beyond me) If anyone knows anything about this sort of thing and wants to help feel free to message me or just get the mesh and do what you want with it, this is a resource, after all.
Mexico just concluded its first Clean Energy Auction for energy, power and Clean Energy Certificates for purchase by CFE, Mexico's only utility. The results are stunning -- 11 PV projects have been awarded contracts worth 4 million megawatt-hours (DC) per year. That translates to 1,860 megawatts of capacity (using an average capacity factor of 33.6 percent). Additionally, all 11 projects have won contracts for a combined 4 million Clean Energy Certificates (CELs).
The winning projects are from seven developers:
Enel Green Power with 992 megawatts and 2.25 million Clean Energy Certificates (CELs)
SunPower with 509 megawatts and 989,265 CELs (includes projects by local subsidiary Vega Solar)
Jinko Solar with 241 megawatts and 502,713 CELs
and 502,713 CELs Recurrent Energy (owned by Canadian Solar) with 62 megawatts and 140,970 CELs
Sol de Insurgentes with 27 megawatts and 60,518 CELs
and 60,518 CELs Photoemeris Sustentable with 29 megawatts and 53,477 CELs
Mexico defines clean energy quite broadly, so the auction was open to competition from wind, hydro, cogeneration, combined-cycle gas, and geothermal, as well as PV. Out of a total 5.38 million megawatt-hours of energy that was awarded, PV won 74 percent and wind won the remaining 26 percent, with no contracts won by any of the other technologies.
The scale of PV's win is significant. According to data from GTM Research's Latin America PV Playbook, Mexico has a cumulative 246 megawatts installed, with only 104 megawatts of that installed in 2015. Of that, only 50 percent are utility-scale projects.
In early 2016, we forecasted a total of 382 megawatts of PV in Mexico for this year, with only 300 megawatts of that coming from utility-scale projects. All of this was expected from projects grandfathered in under the previous Self-Supply and Small Power Producer programs now discontinued under the new energy transition law. No further demand was forecast for the year.
As for the auction scheduled for March 2016, consensus at Solar Summit Mexico, Greentech Media's first international solar conference held in Mexico City in late January, was that solar would not win more than 200 megawatts. Based on what we saw in the market, however, our own estimates were more optimistic -- there was serious interest in the auction from well-established international companies, including some of the larger developers here in the U.S. -- and we therefore estimated solar to win as much as 500 megawatts in the auction. With project completion deadlines set for early 2018, that translated to 500 megawatts of solar demand forecasted for 2017.
FIGURE: Mexico New Solar PV Demand, 2010-2030E
Source: GTM Research's Latin America PV Playbook
Solar's win of 1,860 megawatts in the auction is a significant jump for the market. We now estimate total demand at 646 megawatts in 2016 (an additional 264 megawatts) and 1,513 megawatts in 2017 (an additional 836 megawatts) tied directly to the auction. That's a 104 percent jump in the forecast across the two years combined. As a result, solar in Mexico will now grow by 521 percent in 2016 as opposed to the earlier 267 percent forecast and 134 percent in 2017 as opposed to the the earlier 77 percent forecast.
Along with the jump in demand numbers, the average contract price of $50.7 per megawatt-hour (weighted average of $45 per megawatt hour) is noteworthy as well. While not as low as the $40.5 per megawatt-hour that was first reported by news outlets based on a yet-to-be-confirmed list of winners, this average is nonetheless very aggressive -- the range is from $35.44 per megawatt-hour for a 427-megawatt project by Enel to $67.5 per megawatt-hour for a 29-megawatt project by Photoemeris Sustentable. By comparison, lowest PPA prices in other countries are much higher.
FIGURE: Comparing Mexico's Lowest PPA Price
Source: GTM Research
How does all of this make sense? Well, clearly the solar industry globally has seen an opportunity in Mexico that has already been acknowledged by the likes of SolarCity last year. Low labor costs, excellent irradiation, a stable economy, and a strong PPA by a government-backed utility in the auction are some of the common reasons why local developers and experienced international players alike have flocked to Mexico for a piece of the solar pie. Mexico is a growing energy market with historically rising electricity prices.
With the government's goal of 35 percent of renewables by 2024 and 45 percent by 2036, the market for solar could be as large as 4 gigawatts to 6 gigawatts annually by 2030.
Developers are certainly making a strategic play in Mexico with an eye on the market's long-term growth. Internal rates of return (IRRs) on projects should be in the double digits for developers to justify investing in a developing market like Mexico. Access to international, low-cost financing due to U.S.-dollar-denominated contracts and very large project sizes (the average is 150 megawatts, with the largest being a 427-megawatt project by Enel) are certainly big factors in keeping costs down.
Completion deadlines between January to March 2018 add pressure on developers to start construction soon. Developers then might have to go lower than double digits on their IRRs to install projects on time and avoid penalties that are set at a proportion of the loss to the offtaker from undelivered energy per day (more on that in the upcoming Latin America PV Playbook Q2 2016 report).
With 3.4 gigawatts now planned between 2016 and 2018 (including some direct PPA and merchant sales projects), it remains to be seen if the market will be able to deliver on this pipeline. We are already expecting that at least 300 megawatts from this auction could get delayed and spill over into late 2018. While solar's stunning win in this auction no doubt bodes well for PV in Mexico for the long run, we will be waiting to see how these projects get executed and whether all the awarded capacity will indeed be installed on time.
Robocops are reality.
Sure, we're still a long way from Hollywood's vision Robocop, but automated law enforcement is upon us. Brazil used iRobot PackBot 510s to secure the Maracana during the men's World Cup this summer, and Germany used OFRO terrain robots to patrol the Berlin Olympic Stadium during the women's World Cup five years ago. It's now possible to automatically detect a crime, identify the suspects, and even issue a citation without direct human involvement. It could happen next time you run a red light.
In some cases, only one link in the chain is automated—surveillance of underground tunnels below the U.S./Mexico border, for example—but the robotic possibilities are nearly endless. In other cases—such as identifying and diffusing bombs—using robots or other automated systems can keep police officers safe. But automation is also framed as a way to make law enforcement more efficient. A red light camera can catch a lot more violations than a human can.
The rub is that extreme efficiency isn't necessarily good thing. That's what a group of researchers argues in a paper presented earlier this year at a conference on robot law in Miami. They go so far as to argue that inefficiency should be preserved, even increased, as we move to automated law enforcement.
That may sound counter-intuitive, but in the end, it makes good sense. Woodrow Hartzog, an assistant professor at Samford University's Cumberland School of law and co-author of the paper, tells WIRED that, in some cases, making law enforcement less efficient just means putting humans back in the loop, allowing room for "inefficient" human judgments like mercy and compassion. "A robot can't forgive certain infractions that are generally accepted," he says.
The Letter of the Law
Part of the problem is it's extremely difficult to automate the enforcement of laws, including those that seem straightforward. For example, in a previous paper, Hartzog and company asked 52 different coders to create a program that would issue speeding tickets based on a sensor placed within a car. The results varied wildly, depending on whether the programmers were asked to follow the letter of the law or the spirit of the law. Programs that followed the letter of the law ended up issuing as many as 1,000 tickets for a single car trip.
"When speed limit laws were written, there was an assumption that they would enforce much of the time, with a certain amount of human discretion," Hartzog says. "Trying to do this automatically can have unforeseen consequences."
How do you solve this problem? You could program the application to issue speeding tickets to only one in every four speeders. But there's a rub. What do you then tell the family of someone who was killed by someone who was speeding, but not cited?
Another consideration is that, through automation, it could eventually become impossible to break certain laws. And that might not be a good thing either. The authors of the paper point out that in some cases, breaking the law is necessary for social change. After all, not all laws are just, and the way they're perceived can change over time.
What's more, leaving humans out of the enforcement loop can magnify the effects when things go wrong. The Prairie Village Post recently reported a case in which an innocent man was pulled over when a license plate scanner misread his license plate and flagged his car as one that was stolen. The police pulled him over and approached his car with guns drawn.
It may be inefficient for a human cop to double-check a license plate every time it's identified by an automated system, but in this case, it would have saved both time and anguish for innocent people. The authors of the paper describe inefficiency as a means of providing checks and balances against automated systems. They call this the "conservation principle."
Room to Go Wrong
Mary Anne Franks, an associate professor of law at the University of Miami who critiqued the paper, agrees that there's plenty of room for automated law enforcement to go wrong. But she says that there are also plenty of positives. "Taken literally, the conservation idea sounds like preserving the status quo," she says. "And I'm not comfortable with preserving the status quo."
She points out that automation could be a way of reducing discrimination. A red light camera doesn't care what color your skin is, whether you're a police officer's spouse or if you're a pillar of the community. It just records infractions. "To have power of discretion is to have the power to discriminate," she says.
Woodrow agrees that automation can be a good thing. "We don't want to preserve the status quo completely," he says. "But we want change at a more deliberate pace, so that we can see how the changes effect people."
Eventually, they both agree, automation could become a way to test laws and bring attention to those that are poorly written or have disproportionately effected marginalized groups. For example, if New York City's stop and frisk policy was enforced at complete random, many more people would likely speak out against that law.
Ultimately, Woodrow hopes this is just the beginning of a larger conversation about both automation and law enforcement. "I think automated law enforcement could lead to more transparency than every in terms of how the law is written and enforced," Woodrow says. "But you have to insist on it from the beginning."
Image copyright Kosovo Police Image caption The find included millions in counterfeit notes and supplies for printing more
Police in Kosovo have seized more than €2m (£1.76m) in fake banknotes, in what authorities say is the largest seizure in decades.
A taxi containing two men, identified as being from Cameroon and Albania, was stopped entering Kosovo at the border with Albania on Friday.
Police discovered fake banknotes in €50, €100, €200 and €500 denominations in a bag in the taxi's trunk.
Sheets of paper cut to banknote size and printing chemicals were also found.
Kosovo police said that after counting the notes, they had found the face values totalled €2,131,000.
Two Cameroonian passports and a residency permit for France were also confiscated, police said.
Both men were taken into custody.
Kosovo has an unenviable reputation as a smugglers' haven, the BBC's Balkans correspondent, Guy De Launey, says.
Historically a province of Serbia, Kosovo declared independence in 2008 and is supported by EU legal officials and Nato peacekeeping troops.
It is recognised by the US and most EU countries but not by Serbia or its ally Russia.
In November, about €13m in counterfeit notes was discovered in nearby Bulgaria in bundles of the €500 denomination.
The European Central Bank announced it would stop producing the €500 note by the end of 2018, amid fears that its high value facilitated criminal activity.
The title of this article is official, but it comes from a non-English source. If an official name from an English source is found, the article should be moved to its appropriate title.
Super Mario Publisher Kodansha Label Comic BomBom Special (Super Mario Bros. 3), KC Deluxe (rest of the series) Artist(s) Kazuki Motoyama Number of Volumes 43
The Super Mario manga by Kazuki Motoyama, also known as KC Mario, was serialized by Kodansha in their manga anthology Comic BomBom from December 1988 through September 1998, with side-chapters published in sister publication Deluxe BomBom, spanning a total of 183 stories. The manga features original characters, some meta jokes, and occasional references to Japanese pop culture. The manga was never published under a single consistent title, instead changing its title to tie-in with the latest Mario-related game being adapted at the time, starting from Super Mario Bros. 3 all the way up to Super Mario 64 (with the final two collected volumes in this sub-series tying into Yoshi's Story). The manga ceased publication due to Kodansha losing the Mario license and has never been reprinted since then.
A total of 43 collected volumes or tankōbon were published of this series. The first volume, based on Super Mario Bros. 3, was published as a manga strategy guide as part of Kodansha's Family Computer Hisshō Dōjō series under the "Comic BomBom Special" imprint. From Super Mario Land and onward, the volumes were published as regular manga collections under the "KC Deluxe" imprint. The first few pages of each volume contain a mini strategy guide featuring commentary on levels from the games the stories are based on. While the volumes contain most of the mainline chapters and side-chapters, there were however five chapters, including the finale, that were not featured in any of the collections.
There were also two collections of four-panel strips released under this series, with the strips themselves being drawn by various artists in addition to Motoyama.
Gallery [ edit ]
Covers [ edit ]
Artwork [ edit ]
Color [ edit ]
Black & White [ edit ]
A little before E3 we caught up with CEO and Founder of Keen Software House, Marek Rosa to discuss the development of Space Engineers and the developers plans in the future.. For those who don't know, Keen Software House is the development team behind the hit sandbox game Space Engineers and the recently released Medieval Engineers. But what does the future hold for this development company? Why did they choose Early Access? We find out that, and then some.
Space Engineers has been in development for almost a year and a half and has been part of Steam's Early Access program for some time now. But what makes Space Engineers special is the way Keen Software House handle the game's development. Since launching on Early Access they've been launching consistent updates every week, but why did they opt for such an intense release schedule? More importantly, why Early Access?
Rosa explained that the reason for Early Access was mostly to make players aware of the game.
“We knew it would take some time to develop the game and we didn't want to wait until it will be completely finished, because you know, Space Engineers is two years in development and if we didn't put it on Steam Early Access then it would still be behind the curtains and nobody would know about the game.”
“We have plans for some future games and some of them will not go to early access because it doesn't make sense. For example, campaign or story-based games, it doesn't make sense to launch it through Early Access,” added Rosa. “But we also have some ideas about other games which are very suited to the Early Access model. We will start with a basic prototype then retroactively keep adding one feature or one thing after another and we'll just build it up.”
As for the development process, the weekly agile, incremental updates have actually forced Keen Software House to work much more professionally, as their updates are under the watchful eye of the player, with their every move being watched over.
“The idea is that you're working very publicly, your work is visible week after week”
“The idea is that you're working very publicly, your work is visible week after week, and this is kind of pressure that's put on me and my team and therefore people try to keep developing that game much more seriously and professionally than if it was done behind closed doors with one big release at the end,” he revealed.
“People are watching us every week, actually all these days in the week, commenting and so on and we need to take this into consideration, it's some kind of pressure, pressing us to really make sure that the features we are adding are not just some stupid ideas, some useless features, so this agile, incremental development, is something we'll be using for Medieval, and for this AI project.
“It's a crucial thing, the most important thing in the development for us.”
On development, Keen Software House recently released the source code for Space Engineers allowing any developer to create their own games using some of the in-game assets, unfortunately it's still early days to say whether it's something of a success.
Rosa did however add that it's a lot harder to create some changes to the game's code than some may thing due to a cascading effect on the rest of the game, because of this some people may attempt to use the code, but it may never get any results.
“It's very hard to actually take the game, change some things, and say ‘okay, well this is a new game, this is not just Space Engineers with slightly different textures' something like that, so I think many people will actually not finish it because it will take too long, they'll lose focus and all these things.
“It was a good idea, and we just need to support it for some time and it'll catch up.”
One of the main ideas for the opening of the source code was to prevent Keen Software House from being the bottleneck for ideas that the community could bring to the game.
“If someone wanted to for example, add an energy shield or something like this they don't need to wait for us to implement it into the game, if they can implement it, they can just implement it themselves,” said Rosa.
When asked whether these ideas could eventually make it into Space Engineers, Rosa revealed that while the new feature could work perfectly in the developers version, when it comes to adding it to the Vanilla game a lot of things need to be considered to make it work, like a domino, this new feature could affect other features, and more things will need to be added in order to ensure fair play.
“Imagine if someone added energy weapons or energy shields on GitHub, it would work in their version and it would be perfect, we may even be able to merge it with our base game in two clicks, but then we'd need to consider ‘okay, we just added energy weapons, so what does it mean, we'd need some new kind of components for assemblers, or we need to add some kind of shields that are guarding the other people against these weapons,' and then this domino effect would start and we'd realise it wasn't as simple to implement and that we may need to spend one month on just finishing it up.”
With involving community ideas so heavily, it does open up the risk of Space Engineers becoming a “feature creep”, meaning that the game would never be fully complete with features being added constantly.
“Lets focus on Space Engineers 2”
“The main thing to consider is that if it's not better to use our team for something else, like a really big jump and start doing Space Engineers 2 or something like that. This incremental thing is how we built Space Engineers, one Thursday after another, but sometimes it's also good to make a huge jump, like stop working on backwards compatibility.
“If we were to add more and more features to Space Engineers, we would still need to think about the people still playing Space Engineers, and so on. But if we decided to say ‘Space Engineers is finished' add some little features here and there, and lets focus on Space Engineers 2.
“Say, we'll be quiet for a couple of months, a year, while we're preparing some big change in Space Engineers 2, then when we finally release the game, we wouldn't need to care about all of the backwards compatibility with Space Engineers 1, like worlds, blocks, or maybe 3D assets, and stuff like that.
“So we would be allowed to have this ‘no looking back' mentality, so we can jump really, really far.”
In addition to Space Engineers, Keen Software House is also working in tandem on another “Engineers” title, Medieval Engineers, one that involves more interesting physics and a focus on medieval architecture and technologies. Though the idea for Medieval Engineers was conceived a little before the release of Space Engineers.
“We considered something like Medieval Engineers around a couple of months before we released Space Engineers, but back then we didn't have time to actually think about this. It was more of a cool idea, things like using certain blocks, physics, and other things in a different environment and setting, instead of space,” Rosa revealed. “Later, though, when Space Engineers became kind of, this success, then we went back to this idea and started thinking that we didn't want to develop this space game forever, it'd be cool to see some different settings, some nature, some green colour, and stuff like that.”
Development on the two games though hasn't been as stressful as you'd think, in fact the parallel development has actually helped Keen Software House bring ideas from one game to another.
“Once we had the two teams working on both Space and Medieval Engineers, we soon realised that some featured added into Medieval Engineers could be added in some way to Space Engineers and vice versa. It was actually a really cost-effective way to develop a second game because it's not like creating a game entirely from scratch, like a real-time strategy, for example,” he revealed.
With the idea of Medieval Engineers working in tandem with Space Engineers we wondered whether they've considered blending them both together with a Civilization-like progression system where players can go through different eras until ultimately ending up at Space Engineers, to our surprise it was something Rosa would love to do.
“We've been thinking about this, maybe, I cannot say it will not happen in the future because it kind of makes sense, but right now, today, this year, or next year, we are too far from that, we are building the basics, especially in Medieval, such as the basics of survival, and this sort of thing, but it can end up like this.
“Like you'd have one game called ‘Engineers', and you will go from some ancient, even pre-ancient era, like ‘Prehistoric Engineers', then to something like ‘Today Engineers', then you'd go to ‘Space Engineers', and so on.
“I would love to do this, but it will take us some time before we get it.”
Space Engineers right now doesn't have a set final release, but it seems Keen Software House are trying to wrap up development, that is until another great idea comes along that they just have to add into the game.
“once we feel the game is polished, solid, and stable, then I think we can say it's finished”
“With Space Engineers, we've almost already decided to start wrapping up the game, polishing, and preparing for release, but then we decided, ‘lets add planets' as a last big feature, so planets kind of delayed the release because first, we need to finish them, then we need to add features that make sense of the entire planets idea.
“For example, we had to add Oxygen, because when there are planets we need Oxygen, stuff like that. And usually when you add one feature, it kind of requires to add some other features for that to make sense to eventually close the circle.”
Upon finalising the game, Keen Software House hope to add a few missions, “they will not be story based, they'll mostly be about adding some kind of goal to the game,” Rosa added because right now the game has no real goals.
“So once planets and then the mission framework will be in, then we'll start looking at the game from a big picture perspective, look at what's missing, and what needs to be polished. This will go for a couple of months, more than six months, and once we feel the game is polished, solid, and stable, then I think we can say it's finished.”
Once Space Engineers has released on PC, Keen Software House will likely focus on releasing a few updates, as well as putting more into Medieval Engineers. The game is also coming to Xbox One, though we haven't heard too much about that as of late, but there's a good reason.
“It's taking some time,” Rosa admitted. “Mostly because the game is written in C# and .net and we need to move this to C++. The game will still remain in C#, but we're currently working on a conversion tool that'll convert the stuff to C++ so it can be a multiplatform game.
“So once we solve Xbox, then the other platforms should be no problem, though Microsoft has exclusivity for one year. But it doesn't matter, as these things take so much time, we're not worrying about whether we release the PlayStation version of the game now, or in a couple of months, or in a year.”
With the launch of Windows 10 looming, we also asked whether Space Engineers for Xbox One would offer cross-platform compatibility between the two consoles, something Rosa would love to do, but it depends entirely on any complications that may arise during development on this feature.
“I prefer not to make any promises, as some little technical detail can prevent this from happening, though we may try, but I can't make any promises at the moment,” he said. “We also don't know what performance sacrifices we would need to make to the Xbox version of Space Engineers, or some sort of Android or iPhone version of Space Engineers, as these are not as powerful as some PCs.”
Space Engineers and Medieval Engineers are currently available to purchase on Steam under the Early Access program.
A huge thanks to Joshua Merrick for helping out with some of these talking points.
Houston Astros manager A.J. Hinch dropped the biggest bombshell of the year in terms of bullpens when he named incumbent Luke Gregerson the team's “primary closer” for the 2016 season. The Astros gave up a ton to acquire Ken Giles from the Philadelphia Phillies, and the assumption all offseason was that he would have the ninth inning to himself in Houston. Instead, Hinch has decided to go with the guy he's familiar with.
Bookmark our Closer Report for updates on current closers and job security >>
Gregerson had a painful Spring, missing most of the Grapefruit League with a strained left intercostal muscle, but he looked great once he was finally able to get on the mound. Giles, on the other hand, posted a 6.75 ERA in 9.1 innings of Cactus League play. Giles has the most upside out of the two late-inning relievers, but Hinch decided to go with the veteran Gregerson. In “real baseball,” you actually want your best reliever to be available earlier in order to alleviate the temptation to manage to the save rule. The Yankees have done this in the past with Dellin Betances and the Royals with Wade Davis (who is now closing for them, however). It is possible that Hinch is trying this approach with Giles, but it is more likely that he was concerned about Giles' rough Spring and knows Gregerson can handle the role based on past performance.
In 2015, Gregerson saved 31 games for Hinch's Astros, posting a 3.10 ERA/2.86 FIP with 8.70 K/9 and showing impressive control with a 1.48 BB/9. Giles, meanwhile, saved 15 games for the Phillies, posting a 1.80 ERA/2.13 FIP with a stellar 11.19 K/9 and 3.21 BB/9. Giles can touch triple digits with his fastball while Gregerson tops out in the low 90s. Both are excellent closers if in the role, but for now, Gregerson will have the most value out of the two simply due to usage. Giles is worth holding onto or maybe even trying to buy low on, but Gregerson might not do anything to lose his job.
It's a tricky situation, but Gregerson's owners should be happy about it for now at least. Any shallow league players may want to take a look at their wire in case either pitcher is on it.
Import your team for free to get lineup advice >>
David A. Marcillo is a correspondent at FantasyPros. To read more from David, check out his archive and follow him @DavidMarcillo77.
The noises made by shot badgers and comparisons with harpooned whales will be among the measures used to assess the humaneness of badger culls in England, a government document seen by the Guardian reveals.
The paper also acknowledges that none of the shooters will have experience of killing free-running badgers and that the requirement to target the heart and lungs is untested.
Anti-cull campaigners have reacted furiously to the heavily redacted document, which is marked "protect".
"With such large-scale killing in our countryside, it is simply unacceptable that the government is continuing to be so evasive about how suffering will be measured during the pilot culls," said Mark Jones, executive director of the Humane Society International UK, which obtained the document through the Freedom of Information Act.
He is particularly concerned that no information has been made public about how wounded animals that retreat underground to die can be included in the humaneness assessment or the proportion of badger carcasses that will be collected for postmortems.
"The design of the study to assess humaneness of the badger-culling pilots has been overseen by an independent expert panel," said a spokesman for the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs. "All marksmen are required to pass a government training course and must adhere to best practice guidance. Humaneness will be monitored through field observations, postmortems and a report will be drawn up by the independent panel."
The key aim of the pilot culls to begin in Somerset and Gloucestershire from Saturday are to discover whether night-time shootings of free-running badgers can kill sufficient numbers of the animals in a safe and humane way. Successful pilots would see the rollout of culling nationwide as part of the government's attempts to curb the rising epidemic of tuberculosis (TB) in cattle, which now costs taxpayers £100m a year and saw 37,000 cattle slaughtered in 2012.
In a previous 10-year trial of badger culling, the animals were trapped in cages before being shot. This method is relatively expensive so in the pilots ministers have allowed marksmen to shoot free-running animals, although this introduces the risk of wounding. Among the factors influencing the accuracy of the shooting, the document notes: "No shooter will have prior experience of shooting badgers." It also notes previous research on free shooting of wild animals all targeted the brain, rather than the chest area.
The document presents four possible outcomes of the shooting, including "death caused directly by the shooting due to severe trauma to vital organs" and "death caused indirectly by the shooting due to non-lethal wounding associated with secondary infections and starvation due to reduced mobility". Missed shots and non-fatal wounding are the other possibilities.
The "time to death" (TTD) is cited as a key factor in assessing pain and distress and the document states: "A similar approach as to that which is used to determine TTD in whales is proposed for the current study." It adds: "Observation of a shot animal's behaviour and vocalisations is the only method available to determine the degree of pain that may be experienced during the dying process."
"I am stunned at the ludicrous and unfounded assumptions that Defra appears to make about the relevance of killing methods for entirely different species such as whales," said Jones. "No credible scientist would have confidence in the way that the government intends to assess the suffering of badgers, and yet Defra appears to be doing all it can to avoid independent scrutiny of its methodology."
A scientist familiar with the cull policy said: "You need to set a threshold – which is subjective – above which it is not considered humane and the cull is stopped. My view is that the threshold has to be pretty damn high. It is not really acceptable for any animal to go off injured." The document states that daily data on the cull will be sent to Defra once the shooting begins "so ministers are aware of any welfare issues and if deemed necessary could halt the cull".
Peter Kendall, president of the National Farmers Union, said: "The purpose of the pilots is to assess whether controlling badger numbers in a controlled way under licence by trained professionals is safe, effective and humane. We are extremely confident that the pilots will go ahead and will be effective."
Jilly Cooper, author, animal rights campaigner and Gloucestershire landowner, said: "I fear that massacring England's badgers in the vain hope of tackling bovine TB is going to be as brutal as it is useless."
Added Jan 24, 2009,
New research has revealed that the tapetail, bignose and whalefish are in fact all the same fish.
For decades, three different names have been used for three very different looking underwater creatures: the Tapetail, the Bignose and the Whalefish. A team of seven scientists*, including Smithsonian curator Dr Dave Johnson, has now discovered that these three fishes are in fact part of the same family.
After studying the body structures of the tapetails (Mirapinnidae), bignose fish (Megalomycteridae) and whalefish (Cetomimidae) and taking advantage of modern DNA-analysis, the team realized that the three are actually the larvae, male and female, respectively, of a single fish family – Cetomimidae (also known as Flabby whalefish).
“This is an incredibly significant and exciting finding,” says Johnson. “For decades scientists have wondered why all tapetails were sexually immature, all bignose fishes were males and all whalefishes were females and had no known larval stages. The answer to part of that question was right under our noses all along—the specimens of tapetails and bignose fishes that were used to describe their original families included transitional forms—we just needed to study them more carefully.”
If you wish to find out more, the article “Deep-sea mystery solved: astonishing larval transformations and extreme sexual dimorphism unite three fish families” has been published in the journal Biology Letters by the Royal Society, London.
http://publishing.royalsociety.org/
http://journals.royalsociety.org/content/g06648352k5m1562/
* The seven scientists behind the discovery are:
G.David Johnson, Division of Fishes, National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution, Washington, DC 20560, USA
John R. Paxton, Ichthyology, Australian Museum, Sydney, New South Wales 2010, Australia
Tracey T. Sutton, Virginia Institute of Marine Science, Gloucester Point, VA 23062, USA
Takashi P. Satoh, Marine Bioscience, Ocean Research Institute, University of Tokyo, Nakano-ku, Tokyo 164-8639, Japan
Tetsuya Sado, Zoology, Natural History Museum and Institute, Chuo-ku, Chiba 266-8682, Japan
Mutsumi Nishida, Marine Bioscience, Ocean Research Institute, University of Tokyo, Nakano-ku, Tokyo 164-8639, Japan
Masaki Miya, Zoology, Natural History Museum and Institute, Chuo-ku, Chiba 266-8682, Japan
Has the newly crowned winner of The Biggest Loser lost too much?
Following last night's finale of the weight-loss reality competition show, the resounding answer seems to be yes.
In last night's big conclusion, in which contestant Rachel beat out fellow Losers Bobby and David for the title, the winner's 105-pound frame seemed to immediately raise some eyebrows — including those of trainers Jillian Michaels and Bob Harper, based on this reaction shot captured by a viewer:
On the show, Rachel, a voice-over actress from Los Angeles, lost a whopping 155 pounds, whittling herself from 260 to 105. At 5-foot 4-inches, that would put Rachel's body mass index — a measure used by many doctors as an indicator of a healthy weight range — below the recommended line.
NBC said it had no statement.
EW commenters, however, immediately lit up last night's recap with their thoughts, most agreeing with the sentiment that Rachel appeared too thin. Commenter Arnold said, “This made me so sad. Rachel looked beautiful at 150 pounds. I expected her to end up in the 120s. The girl who came out last night looked frail and sick, not like an athlete.” Twitter also had strong thoughts.
I know it's the biggest loser, but Rachel does NOT look healthy. She looked better @ the end of last episode pic.twitter.com/SqkcvN5mYY — Felicia ⚡️🌼 (@BlameTanev) February 5, 2014
Meanwhile, commenter Cory was also concerned but knew at least one person who disagreed, “I thought Rachel looked terrible, however my girlfriend thought she looked great. I'm still trying to figure that out.”
Rachel appeared on the Today show this morning to talk about her win, but did not address the uproar. See the clip below.
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
I cannot stand to see this “Democrats kicked God out of their platform and then booed Him at their convention” nonsense bandied about for even five more minutes. So can we lay it to rest right here?
Here is a fact: the 2008 Democratic platform contained a reference to God, as in “We need a government that…gives everyone willing to work hard the chance to make the most of their God-given potential.” The 2012 Democratic platform does not contain that line.
Here's another fact: the 2012 Democratic platform dropped another sentence from the 2008 version. That sentence? “We will ensure that public funds are not used to proselytize or discriminate.” It refers to the Bush-era policy, which President Obama has continued, of allowing faith-based organizations to discriminate when hiring employees using federal funds. Most religious conservatives fiercely support that policy (although they do so now silently) on the grounds that it protects the freedom of religious institutions.
Fact: this second and actually substantive omission has not been mentioned by any of the conservatives gleefully accusing Democrats of banishing God. Nor was it reported by David Brody of the Christian Broadcasting Network, who has been busy promoting his “exclusive” about the disappearance of the phrase “God-given.”
Around this time of year I always crave egg nog (vegan, of course, non-vegan egg nog has always seemed rather gross to me). I love the holiday spices that go along with the season but have a hard time being able to participate in holiday gatherings due to my vegan keto diet. So, I made my own vegan keto "egg" nog!
Nog, Serves 4:
2 cups unsweetened coconut milk from Aroy-D
1/4 cup rum (I actually prefer whiskey)
1 tsp cinnamon
1 tsp nutmeg
1 tsp vanilla extract
1 tablespoon monk fruit (or preferred sugar free sweetener)
Macros per serving:
Calories 203
Fat 17g
Protein 1g
Carbs 2g
Sugar alcohol 12g
Put all the ingredients into a blender and blend until foamy. Serve cold with a cinnamon stick!
A report claims the Kremlin is sympathetic to groups agitating for an independent Texas, and has been providing support for the secessionists online.
Nathan Smith, the self-declared “foreign minister” of the Texas Nationalist Movement, a group that wants an independent Texas, has been to numerous conferences in Moscow, where he attracted the attention of Russian media.
The conference Smith attended, the International Russian Conservative Forum, draws in far-right and separatist activists from across the globe. Many of these view Vladimir Putin as a guardian of conservative values despite his ties to the communist KGB and regrets regarding the fall of the Soviet Union. Some even go so far as to call Moscow the “Third Rome.”
The party that organizes the Russian Conservative Forum, Rodinia, works very closely with Vladimir Putin's United Russia party.
“I'm going to meet with a number of public organizations that are close to [the TNM] in spirit and common values to us. I'm looking for friends,” Smith told a Russian newspaper.
Shortly after the interview was published, dozens of Twitter accounts began tweeting about a “Free Texas.” It is likely that many of these accounts stemmed from the Kremlin's troll farms, which Putin uses to shift the conversation in foreign media and stir up mischief.
References to Texas have also become increasingly common in Russian official's statements. In a speech last December, for instance, Putin accused the United States of “grabbing” and stealing Texas from Mexico in the 1830s.
Russian state-run media has also been vocally supportive of secessionist movements across the globe, particularly Scotland, Venice, and Catalonia. Putin has also been a strong supporter of the Eurosceptic movement throughout the European Union, including lending the French National Front, an anti-EU party, $11 million.
“Since the destabilization of the West is on Russia's agenda, they may try reaching out to U.S. separatists,” Russia expert Anton Shekhovtsov said.
It may be that Russia sees the annexation of Texas as a sort of moral equivalent to their recent seizure of Crimea, as well. Because the U.S. condemns Russian intervention in Ukraine, Russia condemns what they see as similar events in American history.
Some Russian media pundits have also called for a break-up of the United States, much like the U.S.S.R. broke apart in the early 1990s. They believe it will humble the U.S. and serve as some kind of revenge.
Not many fears that the Kremlin will foment revolution in Texas, however.
“It's just another mischief-making gambit,” NYU professor and Russia expert Mark Galeotti said. “Nothing to be seriously worried about.”
CORAL GABLES, Fla. - A University of Miami medical student is the focus of an internal investigation after court documents allege he uploaded his classmates' photographs on various websites, including one for foot-fetish fans.
Two women obtained restraining orders against Alex Zhang last week after they discovered their own photos on the websites.
Zhang, 25, has not replied to requests for comment on his Facebook and Instagram pages.
The photos were posted on bulletin-board type websites that cater to foot fetishes and "creep shots," in which users fantasize or sexualize photos taken in public places. The photos were originally posted on the women's social media pages.
At least one woman said she complained to the university several times since December 2015 about his "repeated acts of stalking and harassment." A sexual harassment complaint was filed against Zhang in April 2016, and the university ordered that he stay away from her, although he was allowed to remain in school.
"Federal statutes prevent us from commenting regarding any ongoing student matter," the administration said in a statement. "Regardless, creating and maintaining a safe and nurturing environment in which our students can learn is among the university's highest priorities. In compliance with Title IX, it is also our commitment to thoroughly investigate and adjudicate any allegations of inappropriate behavior among our students, while at the same time providing a safe atmosphere as an inquiry moves forward."
Zhang first began harassing one of the women "via text message, Facebook message and Snapchat," according to court documents.
In one instance, the woman uploaded a Snapchat post saying she was at the school's library. Zhang soon showed up and tried to sit with her, the documents allege. Eventually, the woman blocked Zhang from all of her social media accounts.
Zhang later went to a bar and "offered to buy students drinks and offered money" to look at the woman's Facebook photos, the documents allege. A month later, Zhang also went to a bar where she was attending a birthday party and was seen taking photos of her, the documents claim.
The woman linked Zhang to the photos on the websites because they included the ones he took at the bar.
The university went on to say in its statement that it has "retained the services of a nationally recognized firm to assist those members of the university community affected by the unauthorized postings."
Copyright 2017 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
The New England Patriots are beatable. Just ask rookie Geno Smith. In his most signature career win, Geno threw for 233 yards, 1 touchdown, and added 32 yards on the ground with another score. Before I detail the game, let me just recognize the top 4 receivers that day: Jeremy Kerley, David Nelson, Jeff Cumberland, Stephen Hill. Take a moment and appreciate Brandon Marshall and Eric Decker. And of course Ryan Fitzpatrick, who is playing some of his best career football when it matters most.
The day began on a high note for the Jets. Geno directed an opening drive touchdown, a 12-yard pass to Jeremy Kerley to give the Jets early momentum. Brady and the Patriots then responded with a 1-yard Brandon Bolden touchdown run. Gronk, making his season debut after missing the first 6 games with back and forearm injuries, had a key 30-yard reception on that drive.
Geno Smith threw a pick 6 on the next possession, giving the Pats a momentum-swinging 14-7 lead. After a Jets field goal, the Patriots scored again on a 17-yard run by current Jet, Stevan Ridley. Kenbrell Thompkins also played for the Patriots at the time, catching 2 passes for 16 yards against the Jets. 21-10 Patriots at the half.
On just the second play of the 2nd half, Brady was looking for Gronk on a cross, but was intercepted by Antonio Allen, who returned it for a touchdown. 21-17 Pats. That is also the Jets' last pick 6. After a pair of Pats punts, Geno directed a much-needed scoring drive, this time on an 8-yard scramble for a touchdown. A 27-yard pass to David Nelson on a 3rd down and 5 was the key play on this drive. 24-21 Jets. Gang Green held Brady in check on the next possession, forcing another punt. Nick Folk then tacked on 3 more for a 27-21 Jets lead with 2 minutes to go in the 3rd quarter. The Patriots would eventually tie the game on a pair of field goals after the Jets offense could not close out the game down the stretch. 27-27 heading into Overtime.
After the Patriots won the toss and elected to receive, the Jets defense came up with a huge stop to force a punt. That Patriots drive looked promising after a 16-yard completion to Gronk. After getting into field goal range, Nick Folk lined up for the game winning 56-yarder. He pulled it wide left, but New England's Chris Jones was called for an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty after pushing his teammate into the Jets formation. It was the first time in NFL history this penalty was called. The 15-yard penalty put Folk in much better position, and he connected on the 41-yarder to give the Jets a 30-27 win.
Beating Brady at MetLife. It's happened before. In the biggest game since the 2010 playoffs, it needs to happen again for the Jets.
Two of President Donald Trump's wealthiest supporters, Robert Mercer and his daughter, Rebekah, attended a conference for the Heartland Institute where speakers reportedly dismissed climate change and the science to support it.
Myron Ebell, a former member of Trump's transition team on the environment, thanked "the people in this room and people like you around the country," during a session called "Resetting Climate Policy," which the Mercers attended, The Washington Post reported.
Ebell received the "Speaks Truth to Power Award" from Heartland for his opposition to the idea of man-made climate change.
"It's the people who have worked persistently against global warming alarmism that made this election result possible," he said.
The Mercer family's foundation gave the Heartland Institute over $5 million from 2008-2015, according to the Post, though the size of the donations has dropped in recent years. In 2014 and 15, the Mercer foundation gave $500,000 to Berkeley Earth, which is run by former global warming skeptic who changes his views in 2012.
According to Muller, Mercer "has been very supportive of our work and never once did he indicate to us that he had a hope for outcomes in what we did."
Rebekah Mercer declined to speak with a Post reporter at the event.
Retailer Matt Johnson talks/rants about the ins and out of comic retailing in a new column.
Matt Johnson is the owner of Cup o' Kryptonite, a Des Moines comic book store and coffee shop.
I have needed to write this up for some time.
Most everyone who buys comics or speaks about them in the media or who even has a passing interest in them has NO idea how the comic book industry ACTUALLY works. Most understand that there is a publisher, a distributor and a retailer (unless you are stealing them on-line) in the mix somewhere. Most understand how the flow happens as it pertains to how the writer gets the idea to the artist and the art to the publisher and that comic becomes a thing you read. However, it is the very specific process after the publisher has this art that most do NOT understand. No, comics do not just materialize in your hold box or appear on the rack every Wednesday.
First things first – you need to know a little about the distributor and a system called the Direct Market. Started in the 1970's, the system came from shops and groups buying in bulk direct from the publishers at a hefty discount and got their books slightly earlier than drugstores and newsstands. The whole system would eventually be weaned down to one single distributor in the 1990s that holds exclusive contracts to sell comics on behalf of most of the comic's industry. This would be Diamond Comic Distributors.
Diamond offers shops a tiered discount system based on a shop's purchases. If you order over a certain amount of inventory from a publisher, you get a discount ranging up to 45%. Now, that might sound like a lot until you factor the cost of running a brick and mortar shop (rent, employees, your utility bill, repayment of a loan, extremely bad shipping costs and the dozens of other costs) and then you realize how small that discount can be.
Diamond takes initial orders from retailers up to two months before the book comes out. This is so publishers can have enough lead time to set print runs. For example, the July Previews catalog is for books and merchandise that will not hit stands until at least September.
Two notes on these initial orders. Yes, all of these initial orders come from the same Yellow Pages looking Previews Catalogs you see in shops. That is all the information we have to go off of to put in our initial orders. It can be brutally tough to figure out how many of a brand-new title to order when all you have is a picture of the cover and a few lines describing the book. The other thing to point out is the immensely disproportionate emphasis a front of the catalog book gets. If you are a retailer and ordering DC or ordering the independent publisher in the back, which do you think gets more time and effort put into their order? Of course there are a lot of problems here and nearly all the major issues in the industry come from this ordering system and this distributor. I won't go into all of them, but… you can already, I'm sure, guess at many.
This is where the system used to end. You would order two months out and you would get your books when the publisher printed them. Then a lawsuit created a slight help to the retailer.
After issues with lateness began to plague the industry, a suit was filed and Diamond helped to create a cutoff ordering system. The Final Order Commitment system was created to help retailers better facilitate the ebbs and flows of customers adding and dropping books or publishers not keeping their end of the deal and publishing on time.
The FOC system allows, for the most part, a book to be adjusted up or down twenty three days or roughly three weeks before it arrives in shops. Now, you need to understand nearly ALL comics that are purchased by the retailer are theirs to own forever. So, when a book is not bought, that is 100% lost income. There are NO returns (DC still maintains a term of sale that allows for very minimal returns on books they have switched creators on after a certain point. Perhaps less than 1% of their books are returned for credit.)
The educated guessing game comes in when you put in your FOC (or initial order for publishers that do not participate in the FOC system.) How many of comic X will we sell? Do we want any of Comic X on the shelf for the walk in customers? Will every walk in be in on the first week of a book's release? The second? Is there a reason to want extra copies left after an initial period of time? Is there an incentive for me to order more? Is there a variant and if I add extra copies to my order for Comic X will the variants sale actually make me more money than the extra issues?
Frustration really starts to set in when you see a company, like Marvel, double ship books. We aren't ordering with the most current data, we're still ordering based on an issue out. So, say Comic X drops off in quality or creators leave and the book is double shipped, you can't get your orders cut down and you lost double what you would have before.
Now for a few other little comic issues. The distributor is a monopoly (well, not in the eyes of the Federal government), but in all intents and purposes, if you want comics before secondary shipments arrive (usually a full month) you HAVE to order through Diamond. Don't like how they do business, you can't go across the street to company B. There is no company B in comics distribution. Also, if you want to order something from a publisher directly, say Dark Horse, they are not allowed to sell to you, unless it goes through Diamond first. Part of the exclusive “deal” they signed.
Diamond is the beginning and the end of the problems, for the most part. There is an awful lot of history leading up to the current troubles and issues in this industry and the publishers shoulder the blame for the product, but for the most part I point my finger at Diamond for many of the overall issues plaguing shops. Diamond also never takes leadership, on behalf of the “best interests of those shops,” which is needed. They must take stands against things like 3D covers, but they stay mute. Who cares when they make money, right? Make all the covers 3D and charge $20 a copy, as long as Diamond makes money.
They are a giant corporation, run like a giant corporation; terrible customer service, caring only about the bottom line and moves with a snail's pace when it comes to change. But they are our crutch to bear.
Here is the deal and the main thing to consider the next time you go into a shop. It isn't all about you. You are just one very small cog in the giant industry that is comics. However, your actions have consequences and can affect change. Know that when you buy or don't buy a book, money is either made or lost. From the little shop to the big publishers owned by trillion dollar entertainment companies. How you buy that book is very important.
Hold lists or a pull system is the lifeblood of any comic shop. Initial orders are the best way for a shop to know what and how many to order. When you drop a book and don't give the shop owner enough time to get it off their orders; that costs them money. Most can deal with one here and one there, but when bunches come in all at once, there are serious losses to be shouldered.
Shopping off the wall may seem like fun, but it isn't for the shop owner. Know the guessing if you want or don't want a specific issue in any given month causes many a graying of hairs.
Comics are a business. You may think they are all fun and games. Of course, right? We are here to amuse you and have a gay old time, but it isn't the case. Yes, you're leaving with a smile on your face is what we want, but in reality we want to make money, to provide for our families, put a roof over our heads and a shirt on our back.
I'm sorry to be a killjoy (not just a really good title from Dark Horse) but some things need to be said. I could go on and hopefully will in the months to come, there is a lot more to get off my chest.
MIDLAND, Texas – Texas juniors Colin Markes and Adrian Ortiz won the last five games of their doubles championship match and claimed the men's doubles title Sunday at the Racquet Club Collegiate Invitational.
Markes and Ortiz took on the sibling tandem of Josh and Jonathan Sheehy of Abilene Christian in Sunday's final. The Sheehy brothers assumed a 5-3 lead in the eight-game pro set final, but Markes and Ortiz ran the table the rest of the way. The Texas tandem prevailed 8-5 to win the doubles title.
"That was a good performance today by those guys," said 18th-year UT head coach Michael Center . "Adrian hadn't played in over a year (due to injury). We were actually down a break early, but the guys won the last five games of the match and played really well down the stretch. The Abilene Christian team plays excellent doubles, so that was a great effort by our guys to win the final."
Markes also participated in the men's singles final where he took on Oklahoma's Ferran Calvo. Markes posed a formidable challenge, but Calvo claimed a tight match, 6-4, 6-4.
"Colin lost one break in each set, and that ultimately decided the match, but he played a great tournament," Center said. "He served well all week and made another final. Colin has a lot to feel good about this weekend."
Texas resumes fall tournament play later this week at the Cajun Tennis Classic hosted by The University of Louisiana at Lafayette.
Racquet Club Collegiate Invitational
Doubles Final
Colin Markes / Adrian Ortiz (Texas) def. Josh Sheehy/Jonathan Sheehy (Abilene Christian), 8-5
After the New York Times published a report on Thursday in which five women publicly accused Louis C.K. of sexual misconduct, Parks and Recreation creator Mike Schur apologized for giving the comedian a guest spot on the show.
“Misogyny is a cancer. Harassment and abuse are that cancer metastasizing and going untreated. Stories like this being reported and printed are the first steps toward a cure,” he wrote. “I don't remember when I heard the rumors about him. But I'm sure it was before the last time he was on Parks and Rec. And that sucks. And I'm sorry.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
C.K. played police officer Dave Sanderson, an early love interest of Amy Poehler's Leslie Knope, on Parks. His final appearance came in the season four episode “Dave Returns,” which originally aired on Feb. 16, 2012.
The screening for C.K.'s upcoming film I Love You, Daddy, which centers on a relationship between a 17-year-old girl and a 68-year-old man, was cancelled due to “unexpected circumstances” ahead of the publication of the Times‘ story.
Write to Megan McCluskey at megan.mccluskey@time.com.
Alec Brownscombe of Maple Leafs Hot Stove interviewed Jason Smith, Kelowna Rockets head coach, about the newest Tampa Bay Lightning draftee Cal Foote season yesterday at the 2017 NHL Entry Draft. He was kind enough to let us publish his interview.
Brownscombe: Scouts seem to say he was playing top pair against good players pretty much since he entered the WHL. What makes him effective shutting down good players?
Jason Smith: I can't really speak to last year, but this past season, he played big minutes against top players on the opposing team on a nightly basis and had a lot of success. His hockey IQ is at a real high level for a junior player. He sees the ice well, can read plays, and is not just puck focused. He has vision into the play where he can see the next play coming, which allows him, a lot of the time, to cut the play off and rely on his positioning and his footwork and his stick to be a shutdown defender.
Brownscombe: Scouts kick around the words heavy feet with him. What do you make of it? His top gear looks pretty good; how are his starts/stops, edgework and lateral agility?
Smith: I think he's an efficient skater. It's something that he works at and is continuing to work at. As he gets stronger and catches up with his body, he'll become a very good skater. I think he moves well enough and sees the game well enough that I don't think his feet will be any factor in him playing and having success at the next level. There are elite skaters, there are good skaters, and there are bad skaters. I would say he's a good skater. He's not elite, but he's not, by any means, slow of foot or bad.
Brownscombe: He quarterbacks your power play as well. He's not necessarily flashy in that role but scouts mention that he's smart and gets pucks through. Is that a fair description?
Smith: He's got a real good shot, but he, as I said earlier, has a vision for the game where he can see the passing lanes and complete the pass. He does have an elite-level shot from the blue line, which is obviously positive. Anybody that can get the puck to the net and deliver the puck on target from the blue line is a real factor in the game given there are so many players trying to get into the shot lanes nowadays to block shots. It's a structural thing defensively to be in the lane to block shots. If you can get the puck on the blue line and put it on net, you're doing things the right way.
Brownscombe: I've got ask the question: You played in the same conference as Adam for years. How do they compare? Perhaps more interestingly, how do they differ?
Smith: They're very similar with their competitiveness and their knowledge of the game, which is a huge factor in having success. Cal's game will grow and as he matures he will become more of a physical player. Adam had very good hockey IQ and was a fierce competitor. I think Cal has got more offensive upside than what Adam probably did. They're both right-handers, and they both defend really well. Adam was obviously a really important player in the league for a long time and I think Cal will be the same.
Brownscombe: What advantages do a kid like Cal have as the son of an NHL player, growing up in and around NHL dressing rooms and with a resource like his father available to him as he's developed? How does that help him now that he's going through the draft process?
Smith: The biggest thing is you're brought up in the culture of being a professional athlete. You're around and you see the commitment and the work ethic that's put in on a regular basis by, in Cal's situation, his dad. They're accustomed to knowing the work that is put in in the summer and the day-to-day routine of what you go through. That's one of the things -- he's very pro-ready and very mature that way going through this process. He never gets overly amped up too high and he never gets down when things don't go his way. He's on an even keel, and I think that's part of having lived with the life of being the son of a professional player. You really learn and watch and see the different ways people go about things.
Brownscombe: Given his intelligence and physically maturity, is he one of the more pro ready guys in your league?
Smith: I think that's all a part of the process depending on the organization you're with and the route they take developing their players. Being a young defenceman advancing and playing in the national league at a young age is difficult; the more time you have to season and hone your skills and develop is going to give you the best chance to have success at that next level. I think he's got an NHL hockey IQ and his skills and his growth and development continue to get better.
The Philippine National Police (PNP) refuted the claim of an international human rights group that President Duterte's war against illegal drugs was a “war against the poor.”
“What's the basis for them to say that?” PNP spokesperson Senior Supt. Dionardo Carlos said during a press conference at Camp Crame when asked if their drug war only targeted those in the poor communities.
ADVERTISEMENT
In the hierarchy of a drug syndicate, Carlos said that there are more targets in the lower echelon, which explains why fewer drug bosses are neutralized compared to the ordinary pushers and users.
“Most of our targets are in the lower echelon of a drug group but we were also able to get high-value targets,” he said.
Carlos said the Human Rights Watch (HRW) should also recognize that despite the killing of thousands of drug suspects, the PNP was able to arrest 48,000 drug personalities.
“We have the 48,000 people arrested alive. Ito ‘yung resulta nung ating kampanya sa illegal na droga (this is the result of our campaign against illegal drugs),” he added.
The New York-based group released a 124-page report showing details of extrajudicial killings allegedly committed by the police.
READ: Duterte criminally liable for ‘human rights calamity'—HRW report
It said the PNP planted evidence—guns, ammunition and drugs—in the crime scene to implicate victims to drug activities. JE
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
The origin and nature of Mars are mysterious. The planet has geologically distinct hemispheres with smooth lowlands in the north and cratered, high-elevation terrain in the south. The red planet also has two small oddly-shaped oblong moons and a composition that sets it apart from that of the Earth.
New research by CU Boulder professor Stephen Mojzsis outlines a likely cause for these mysterious features of Mars: a colossal impact with a large asteroid early in the planet's history. This asteroid—about the size of Ceres, one of the largest asteroids in the solar system—smashed into Mars, ripped off a chunk of the northern hemisphere and left behind a legacy of metallic elements in the planet's interior. The crash also created a ring of rocky debris around Mars that may have later clumped together to form its moons, Phobos and Deimos.
The study appeared online in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, a publication of the American Geophysical Union, in June.
“We showed in this paper—that from dynamics and from geochemistry—that we could explain these three unique features of Mars,” said Mojzsis, a professor in CU Boulder's Department of Geological Sciences. “This solution is elegant, in the sense that it solves three interesting and outstanding problems about how Mars came to be.”
Astronomers have long wondered about these features. Over 30 years ago, scientists proposed a large asteroid impact to explain the disparate elevations of Mars' northern and southern hemispheres; the theory became known as the “single impact hypothesis.” Other scientists have suggested that erosion, plate tectonics or ancient oceans could have sculpted the distinct landscapes. Support for the single impact hypothesis has grown in recent years, supported by computer simulations of giant impacts.
Mojzsis thought that by studying Mars' metallic element inventory, he might be able to better understand its mysteries. He teamed up with Ramon Brasser, an astronomer at the Earth-Life Science Institute at the Tokyo Institute of Technology in Japan, to dig in.
The team studied samples from Martian meteorites and realized that an overabundance of rare metals—such as platinum, osmium and iridium—in the planet's mantle required an explanation. Such elements are normally captured in the metallic cores of rocky worlds, and their existence hinted that Mars had been pelted by asteroids throughout its early history. By modeling how a large object such as an asteroid would have left behind such elements, Mojzsis and Brasser explored the likelihood that a colossal impact could account for this metal inventory.
A global false-color topographic view of Mars from the Mars Orbiter Laser Altimeter (MOLA) experiment. The spatial resolution is about 15 kilometers at the equator and less at higher latitudes, with a vertical accuracy of less than 5 meters. The figure illustrates topographic features associated with resurfacing of the northern hemisphere lowlands in the vicinity of the Utopia impact basin (at the near-center of the image in blue). Credit: MOLA Science Team
The two scientists first estimated the amount of these elements from Martian meteorites, and deduced that the metals account for about 0.8 percent of Mars' mass. Then, they used impact simulations with different-sized asteroids striking Mars to see which size asteroid accumulated the metals at the rate they expected in the early solar system.
Based on their analysis, Mars' metals are best explained by a massive meteorite collision about 4.43 billion years ago, followed by a long history of smaller impacts. In their computer simulations, an impact by an asteroid at least 1,200 kilometers (745 miles) across was needed to deposit enough of the elements. An impact of this size also could have wildly changed the crust of Mars, creating its distinctive hemispheres.
In fact, Mojzsis said, the crust of the northern hemisphere appears to be somewhat younger than the ancient southern highlands, which would agree with their findings.
“The surprising part is how well it fit into our understanding of the dynamics of planet formation,” said Mojzsis, referring to the theoretical impact. “Such a large impact event elegantly fits in to what we understand from that formative time.”
Such an impact would also be expected to have generated a ring of material around Mars that later coalesced into Phobos and Deimos; this explains in part why those moons are made of a mix of native and non-Martian material.
In the future, Mojzsis will use CU Boulder's collection of Martian meteorites to further understand Mars' mineralogy and what it can tell us about a possible asteroid impact. Such an impact should have initially created patchy clumps of asteroid material and native Martian rock. Over time, the two material reservoirs became mixed. By looking at meteorites of different ages, Mojzsis can see if there's further evidence for this mixing pattern and, therefore, potentially provide further support for a primordial collision.
“Good theories make predictions,” said Mojzsis, referring to how the impact theory may predict how Mars' makeup. By studying meteorites from Mars and linking them with planet-formation models, he hopes to better our understanding of how massive, ancient asteroids radically changed the red planet in its earliest days.
The research was funded by the John Templeton Foundation's Foundation for Applied Molecular Evolution (FfAME) in support of the Collaborative for Research in Origins (CRiO) at CU Boulder. The opinions expressed in this publication are those of the researchers and do not neccesarily reflect the views of the John Templeton Foundation.
We all know long haul travel stinks, but when we finally step off the plane and inhale those heady aromas of our destination, it somehow stinks a little less.
Fragrances, apparently, help create some of the best memories we take home from our vacations.
With this in mind, the UK's Heathrow Airport has installed a "Scent Globe" to try to cheer up departing passengers with a squirt of the exotic smells awaiting them at their destinations.
The globe, positioned in the newly opened Terminal 2, offers whiffs representing five nations -- Brazil, China, Japan, South Africa and Thailand.
"These specially created scents will give passengers traveling through Terminal 2 an exclusive preview of destinations that only Heathrow connects to [from the UK]," says Normand Boivin, the airport's chief operating officer.
So what do these countries smell like?
Design in Scent, the team behind Heathrow's globe rely on complex odor infusions to bring them to life in a nasal-compatible form.
'Mystical temple incense'
Heathrow's Scent Globe: "I love the smell of Nepal in the morning." Courtesy of Heathrow Airport
South Africa's fragrance "captures the adventure of safari with notes of tribal incense, wild grass and musky animalics through the scent of Hyraceum."
Brazil "embraces the scents of its rich rainforest fauna with a palette of coffee, tobacco and jasmine."
Japan "is brought to life through cool, oceanic tones with a mix of seaweed and shell extracts, green tea and Ambergris, capturing the essence of small coastal villages so synonymous with the great Pacific Island."
China's features "mystical temple incense and subtle Osmanthus Fragrans flower" while Thailand's uses "an appetizing mix of lemongrass, ginger and coconut."
Leaving aside the fact that the true scent of intercontinental travel is actually a warm blend of stranger's armpit infused with essence of brutally stewed airline food, pairing countries with odors is an entertaining idea.
Above are a few we came up with.
Social Impact Coins
Or Ideas On How To Financially Incentivise Social Change
Teemu Paivinen Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 28, 2017
Attempting to financially incentivise social change isn't an especially new idea. Logically it makes a lot of sense. Harness the forces of capitalism to work toward a positive outcome for humanity in sectors where traditional business models may not exist. It is the argument used to support tax benefits in return for philanthropy and the philosophy behind innovations like the Social Impact Bond.
Social Impact Bonds
The predecessor to the Social Impact Bond was invented as early as 1988 by Ronnie Horesh, an economist from New Zealand. The concept, also known as Pay For Success Financing, is a contract with the public sector to pay for socially beneficial outcomes that result in savings for the public sector. The idea has had some success with 60 bonds launching in 15 countries and raising more than $200M in investment toward social causes. Here's a report from Social Finance on the state of the market from 2016 if you're interested in diving deeper.
The concept does have it's problems. A big issue is measurement. Social impact bonds are tied to cost savings in the public sector, because it was felt that they would function as a proxy for positive social change and they do. However, it's very hard to decide which expenditure to use as a proxy. Not only can there be a variety of reasons why the proxy expenditure changes not every social issue necessarily has a direct public sector cost equivalent.
There is also no unified database for all public sector expenditures globally and so it is very hard to measure anything on a global scale. However, it does seem feasible that such a database could be created, at least in countries with relatively modern systems for tracking this sort of thing. Finally, the most glaring issue is that Social Impact Bonds don't actually incentivise large groups of people to work on the respective problems. These bonds are mainly aimed at NGOs and other organisations instead of harnessing collective action.
Objectives For Improvement
In thinking about ways to improve on the concept of a social impact bond, I started by outlining the objectives of a new instrument or system.
Primary Objectives
Create a strong financial incentive for large groups of people to work together towards a positive social outcome. Allow almost anyone to participate. Achieve powerful network effects for participation. Provide utility with current measurement ability and accuracy. Create a mechanism to maintain reached levels of improvement.
Technological Implementation
Working from the defined objectives I quickly gravitated towards using blockchain technology. Cryptocurrencies seem uniquely capable of financially incentivising large groups of people for collective action as evidenced by the phenomenal community engagement in the various blockchain-related open source projects. Cryptocurrencies also have incredible network effects as every participant is financially incentivised to help the network grow. However, it would be difficult or impossible to harness these features by using an existing currency like Bitcoin.
Thus the best way to achieve the listed objectives seems to be a new token, likely built on top of Ethereum using their ERC20 token standard.
Social Impact Coins
Disclaimer: This is just a concept. I am aware of at least a few issues, which I'll detail at the end. There are probably many more I haven't thought of and it's entirely possible this whole thing wouldn't work at all.
Social Impact Coins are tokens that utilise the proposed mechanics and economics to financially incentivise large-scale collective action for positive social outcomes. In essence they allow for fund allocation to be directed towards an issue itself, rather than an organisation, while being much more inclusive than Social Impact Bonds. The concept is comprised of a native token as well as a novel smart contract, which is connected to a source for measurement, all of which will be described below.
The concept could be implemented for a wide variety of social issues where adequately accurate and frequent measurement exists. The concept is also relatively agnostic to the geographical scale at which it is implemented, theoretically allowing it to work as well for a small town as it would for a large country.
Prerequisites
In order for Social Impact Coins to work there needs to be a reliable source for measurement. Social Impact Bonds use public sector cost savings as a proxy for improvement in social issues. This seems like a reasonable way to conduct measurement as long as an accurate proxy expenditure for each issue is found. Due to differences in public sector systems and reliability of certain governments, this does limit the amount of applications. For these same reasons, global issues may also be hard to tackle. On the bright side, there is no reason why we couldn't solve these issues in the future, so it's possible we may be able to overcome most or even all these limitations given enough time.
Mechanics & Economics
Resourceful organisations want to do something about social issue X. They release a token “Y” for a fixed low price or for free. They also deploy a smart contract called The Motivator. These organisations decide how much money they want to spend in improving social issue X and that amount is sent to The Motivator in some large cap currency. Any other external parties could also contribute to the smart contract. The organisations also agree on a measurement source and the most appropriate proxy for the issue to be measured. They find a trusted organisation, which actively measures X and an API feed of this measurement is plugged into The Motivator.
The Motivator then does two things. It buys tokens Y when issue X is improving and it sells tokens when issue X is getting worse. So when measurable improvement is happening around the social issue X, The Motivator hoards tokens Y, causing the price of the token to increase. When there is no progress, but no decline, The Motivator does nothing and thus the price is not affected, leaving only expectations of future performance to affect the price. When progress is measurably in decline The Motivator will sell tokens, causing the price to decline.
Social Impact Coin System Diagram
To provide a market participants perspective: If I want to do something about this social issue, I can purchase X tokens, do my best to help with the issue and if measurable change indeed occurs due to the efforts of myself and others, my tokens will appreciate in price. While the prices may fluctuate in the short term, they should reflect real progress made when viewed on a longer timescale.
This simple mechanic can be used to incentivise extremely large groups of people, but should function in a similar fashion for smaller groups of people as well. It also creates a situation where there is downside risk for not maintaining the level of progress previously achieved. If participants don't produce change and metrics fall back into decline, new financial incentive is immediately created to reach the desired level once more. Theoretically, then, with this method we should be able to establish a monetary amount to fix and maintain any problem. Whether we have the funds or conviction to do so, is another question.
Further Brainstorming
I also like the idea that systems such as this could be simultaneously used as a mechanism for raising people from poverty or to just improve their financial flexibility. If every person in a city or town were given a free token which utilised the Social Impact Coin system to incentivise participants to, for example, eradicate hunger, could the town itself meaningfully improve on this metric? If they could, the value of the tokens would increase evenly distributing the monetary value created.
Potential Problems
The Conjuring 2 gets pulled from French cinemas after reports of violence amongst audience members
The Conjuring 2 is being pulled from a number of cinemas in France following reports of 'loud yelling', 'hysterical laughter' and even violent altercations between audience members.
The film, which stars Patrick Wilson and Vera Farmiga as a husband and wife team of paranormal investigators, was axed by some Paris cinemas on its release day. According to French newspaper Le Parisien, the reason for it being pulled from the Cyrano de Versailles cinema was cited as “ensure the safety of staff and customers”.
A full scale brawl was reported at the MK2 Bastille cinema after one group annoyed other audience members by “screaming at the slightest movement” on screen.
Le Parisien are reporting that the majority of the 262 French cinemas that had intended to show the film have now removed it from their programmes.
This isn't a first for the Conjuring franchise. Similar events occurred during the release of Annabelle, which was a spin-off of the first Conjuring movie. French multiplex owners removed the film from it's schedules on that occasion as well for 'security reasons'.
Via The Guardian
Human Characteristics Alignment Any
Humans are a race available for player characters in the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy roleplaying game. Although short-lived by comparison, humans are the most populous of all Dungeons & Dragons races. They are renowned for their diversity and ambition, and although they lack specializations like other races, they can excel in many areas. Subspecies of humans include the planetouched aasimar, genasi, and tieflings, as well as Vashar, the human equivalent of drow.
Publication history [ edit ]
Humans first appeared as a player character race in the original 1974 Dungeons & Dragons boxed set.[1]
Benefits and penalties [ edit ]
In first and second edition AD&D, humans were the baseline race (with most playable non-human races being called 'demihumans') and as such lacked special abilities. On the other hand, they had no penalties, were exempt from level caps for most classes, and were the only race to be able to dual class. They were also the only race able to become a member of certain classes such as the Paladin.
In 3rd edition D&D, a human can take any class as its favored class. Furthermore, humans get feat and skill bonuses.
While not usually having as direct an effect on a character, it has been widely shown that humans are the most capable of interbreeding with other races. With most "half" races (half-orcs, half-elves, half-ogres, and even half-giants), the "half" almost always refers to a human half. Thus, this could be seen as a "benefit" should a player wish to have their character reproduce.
In 4th edition D&D humans gain a bonus to any one stat of their choice, and gain a bonus feat and bonus trained skill, mirroring their third edition bonus. They also have a choice of a bonus At Will attack or the power Heroic Effort which allows them once per encounter to add +4 to a d20 roll that they've just made.
Campaign settings [ edit ]
Dragonlance [ edit ]
In the Dragonlance campaign setting, humans are the most common civilized species on Krynn. They were created by Gilean, a neutral god. He gave them short lifespans to be neutral, and so in this short life they are likely to be of many and varied alignments, unlike elves or ogres. Most countries are populated by humans, with few exceptions, chiefly Qualinesti, Silvanesti, and Mithas.
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
The jailed co-head of Turkey's pro-Kurdish party ended his hunger strike late Friday, less than 24 hours after it started.
People's Democratic Party (HDP) chief Selahattin Demirtas (pictured above) had called the hunger strike to protest what he called "unlawful" and "inhumane" practices prisoners were subject to, including "extensive torture," solitary confinement, unannounced cell searches and the confiscation of personal property.
Demirtas and fellow HDP lawmaker Abdullah Zeydan had sought to show solidarity with more than 100 prisoners in Turkish prisons, who had been on hunger strikes for up to 40 days.
The pair ended the hunger strike when prison officials agreed to open a dialogue on prison conditions.
Turkish police cracked down on Kurdish opposition following a breakdown in a ceasefire with the PKK
Facing 142 years imprisonment
Demirtas and 12 others HDP members were arrested in November on terrorism-related accusations and were still awaiting trial. Authorities accused their party of having links to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). Prosecutors in Turkey were reportedly seeking a prison sentence of up to 142 years for Demirtas.
Demirtas' co-leader, Figen Yuksekdag, faced up to 83 years behind bars, according to an indictment seen by Reuters news agency in February.
HDP is the second-largest opposition party in Turkey and had campaigned against a referendum on constitutional changes that would bolster President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's powers.
Kurdish inmates in Edirne, Izmir, Ankara and Van, also ended hunger strikes on Friday after the opening of a dialogue with the prison authorities and "promises" to improve the prisoners' conditions, according to a statement issued by the HDP on behalf of the "political prisoners."
Demirtas, in a separate statement, welcomed that the hunger strikes could be ended, thanks to "mutual undertakings and good intentions."
More than 2,700 members of the HDP and its sister organizations were detained or arrested since 2015, when a ceasefire and peace process broke down between the state and the PKK, reigniting violence.
aw/sms (AFP, dpa, AP)
The Freedom From Religion Foundation is pleased at the role it has played in a recent victory for the U.S. Constitution.
FFRF and two of its members in March had sued the sheriff of Brewster County, Texas, over his decision to affix Latin cross decals on county patrol vehicles. In a legal settlement this week, the county has officially consented to remove religious decals and not to display them in the future. It has also agreed to reimburse fees for the attorneys representing the two local FFRF plaintiffs Kevin Price and Jesse Castillo and to pay nominal damages to both of them. (FFRF was represented by its Staff Attorneys Sam Grover and Patrick Elliott and by Texas litigator Randall Kallinen.)
Much to FFRF's delight, Brewster County commissioners almost immediately after its lawsuit voted to ban "political, religious, commercial or personal" phrases or signs on county-owned property. The settlement will formalize that decision in the legal system.
The suit was precipitated by Brewster County Sheriff Ronny Dodson's announcement last December that he "wanted God's protection over his deputies" in deciding to place the prominent crosses on at least five county law enforcement vehicles. It was filed in U.S. District Court, Western District of Texas, Alpine Division, on March 2. Local plaintiffs Price and Castillo, both atheists and members of FFRF, the nation's largest freethought organization, came into regular and unwelcome contact with the Christian displays numerous times while out driving in the county.
FFRF Co-President Annie Laurie Gaylor appreciates Brewster County's prohibition of religious paraphernalia on community property. But she says she was shocked that Texas Gov. Greg Abbott had "blessed" the sheriff's action.
"We're very pleased with the rapid and amicable resolution of this case," she says. "But the sheriff—who took an oath to uphold our nation's secular Constitution—ought to have known better. Crosses on law enforcement vehicles sent a theocratic and chilling message."
(FFRF is also suing the Texas governor for downing its secular display at the state Capitol last December.)
Brewster County is located in the western part of the state, with a population of less than 10,000. Its county seat and only city is Alpine. According to the Texas Observer, the county is the largest in the state—"five times the size of Rhode Island, three times the size of Delaware and 500 square miles larger than Connecticut."
The Freedom From Religion Foundation, with its 23,800 members (including almost 1,000 in Texas), is thrilled at bringing about a constitutional win in this unique portion of the country.
Posted Thursday, July 20, 2017 2:00 pm
New Mexico hunters are reminded that in the event they can't use their hunting license this season, it can be donated for a youth to use.
The State Game Commission has authorized two nonprofit organizations, the New Mexico Sportsmen for Fish and Wildlife of Farmington and The Donald R. Kemp Youth Hunting Club in Las Cruces, to receive donated hunting licenses and provide them to qualified youths to use.
Requests to donate hunting licenses must be made in writing to the department before the start of the hunt. The department recommends submitting the request well in advance to give the organizations time to find an eligible recipient.
When a recipient is located, the department will transfer the existing license to them. Hunters should be aware that for mandatory harvest reporting species, the license holder is responsible for filing a harvest report until the transfer is completed or if no recipient is found.
Last year, 23 youths age 17 and younger got to go hunting with donated licenses. Hunters should contact the department at (888) 248-6866 or ispa@state.nm.us to make arrangements to donate a hunting license or for more information about the program.
No refunds are offered for donated licenses. See the 2017-18 "Hunting Rules and Information Booklet," wildlife.state.nm.us, for exceptions that qualify for a refund or transfer of a hunting license.
Thanks to Bonnie Erbé for this press release and the offer of a free DVD. It may take two months for delivery of the DVD after you email to Bonnie, but it will be worth the wait.
————————–
To the Contrary
Telephone Contact: 202-973-2066
FREE PUBLIC EDUCATION DVD ON POPULATION & THE ENVIRONMENTAL MOVEMENT
Free DVD Copies of PBS' To The Contrary with Bonnie Erbé's Three part series on how and why the US Environmental Movement dropped US population from its agenda. Series won the Population Institute's “Best TV Show” Media Award. DVDs made available to you through the generous support of the Colcom Foundation
(Washington, D.C.) — The PBS program, To The Contrary with Bonnie Erbé, is pleased to offer, free of charge, DVD copies of its award-winning, documentary-style coverage of how the environmental movement dropped population from its agenda and how population growth is affecting the US environment. Watching this series is a great way to learn why this incredibly important environmental issue is no longer covered by mainstream US media, or discussed as an environmental issue by federal officials.
The To The Contrary: Population & the Environment series provides accurate, fact-based, historical coverage of how the environmental movement morphed from its original stance on population stabilization to its current state today, when U.S. population is no longer an issue taken seriously or addressed in any fashion by the U.S. environmental movement. Our goal is to educate people who understand the importance of US population growth and its singular impact on the world environment, about these changes. The series includes interviews with former Colorado Gov. Richard Lamm, former Rep. Pat Schroeder, Feminist Majority President Eleanor Smeal (a former member of ZPG's board), a spokeswoman from the US Council of Catholic Bishops, Leon Kolankiewicz of the Center for Immigration Studies, Mary Lou Tanton of Michigan Planned Parenthood and others. It tells the story of how in the 1970s, population and environment were widely linked in the popular culture and by the environmental movement. But due to changes brought on by political correctness, women's rights and other major cultural influences, the environmental movement dropped population stabilization from its agenda. In the intervening years, US population has risen from under 200 million to 310 million persons and is projected to reach 450 million by mid-century.
We are happy to consider requests for multiple copies of the DVD. All we ask is that you e-mail requests to: tothecontrary@hotmail.com and tell us who you are and who else will see the DVD. Please feel free to play it in public fora such as community centers, environmental group meetings, church meetings and so on.
To The Contrary with Bonnie Erbé is in its eighteenth season on PBS and can be seen on 265 PBS stations nationwide. For more information, visit the To The Contrary website at www.pbs.org/ttc
Getty Images
Former Pro Bowl guard Jahri Evans was out of sight and largely out of mind since being released by the Saints. His August arrival in Seattle has provided another jolt of confidence and optimism for a team that has managed to accomplish plenty in recent years without top-level offensive-line talent.
In Evans, they may have gotten a steal. Evans thinks they did.
“I feel great, I still feel like I'm a top guard in this league if not the best,” Evans told reporters. “I'm just going out there to work hard and just show it on the field really. The eye in the sky doesn't lie. I've been asked to do a lot of things in New Orleans that I probably won't be asked to do here, that's a little bit different but I'm just looking to go out there and work hard.”
Evans attributed a perceived dip in his performance last year to an injury suffered in September.
“I played pretty good, I took a hit the second week of the season, it altered my season a little bit,” Evans said. “But I bounced back, I was able to come back and get back out there with the guys. I just got dinged up a few times, it was just unfortunate but I think I played well.”
Evans nevertheless admitted he was “a little bit” surprised by the lack of interest, which manifested itself in only “a few visits” and “a few phone calls.” Still Evans wanted a good fit, and he thinks he found it in Seattle — even if he'll be moving from right guard to left guard.
“It's a little weird, but at the end of the day it's football,” Evans said. “It's contact every play so I just have to settle my feet down and keep working at it.”
If it works out for the Seahawks, the offense could be even better in 2016.
Police are still looking for the man who shot and killed a United States Postal Service worker just before her shift ended Monday night, Channel 2 Action News reported.
The shooting occurred outside the post office at the intersection of Wesley Chapel and Snapfinger roads in DeKalb County, according to the news station.
Authorities have not identified the woman, who had just started working at the location about a month ago.
Witnesses told Channel 2 they heard four rounds coming from the loading dock of the post office around the time the woman was shot in the head.
A witness also said he saw the shooter sitting at a Coin Laundry just before the shooting.
Police hope cameras from that laundromat can help them identify the shooter.
Live@6am Inspectors hope cameras from a laundry mat can identify the man who murdered a Postal worker. #wsbtv pic.twitter.com/ZqxkccZ8mF — Darryn Moore (@DarrynMooreWSB) November 28, 2017
CRIME & PUBLIC SAFETY: Want more stories like this one? Go to www.myajc.com/crime/
Postal inspectors are investigating the shooting and working to gather details, USPS spokesman Rick Badie told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
No other details have been released.
Know what's really going on with crime and public safety in your metro Atlanta community, including breaking news, trial coverage, trends and the latest on unsolved cases. Sign up for the AJC's crime and safety newsletter delivered weekly to your inbox.
— Staff writer Lauren Foreman contributed to this article.
﻿In other news:
A Tennessee college student tweeted something that touched Twitter's collective heart. Bailey Sellers, 21, has received flowers every year her father ordered before his death. Her 21st birthday flowers are the last ones. "Miss you so much daddy," she tweeted.
[Summary]
Is it time to start contemplating an NDP federal government? Polls show Thomas Mulcair atop the leaderboard, thanks to a rapidly disappearing Liberal vote. Should Mulcair win a majority, he will obviously take government. But another scenario is emerging, one that can borrow heavily from Stephen Harper's own playbook.
Four factors have brought us to this point. Each is likely to sustain itself to election day, suggesting that the NDP's rise has staying power.
First, the NDP has benefitted from Mulcair's appearance of experience and seriousness.
Second, the NDP has benefitted from the substantial policy space vacated by the Liberals. For the latter, there is always a difficult balance to be struck in opposing the government while maintaining a centrist position. The result is support for policies in whole or part – Bill C-51, pipeline expansion, and cash transfers to parents – which leave substantial room on the left.
Third, the Conservatives are invested in a strategy of both creating that space and of priming voters on the importance of experience. So, Mulcair is not alone in trying to maintain the political conditions for his own success.
Finally, voters' preferences are closely linked to their expectations about parties' chances, as well as others' preferences. The NDP win in Alberta and the resurgence of the party in Atlantic Canada and Quebec can increase support for the party elsewhere.
To be sure, the odds of an NDP majority are still slim, not least because the Conservative vote is so much more efficient (which is just to say they get more seats for each percentage point of votes they win). But this is not the only scenario under which Mulcair can take power.
Assume for a moment that Mulcair finishes first in the seat count, but does not obtain a majority. In this case, he can make a popular appeal that he ought to be given the chance to govern. While the Conservatives can formally resist this and attempt a Throne speech, Stephen Harper will likely prefer to head for the exits. Here, Mulcair's path to power is clear.
But what if he finishes second but not far behind Harper, and the Liberals finish in a more distant third? (This is, right now, a highly likely scenario, with good forecasting models suggesting a three party seat count in the neighbourhood of 130 Conservative, 115 NDP, 90 Liberal, and three to other parties).
For Harper to hold government in this scenario, he would likely appeal to the distaste of some Canadians for coalitions; he would emphasize the times his opponents have forsworn coalitions; and he would appeal to the popular misunderstanding that the party with the most seats is always the party that governs. Provided he can count on opposition confusion or public opposition to a coalition long enough to pass a Throne Speech, he would have clear sailing for at least a year.
For Mulcair to take power, then, he would need to act quickly and decisively. As a first move, he should indicate that he has no preference or intention for a coalition. However democratically legitimate coalition governments may be, the public does not need to like them, and politicians have every right to appeal to that aversion. In the next breath, he should indicate that he is ready to govern, and seek support from the other parties to pursue three or four policy objectives. For example, he could move to abolish the Senate, appealing to Conservatives done with trying to reform that other house. To the Liberals (and as importantly, Liberal voters), he would identify two or three policy initiatives he would immediately pursue, such as an inquiry into murdered and missing aboriginal women, carbon pricing legislation, and the expansion of state day care.
By appealing to parties on a case-by-case basis, while also making it clear that he is showcasing the kind of popular policies he would introduce if in a majority, Mulcair would borrow right from Harper's playbook.
Wholesale rejection of such an offer by the Liberal party would allow Mulcair to remind voters at every turn that the only thing standing between them and a progressive government is the Liberal party. This is a message simple enough to be remembered into the next election.
Peter Loewen is an assistant professor in the Department of Political Science at the University of Toronto, Mississauga. Twitter.com/peejloewen.
My requests were simple, only fat sugar because I'm allergic to artificial sugar. When I saw that my parcel was coming from Austria, my heart swelled and bounced with excitement. I'm very partial to the sweet, nutty excitement of Central European chocolate. So light and fluffy. There was some drama in actually getting my hands on the package. It arrived at the start of March but the postman secretly delivered it to the postal depot and didn't tell me! :O But it was well worth the extended wait.
I got so many of my favorite snacks that I don't know what to say.
Goldbears. Srsly. I love these. You can't get the big bags of them over here any more so the sight of a giant bag of them?
Airline food has a deservedly bad reputation, though as meals are decreasingly available, some travelers may be pining for the old lump of mystery meat in bland sauce. Passengers on Delta flights out of Amsterdam are to be forgiven for wishing that Delta had eliminated meal service prior to their flights. Two passengers, on two different flights, who bit into their turkey sandwiches were met with a sharp retort- a sewing needle embedded in the sandwich. Upon learning of these two incidents, Delta prudently stopped serving the sandwiches on all flights leaving Amsterdam. Further inspection found an additional two needles.
The FBI is investing how the sandwiches, made by Gate Gourmet, came to include this decidedly unconventional ingredient. The TSA, which never turns down the opportunity to appear useful and busy announced that it will “closely monitor the review”
The Transportation Security Administration says it notified all U.S. airlines with flights from Schiphol to the United States of the findings. “TSA continues to closely monitor the review of the incidents as well as the security protocols being conducted by the air carrier and the airport authority,” spokesman David Castelveter said.
Delta is, understandably, taking the issue quite seriously
“Delta requires all its in-flight caterers to adhere to strict criteria in order to offer our customers the very best onboard meals,” Baur told CNN in a statement. “The safety and security of our passengers and crew is Delta's number one priority.”
Though other airlines use the services of the same caterer, no other reports of needles have been received.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Horrific video has shown screaming passengers hiding behind luggage at a Florida airport moments after a gunman went on a rampage killing five people.
The clip shows bewildered passengers in the baggage claim area at Fort Lauderdale Airport today.
Many of the people in the area can be heard crying as they try to absorb the shocking scenes that had unfolded while they had looked for their suitcases.
"The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera apparently in shock.
Many people are still on the floor in the clip, crouching behind luggage.
However, one person appeared to be shot and bleeding heavily as she lay on the ground.
Witnesses have described how "everyone" started running as the gunman opened fire at the popular airport.
At least nine people were struck during the terrifying incident, officials say.
(Image: Twitter/BirSoze)
The suspect has reportedly since been taking into custody. They are not thought to be the reported fatality, although this remains unconfirmed.
Former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer tweeted this afternoon: "I'm at the Ft. Lauderdale Airport. Shots have been fired. Everyone is running."
Mark Lea, a financial adviser from Minneapolis, was in the baggage claim when, he said, a man came in and started shooting.
“I was dodging bullets and trying to help people get out of the way,” the 53-year-old said.
“At first we thought it was firecrackers. Everyone started screaming and running. The shooter made his way down through baggage claim.
“He had what looked like a 9mm and emptied his entire clip. People were trying to run.”
Lea said police responded in less than a minute after the shooting began.
Once the gunman was out of bullets, “he was gunned down by police,” he added.
“It was absolutely surreal,” he said. “People were scared and frantically running to avoid being shot. People were tripping over each other. They were trying to make a fast exit out of the door.”
On this day in 1900, future President Herbert Hoover and his wife Lou are caught in the middle of the Boxer Rebellion in China.
After marrying in Monterey, California, on February 10, 1899, Herbert and Lou Hoover left on a honeymoon cruise to China, where Hoover was to start a new job as a mining consultant to the Chinese emperor with the consulting group Bewick, Moreing and Co. The couple had been married less than a year when Chinese nationalists rebelled against colonial control of their nation, besieging 800 westerners in the city of Tientsin. Hoover led an enclave of westerners in building barricades around their residential section of the city, while Lou volunteered in the hospital. Legend holds that, during the ensuing month-long siege, Hoover rescued some Chinese children caught in the crossfire of urban combat.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
After an international coalition of troops rescued the Hoovers and spirited them and other westerners out of China, Herbert Hoover was made a partner at Bewick, Moreing and Co. He and Lou split their time between residences in California and London and traveled the world between 1901 and 1909. They then returned to the U.S. and, after serving as secretary of commerce under Presidents Warren Harding and Calvin Coolidge from 1921 to 1924, Hoover headed the American Child Health Association and served as chairman of the Federal Street and Highway Safety Commission. During World War I, Lou chaired the American Women's War Relief Fund and worked on behalf of other war-related charitable organizations. Both Hoovers, inspired by their experience in China, were active in helping refugees and tourists stranded in hostile countries.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
In 1928, Hoover ran for president and won. Unfortunately, the couple's charitable reputation was soon tarnished by Hoover's ineffective leadership in staving off the Great Depression, and Lou's ostentatious White House social functions, which appeared heartless, frivolous and irresponsible at a time when many Americans could hardly make ends meet. As the Depression deepened, a growing number of shanty towns full of destitute unemployed workers sprang up in city centers; they became known as Hoovervilles.
The villages had been seized in recent weeks by the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces in their push to take the town of Manbij, which they have surrounded.
BEIRUT // ISIL launched a surprise assault near a besieged stronghold in northern Syria on Monday, killing residents of two villages it recaptured from US-backed fighters, a monitor said.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL dispatched a small group of fighters – including one driving an explosives-laden car – into villages south-east of their bastion of Manbij.
The villages had been seized in recent weeks by the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces in their push to take the town.
“ISIL is trying to defend Manbij by sending fighters from outside the town to attack the SDF in these villages,” said Rami Abdel Rahman, the director of the Britain-based Observatory.
“Daesh executed residents,” he added.
The US-led coalition backing the SDF carried out a barrage of air strikes to defend the villages, Mr Abdel Rahman said.
The clashes killed five SDF fighters and coalition air strikes left 42 extremists militants dead.
The SDF – a Kurdish-Arab alliance with air support from the coalition – encircled Manbij nearly 10 days ago.
Since then, they have been slowed by almost daily suicide bombings as ISIL puts up a fight for the town.
Held by the extremists since 2014, Manbij was a key stop along ISIL's supply route from the Turkish border south-east through the town of Tabqa and on to its de facto Syrian capital of Raqqa.
ISIL is also mounting a fierce defence of Tabqa, which has been under attack by Russian-backed regime forces since early June.
On Monday, a failed ISIL counterattack against regime fighters south-west of Tabqa killed at least 14 extremists and six government loyalists, the Observatory said.
“ISIL dispatched 300 fighters from Raqqa to Tabqa to help defend the town,” Mr Abdel Rahman said.
The militants launched a second counterattack in the afternoon, seizing many positions south-west of the town and pushing pro-regime fighters about 20 kilometres back from Tabqa airport.
ISIL has lost 21 fighters since it began its assault on the region on Sunday, while 32 government loyalists have also been killed, according to the Observatory.
* Agence France-Presse
The Strong National Museum of Play announced the newest inductees to their collection
The World Video Game Hall of Fame in Rochester, New York has announced Halo: Combat Evolved, Donkey Kong, Pokémon Red and Green, and Street Fighter II as their newest inductees.
The National Museum of Play, known as The Strong established the hall of fame in 2015 to recognise 'individual electronic games. Previous inductees include The Legend of Zelda, The Oregon Trail, Doom and Pac-Man.
343 Industries founder, Bonnie Ross, tweeted about the induction of Halo: Combat Evolved, saying "It is a testament to the hard work of Bungie, the legacy inherited by 343 Industries and the passion of Halo fans around the world."
The games, along with previous inductees are on display and are playable on the fourth floor of the musuem based at Rochester's Manhattan Square.
Jill Stein is thinking big picture about the future of the world.
Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein sat down with “Salon Talks” host Carrie Sheffield and “#WeThePeople Live” host Josh Zepps earlier this week to discuss her run for office and the 2016 presidential election.
Advertisement:
“In this election, we're not just deciding what kind of world we are going to have but whether we are going to have a world or not going forward,” Dr. Stein said.
Prior to Monday night's presidential debate showdown at Hofstra University, Stein had held a “people's debate” on campus to protest the stringent standards that prevent her from participating in the televised debates.
“The people's debate took place before the debate," Stein said. "And this was essentially a demonstration. It was a gathering with hundreds of supporters who came out to say, ‘This is not OK; this is not acceptable,' at a time when the establishment candidates are being rejected at unprecedented levels, the most disliked and untrusted candidates for president ever. And people are clamoring for other choices.”
Taking questions via Facebook Live with the largest "Salon Talks" audience to date — more than 60,000 viewers— Stein shared her stance on a range of issues, including whistleblowing and the environment.
"The Green 'New Deal' calls for an urgent transition, not only of fossil fuels, but also nuclear" power, she said. "It provides the subsidies to do this transition because our survival depends on it. So we would decommission these nuclear power plants and immediately stop any new creation," the presidential hopeful said.
Watch the full interview.
‘There's something happening here. What it is ain't exactly clear.'
—Buffalo Springfield song, “For What It's Worth,” 1967
Is a former Mob-connected hustler—a real estate developer who in 2010 worked on the same floor as Donald Trump as his “Senior Advisor”—threatening to spill some beans that could harm the President's reputation?
Sure looks that way, based on an intriguing Wall Street Journal story that exposed aspects of a bitter feud between two of Trump's former key business associates. The newspaper revealed that the Russia-born Felix Sater—a twice-convicted one-time Mafia associate—is demanding hush money from a former boss, Kazakhstan-born Tevfik Arif, whose Bayrock Group worked in a close partnership for nearly a decade with the Trump Organization.
Sater warned Arif, in writing, that news headlines will read: “The Kazakh Gangster and President Trump,” unless Arif forks over $3.5 million to reimburse Sater for legal expenses he claims he's owed, the Journal reported. Specifically, Sater is threatening to reveal negative information about Arif's “past relationship with President Trump and the Republic of Kazakhstan”—as well as Arif's alleged connections to “organized crime figures and his business activities in Kazakhstan,” which involve “dealings in the post-Soviet metals industry there.”
Spokespeople for Bayrock and Arif have called the allegations “unsubstantiated falsehoods.” The general counsel of Trump Organization didn't respond to calls and emails.
Why this story matters I discovered some missing bricks in the murky Bayrock-Trump edifice as reported by Forbes in October. As for Kazakhstan, sorting out the bewildering tangle (what Russians call a zaputannyj klubok) could take years. But why should anyone even care about it? Here are just a few reasons: It's a good bet that the Trump-Bayrock relationship will receive scrutiny in Washington. It certainly should be front and center in any serious investigation. Two months ago, Sater burst onto the front-pages when it was revealed that he and one of Trump's top lawyers delivered a Ukraine peace proposal to the White House. In late March, then-FBI director James Comey was asked about Sater's relationship with the FBI when he appeared before the House Intelligence Committee. (He declined to comment on it, likely because the twice-convicted Sater spent a decade as a secret government cooperator for both the FBI and at times, the CIA). Trump fired Comey on Tuesday, just as the Senate Intelligence Committee's probe into Russia's interference in the presidential election has been shifting into a higher gear. Apart from that probe, Republican Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Lindsey Graham said on Tuesday that he wants his committee to look into whether Trump has any business dealings in Russia. Near the start of a hearing that committee held on Monday, another Senator dropped the name “Sater.” Trump and Sater have been doing an odd dance around each other during the past few years, regarding how much they've interacted. In 2010, Sater was made a “Senior Advisor to Donald Trump” and given an office on Trump's floor in the Trump Tower, where he worked for roughly one year. Nevertheless, Trump consistently has testified in civil cases that he barely knew Sater, barely dealt with him and “wouldn't recognize him if he was sitting in this [deposition] room.” However, Sater, in another civil case said he would often pop his head into Trump's office to give him updates on a Moscow hotel deal he had in the works. (It doesn't appear that the project came to fruition.) Last September, I half-joked to Sater that he must have a photo album filled with pictures of himself with Trump. “A photo album?” he responded. “How about six!” While it seems unlikely that the Bayrock real estate enterprise will be Trump's Waterloo, it is, without a doubt, a subject that reporters need to continue chipping away at. In part, because all the key players—from Sater and Arif to Trump and his aides, to tycoons in and from Kazakhstan and Russia—refuse to shed any real sunlight on it. And, as the late Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis once famously said: “Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants.” —Richard Behar
Sater, however, may not even need the dough. I've discovered that he and a former Trump Organization colleague, Daniel Ridloff, received roughly $20 million—in a settlement of a case that is linked to an alleged multi-billion-dollar global money laundering scheme originating in Kazakhstan, and stretching to Russia and the U.S.
Specifically, both men were accused in a 2013 complaint filed by a Swiss financier of absconding with nearly $43 million from the sale of an Ohio shopping mall (Tri-County Mall near Cincinnati) to—American Pacific International Capital (APIC). That company is based in San Francisco. One of the directors is businessman Neil Bush—the son of former President George H.W. Bush and brother of former President George W. Bush.
In the shopping center complaint, the financier included an exhibit—a 2007 New York Times article that revealed numerous details about Sater's criminal past. The article said Sater had pled guilty and become a cooperating federal witness. Sater's cooperation agreement was unsealed by a federal judge in 2013, but many other documents in related cases are under court seal.
Five days after the Tri-County mall complaint was filed, the case was settled.
Neither Sater nor Ridloff, whose LinkedIn bio says he worked in “Acquisitions & Finance” in 2010 for the Trump Organization, will comment about the subject. In his own LinkedIn bio, Sater describes himself as a former “Senior Advisor to Board of Directors” of one of Neil Bush's oil companies (TxOil) that once drilled in Turkmenistan, an oil-rich part of the former Soviet Union.
Bush tells me he's never heard of Sater. Bush also says that the mall was purchased for $43 million by APIC at a public auction, and then transferred to a Singapore publicly-held real estate company that he chairs called SingHaiyi Group. “I helped the group [SingHaiyi] find the property through a friend,” he says. When told about the subsequent litigation against Sater and Ridloff, Bush says: “I don't remember anything like that. We bought it at a sheriff's auction. If the funds filtered through some undesignated [entity] or intermediary, I'm unaware of that.”
A second lawsuit filed in U.S. Federal Court (Southern District of New York) may shed additional light on Sater and Ridloff's Kazakhstan-related business activity. In this case, the BTA Bank (once one of Kazakhstan's largest banks) and the government of Almaty (the country's largest city) are accusing three Kazakh men—a former Almaty mayor, his son, and a former chairman of BTA Bank—of absconding with billions of dollars and laundering the money.
The defendants—Viktor and Ilyas Khrapunov, and Mukhtar Ablyazov, respectively—deny the allegations and claim the charges are politically motivated.
That's not the view of Matthew L. Schwartz, a former federal prosecutor, now in private practice at the prestigious law firm of Boies Schiller Flexner, who represents the city of Almaty and the bank. “The international financial fraud perpetrated by Ablyazov, Viktor and Ilyas Khrapunov, and their associates is as large and far-flung as they come,” Schwartz says. “It involves billions of dollars and has touched at least two dozen different countries—from Kazakhstan, Russia, and Ukraine to the United States, England, and France—and just about everyplace else.”
Schwartz adds: “We'll follow the money stolen by these fugitives wherever they may try to hide it.” (A Switzerland-based spokesperson for the family welcomed questions, but declined to respond to any.)
Needless to say, the saga—a saga within a saga—is very complicated. A declaration in the Khrapunov case is by Nicolas Bourg, who happens to be the same Swiss financier who accused Sater and Ridloff of stealing the $43 million from the Ohio mall deal. In the declaration, he says that he was president of a real estate fund (named Swiss Development Group, or SDG) that was controlled by the Khrapunov family “and used to conceal the movement and investment of his family's money.”
Time out. Where does Trump fit into all this? In October, the Financial Times revealed that three Trump Soho condos in Manhattan were bought in 2013 with $3.1 million that came from the alleged Khrapunov laundering caper. Trump Soho was 18% owned by Trump at the time. There is no evidence that Trump was involved or knowledgeable about the Khrapunovs. But he seems to have benefitted.
In addition, bank statements submitted by City of Almaty lawyers indicate that the ultimate beneficiary of the companies that bought the condos was Elvira Kudryashova—the California-based daughter of Viktor Khrapunov. The FT reported that correspondence and company documents seen by the newspaper showed that Sater and Ridloff worked closely with Kudryashova in 2012.
“They agreed to serve as directors of a company through which she would pour $3 million into a business venture as part of her efforts to secure a U.S. investor visa,” wrote the newspaper.
Sater and Ridloff, my reporting shows, ran the U.S. arm of the Khrapunov's SDG entity at the time. Another connection is in the Linked-In bio of Ridloff's, where he refers to himself as the former vice president of SDG-Investment Fund.
Bourg, the Swiss financier alleging fraud in the Ohio mall sale, maintains in his declaration that a shell entity he created in Luxembourg—Triadou—was an investment vehicle wholly-owned and controlled by SDG. Bourg states that Triadou was also the entity used to buy the Ohio shopping mall.
An exhibit with the declaration from Swiss financier Bourg includes emails to Felix Sater and others in 2014 with “swift code” details for an account at a now-defunct rogue bank that was headquartered in Tanzania. Swift codes are used for international money transfers. In 2015, the bank, FBME, formerly Federal Bank of the Middle East, was banned from operating in the U.S. due to money laundering and terror financing allegations. The email to Sater cites an entity called Telford International, which was allegedly used to move the money to FBME.
And—closing the circle—Telford was used to fund Triadou, the entity that bought and sold the Ohio mall, according to Bourg.
DCReport.org has obtained an audio recording in which three of Bayrock's top four executives can be heard discussing coal and oil projects involving Bayrock and Sater, in which the name “Khrapunov” and “his son” are mentioned. The recording was made in Bayrock's offices in the Trump Tower in 2008. In all likelihood, the references are to Viktor Khrapunov and his son Ilyas.
The recording was made just three months before Viktor reportedly fled Kazakhstan as a fugitive. Ilyas is also accused by Kazakh authorities of money laundering and is a fugitive. Excerpts from the audio are here, and emails penned by Sater in 2007 from Kazakhstan also talk about a coal deal he had just closed—three days after arriving in Kazakhstan without a visa. Whether the emails are referring specifically to a Khrapunov deal is unknown.
The Russian-born Sater spent a year in prison in 1993 after pleading guilty to assaulting a man with a broken glass during an argument with in a bar. (The victim required more than 100 facial stitches.) Next, he pled guilty in 1998 to racketeering. Specifically, he helped run a huge pump-and-dump stock fraud with members and associates from four of New York's five Italian mafia families—including the brother-in-law of Salvatore “Sammy the Bull” Gravano, the Mafia hitman turned Gotti-informer.
In a press release two years later that cited Sater, New York's then-police commissioner dubbed the case “Goodfellas meets Boiler Room”—a reference to both the classic film and to cold-calling operations where salespeople often peddle fraudulent securities. This time around, Sater avoided prison by becoming a government cooperator for more than a decade, ratting out mobsters.
Behar is the contributing editor of investigations for Forbes Magazine. Susan Radlauer provided research assistance.
In the Hall of Fame of Bad Ideas, right next to socialism, Ewoks, Zima, and putting anything in coffee other than coffee, I humbly wish to nominate the idea of Giving Democrat First Ladies Something To Do. To affirm this nomination, to add to the growing pile of evidence proving just what a bad idea this is, I offer the following into evidence ... The "guru" behind former-First Lady Michelle Obama's much-hated and widely-derided school lunch program has just been arrested for ... defrauding the school lunch program.
The Los Angeles Times:
The initiatives won the district numerous awards, drew praise from then-First Lady Michelle Obama as she led a national push to combat childhood obesity, and earned Binkle appearances on Tedx Talks. But as he was revolutionizing meals for the district's students, prosecutors allege, Binkle illegally funneled roughly $65,000 of the district's money into a private consulting firm he ran, then placed some of that money into his own pocket. The 55-year-old appeared in court on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty to 15 felony counts including embezzlement and misappropriation of public funds. He posted $220,000 bail and is scheduled to return to court in October.
Now, as you can see above, the leftwing Los Angeles Times is desperately playing down the connection between Michelle Obama and Binkle, making it sound as though the former-First Lady only ever praised the alleged felon. The truth, according to Independent Journal Review, is that Binkle did advise the First Lady, and they have the photos to prove it.
Setting aside all of this alleged criminal behavior, the very idea that anyone, much less an unelected First Lady , should in any way involve the federal government in what schoolchildren eat for lunch is in and of itself a horrible idea. How is this the government's business? And we all remember the photographic results of this fascist policy, the "healthy" school lunches that look like something served at a Cuban prison camp.
Is Michelle Obama's bad idea as Hall of Fame-worthy as First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy bringing to life the monster known as the National Endowment for the Arts, or *shudder* Hillary's HillaryCare?
We'll let history sort that out. But I think we can all agree that for the good of the children, Democrat First Ladies need to be kept as far away as possible from anything resembling public policy. Just Say No!
This week, I want to talk about how to use Go to write a client/server system with both synchronous requests and asynchronous event notifications.
To help learn Go, I wrote a clone of the Conserver console server. Now, of course, the world didn't need another console server, but it turned out to be an interesting experiment, because what a console server does is well suited to the tools Go gives a programmer. A console server's job is to gather the output from one or more serial cables (or, when there's a terminal server in the mix, one or more TCP connections implementing the Rtelnet “protocol”). It logs that output to files, and makes the output available in realtime to zero or more watchers. It allows one and only one of the watchers to be read-write, to actually control the device.
The Go version of the console server is called gocons. Go have a look at it, and then come back here. As usual, I want to point out some things I learned about Go while writing it.
My first attempt at making this thing work was with netchan. I thought it would be cool if the client could send in a request to the server asking to be notified on a certain channel when events happened on a certain console. But that crashed and burned because netchan can't send channels. I think it would be theoretically possible to put the right stuff together to make it possible for netchan to send channels, but it would obviously be really hard, and the semantics of the channels would never really be the same. So, moving right along…
The next idea was to use the rpc package to implement the protocol between the client and the server. But that ran up onto another problem; RPC, by its very definition is synchronous. There is no clear way to use the RPC package to let the server send down asynchronous events to the client, like “these bytes arrived”. What I needed was to write my own wire protocol, one that could do both synchronous calls like “Can I listen to this? Yes.” and also asynchronous events like, “the console you are watching just output these bytes”. I've written protocols before, and it's not hard, just a bit finicky. But Go provides the gob package, and that's all you need to make a protocol.
So what you do is define types that represent the protocol messages and then let gob take responsibility for marshalling and unmarshalling, as well as figuring out the message delimiters. In our case, the types are called connReq and connReply. In a perfect world, these would be public types in some library, and the client and the server would both use them. In gocons, I got lazy and just copied and pasted them. The client does a gob.Decode on the net.TCPConn, and the result has to be a connReq (if it isn't, something went wrong, and the client could either kill the connection, or try to decode the next thing on the connection). Because Go doesn't have unions (they aren't type safe) the connReq and connReply have to have all the fields in them that could be needed, even if a given protocol message doesn't use them all. I haven't calculated the protocol overhead of this, but because the potentially unused fields are things like byte slices and strings, it can't be much; and empty byte slice will be encoded as a nil, not as a bunch of zeros for the whole underlying byte buffer.
A more sophisticated version of this idea might be to make a heirarchy of types, the base one being the simplest (with only an int in it to indicate the type) and the more complicated ones embedding the base one. But it's hard to know what type you'd give to gob.Decode to write into; it seems like you'd have to separate out the two halves of the protocol message and send them with two calls to go.Encode. The first would be the int telling what kind it is, then the second gob would be precisely the right “shape” for the data. In any case, I didn't do it that way for gocons. Simpler is better!
In the server, there are two pieces of code that are kind of interesting. One is the use of JSON for the config file format. The other is how incoming data it sent out to all the listeners.
First the simple one. It's just an example of how to grab data out of a JSON file without using json.Unmarshall. I didn't understand it, so while playing with json.Decode, I managed to get this working, and just left it at that. I don't claim this is nice or pretty, but it works, and it might be useful to other people looking for examples on how to read JSON in Go.
The expected input is something like this:
{ "consoles": { "firewall": "ts.company.com:2070", "web01": "ts.company.com:2071", "web02": "ts.company.com:2072", "web03": "ts.company.com:2073" } }
The goal is to call addConsole once for each of the key/value pairs in the consoles hash.
Here's how, if you don't want to (or know how to) use json.Unmarshal:
r, err := os.Open(*config, os.O_RDONLY, 0) if err != nil { log.Exitf("Cannot read config file %v: %v", *config, err) } dec := json.NewDecoder(r) var conf interface{} err = dec.Decode(&conf) if err != nil { log.Exit("JSON decode: ", err) } hash, ok := conf.(map[string]interface{}) if !ok { log.Exit("JSON format error: got %T", conf) } consoles, ok := hash["consoles"] if !ok { log.Exit("JSON format error: key consoles not found") } c2, ok := consoles.(map[string]interface{}) if !ok { log.Exitf("JSON format error: consoles key wrong type, %T", consoles) } for k, v := range c2 { s, ok := v.(string) if ok { addConsole(k, s) } else { log.Exit("Dial string for console %v is not a string.", k) } }
The general pattern here is that json.Decode gives you interface{}, and you need to use type selectors to work your way down the structure, and actually get the stuff you expect to be there out of it.
An infinitely prettier way to do this is to use json.Unmarshal. It's a bit hard to understand from the docs, but this blog post makes it crystal clear.
The server is made up of a series of goroutines each running in blocking loops to handle their bit of i/o. Each console that is monitored has a read goroutine and a White one. The reader brings bytes in from it, and dispatches them to all the gocons clients who are listening. It maintains the list of clients in a linked list, but another data structure would work as well. The key is that the clients are not stored in the list as net.TCPConn's, but as channels. What's watching the other end of those channels for new data is the client's proxy goroutine. Each time a client connects, a pair of goroutines are created, one for read, one for write. This allows us to do blocking reads on the input (search for dec.Decode for an example) without worrying about blocking other jobs in the server.
By keeping one single goroutine in charge of writing over the TCP connection, you don't have to do any locking. You could, in principle, have multiple console managers all saying, “I've got something that should be multiplexed onto that TCP connection!” but not worry about them stomping on each other while writing to the connection. (The current implementation only listens to one console at a time.)
Here's a snippet showing how we package up and send the notification that something new arrived on to all the console watchers:
WASHINGTON (AP) — A unanimous Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that home buyers don't need to file a lawsuit, but may simply write a letter if they want to back out of a mortgage because they claim their lender violated the federal Truth in Lending Act.
The decision came in a case involving Larry and Cheryle Jesinoski, a Minnesota couple who refinanced their home in 2007 with Countrywide Home Loans, Inc., now part of Bank of America Corp. They claim the company failed to provide some disclosures required under federal law.
The couple sent a written notice of rescission within three years after the loan closed. But a federal judge ruled they should have filed a lawsuit instead. The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed.
Resolving a split among lower courts, the Supreme Court said written notice was enough.
Justice Antonin Scalia wrote for the court that the law says nothing about how a borrower exercises the right to rescind" within the three years allowed.
Scalia said the resolution of the case was simple because the Jesinoskis mailed the bank their notice before the three-year deadline. "This is all that a borrower must do in order to exercise his right to rescind," he said.
In a second unanimous opinion also written by Scalia, the court upheld a mandatory 10-year minimum prison term for a suspect who forces another person to accompany him during a bank robbery or in trying to elude police.
In the case before the court, defendant Larry Whitfield was fleeing police after a botched robbery at a credit union in Gastonia, North Carolina. He entered the home of 79-year-old Mary Parnell through an unlocked door. Once in the house, Whitfield encountered the frightened woman and guided her from a hallway to a computer room. There, she suffered a heart attack and died. A jury convicted Whitfield for forcing Parnell to accompany him in the course of evading arrest for a bank robbery, among other charges.
At issue was whether the distance traveled matters in figuring out whether the provision applies. Scalia said the several feet Whitfield and Parnell moved from one room to another was enough. Whitfield is serving a total sentence of 27 years.
Although he was the author of both opinions, Scalia was not on the bench Tuesday morning when the decisions were announced. Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg said the justice was stuck in traffic between his suburban Virginia home and the court. Chief Justice John Roberts read summaries of both cases in Scalia's absence.
WALLACE: From what you know and I understand you've been on the outside, how much has he changed? He expanded, restricted these government surveillance programs that he inherited. HAYDEN: In terms of surveillance? WALLACE: Yes. HAYDEN: Expanded in volume, changed the legal grounding for them a little bit, put it more under congressional authorization rather than the president's Article II powers and added a bit more oversight. But in terms of what NSA is doing, there is incredible continuity between the two presidents. WALLACE: How do you mean he's expanded in volume? HAYDEN: Well, it may just because we've gotten more of these records over time and with the amendment to the FISA Act in 2008, which Senator Obama finally voted for, NSA is actually empowered to do more things than I was empowered to do under President Bush's special authorization.
The Latest on the effort by congressional Republicans to pass a health care bill (all times local):
3:10 p.m.
The Senate has voted to move ahead on health care legislation aimed at dismantling the Obama health law.
The vote was 51-50 on Tuesday, a victory for Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and President Donald Trump. Last week, McConnell was forced to postpone the vote, lacking the support of conservatives and moderates.
Vice President Mike Pence cast the tie-breaking vote.
In a dramatic turn, Sen. John McCain returned from Arizona where he is battling brain cancer to cast a crucial vote on proceeding on health care.
The vote sets up days of debate and votes on repealing and replacing Barack Obama's health care law. Whatever the Senate approves still requires a vote in the House.
__
3:00 p.m.
Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) and Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) voted "no" on whether to begin the health-care bill debate. If no other GOP senators vote against the measure, then Vice President Mike Pence's vote will be needed to break the tie.
-- KTUU Staff Update
__
2:35 p.m.
Protesters temporarily disrupted the Senate proceedings on the health care bill.
Shouting "Kill the bill" and "shame," the demonstrators stood in the visitors' gallery and chanted. They were led out of the chamber by police but could still be heard.
The vote got underway on moving head on health care with the goal of erasing much of Barack Obama's law. The Senate chamber was packed, with lawmakers standing to cast their votes.
__
2:30 p.m.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is urging his colleagues to move ahead on health care legislation with the goal of erasing much of the Obama health law.
McConnell told senators seated in the Senate chamber: "We cannot let this moment slip by." He made the remarks ahead of a make-or-break vote to take up the bill. The Kentucky Republican said many GOP senators waited for years for the opportunity to scuttle the 2010 law.
Democratic leader Chuck Schumer urged lawmakers to reject it, saying, "Turn back now before it's too late."
A vote to move ahead would set up days of debate and votes. Republicans have promised for seven years to repeal and replace the law.
As McConnell set up the vote, protests erupted, chanting, "Kill the bill."
__
2:30 p.m.
West Virginia Sen. Shelley Moore Capito has become the latest wavering Republican to say they will back beginning debate on legislation rolling back much of President Barack Obama's health care law.
Capito has been among several moderate Republicans concerned about the GOP bill's cuts in the Medicaid health care program for the poor, disabled and nursing home residents. She's also pushed for added funding for programs that help combat the abuse of drugs including opioids.
West Virginia is one of the nation's poorest states and has an unusually serious drug abuse problem.
Capito says as the Senate debates the bill, she'll push for policies "that result in affordable health care coverage for West Virginians."
__
2:15 p.m.
A Senate Republican who hadn't declared how he'd vote on repealing much of the Obama health care law says he'll vote Tuesday to begin debate.
Nevada Sen. Dean Heller's statement was crucial because GOP leaders can only lose two of the 52 Republican senators and keep the bill alive. Around a dozen declared opposition or lambasted the legislation, but many seemed to be falling into line.
Heller faces perhaps the toughest re-election race next year of any Senate Republican. He and his state's popular Republican governor, Brian Sandoval, have opposed the GOP bill because of its Medicaid cuts.
Heller said in a statement that doing nothing to solve problems with President Barack Obama's law wasn't tenable. He said he'd oppose the final bill if it's not improved for Nevada.
__
11:30 a.m.
Sen. Rand Paul says he will vote "yes" on a pivotal health care vote Tuesday afternoon after receiving assurances from Majority Leader Mitch McConnell.
Paul had been a holdout against McConnell's plans for legislation to repeal and replace "Obamacare." He argued it did not go far enough in getting rid of the Obama law.
But Paul says McConnell has informed him the Senate will take up a straight-forward repeal bill as he has been urging. And if that's the case he will vote "yes" to open debate on the legislation.
Tuesday's vote is make-or-break because if the Senate does not vote to open debate the bill will die.
But if debate starts there will be numerous amendments - and repeal-only is not likely to be the final product.
__
11:15 a.m.
Republicans are showing signs of optimism that they'll be able to take up the health care bill. Senators and aides said talks were continuing that might win over enough Republicans to start debate Tuesday.
The discussions involved holding an early vote on a plan scuttling much of the Obama health law and giving Congress two years to enact a replacement. That plan, embraced by conservative Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., seems likely to lose. But Paul has said that he will vote to bring up the GOP health bill if he is guaranteed that early vote.
Moderates are seeking additional money for states that would be hurt by cuts in Medicaid, the health insurance program for the poor, the disabled and nursing home patients. Conservatives want a vote on a proposal by Ted Cruz, R-Texas, letting insurers offer bare-bones policies with low premiums, which would be illegal under Obama's law.
__
7:20 a.m.
President Donald Trump says "we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!" on health care.
Trump has been pressuring Senate Republicans to vote on a health care bill "after 7 years of talking." A procedural vote is planned for Tuesday.
Trump says on Twitter Tuesday morning that Obamacare is "torturing" Americans. He says "I have pen in hand" to sign a bill and is urging a vote either to repeal, or to repeal and replace the Obama law.
Trump says it's "so great" that ailing Republican Arizona Sen. John McCain is returning to Washington to vote for the first time since being diagnosed with brain cancer.
Trump's describes McCain's move as "brave" and the senator as an "American hero." During the 2016 campaign, Trump questioned McCain's status as a war hero, saying, "He was a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren't captured."
__
4:58 a.m.
Republican leaders are steering the Senate toward a crucial vote on their health care bill with a fresh burst of drama and optimism, thanks to Sen. John McCain's declaration that he'll return to the Capitol for the roll call.
Before the announcement by the cancer-stricken McCain, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had already planned an initial vote for Tuesday on simply beginning debate on the Republican effort. A victory seemed unlikely because of opposition and criticism from GOP senators toward McConnell's bill, which would erase much of President Barack Obama's law.
McCain's office announced his decision to return late Monday, improving McConnell's odds. In fact, McCain's announcement suggested Republican leaders had a good chance of prevailing since it seemed unlikely they'd bring him back if the measure was doomed.
Hampton Creek scientists are developing lab-grown meat. Hampton Creek— the Silicon Valley startup known for its vegan mayonnaise — says it's working on growing meat in a lab.
The food startup revealed to The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday that it plans to get its meat to stores by 2018 — long before the competition.
There's only a small group of global startups vying to create "clean meat" — beef, chicken, or seafood engineered in industrial vats to taste like the real thing. California-based startup Memphis Meats, which has raised at least $3 million, is the only other company that has said it will go to market, and not until 2021. Dr. Mark Post, a researcher in Maastricht, Netherlands, also made a lab-grown burger in 2013 and subsequently launched a company called Mosa Meat s to further his work.
Hampton Creek's plan is part of a larger trend of startups working on high-tech meat alternatives, including plant-based "meats" that mimic traditional meat. The food startup Beyond Meat sells its burgers, made mostly from pea protein, at vegetarian chain Veggie Grill and in the meat aisle in select Whole Foods stores. Impossible Foods' plant-based burgers are also at some upscale fast-casual restaurants, like Momofoku and Umami Burger.
Hampton Creek — which has raised more than $120 million to date — has had its share of controversy since launching in 2011. In 2015, former employees told Business Insider that the startup used shoddy science, stretched the truth when labeling samples, and created an uncomfortable work environment, partly in an effort to meet production deadlines.
There were also allegations that, leading up to a venture capital funding round in 2014, the startup paid contractors to buy its vegan mayo to appear like there was more interest from shoppers, Bloomberg reported in 2016. Hampton Creek claimed that the buyout program was for quality control purposes.
On June 26, Target announced it will pull 20 Hampton Creek products, including the startup's popular vegan mayo (Just Mayo), from its shelves over food safety concerns.
Clearing a path to market for Hampton Creek's meat so quickly seems ambitious — it's hard to nail the texture and taste of meat grown in a lab, and getting prices down to consumer-friendly levels could be difficult — but the startup told Quartz it will meet that timeline. The Good Food Institute (GFI), a food-tech nonprofit that has worked with Hampton Creek, is also confident that Hampton Creek can get its meat to supermarkets by 2018.
"It's an ambitious goal for sure, but yes, with the right resources, it should be achievable," Bruce Friedlich, GFI's executive director, told Business Insider. "Hampton Creek has gone beyond expectation with everything it has set out to do — it went from founding to unicorn status in about five years. [CEO] Joshua Tetrick appears to be committed to moving fast and breaking things."
In memory of HakobGyurdjyan, a famous sculptor from Shoushi, sculptors from various countries have traveled to Artsakh to participate in the 4th International HakobGyurdjyan Symposium.
The visiting sculptors are to be seen in a town park next to the Fine Arts Museum working away, beneath the flags of their countries, on their pieces.
Craig Asher from New York Asher at work
Sculptor Craig Asher, from New York, says he's at a loss for words to describe the beauty of Artsakh. “It's a very lyrical and beautiful place. But I'm sad that it's in a war,” says Craig.
Manch Gao's gift to the museum
Mr. Asher is sculpting a piece symbolizing peace, hoping that it will convey tranquility and fraternity to all who view it. The young artist says it an honor for him to participate in the symposium.
He says that the people of Artsakh are free and that it's simply up to the rest of the world to recognize that right of theirs. “After arriving here, I understood that the problem facing the people is just one of status. They have everything else.”
Manchu Gao, a sculptor from China, uses one word to describe Artsakh – heaven. His sculpture deals with peace and culture. He has yet to name it.
“I want people to imagine the meaning of my work in their own way. But there are fundamental details; clouds and a dome. The dome rises to the sky, to the light,” says Gao.
The young Chinese artist got the idea for the sculptor after arriving in Artsakh. “Before arriving, I didn't know anything about Armenia or the NKR. I learnt a few things on the internet. When I arrived, I was influenced to create this piece,” says Gao.
Gao isn't worried that by visiting Artsakh, he is now on the “black-list” when it comes to travelling to Azerbaijan. “I knew about this before coming here. I am happy to be here. It's worth it to wind up on a black-list just to see Artsakh.”
Manchu Gao
Mihran Hakobyan was born in Stepanakert, Artsakh's capita, and fought in the liberation war. He's the son of NKR People's Artist Armen Hakobyan, who was killed in 1990. Mihran lives and works in Poland.
Mihran Hakobyan at work
For the 1st HakobGyurdjyan Symposium, Mihran sculpted a work called “Beginning”, that has been installed in Stepanakert.
The symposium kicked off on August 4 and will run till August 30. The park that now serves as a workshop for the sculptors will be officially opened that day.
The park is now adorned with some of the 42 works sculpted by visiting artists during the past three symposiums. The others are to be found in the Fine Arts Museum and throughout the country.
Shoushi Fine Arts Museum Director DonaraHaroutyunyan says the park is a veritable open-air museum.
Once the symposium ends, the artists will then visit Armenia and Georgia
Source: Brian Lawless/PA Wire
TOM ‘SLAB' MURPHY said by security sources to be the former Chief of Staff of the Provisional IRA, used his family farm's unique position straddling the border to amass a multi-million euro fortune through cross border smuggling.
Born in August 1949 close to the border in the townland of Ballybinaby in Hackballscross, Co Louth, Murphy is believed to have joined the IRA in the 1960s, before the organisation split into the Provisional and Official wings.
Murphy aligned himself with the Provisionals, became an active member of the Provisional IRA and, according to journalist Toby Harnden in his authoritative book Bandit Country (written in 1999):
Since October 1996 he has been the IRA's Chief of Staff. Balding and heavily built, Murphy has a lolloping gait and an imposing presence. Apart from the IRA and smuggling, his only passion is Gaelic football.
The family farm, which Tom took over after his father's death in 1968, proved ideal for cross border smuggling, with part of it lying in the north and part of it in the Republic.
Murphy ran a profitable cross border smuggling trade, first with pigs and cattle and latterly with fuel and oil.
Garda officers drive fuel tankers from the scene of a major cross border search operation near Crossmaglen in Co Armagh in March 2006. Three people were arrested during a massive security operation linked to a major investigation into organised crime on both sides of the Irish border today. Hundreds of police and soldiers in south Armagh and north Co Louth raided properties and at one stage an area around the family home of Thomas Slab Murphy was sealed off. Source: PA Archive/Press Association Images
Affidavits lodged in court by members of the Criminal Assets Bureau following a joint raid involving the gardaí, customs and PSNI at the Murphy farm on 9 March 2006, give an insight into the problems faced by the authorities in combatting cross-border smuggling.
In one affidavit a CAB officer said that Tom Murphy inherited the family home and farm from his parents but transferred it into the names of other family members.
He said:
The original home is surrounded by a yard and sheds which contain oil storage tanks, both mobile and static. This property is now the headquarters of Ace Oils Limited.
“I believe that in addition to the above property, Murphy owns and controls a number of farm sheds and outbuildings on lands adjoining the Ace Oils Limited business premises.
“Some of these outbuildings and sheds are situated within Northern Ireland but another shed and yard are situated on land within the Republic of Ireland, which open out directly into the Northern Ireland jurisdiction.”
The officer said that Ace Oils Ltd started trading from the Murphy farm in 1992 and he went on to state:
I believe as a result of investigations and from confidential information in my possession, the source of which I do not wish to reveal for security and operational reasons, that Tom Murphy has been involved in oil smuggling for many years and this smuggling was carried out from North to South or vice versa depending on the price differential in each jurisdiction at particular times.
A senior PSNI officer in his affidavit said: “Thomas Murphy, also known as Slab, has I believe for some years been actively involved in fuel smuggling and other forms of smuggling across the border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
“This has been a multi million pound venture which has been undertaken for some years.
“It is in respect of these smuggling activities and related money laundering offences, which my investigations are being pursued.
“This farm straddles the border with substantial buildings in both jurisdictions, some of which actually have the border going through them. It is the convenience of the location which lends itself to the illegal trade of fuel.
The border dissects the original dwelling house and farmyard with the majority of the dwelling being located in Co Louth and approximately 60% of the yard area in Co Armagh.
PSNI officer at the scene of the major cross border search operation Near Crossmaglen in Co Armagh, Thursday March 9 2006. Source: PA Archive/Press Association Images
The PSNI officer went to state: “I understand that a HM Revenue and Customs report in 2002 estimated that in 2000 the revenue loss could have been between 450 and 980 million pounds (sterling) in the UK.
“Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs estimated that revenue loss in Northern Ireland was 380 million pounds (sterling) in 2000. This figure has increased since then.
I believe that criminal groups operating from the south Armagh area are involved in prolific fuel smuggling not only on both sides of the Irish border but also into Great Britain.
A detective garda with CAB said, in another affidavit, that during the March 2006 search of Murphy's farm a large amount of cash and cheques were found in black plastic bags hidden in hay bales. The cash totalled €256,245 and £111,185.
The same CAB officer said:”I believe that Ace Oils Ltd and Murphy have been involved in cross border oil smuggling over the past twenty years approximately and that they have benefited financially from this activity and have built up a substantial property portfolio which is held in various individual and company names.”
An affidavit from a senior Customs Officer attached to CAB detailed how the fuel smuggling was carried out at the Murphy farm.
There were three large static storage tanks and six underground storage tanks. There were two filling gantries in the yard. This yard was constructed so as to enable a tanker of any size to come from the Republic of Ireland to fill up with fuel, or dispense fuel into the storage tanks.
“In addition to the above, two of the underground storage tanks containing petrol had interconnecting pipes which led to a pig shed situated a few feet south of the border
“There was also a pipe coming around the underground derv (diesel) storage tank to the same shed. These pipes were connected to petrol and derv dispensing machines concealed within the shed.
“The dispensing machines had a large flexible hose attached. This hose was sufficiently long to enable petrol or derv to be dispensed into a tanker parked in a shed north of the border. I am satisfied that this structure was put in place for the sole purpose of illegally exporting petrol and derv to Northern Ireland.”
Libel actions
A 1990 image of Thomas 'Slab' Murphy Source: PA Archive/Press Association Images
Murphy has taken two separate libel actions against the Sunday Times; in 1990 and following a Supreme Court appeal which overturned the jury's findings in that case, and again in 1998.
The Sunday Times in 1985 reported that Slab Murphy had been appointed the Provisional IRA operations commander for Northern Ireland and had sanctioned a planned bombing campaign of 12 seaside resorts in England which was thwarted when British police arrested the IRA active service unit in Glasgow.
During the first libel trial at the Four Courts in Dublin in 1990, the jury was shown aerial photographs of the Murphy farm complex. It was told that four companies were run from the complex, one of them an oil distribution company named after Weststar, an oil company that featured in the popular 1980's American TV series Dallas.
The jury at that trial also heard that that two Irish customs officers who called to the Murphy farm in April, 1989 were attacked by Murphy, who threw a concrete block at them.
Evidence in trials
During the 1990 libel trial the Sunday Times called as a witness Brendan Mc Gahon, then a Fine Gael TD for Louth, who told the jury that he had no doubt that Murphy had links with the IRA. The newspaper also called five gardai, British Army Brigadier Peter Morton and three customs officers as witnesses.
The jury also heard that gardaí had found a false passport in the name of Jim Faughey which Murphy had used to travel abroad.
It was one of 100 blank passports stolen from the Department of Foreign Affairs in 1984. Passports from the same batch were found along with plans to bomb British seaside resorts when police raided a house in Glasgow and arrested an IRA active service unit in 1985.
Following Murphy's successful appeal to the Supreme Court against the jury's findings in 1990, a retrial was held in 1998 during which the Sunday Times called two former Provisional IRA members, Sean O'Callaghan and Eamon Collins.
Eamon Collins, who was later murdered near his home in Newry, Co Down, told the jury that Murphy was “the most senior IRA man” he had met.
O'Callaghan, who worked as a garda informer while also active as a senior Provisional IRA member, told the jury that that he had met Murphy at two meetings of the IRA Army Council's General Headquarters Staff in 1984 and 1985.
The jury in the second libel case took less than an hour to reject Murphy's case and found against him.
The estimated cost of the second libel case alone in legal fees was around €1.5 million.
• Former Fifa acting president loses to head of Madagascar's FA • Support for Hayatou dwindled after he backed Sheikh Salman for Fifa's top job
Issa Hayatou, president of the Confederation of African Football (Caf) for an era spanning 29 years and a senior administrator at Fifa throughout its years of corruption scandals, has finally been deposed, suffering defeat in Caf's presidential election.
Hayatou, a former teacher and sports minister from Cameroon who was first elected as the Caf president in 1988 and became a member of the Fifa executive committee two years later, lost decisively in the vote at Caf's congress in Addis Ababa, 34-20 to Ahmad Ahmad, the president of the Madagascar Football Association.
Fifa is not corrupt, and neither am I, insists acting president Issa Hayatou Read more
Ahmad will replace him on Fifa's governing council, so the election signals the departure of another long-term fixture from world football's governing body's executive committee, one which overlapped with the 17-year presidency of Sepp Blatter.
That tenure ended when Blatter was banned from football in December 2015 over a SFR2m (£1.6m) payment to the then Uefa president, Michel Platini, who was also banned. A string of other Fifa powerbrokers in that executive committee have now been indicted for alleged corruption in the US Department of Justice criminal proceedings, or been banned by Fifa's own ethics committee, for malpractice.
Hayatou himself has not been charged or implicated in those investigations, and his long record at the heights of power was tarnished only by an alleged payment to him of FR100,000 from the marketing company ISL, which serially paid bribes to Fifa officials before it collapsed in 2001. Hayatou admitted receiving the money but always said it was not a corrupt payment and that he used it to pay for a celebration of Caf's 40 year anniversary in 1997.
Fifa did not sanction Hayatou but he was reprimanded by the International Olympic Committee, on which he also sat after he was elected in 2001, for accepting money which the IOC said “in these conditions constitutes a conflict of interest”.
Hayatou stood for the Fifa presidency in 2002, supported by a concerted campaign of senior European members of the executive committee determined to oust Blatter, but he lost comprehensively, 139 votes to 56. His seniority at Fifa endured, however, and after Blatter was suspended in September 2015 over the Platini payment Hayatou stepped up to become the organisation's acting president, performing that role until the election of Gianni Infantino, Platini's former general secretary at Uefa, in February 2016.
In the landmark election for the post-Blatter presidency of Fifa, Hayatou supported Infantino's rival candidate, the Bahrain royal Sheikh Salman bin Ebrahim al-Khalifa, a political miscalculation which contributed to his support in Africa slipping and the emergence of Ahmad as a rival.
Ahmad, 57 and a former player and coach, heads the FA of a less prominent African football country, but under Caf rules a candidate for president has to be a serving member of the executive committee, and he was encouraged by allies to make the challenge.
His manifesto reproduced the standard Fifa and continental confederation promises of good governance and transparency, promised to have significant development money invested smartly and not in “white elephant” building projects, and for football to be “a lever for economical development and a tool to reach social stability” for young people in Africa.
As the president, in 2015 Hayatou signed a deal to sell Caf's TV rights for the African Cup of Nations and club Champions League to the French media company Lagardère for $1bn over 12 years, a 10-fold increase on the previous deal of $150m from 2008-16. In his final speech as the president, delivered at the Nelson Mandela hall in Addis Ababa, Hayatou acclaimed the progress made by African football in the 60 years since Caf's formation in 1957, and promised to lobby for 10 countries from the continent to be included in the World Cup which Infantino has steered to an expanded 48-team format from 2026.
However, the emergence of Ahmad and the groundswell of support behind him has meant that Hayatou will not serve to fulfil that or his other election promises.
He had been challenged only twice before during his nearly three decades of power, winning by overwhelming margins in 2000 and 2004. In April 2015 the Caf statutes were changed to remove the then age limit of 70 for a president to stand which allowed Hayatou, who is 71 this year, to put himself forward for yet another term.
However after Ahmad announced his candidacy in January, promising to unify African football and embrace countries who have “lost their trust, their confidence” in Caf, Hayatou found his support drained away.
At the congress, Ahmad is reported to have been carried shoulder high by supporters to the podium after one more of the men who populated Fifa's ruling body during its era of great expansion and shocking scandal had fallen.
On the face of it, the taping of the The Mozhdah Show looks like that of any other U.S. talk show. Green lights dim as the house band—Afghanistan's only known rock group—starts up. A white spotlight sweeps the audience. Whistles and cheers erupt as the host, Mozhdah Jamalzadah, emerges, hopping gracefully onto the bright-pink set. “Salaam!” says the charismatic, Canadian-raised star, whose nine-month-old TV program has taken Afghanistan by storm. “Salaam!” she says again, smiling, her adoring crowd refusing to return to their seats.
Mozhdah, who like Beyoncé is known by her first name, and is mobbed whenever she leaves her Kabul home, has been labelled the Oprah of Afghanistan. The comparison is of course imperfect. Oprah doesn't sleep with a gun. She doesn't ride in bulletproof cars or travel with guards armed with AK-47s. Death threats don't flood her inbox. Mozhdah, whose first thought on entering a new building is how she might escape, is gutsy in a way Oprah doesn't need to be. Her black leather leggings, six-inch heels and silver hoop earrings wouldn't get a second glance in Vancouver, where she's spent all but five of her 26 years, but this is Afghanistan. Until a few years ago, the bare ankles alone could have earned her a public whipping.
Her clothes aren't the only thing raising eyebrows in the ultra-conservative country. There is the unapologetically frank content of the show. Should women have to wear the veil? Should the marriage of a 10-year-old girl be allowed? If a woman is willing to set herself alight to escape the violence of a marriage—a common form of suicide in much of Afghanistan—why aren't we talking about divorce? Conversations like these, she says, are raised in hushed voices in Afghanistan, when at all. She's taking them to the airwaves, and into the homes of millions of viewers, an astonishing change.
That Afghans are watching TV at all is a meaningful shift. Under the Taliban, watching television and listening to music was a crime; the Talib mouthpiece, Radio Shariat, was the country's lone radio station. Dancing was punishable by execution. But with the lifting of these restrictions in 2004, some 20 networks have rushed to fill the void. In a country with an illiteracy rate as high as 80 per cent, the tube's popularity is soaring. Afghan Star, the local take on American Idol, draws as many as a third of the country's population of 32 million. The impact, especially in cities and on the new generation—the 60 per cent of Afghans under 25—is dramatic.
Women's lives are being reimagined on television. Bollywood soaps, dubbed into Dari, are giving girls a new version of womanhood, where young women ditch the veil, and can marry for love. Recently, filming began on the country's first soap, The Secrets of This House. By turning a mirror to Afghan society, the show, directed by female filmmaker Roya Sadaat, is a rare critique of Afghanistan's failings: its treatment of women, the corruption, drugs. Yet Mozhdah, even in this changing landscape, is a revolutionary force. Simply by interviewing a male psychologist, she lends weight to the idea that women have ideas and intelligence and can speak with men as equals—radical thinking, after years of Taliban rule. Her barely-there head scarves and fashionable belts are being widely mimicked in a country known for its burkas and colourless, shapeless women's attire. In a culture where even what a woman wears can be a freighted political choice, she's subtly but surely transforming her world.
Mozhdah spent most of her life in a country where none of this would be out of the ordinary. Born in Kabul, she emigrated to Vancouver in 1990 with her parents, Nasrin and Bashir, and her baby brothers, Safee and Masee, when she was five. A year earlier, as the Soviet occupation was drawing to an end, Bashir, a professor and poet from Herat, a liberal fortress in the country's western highlands, had learned that president Najibullah's Communist regime had him in their sights. Having witnessed countless friends and colleagues vanish without a trace, he escaped, in the middle of a class, to a safe house; “stomach cramps,” he explained to his shocked students, who watched him go. Nasrin and the kids fled their Kabul home, leaving everything behind: money, clothes, toys. “In that situation, everything is material,” Nasrin explains. “You grab your children and you get out.”
The family, once reunited, crossed Afghanistan's eastern border into Pakistan, and spent a year in Islamabad's teeming refugee slums before making it to Canada, and a new beginning. Nasrin, who'd grown up among the elite in Kabul's old city, became a hairdresser. Bashir found work at a career college in suburban Richmond. Eventually, they bought a bungalow in working-class south Vancouver, where the boys' hockey trophies vie for attention with the ornate Persian rugs.
Mozhdah grew up with one eye firmly on the country's worsening situation. “What women were facing,” she says on the phone from Kabul, “haunted me.” Music became an outlet in her teen years—the first stirrings of a life in the spotlight. She took vocal lessons with Dari singer Wahid Omid, and started getting gigs in Vancouver. After graduating from John Oliver Secondary, she enrolled in the British Columbia Institute of Training's broadcasting program, and studied opera at the British Columbia Conservatory of Music: the perfect training, as it turned out, for what lay ahead. Often she sang in Dari, rebuilding a language she'd lost growing up with The Baby-Sitters Club. Mozhdah's biggest fans were her mother's clients from the salon. They made it to all her shows, though none was even Afghan.
Initially Mozhdah avoided politics in her music. But two years ago, a group of Kandahar schoolgirls was attacked with acid. Bashir, then working as an interpreter with the Canadian Forces, was devastated by the ugly assault, for which the Taliban claimed responsibility. On the return plane to Vancouver, he wrote a poem recalling the country's female heroes, poets, politicians and warriors. Mozhdah, who remembers the emotion etched in his face when he handed her the poem, cloistered herself for days, putting those words to music.
The result, Afghan Girl, was a sensation, first among the sprawling diaspora community. A Vegas producer, another Afghan refugee, signed her. The music video they filmed for the song in Nevada's Red Rock Canyon then broke into Afghanistan, where Afghan Girl won a series of awards, including 2009's song of the year. With the nod, Mozhdah joined a rarefied club. The first female pop star to emerge in Afghanistan in decades, in March she performed for Barack and Michelle Obama at the White House, a far cry from her days at Vancouver's Hellenic club.
It was one thing for Mozhdah's music to be in Afghanistan, quite another for her to go there herself. But last year, when 1TV, a start-up network launched by Fahim Hashimy, a young, Kabul-raised millionaire, contacted her about hosting a show called Afghan Talent, the local iteration of America's got Talent, she leapt at the opportunity. Her parents were wholeheartedly opposed. “They thought I was going through a phase—that I was mad about something,” she explains. They sat Mozhdah down on a brown leather couch in the family den. The country was not stable, they pointed out; the Taliban was flourishing; warlords were everywhere. But their eldest, whom her mother describes as fearless and often difficult, was adamant. “At that point,” says Nasrin, “we had no choice but to support her.” But she admits, through clenched fists, that some nights she lies awake, still gripped with fear.
Her parents weren't alone; everyone thought she was crazy, from her friends in Vancouver to her new co-workers in Kabul. “Everyone's trying to get out of here,” her cameramen told her, incredulous. “You're running against traffic.” Professionally, the move paid off in spades. Just weeks after Mozhdah arrived in Afghanistan in December 2009—remarkably, her first time back—1TV offered her a show of her own (Afghan Talent is still in development). Still, sometimes Mozhdah thinks she's crazy, too. She aches for Vancouver, for “civilization,” as she puts it, and for Mittens, her cat.
The inspiration for the show is Oprah. Mozhdah's been watching the queen of daytime religiously since she was 15, and bought Oprah's six-disc, 20th anniversary DVD collection as a study guide. Like Oprah, Mozhdah focuses on families. “So many of Afghanistan's problems start in the home,” she says—“poverty, a lack of education, child abuse, domestic abuse.” Sometimes she has a musical guest. Sometimes she herself is the musical guest. She can't bring families up on stage—“People would never put themselves at risk like that”—so, instead, she stages skits. A regular cast acts as a stand-in family, aping discord for the cameras. “I have really good news,” a mother said to her daughter in one sketch, voice brimming with excitement. “What is it?” the little girl responded. “We're getting you married,” said her mom. “But mom! I want to go to school. Why are you doing this to me?” That day, Mozhdah recalls, a woman stood up in the audience. She'd been married as a small child, she said. She'd had 10 children, and was forced to grow up before she was ready. She was 50, says Mozhdah, but could have passed for 80. Girls, she declared on the show, deserve a choice.
Mozhdah didn't jump straight into hot topics like forced marriage of children. She eased in, so viewers wouldn't “freak out.” She started with child labour, then turned the light to child abuse, both widely tolerated in Afghanistan; slowly, she broached topics like domestic violence, equality and, most recently, divorce. “No, no, no, this is a taboo subject,” people told her, trying to ward her off the topic. An uncle, made aware of her plans, phoned to intervene. “Uncle, this is why I came here,” she argued. “I'm not promoting divorce. But these girls are killing themselves. We have to let families know there is another option.”
Her appeal, needless to say, is far from universal. Conservative clerics and government officials take issue with her liberal views and “un-Islamic” dress. The ministry of culture once stopped one of her shows from airing because she chose not to wear a head scarf. Before editing was even done, word of the transgression had leaked, and the show was yanked. V-neck dresses, she's learned, will bring the same result. She makes the necessary compromises, working just enough nods to Islam into the program.
Every woman in Afghan media makes some accommodations. Sima, a wildly popular radio host, fearful of becoming a target, never reveals her last name or allows herself to be photographed. “Wherever I go,” her male co-host, Massoud Sanjer, recently told the New Yorker, “people say, is she beautiful? What's she like?” Everyone knows what can happen when you don't stay vigilant. Mozhdah's friend, Setara Hussainzada, a singer and finalist on Afghan Star, was forced into hiding after her head scarf fell to her shoulders during a televised performance. After repeated threats on her life, she fled to Britain.
In some cases, the consequences for women in media have been much more dire. In June 2007, Zakia Zaki, 35, who ran the U.S.-funded station Peace Radio in Parwan province, was gunned down as she slept in bed with her eight-month-old son; hers was the second slaying of a female Afghan journalist in a five-day period. In 2005, Shaima Rezayee was shot in the head in her Kabul home. The jeans-favouring, 24-year-old veejay on the hit music and chat show Hop boldly laughed and teased her two male co-hosts and aired videos of Western, Indian, Turkish, Iranian and Afghan music. Afghan youth were immediately transfixed. Clerics were incensed. In mosques and town hall meetings, religious leaders viciously attacked Rezayee's choices. Male relatives who had felt she had impugned the family honour are the main suspects in her murder.
Certainly, there has been progress. Afghanistan's 2004 constitution guarantees women their rights, and the government has passed a law criminalizing violence against women. Women have fought their way into peace talks, parliament, media, the country's police force, even the Olympic team. But the constitution also says no law may go against the principles of sharia, the laws of Islam. For now the courts follow the Hanafi school, the most tolerant interpretation of sharia. But a political change could bring major clawbacks. Reports that President Hamid Karzai has begun talks with members of the Quetta Shura, the Taliban leadership—viewed in the West as a pragmatic and positive move—terrifies Afghan women, Mozhdah included. The Taliban, in negotiations, are expected to push for a version of the state in line with their views. Equality for women would not be part of the plan.
Mozhdah rarely leaves her Kabul home. When she does, she's hounded by fans snapping cellphone photos or wanting autographs. Her Canadian roots, she figures, offer some protection. “People think: ‘It's not her fault—she grew up outside.' ” There's another mitigating factor, Nasrin says, clearly uncomfortable. In Afghanistan, she explains, actresses and female singers are seen to be on the hunt for male attention and affection. But Mozhdah's well-documented work with Afghan orphanages and passion for social change may, in the eyes of some Afghans, make her motivations seem virtuous, pure. Still, there is opposition, even within her family. On Nasrin's last visit, Mozhdah's uncle insisted his niece, who is single, be married. Nasrin fought back. “Mozhdah knows how to look after herself,” she told him. “She was brought up just like a man.” “No!” he shouted. “Over here, it doesn't work that way.”
“I'm a target,” Mozhdah admits. “I've been warned. “I live in fear from morning until night. I can't trust any guards; I can't trust people around me, even co-workers. People will sell you off—they'll sell your whereabouts. I could give up and run back to Vancouver,” she adds. “But I'm not going to do that.”
Mozhdah recalls a woman visiting the studio after a two-part series on domestic violence had aired. Mozhdah recalls being “very harsh” in presenting the episode: “A real man,” she'd said on-air, “wouldn't hit his wife.” Throughout the show, the woman recounted, her husband stared intently at the TV. Since seeing the series, he hadn't hit her. She wanted to thank Mozhdah, not just on her behalf, she said, but for women all over Afghanistan.
Israel is dismayed by the outcome of Saturday's P5+1 talks with Iran in Istanbul, at which it was decided to hold a further round of negotiations in Baghdad next month.
“My initial impression is that Iran has been given a ‘freebie,'” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Sunday, at the start of a meeting with US Senator Joe Lieberman (ID-CT). “It has got five weeks to continue enrichment without any limitation, any inhibition.
He added: “I think Iran should take immediate steps. First, stop all enrichment, take out all enrichment material and dismantle the nuclear facility in Qom. I believe that the world's greatest practitioner of terrorism must not have the opportunity to develop atomic bombs.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
In a rare show of unity, Iran and the world's big powers on Saturday hailed their first nuclear meeting in more than a year as a key step toward further negotiations meant to ease international fears that Tehran may weaponize its nuclear program.
The one concrete reflection of progress was an agreement to meet again on May 23 in Baghdad, a venue put forward by Iran.
But huge hurdles still lie in the way of a common understanding of what Iran should do to end suspicions of its nuclear activities. Those barriers may prove insurmountable considering the differences between Tehran and the six nations trying to persuade it to compromise on its nuclear efforts.
Since revelations surfaced 10 years ago that it was secretly building a uranium enrichment program, Tehran has argued it has a right to enrichment to create reactor fuel under the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty, and insisted it will never use that ability to create the fissile core of a nuclear warhead.
But the United States and other countries accuse Iran of repeatedly violating the treaty, and Tehran continues to expand enrichment despite four sets of UN Security Council resolutions and other penalties imposed by the US, Europe and others. Adding to concerns, it now is enriching uranium to levels closer to the grade needed for nuclear weapons in an underground bunker that could be impervious to attack.
The talks in Istanbul on Saturday saw the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany sitting at the same table with Iran. Iran refused to even consider discussing enrichment.
EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton, who formally led the talks on behalf of the six powers, called the meeting “constructive and useful.”
She expressed the hope they will lead to “a sustained process of serious dialogue, where we can take urgent practical steps to build confidence and lead on to compliance by Iran with all its international obligations.”
Iranian chief negotiator Saeed Jalili said the talks made “some progress.” But he acknowledged “some points of difference.”
“What we saw today in the talks was the interest of the other party in the talks and cooperation, which is considered positive,” he told reporters.
In London, British Foreign Secretary William Hague said the talks were “the first steps” toward the six-nation push to find “a peaceful, negotiated solution to the (Iran) nuclear issue.”
“Today's talks were a first step towards that objective, but there is still a long way to go.”
Both Jalili and Ashton said there was agreement to move slowly and be guided by reciprocity — meaning that Iran stood to benefit from easing fears about its enrichment program by unspecified rewards from the other side.
Iran hopes those rewards could include easing or delaying sanctions that target its main cash cow, its oil sales. Jalili said, “The lifting of sanctions is one of the demands by Iranian nation.”
But a senior US administration official who demanded anonymity in exchange for discussing strategy at upcoming talks said that was not on the table in the near future.
“Clearly, I think that sanctions have had a serious impact and clearly that was understood in today's discussions,” she said at a post-negotiation briefing.
“One only expects to look at the issue when there are sufficient concrete steps taken” by Iran, she said. “Dialogue is not sufficient for any sanctions relief.”
Beyond the bite of sanctions, Iran is under threat of Israeli and possibly US military attack unless it makes headway in persuading the international community it is not pursuing nuclear weapons.
The US official said Iran's acceptance of the need to discuss its nuclear program appeared dictated by recognition that the diplomatic “window of opportunity was closing” and that the threat of military action potentially growing.
Ashton said there was agreement by both sides that the talks should be guided by the Nonproliferation Treaty, but because Iran says it has never violated that treaty that understanding could prove to be a huge stumbling block to progress.
Top level meetings of the International Atomic Energy Agency, which tries to monitor Iran's nuclear activities, are often dominated by inconclusive debate between Iran and its critics on whether Tehran is in compliance or has broken treaty provisions.
“Under the NPT, the right of enrichment exists for all member countries,” Jalili told reporters after the talks, suggesting his country would press that point at follow-up meetings. Ashton, in turn, told reporters that the six seek “to ensure all the obligations under the NPT are met by Iran while fully respecting Iran's right to the peaceful use of nuclear energy.”
In its claim to comply with all NPT obligations, Iran asserts that it declares all its nuclear material and allows inspectors to monitor all nuclear facilities.
But IAEA chief Yukiya Amano has said repeatedly that because Iran does not cooperate fully with his agency it cannot guarantee that it is not hiding undeclared nuclear material that could be used for weapons. Additionally, he has spoken of compelling evidence that Iran may have worked on nuclear arms — charges Tehran dismisses as fabrications spread by the United States and Israel.
Officially, the international community's long-term goal remains what it was when nuclear negotiations began eight years ago — persuading Tehran to stop all uranium enrichment and thereby relieve fears that it will use that program to create fissile warhead material.
A senior diplomat involved in the talks said, however, that influential Western nations now are increasingly coming around to the idea that Iran should be allowed to keep some enrichment activity “under the right circumstances,” sometime in the future, if all fears about possible Iranian plans to make nuclear weapons are put to rest.
Spread the love
Lockheed Martin and Boeing continue to hold an unnecessarily costly monopoly on the Defense Department's space program, despite an alternative that would spare taxpayers no less than $250 million — each time a space launch is conducted. Government favoritism for the United Launch Alliance — an alliance turned monopoly between Lockheed and Boeing — has left Elon Musk's SpaceX out in the cold despite enormous potential savings.
As a report from Politico revealed, each space launch conducted by the ULA comes with a whopping $350 million price tag, and though SpaceX can promise the same for less than $100 million, ULA's chokehold on the program will perpetuate the Pentagon's wasteful spending for years to come.
Worse, as Politico explains, “ULA is under investigation by the Pentagon for possible corrupt bidding practices and is preparing to lay off 25 percent of its workforce. Its long-term viability is in doubt.
“Even the Pentagon's acquisition chief grants that the creation of ULA — a monopoly criticized by the Federal Trade Commission when it was formed at the government's behest a decade ago — may have been a mistake.”
SpaceX, or Space Exploration Technologies Corp., sued the government to gain access to the bidding process — the terms of that out-of-court settlement were sealed and remain undisclosed — and subsequently won its first military contract on April 27. ULA haughtily refused to participate in the bid, despite it being the first opportunity to justify its costs in the face of competition.
“We did what we were asked to do,” affirmed ULA CEO Tory Bruno in an interview, noting the company's successful record. “I think the government has been an excellent steward of their resources and of this mission, and ULA has done everything they have been asked to do.”
Lockheed and Boeing issued a joint statement to Politico, echoing ULA's sentiment, which read, in part, “We are proud of our work with ULA. No other company has achieved 100 percent mission success in delivering critical national security, scientific and commercial satellites safely into their correct orbit every time.”
Despite ULA's self-congratulatory balking at criticism, taxpayers have no choice but to continue paying hundreds of millions for programs SpaceX can perform more cost-effectively. And that viable competition is precisely what concerned the FTC when the ULA monopoly was originally formed.
“The anticipated result of anticompetitive consolidation would be to reduce the rate of innovation and other non-price benefits and increase the prices that the government, including the Air Force, NASA and other government agencies, would pay for these services,” explained Michael Moiseyev, then-assistant director of the bureau of competition for the FTC, in July 2006.
“In short, the joint venture unambiguously will create a monopoly in the market for medium and heavy launch services for the U.S. government,” he added. “Monopolies almost always lead to higher prices, lower quality and inferior service … Here, the competition that would be lost is significant, and the economic benefits that may materialize are unlikely to trump the transaction's harm to competition.”
Because the DoD was concerned about being left with only one company capable of launching satellites it deems essential to military operations, the FTC “concluded the ULA would improve national security and that the unique national security benefits from the joint venture would exceed any anticompetitive harm,” the Washington Post noted of the decision in 2006.
Since 2006, public documents from the Government Accountability Office show ULA has received at least $15 billion in federal funds — and in actuality, the figure may be far higher: “The exact number is difficult to calculate because ULA receives some of its funding through the so-called black budget, the confidential $50 billion-plus budget of the CIA, NSA, National Reconnaissance Office and other agencies.”
That readily available funding might have driven ULA to significantly overestimate costs of carrying out its missions.
“As evidence that we were paying too much to ULA,” explained Frank Kendall, undersecretary of defense for acquisition, technology and logistics, in a statement to Politico, “as soon as there was even the threat of competition, their costs came down quite a bit. And they were obviously motivated at that point in time. Motivation matters. Financial incentives matter.”
Musk's frustration over the DoD's blatant favoritism of ULA came through in an interview with Bloomberg in 2015, cited by Politico, while he was attempting to attain certification for SpaceX.
“ULA has decided that they're afraid to even of an unfair competition,” Musk asserted. “They don't want a fair competition. They don't even want an unfair competition. They want no competition at all … They're afraid that the huge gravy train that they have exclusive access to is now going to be not as big. We're just talking about taking some portion of that.
SpaceX's recently-awarded $83 million Air Force launch contract came in $55 million less than what the Air Force believed it would have spent for the same service from ULA. But the Lockheed-Boeing alliance will still get paid — the company receives an $800 million-per-year “capabilities contract,” whether or not its services are used.
“Do you know of any other federal arrangement with any other defense corporation where you pay them $800 million a year simply to remain in business?” Sen. John McCain asked Kendall at a hearing in January.
Perhaps Elon Musk's innovative venture into the cosmos through SpaceX finally exposes excessive waste so common in the Pentagon's bloated budget — an enormous chunk of which remains unaccounted for. A report last June found the Pentagon has essentially ‘lost track' of around $8.5 trillion — yes, trillion — in taxpayer funded programs granted by Congress, just since 1996. As it turns out, the Pentagon has simply never complied with audits required by the government since that time; but as its fealty to ULA's bloated space contracts shows, taxpayers are getting the shafted at every turn.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's David Shukman on Luzon: ''The sheer quantity of rain is what the authorities are really worried about''
A powerful typhoon is battering the northern Philippines, with at least one person dead, several missing and thousands forced to flee their homes.
Typhoon Koppu made landfall near the town of Casiguran on the island of Luzon on Sunday morning, bringing winds of close to 200km/h (124mph).
The vast weather system toppled trees and power lines, triggering floods and landslides.
Koppu has since weakened but officials fear further flooding.
With the typhoon moving slowly, heavy rain is likely to fall in the same areas for several days.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Typhoon Koppu has brought flooding to the northern Philippines
Image copyright EPA Image caption More than 15,000 people have been forced to evacuate
Image copyright EPA Image caption Soldiers are helping to clear debris from the roads
More than 15,000 people have had to evacuate their homes, with more expected in the coming days.
"I must emphasise that this is just the start. People must remain alert while we try to pick up the pieces in areas already hit," said Alexander Pama, head of the government's main disaster agency, quoted by AFP.
A teenage boy was killed and four other people injured in Manila, when a tree toppled onto houses.
Rescuers saw two bodies floating in floodwater in northern Nueva Ecija, one of the worst-hit states, but it has not been confirmed if they died because of the typhoon.
Flights and ferry services in the north have been cancelled and some bus services in mountain areas suspended due to the threat of landslides.
On Friday, President Benigno Aquino made a televised warning, the first time he had done so since Super Typhoon Haiyan in 2013, which killed more than 6,300 people.
BBC science editor David Shukman, who is in the capital Manila, says public warning systems have been greatly improved since Typhoon Haiyan, so there is a much better chance of keeping people safe.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Northern Luzon resident Damon Simms: ''I've had to batten down the hatches''
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption This powerful storm has hit the Philippines bringing damaging winds and huge waves; but it's the rainfall which could bring the most problems, as Helen Willetts explains.
Typhoon Koppu, also known as Lando, is up to 650 km (404 miles) across.
Speaking in Manila, Lotta Sylwander of Unicef told the BBC that people in the worst hit areas needed to be able to sustain themselves for up to 72 hours.
"That's how long the typhoon is going to take to pass and during that time it's going to be extremely difficult to come in with any kind of transport," she said.
"We're hoping that people really did prepare and have enough food and water at home."
Why is Koppu slow-moving? Chris Fawkes, BBC Weather Centre, explains:
There are two typhoons in the west Pacific at the moment - Typhoon Champi sits just to the east of Koppu.
The complex interaction between these two typhoons and the warm air within these storms helps to build a ridge of high pressure over Taiwan this weekend. It is this ridge that effectively traps typhoon Koppu over the Philippines for a number of days rather than it being able to turn away from the Philippines and out of harm's way to the South China Sea.
Some computer models suggest the storm system will still be affecting the Philippines into the middle of next week allowing colossal amounts of rain to accumulate - 1m (39in) of rain is possible. Such extreme rainfall would bring some severe flooding to Luzon.
"Terrible night of wind and rain," said Paul Andrew Wysthoff in Pantabangan, Nueva Ecija state.
"No power anywhere in Nueva Ecija. Nothing to see beyond the windows but pitch blackness," he told the BBC in an email.
In his televised appeal on Friday, President Aquino urged the estimated six million people in the typhoon's direct path to listen to government warnings and be ready to evacuate their homes if necessary.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The typhoon whipped up coastal surges
Image copyright EPA Image caption But this bride's wedding still went ahead
He said aid agencies had already distributed emergency supplies to evacuation centres.
"Your government is here to help us achieve zero casualties," Mr Aquino said.
Meanwhile, the Philippine military in northern Luzon has been placed on alert for disaster operations.
Typhoon Koppu is not due to leave the Philippines until Tuesday, when it will be heading towards Taiwan.
With all the clamor regarding Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, the hard-fork and BTC and BCC price fluctuations pouring in day after day, investors and enthusiasts alike sidelined Ethereum in this past month. However, everybody's attention was diverted back to Ethereum recently with the Ethereum Developer team releasing word that the Metropolis hard-fork is set to occur in
With all the clamor regarding Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, the hard-fork and BTC and BCC price fluctuations pouring in day after day, investors and enthusiasts alike sidelined Ethereum in this past month. However, everybody's attention was diverted back to Ethereum recently with the Ethereum Developer team releasing word that the Metropolis hard-fork is set to occur in late September of this year.
In an interview with ETHNews, Hudson Jameson from the Ethereum foundation stated that in three to six months, a new version of Ethereum, called Metropolis, will be released. With this update, the foundation plans on enabling smart contracts that can settle fees autonomously, without receiving manual approvals from users.
The hard-fork is highly awaited, ever since the Ethereum road map for 2017 was released earlier this year. The plan had indicated that the coming release would contain some major upgrades for the platform. With the developers calling Metropolis the next milestone release for the Ethereum Platform, people active in the ETH world are anxiously anticipating the activation of this hard fork.
What Is The Metropolis Hard Fork?
The ultimate goal of the Ethereum Foundation for 2017 is to follow the vision of Ethereum's founder Vitalik Buterin and make Ethereum move from a proof of work to a proof of stake protocol. The Metropolis hard-fork is one-half of the transition process from PoW to PoS.
It is evident that Metropolis will bring some aspects to Ethereum the community has requested for a while now. Addressing scalability, safety, and privacy are of the utmost priority for the Metropolis team and this has been made clear with the update. So the new hard fork should enable some significant upgrades to the Ethereum ecosystem, improving the overall outlook of the platform in the following ways –
Members can rely on their anonymity being increased that will come with the new ‘zk-SNARKs,' or Zero-knowledge proofs. Users will be able to perform anonymous transactions at higher levels than in the past. For implementing the same, Ethereum Chief Developer Buterin and Wilcox are working in close proximity to Zcash.
Programming and smart contracts will be made far easier with the new upgrade, relieving some of the pressure on current programmers. Gas will also be adjusted for bill settling. The Ethereum protocol will also be simplified, allowing novice users to get a more hands-on approach with this technology. Also given that not all users want to run a full wallet, some just prefer a solution that synchronizes with the blockchain immediately – Metropolis plans to make such light clients more secure, or will at least try to do so once the hard fork goes live.
Masking, for security enthusiasts, will allow users to determine the address for which they have a private key. This will increase security on the network, even against quantum computer hacking.
The upgrade includes a ‘Difficulty-Bomb' intended to make mining exponentially more difficult. The bomb is designed to be an intermediate step in the transition from proof-of-work (PoW) to proof-of-stake (PoS) on the network. That is, assuming the proof-of-work mining difficulty bomb can be addressed by the developers. This has often been referred to as the ‘Ethereum Ice Age.' This particular feature makes it impossible to mine transactions over time, effectively forcing the switch to a new algorithm. However, due to the DAO hard fork implementation, this time bomb is ticking a lot faster than originally planned.
All of this makes the switch to Metropolis even more important than before.
What Lies Ahead?
The developers hope that with the release of Metropolis, an increase in developments within the Ethereum ecosystem and the number of large-scale businesses joining the platform to work on DAPPs surpasses their expectations. Given that companies like IBM and other organizations within the Linux-led Hyperledger Foundation are already working on Ethereum-based projects like the Hyperledger Fabric, the Ethereum Foundation is looking forward to some major progress in the Ethereum network as well as its development community. It still remains clouded whether the upgrade will cause prices to increase or decrease, but a general pattern goes: as mining slows, prices fall. However, the upgrades should increase
While it still remains unclear whether the upgrade will cause prices to increase or decrease, general pattern dictates that as mining slows, prices fall. However, the upgrades should increase the number of users on the system overall, causing the price to rise.
Regardless, Metropolis is the penultimate stop on the road map – Serenity, the next upgrade, is expected to produce an increase in stability, leading to greater investment and price support.
In fact, according to Jameson, “…this transition will be made in the update from Metropolis to Serenity. The switch of protocols will greatly impact and alter the Ethereum network in terms of mining and efficiency of the network itself.”
For decades, scientists thought an excess of something special, a substance called royal jelly, elevated a regular honey bee larva to a queen. New research suggests we had it backward: It's what future queens aren't fed that matters.
Royal jelly, which also is called "bee milk," looks like white snot. More than half of it is water, the rest is a combination of proteins and sugars. Special glands in the heads of worker bees secrete the stuff, which gets fed to babies.
A developing queen bee is fed royal jelly exclusively—not pollen and honey like her proletarian sisters. Some describe withholding royal jelly from worker bees as nutritional castration. These bees don't get the special Food of the Gods. Or, perhaps, food of genetic monarchies. And so, we thought, their ovaries shrivel, and they don't become a queen.
It turns out, it's the other way around. Not feeding an immature queen pollen and honey is what makes her royal, not her exclusive access to royal jelly.
Queens and Genes
Radically different looking animals can be created from identical genetic material; a worker bee and a queen bee differ only in which genes are activated. Genes make proteins, which build the rest of our bodies. By manipulating the environment of their offspring, honey bees genetically alter their bodies via nutrition.
We've known for a while that bees' diet is involved in building different kinds of bee bodies. Science is still figuring out just how that happens. Queen larvae are surrounded by royal jelly; they float on a sea of sugary bee gland snot in enlarged cells. Worker bees eat beebread (a type of fermented pollen) and honey. Nurse bees mash this into a "worker jelly" and add glandular secretions as a garnish. Workers don't get the special stuff in queen jelly, and their ovaries shrivel.
That's the conventional explanation. But Dr. May Berenbaum, a professor at University of Illinois and an author of the new research, says there isn't a simple answer to the question What do bee babies eat?
"We had the hardest time figuring out what larvae eat," she says. "Among other things, worker jelly and royal jelly appear to have, and there is no consensus, a slightly different ratio of mandibular to hypopharyngeal gland secretion … It all happens in the dark surrounded by 50,000 stingers. So it isn't the easiest insect in the world to work on."
Beebread and honey are derived from plant materials, and like many plant materials, they contain a variety of phenolic chemicals. We eat them all the time; flavonoids are the plant chemicals that give plants their unique flavors (and help plants discourage plant-eating insects, among other functions).
Royal jelly, however, has no detectable phenolic acids. None. From previous research, the researchers knew that flavonoids increase immune responses of adult worker bees. That's a good thing; it has the side effect of helping bees detoxify pesticides faster. The scientists wondered how developing bees would react to phenolic compounds.
To find out, they fed two groups of bee larvae diets with and without p-coumaric acid, a common type of flavonoid. Then they looked closely at differences in gene activation between the groups. The results were startling, unexpected, and nifty.
It all happens in the dark surrounded by 50,000 stingers. So it isn't the easiest insect in the world to work on. May Berenbaum
Bees reared on the p-coumaric acid diet had ovaries significantly smaller than those reared without that compound. That's the kicker, because what makes a queen bee a queen? She's the only bee in the hive laying eggs. Fourteen genes known to be involved in worker-queen differentiation were upregulated, or increased in expression.
Apis mellifera, Queen Honey Bee. Frank Greenaway/Getty Images
Queen bees also are bigger and live longer than worker bees. In one set of genes known to regulate organ size in animals, p-coumaric acid significantly changed the expression of over half of genes involved in that signaling pathway.
"We never set out to change perceptions on queens and caste determination," says Berenbaum. "I'm interested in detoxification; how insects cope with phytochemicals they consume. Much to our surprise and delight, a whole suite of other genes that were implicated in caste determination changed."
"It was one of those impossible to miss sorts of phenomena. I think … the idea of royal jelly is so appealing, people haven't really questioned it."
The Silencing of the Genes
With over four centuries of living with bees, why are humans still learning so much about them? To answer that question, I reached out to Dr. Ryszard Maleszka at Australian National University. Maleszka, who is not an author of the new research, works specifically on honey bee epigenetics.
Epigenetics is the study of how environments affect gene expression. "With our current knowledge we only scratch the surface of biological systems, and honey bee biology is no exception," Maleszka says. "We are dealing with 500 million years of animal evolution so there is much to discover."
"[This research] is a wonderful example of an evolutionary invention whereby common plant chemicals have been recruited to be crucial elements of gene regulation … By using environmental ingredients honey bees found a clever solution to a challenging problem: How to generate two contrasting organisms, long-lived reproductive queens and short-lived functionally sterile workers, using the same genetic hardware."
Lots of factors go into making a queen beyond the plant chemicals examined in the new research: A compound with the wonderful name of royalactin, for example, has been proposed as critical to queen development. Maleszka has delivered a stinging rebuke to the idea that a single compound in royal jelly is the "switch" that makes a queen, though. In 2008, his lab was able to create queen bees without any royal jelly consumption, by turning off (silencing) a set of genes. Other bee researchers have questioned the "one molecule to rule them all" idea of queen development. The reality is likely that, like everything else in biology, it's complex and many factors are involved.
The real power of this new research may be in explaining why worker bees don't become queens. Instead of chemical castration by denying workers royal jelly, this elaborate feeding process provides chemical protection for the queen's ovaries. She is sheltered from the potential toxic or metabolic effects of plant chemicals. As we continue to improve our techniques, hopefully we will come closer to a firm answer about just what honey bees eat in their hives, and why.
Postscript: Um, Why Are Humans Eating Royal Jelly?
When we thought royal jelly was magic queen stuff, stealing and eating phlegm produced in insect heads made a kind of warped sense. Royal jelly proponents claim the stuff cures all sorts of human problems, infertility in particular. By deduction, the stuff that makes queen bees baby machines, laying up to 2,000 eggs a day, should increase human fertility. I am compelled to say this is not how scientists deduce cause and effect.
Royal jelly also is sold as an aphrodisiac, and like most erotic insect products, it's applied with "vigorous rubbing." That makes it hard to say just how firm evidence for this erectile remedy really is. Also, actual honey bee reproduction involves penis detachment and death, which doesn't sound like a good time to me, if we are sticking with that whole "what works for a bee will work for humans" analogy.
Royal jelly does have antibacterial and antifungal properties, since it's the gunk developing bees float in until they metamorphose. It's marketed in many cosmetics as an anti-aging ingredient; queen bees live 40 times longer than worker bees. So far, there isn't much evidence of royal jelly having medical significance in humans. It's probably a good moisturizer, though. Especially if you don't think about where it comes from.
My best guess is that about 600 tons of royal jelly is produced and sold yearly; East Asia is the main producer. Prices vary widely, but based on a trip to my local health food store, seems to run about $1 per gram. The market value of royal jelly is based on what we thought we knew about its magical properties; that doesn't seem likely to change in the foreseeable future.
But now you can have a lot of fun telling people where their royal bee goobers came from.
Wenfu Mao, Mary A. Schuler, and May R. Berenbaum. 2015. A dietary phytochemical alters caste-associated gene expression in honey bees. Science Advances 1(7).
Winnipeg police are on the hunt for suspects after two family homes in Luxton were set ablaze in recent days.
Emergency crews went to a home on Polson Avenue on June 21 after reports of a fire. On Monday, firefighters again responded to an arson call, this time just a few blocks away at Judy Wasylycia-Leis' home on Bannerman Avenue.
"It was a bit shocking," said Wasylycia-Leis, a former Winnipeg mayoral candidate, NDP member of Parliament and cabinet minister for then-Manitoba premier Howard Pawley in the 1980s.
Wasylycia-Leis' son, Joe Wasylycia-Leis, awoke at about 1 a.m. CT to see flames outside the front door, not far from his bedroom.
"I saw large orange flames lapping at the window and could hear a sort of 'Woosh, woosh' sound — knew it was a fire," he said, adding he expected the first floor of the home to be on fire from the "fire bomb."
"He said, 'Get up! Get up!'" Judy Wasylycia-Leis said. "I thought he was having a nightmare, but we came downstairs and saw the flames."
Joe Wasylycia-Leis and his father used a garden hose to douse the flames that were "mounting up the side of the house," along an overhang above the front door and through a couple of bushes.
Judy Wasylycia-Leis' son Joe yelled upstairs and woke his parents up early Monday morning during the fire. (Erin Brohman/CBC)
"Really thankful that I woke up and was able to get out there, because it could've gone south pretty quickly," he said.
Judy Wasylycia-Leis initially suspected the source of the fire was a gas leak of some kind, but she said police found broken beer bottles and rags at the scene, suggesting someone threw Molotov cocktails at their home.
"I had no idea it would be a crime of this nature," said Wasylycia-Leis, adding she thinks the attack was random. "We're very, very grateful that there was nothing more than some minor exterior damage."
Both fires were started intentionally in the early morning, Winnipeg police Const. Rob Carver said. Neither home was seriously damaged.
It isn't known whether anyone was injured in the other fire.
The Winnipeg police major crimes unit continues to investigate.
Article body copy
The little porpoise seemed perfect. She had been lifted from the ocean onto a boat, but her breathing and heart rate were regular. She was plump and well over a meter long. She looked old enough and healthy enough to bear young. When Lorenzo Rojas-Bracho joined the veterinarians alongside her around dusk on November 4, he bent to peer into her face. “It was one of the most beautiful sensations of my life,” he remembers. “Finally, I can see those beautiful eyes.”
At last, he thought, he was looking at a glimmer of hope in the otherwise grim future of the vaquita marina—the little cow of the sea—the world's smallest and rarest cetacean.
Rojas-Bracho, a marine mammal expert at Mexico's National Institute of Ecology and Climate Change, has studied the vaquita since the early 1990s. In that time, the species, found exclusively in Mexico's Upper Gulf of California, has plunged from just under 600 individuals to fewer than 30. They are the unintended victims of fishers setting gill nets for shrimp and other creatures, and of poachers illegally netting a fish called the totoaba for their swim bladder, a product worth thousands of US dollars on the Chinese black market.
Vaquitas are famously elusive and shun the noise of boats. Rojas-Bracho, like others who study them, learned much of what he knows about the vaquita from a great distance, or by examining carcasses found adrift at sea or washed up on the beach.
Now here was a living one, the first adult caught during a desperate, meticulously planned effort to stave off the species' extinction.
Government authorities, scientists, conservationists, and others have spent decades trying to slow the species' decline. Gill net bans, alternative fishing gear programs, and a Herculean enforcement effort against poaching have so far failed.
So starting on October 12, 2017, nearly 70 leading cetacean biologists, veterinarians, and other experts from nine countries gathered in San Felipe, Baja California, under the leadership of Rojas-Bracho and Mexico's environment ministry for a last-ditch effort they called VaquitaCPR. They wanted to catch what vaquitas they could, safeguard them in an in-sea sanctuary and, if they tolerated care, eventually begin a captive breeding program. The plan was risky and controversial, yet it appeared to be the only way to buy the porpoise time.
In the first few days, the team could hardly believe their luck. Reports delivered by acoustic monitoring experts, who tracked vaquitas by their calls with remote sensor data retrieved daily by local fishermen, helped guide spotters with giant binoculars toward several fat and healthy-looking vaquitas. Then, about a week in, the team managed to corral a juvenile into a net. Veterinarians monitored the young vaquita carefully for signs of capture myopathy—stress that could lead to her sudden death, as can happen with some other dolphins and porpoises.
“These are species which have no concept at all in their world of a barrier, or of being restrained or handled,” says Grant Abel, a marine mammal care expert based in Hong Kong and part of the core VaquitaCPR management team.
The young vaquita did not take well to a specially designed offshore enclosure. She swam in circles and kept bumping into handlers there to guide her away from the taut netting of the pen's walls. After four hours in the team's care without a change, they released her. They hoped an adult would handle the circumstances better.
But catching another vaquita was not so easy as the first had been. The weather turned, with unseasonable winds kicking up lumpy seas that made a diminutive vaquita's 20-centimeter-tall dorsal fin impossible to spot. Some days the team had narrow windows of calm in the morning and afternoon to survey the sea. Other days they had none. The researchers also quickly realized that vaquitas are exceptional escape artists.
“If you kill 95 percent of the population, the five percent that's left is probably not random,” says Barbara Taylor, a geneticist with the US Southwest Fisheries Science Center who coordinated catch efforts from a converted Bering Sea crab boat. Those that remained were likely more adept at avoiding the nets that fishermen and poachers set throughout their home. Now, they dove more than nine meters below those placed by would-be rescuers, or swam easily around them.
A group of Danish scientists with years of experience catching and tagging harbor porpoises modified the capture strategy, and then modified it again. One day, the team hoped to set their nets far ahead of a group of vaquitas that was swimming in a consistent direction. If they then tailed the animals slowly by boat, they figured, they could surprise the vaquitas as they neared the nets and force them into the trap.
But the vaquitas had other ideas. They milled around, swimming randomly rather than setting any particular course. “It was one of the most impressive displays of vaquita craftiness,” says Taylor. The rescuers had surrounded the group in eight boats and could see their targets clearly. “And they disappeared,” she says. “It was just jaw dropping.”
“They really deserve their reputation of being fantasmas,” Taylor says. “You know, ghosts.”
Too soon, the project wound into its final week. At dawn on November 4, Rojas-Bracho noted a full silver moon setting alongside the rising sun. He took it as an auspicious sign. If they were going to catch vaquitas, it needed to happen now.
There were just a couple of days of good weather left in the forecast before the team disbanded. Their next chance wouldn't be until spring, when it would be too risky to catch vaquita females—crucial to the planned captive breeding program—because they would be nursing new calves. And in between loomed totoaba poaching season; no one was sure the vaquitas would survive it.
And then, miraculously, the team caught an adult female in the late afternoon. She hadn't spun or struggled in the net. Three veterinarians kept tabs on the animal in a special foam-bottomed box aboard the transport boat, wetting her with seawater.
Once she was in the enclosure, she seemed to grasp her environment quickly, says Frances Gulland, the lead VaquitaCPR veterinarian and a member of the US Marine Mammal Commission. She made swift, graceful corrections as she navigated the pen's walls, “a bit like an Olympic swimmer doing turns in a swimming pool.” Soon she slowed as if she was calming down.
And then, abruptly, slow turned to sluggish, and sluggish to limp. The team immediately released her, but her swimming became erratic. She sped away from the pen at the water's surface, and then turned and sped back. A few people threw themselves into the water, hoping to cushion her collision with the pen's wall. When they caught her in their hands, she stopped breathing.
For three hours, five veterinarians worked to revive her. Twice, they coaxed her to breathe and lost her again. At 10:20 p.m., they finally stepped back. Rojas-Bracho looked up and noticed the moon had risen again. It was red.
Back onshore, soaking and devastated, the crew walked into the embraces of their colleagues and wept. Gulland and others turned to the necropsy, hoping to determine what had happened. They also saved tissues that may be of use in any future effort to understand or save the species.
Despite the scientists' best attempts to learn her story in life, here they found themselves discerning, again, all they could about her from her death. The most painful insight: perhaps vaquitas will not tolerate captivity at all.
The next morning, the group decided to end the capture program. The team would instead spend their final days taking pictures for visual identification of individual vaquitas and continuing acoustic monitoring of the population. The species' future now hangs entirely on efforts to end illegal gill net fishing. Still, says Rojas-Bracho, “hope is the last thing you lose.”
Scientists always recognized the risk of losing a vaquita. “This was an effort to save some animals that hasn't worked as currently designed,” says Gulland. “But if we didn't try this option, and the species went extinct, we would have asked ourselves why we didn't try.”
According to Jewish mythology, Lilith was Adam's wife before Eve. Over the centuries she also became known as a succubus demon who copulated with men during their sleep and strangled newborn babies. In recent years the feminist movement has reclaimed her character by re-interpreting the patriarchal texts that portray her as a dangerous female demon in a more positive light.
This article discusses the character of Lilith in the Bible, Talmud, and Midrash. You can also learn about Lilith in Medieval and feminist writings.
Lilith in the Bible
The legend of Lilith has its roots in the biblical book of Genesis, where two contradictory versions of Creation eventually led to the concept of a “first Eve.”
The first Creation account appears in Genesis 1 and describes the simultaneous creation of both male and female human beings after all of the plants and animals have already been placed in the Garden of Eden. In this version, man and woman are portrayed as equals and are both the pinnacle of God's Creation.
The second Creation story appears in Genesis 2. Here man is created first and placed in the Garden of Eden to tend it. When God sees that he is lonely all the animals are made as possible companions for him. Finally, the first woman (Eve) is created after Adam rejects all of the animals as partners. Hence, in this account man is created first and woman is created last.
These obvious contradictions presented a problem for the ancient rabbis who believed that the Torah was the written word of God and therefore it could not contradict itself. They, therefore, interpreted Genesis 1 so that it did not contradict Genesis 2, coming up with ideas such as the androgyne and a "First Eve" in the process. According to the theory of a "First Eve," Genesis 1 refers to Adam's first wife, while Genesis 2 refers to Eve, who was Adam's second wife.
Eventually this idea of a “First Eve” was combined with legends of female “lillu” demons, who were believed to stalk men in their sleep and prey upon women and children. However, the only explicit reference to a “Lilith” in the Bible appears in Isaiah 34:14, which reads: “The wild cat shall meet with the jackals, and the satyr shall cry to his fellow, yea, Lilith shall repose there and find her a place of rest.”
Lilith in the Talmud and in Midrash
Lilith is mentioned four times in the Babylonian Talmud, though in each of these cases she is not referred to as Adam's wife. BT Niddah 24b discusses her in relation to abnormal fetuses and uncleanness, saying: “If an abortion had the likeness of Lilith its mother is unclean by reason of the birth, for it is a child, but it has wings.” Here we learn that the rabbis believed Lilith had wings and that she could influence the outcome of a pregnancy.
BT Shabbat 151b also discusses Lilith, warning that a man should not sleep alone in a house lest Lilith fall upon him in his sleep. According to this and other texts, Lilith is a female succubus not unlike the lillu demons referenced above. The rabbis believed she was responsible for nocturnal emissions while a man was sleeping and that Lilith used the semen she collected to give birth to hundreds of demon babies. Lilith also appears in Baba Batra 73a-b, where a sighting of her son is described, and in Erubin 100b, where the rabbis discuss Lilith's long hair in relation to Eve.
Glimpses of Lilith's eventual association with the “First Eve” can be seen in Genesis Rabbah 18:4, a collection of midrashim about the book of Genesis. Here the rabbis describe the “First Eve” as a “golden bell” that troubles them in the night. “'A golden bell'… it is she who troubled me all night...Why do not all other dreams exhaust a man, yet this [a dream of intimacy takes place] does exhaust a man. Because from the very beginning of her creation she was but in a dream.”
Over the centuries the association between the “First Eve” and Lilith led to Lilith's assuming the role of Adam's first wife in Jewish folklore.
Sources:
Connecticut law allowing gun removal likely prevented suicides
Courtesy of the study Courtesy of the study Photo: Courtesy Of Study For Criminal Justice Policy Advisory Commission Photo: Courtesy Of Study For Criminal Justice Policy Advisory Commission Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Connecticut law allowing gun removal likely prevented suicides 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
According to a study by researchers at Duke, Yale, and the University of Connecticut, dozens of suicides have likely been prevented by a law that was passed following the mass shooting at the Connecticut Lottery in 1998 allowing police to temporarily remove guns from potentially violent or suicidal people.
Researchers, who were to present their review of 762 gun-removal cases to the Criminal Justice Policy Advisory Commission Thursday, calculated that for every 10 to 20 instances of temporary gun seizures, one suicide was prevented.
“Ten to 20 gun removals to save one life — is that high or is that low?” Jeffrey Swanson, professor in psychiatry and behavioral sciences at the Duke University School of Medicine, said. “That may be for the policymakers to decide. But we'd like to put this information in the hands of the policymakers so they know what's hanging in the balance of risk and rights when it comes to preventing gun violence.”
Over half of the suicides in the U.S. are completed with guns, and many of those guns are legally obtained. And a “substantial proportion of those at risk for committing violent crimes with guns do not have a record that would prohibit them from purchasing or possessing firearms,” according to the study that will be published in the journal Law and Contemporary Problems.
The Connecticut legislation enacted in 1999 allows officials to remove firearms for up to a year from any person a court finds to be at high-risk of violence or self-harm. Since then, Indiana and California have enacted similar risk-based gun removal laws.
Read more.
Terry Branstad launched a new campaign ad on Tuesday. Like his previous commercials, the “Big Bad Debt” spot strings together a bunch of numbers (some of them wrong) to create the false impression that Iowa's in bad fiscal shape.
The commercial invites a lot of tough questions journalists could be asking the Branstad campaign, such as:
Why do you keep claiming Iowa has a $1 billion budget deficit when the state budget is balanced?
Why do you keep citing months-old warnings about Iowa's “budget cliff” when the latest revenue collections were stronger than projected, and the ending balance for fiscal year 2010 will be much larger than expected?
Why are you still using inflated estimates for the I-JOBS repayment costs, when you know the bonds were sold at lower interest rates more than a year ago?
You keep attacking $2.5 billion in “overspending,” alluding to federal stimulus money and funding from the state reserves. How would you balance the state budget without accepting any federal stimulus money or using state reserve funds?
Why are you making the I-JOBS borrowing the centerpiece of your case against Culver when Branstad also borrowed to fund infrastructure projects when he was governor, and sometimes had to borrow money to address the state's cash-flow problems?
Why are you bragging about New Jersey Governor Chris Christie's upcoming Iowa visit when Christie presided over more state borrowing in his first year than Culver has in his whole term?
The ad is after the jump, along with the kind of scrutiny Iowa's media should be providing.
Transcript provided by the Branstad campaign:
Chorus: Big Debt -Mmmmmm mmmmm Anncr: Here in Iowa, we call our Governor Chet
Said he gives us jobs but what we got was big debt. Chorus: Big Debt – Big bad Debt. Anncr: His I job plan's more than a Billion in cost.
While thousands of Iowans have jobs that are lost.
And Ole' Chet's spent a couple BILLION more'n he's taken in
Pushin' property taxes so high it's a sin Chorus: Big debt. Anncr: That's all we get from old Governor Chet – (big debt. ) Chorus: Big bad debt.
The whole concept of this ad is misleading, because even with I-JOBS, Iowa's debt load is quite low by national standards. As for many of the specific claims, I get tired of repeating myself when it comes to Branstad's lies about the “budget deficit” and other things. The Culver campaign released a detailed fact-check on September 7, refuting several claims that appear on screen but don't show up in the transcript:
Fact Checks on “Big, Bad Debt” The new Branstad ad is a parody of the Jimmy Dean classic “Big, Bad John.” The song is about a big, strong man who is less than perfect but who gives his all to protect his fellow miners against a mine cave-in. Chet Culver is a big, strong man, who while not getting everything right, has given his all to protect his fellow Iowans against the worst economic recession since the Great Depression and the worst natural disaster in our state's history. The ad is also filled with statistics that media fact-checkers have already labeled as “misleading” and “misrepresentations.” Further, Branstad shows his true colors in this ad: He is opposed to aiding flood victims, rebuilding the state's roads and bridges and other infrastructure, protecting vital services like education. If Branstad believes the state spent $2.5 billion too much, he should state with specificity what $2.5 billion he would have cut. Then, the people of Iowa can decide. CLAIM #1: “Vaudt: Iowa on Budget Cliff Reporter 4/23/10” FACT #1: Dave Vaudt's claim is based on his theory that Iowa should reject one-time funding such as assistance from the federal government and not use its rainy day funds, which were explicitly created for this purpose. The fact is the budget has been balanced each and every day Chet Culver has been Governor. Unlike Terry Branstad, Chet Culver has always closed any and all so-called projected budget gaps. Terry Branstad ran deficits for at least twelve of the years he was Governor. CLAIM #2: “Iowa Deficit = $1 billion Iowapolitics.com 4/23/10” FACT #2: Unlike when Terry Branstad was Governor, Iowa does not have a deficit and never had under Chet Culver's leadership. Also, the citation here is misleading. It's not to a story by Iowapolitics.com but instead to a press release from Republican Senate Leader Paul McKinley and State Auditor David Vaudt. Hardly non-partisan sources. CLAIM #3: “Big, Bad Debt” FACT #3: Chet Culver has invested in Iowa's infrastructure in order to lay the groundwork for long-term economic growth and help flood impacted communities recover today. Businesses choose to locate where they can be protected from floods, are served by rapid emergency response, are served by high-quality transportation links, and their employees are offered quality-of-life attractions. In contrast, Terry Branstad is the one with big, bad debt: $4.3 billion of it, more than $3 billion of it to paper over illegal deficits. CLAIM #4: “I-Jobs $1.7 billion – LSA” FACT #4: The figure he is citing is an old estimate and is misleading. I-JOBS will cost about $1.1 billion because unlike Branstad, Governor Culver earned a triple-A bond rating with the resulting low interest rates. More importantly, it will help Iowa's communities grow in the long-term. Branstad also fails to acknowledge that I-JOBS will help Iowa avoid rising construction costs. CLAIM #5: “Over 50,000 unemployed since 2007. – Iowa Workforce Development July 2010” FACT #5: Every single state in the nation has lost jobs during that time due to the Bush Recession. What Branstad fails to point out is that Iowa has the ninth lowest unemployment in the nation. CLAIM #6: “Tax Bill: Overspent $2.5 billion – State Auditor Vaudt” FACT #6: Chet Culver didn't overspend anything. This number counts rainy day fund spending, which was created to help the state during economic downturns, federal Recovery Act funds that were also passed for this purpose, and reserve account spending to assist flood victims. Vaudt is not a credible source. Iowa's budget has been balanced every day Chet Culver has been Governor. The teachers, the flood victims, and others that were saved don't characterize this as overspending. They would say it is necessary and vital. CLAIM #7: “Property Tax Hike: $500 million – DMR 1/20/10” FACT #7: The article Branstad cites doesn't say anything about a $500 million property tax hike. It's a claim he's never been able to substantiate. CLAIM #8: “State budget gap, 10th worst in the nation. – CNBC.com” FACT #8: This is again referring to outdated information relating to projected FY 2011 budget gaps. Governor Culver closed this gap and balanced the fiscal year 2011 budget. This is something Terry Branstad couldn't do for at least twelve of his years as Governor. Branstad knows this is all false.
As I noted near the top of this post, the “big bad debt” commercials gives journalists a lot of angles to question Branstad and his campaign staff. Why is he still citing I-JOBS cost estimates from early 2009 and budget gap estimates from fall 2009 instead of more recent data reflecting Iowa's real fiscal condition? The state legislature accounted for the projected budget gap during the 2010 legislative session and made the necessary adjustments to balance the current-year budget.
Branstad borrowed $335 Million in 1992 just to meet the state's ongoing spending obligations. Iowa literally had nothing to show for that borrowing but interest payments. In contrast, 100 percent of Culver's borrowing has gone toward capital investments that will benefit many Iowa communities in the long-term.
If any journalist has asked Branstad those or other tough questions this week, I haven't seen it. Mostly I saw straight reports describing the new Branstad ad. Kathie Obradovich analyzed the commercial somewhat, pondering whether the spot is really a dig at Culver's weight. But look at how she avoided dealing with one of the lies in the ad:
My guess is that he was referring to Branstad's new ad, which at one point refers to Culver as “Big Debt Chet.” I had assumed the “big” referred to “debt.” But Culver maybe would rather embrace “big” to describe himself than the state debt. He argues that Branstad is using an outdated figure for the I-JOBS bonding – it's really only about $1 billion instead of $1.7 billion because interest rates were lower than projected. Hoo boy. Just what we need is a debate over who is name-calling. Well, I'll go along with Culver on one point: He'd be lucky to have the votes of all Iowans who need to lose a few pounds. He's finally found the silver lining to the state's obesity rate.
Are you kidding me? The political columnist for the Des Moines Register says the real debate here is who is name-calling? It's not Culver arguing that Branstad is using an outdated figure–the bonds were sold more than a year ago. It's indisputable: Branstad is using numbers he knows to be false in his own commercials.
This reminds me of last summer, when a different gubernatorial candidate lied about I-JOBS supposedly being used to pay the state's bills. That false claim got the full “he said, she said” treatment at IowaPolitics.com instead of the fact-checking it deserved.
Not being a mind-reader, I have no idea why journalists covering the Iowa governor's race are not holding Branstad accountable for the claims in his own advertising. They could be too busy or lazy. Maybe they think fact-checking isn't an interesting hook for a story. Perhaps they fear being accused of the dreaded “liberal bias,” or losing access to powerful sources if Branstad wins the November election.
Whatever the reason, it's inexcusable to let the Branstad campaign keep misleading the public.
UPDATE: Good grief, the Register's political reporter Thomas Beaumont found the time to write a blog post about Branstad saying “IUDs” at a campaign stop, when he meant to say “IEDs.” Who cares?
The same day that happened, Branstad's campaign was shouting to the world that New Jersey Governor Chris Christie will headline a fundraiser for Branstad next month. New Jersey is is in the top five states for per capita debt load, while Iowa is near the bottom. Christie signed off on a huge state bond issue this spring; around $500 million will be used to build schools, and a whopping $665 million will cover “debt payments pushed into the future.” Instead of writing about Branstad's slip of the tongue, Beaumont should ask Mr. “pay as you go” why he would tout Christie's leadership while his commercials slam Culver's “big bad debt.”
UPDATE: Kudos to political cartoonist Brian Duffy for his animated take on the Branstad commercial, which you can view on the KCCI website. Last line: “This ad was paid for by ‘Two Books' Terry for governor campaign.”
Yesterday we posted Rick Moody's introduction to Genoa: A Telling of Wonders, a searching 1965 novel by Paul Metcalf in which he grapples with the influence of his great-grandfather, who so happened to be Herman Melville.
Metcalf makes liberal use of Melville throughout the novel, often quoting his work for paragraphs or pages at a stretch. He also inserts his own asides, and one of these in particular I've found striking. “I think, for a moment,” he writes,
of Maria Melville, Herman Melville's mother, who, it is reliably reported, would require her eight children to sit on little stools around her bed, motionless, while she took her daily nap, that she might keep track of them.
I just about fell out of my chair when I read this. Think, if it's true, of the remarkable fortitude required of both parties: of Maria, who cut such an imposing matriarchal figure that she was able to coerce eight children into doing her bidding even when she was asleep, and of the kids, who were able to sit together with enough stillness and silence that their mother never woke from her slumber. Whether these were twenty-minute forerunners of the power nap or long, REM -laden getaways remains to be seen. Either way, I'm impressed.
I'm also skeptical. I haven't been able to verify the story anywhere, not even with several minutes of sustained Googling. Genoa appears to be its only source. You could shrug it off, easily enough, as apocrypha—but Metcalf went out of his way to insert that “it is reliably reported,” a frustratingly passive construction. Yes, as a direct descendent of Melville, he's credible, and his account, in its specificity, feels believable, too, right down to the detail of the “little stools.” (Were these on hand for just this occasion?) But we're too late for any lapel grabbing or information pumping: Metcalf died in 1999.
Melville scholars seem to agree that Maria was something of a martinet. Edwin Haviland Miller described her as “imprisoned in her egomaniacal world”; Clare Spark wrote that “she was the voice of authority, she held the rod, she relentlessly criticized her children”; and Paul McCarthy calls her “quietly aggressive and purposeful … As a mother, Maria was devoted and caring, but she was also strict and sometimes coercive.” He cites the napping scheme, unattributed, as evidence of her iron fist. It was especially cruel, he adds, because the Melvilles kept a maid who could easily have cared for the children during naptime.
“She was certainly, in a guileless way, ambitious socially” Newton Arvin writes in his Herman Melville:
She does not fail to note in a letter that they have moved to the “Fashionable side” of Broadway, or in another letter that some oysters she has pickled are not only excellent in flavor but “the same which some of our Stylish Neighbors in Bond Street gave at a large party of Fashionables.” Life in Albany in her girlhood had accustomed Maria Melville to taking for granted the most distinguished associations within reach, and the more metropolitan, more cosmopolitan New York of the ‘twenties may have caused her some throes of disappointment, even of hurt pride. “Fashionables I am affraid [sic] have no hearts,” she remarks … In the long run the ambitious and commanding side of Maria Melville's nature was to gain the upper hand.
Much of this squares with the image of a woman who would have her children gather punctiliously at her bedside every day—especially when Arvin adds that the siblings' affection for one another “ran too deep and [was], if anything, too intense.”
Melville is supposed to have based the haughty, icy Mrs. Glendinning, from his novel Pierre, on his mother; tellingly, the word Glendinning most affiliates with her son is docile. When he defies her, as Joseph Adamson explains in Melville, Shame, and the Evil Eye, “in a fit of frustration and rage … she flings her fork, which accidentally pierces her portrait, so that the tines ‘caught in the painted bosom, vibrantly rankled in the wound.' ”
This is getting pretty Freudian—but it's all support for the cause. I urge anyone with knowledge of Maria Melville's child-rearing strategies to be in touch. Whether it's true or not, there's something indelibly tragicomic about Metcalf's image. If young Herman really was made to spend a not insignificant portion of his childhood watching his mom sleep, it goes some way toward explaining his problematic relationship with her, especially after his father died. “There grew up between the two,” Arvin writes, “an intense and contrarious relationship, and a far from fortunate one … His mother could not or would not shower upon him the affection he craved, and the sense of orphanhood began to grow upon him.”
And so goodnight.
Dan Piepenbring is the web editor of The Paris Review.
This is the second part of my original where to start with BDD post, which can be found here: https://thoughtsontest.wordpress.com/2017/03/22/where-to-start/
Alright so now our team is a bit more collaborative. We have a multifunctional team, with some developers, a tester and a BA. We are also visualizing our work, and limiting it so there is work being finished and not just started. Now we are in a position to introduce BDD.
So at this point we should have some form of KanBan board. Work starts in the “To Do” lane and continues to the “In Progress” lane. Something interesting to think about, are there many bugs being found in the testing lane? In the last post I talked about developers not picking up new work until all the bugs found in the testing lane are fixed. But how can we try to prevent those bugs in the first place?
This is where BDD fits in nicely. For those that don't know, it stands for behaviour driven development. I have previously talked about what it is and why I love it. It allows for a conversation before any code is written. Personally I have found most bugs come from missing or misunderstood requirements. So if we can agree on acceptance criteria together then there will be less confusion in requirements and fewer bugs.
The easiest way to start is by adding a new lane to your board. After “To Do” and before “In Progress” add “Discuss”. So what happens in this new lane? The answer is simply a conversation. This is where the 3 amigos fit in. A tester, a business analyst and the developer who has just picked up the story. The most important aspect of BDD is this conversation. We can now talk about the requirements, and the expected behaviour of the software. This conversation should remove confusion in what the value of the story is.
This is easier if we just start with a user story and no acceptance criteria. The AC will be written as a group. Each person will bring their own unique viewpoint, if there is already acceptance criteria then confirmation bias can make us miss something. As it is easier to just not think and accept was already written down.
What I have found works is specification by example. So start by trying to capture the behaviour using examples. John Ferguson Smart recently ran a workshop in which he talked about example mapping. I loved it and his ideas can be found here: https://johnfergusonsmart.com/feature-mapping-a-simpler-path-from-stories-to-executable-acceptance-criteria/
Using examples can also be a great judge of story size. Usually if there are more than 4 examples I recommend splitting the story. Keeping stories nice and small reduces complexity and helps get fast feedback as they take less time to get to the customer.
BOOM we now have examples. Now its time to add a new lane, call it “Distil”. This is where we turn our examples into automatable acceptance criteria. The examples become “Given, When, Then” steps. These can then be automated as failing tests. The story can then progress into the development lane and can be started on.
To make this a little more clear, in my next post, I am going to go through a practice story.
So like Led Zeppelin famously sung we don't want any “communication breakdown” driving us insane. Give this a try and let me know how you get on.
Advertisements
A video recording of a woman's reaction to having missed her New Year's Eve ferry to Vancouver Island has gone viral, but is now raising concerns about privacy.
The video, posted by the group Spotted in Victoria, shows the unidentified woman after she's told she was too late to board the ferry, even though it hadn't left yet.
"We're at 400,000 views now on the video. The post itself has reached up to 800,000 people," said Austin Singhera, of Spotted in Victoria.
Singhera and friend Pavitar Sidhu are university students who started the Facebook page Spotted in Victoria last year.
"She may have been going to a party. We're not sure. This was on New Year's Eve, so she was maybe coming back to Victoria for a party or a get-together or something, but she'd missed it by three minutes," said Singhera.
He said they've never seen this type of reaction to anything they've posted.
"Obviously, it's something that people found funny or found interesting so they shared it with a lot of their friends and it's just the power of social media now. We never thought something like this could be possible," said Singhera.
Expectation of privacy?
It's unclear if the woman in the video could claim that her privacy has been violated.
Under B.C. law, individuals have a right to privacy, but the courts have struggled with defining what is a reasonable expectation to privacy, says privacy and defamation lawyer Daniel Reid.
"Chances are, if someone was to start a lawsuit and say you invaded my privacy, the defence is you don't really have a reasonable expectation of privacy when you're in a ferry terminal," Reid told CBC Vancouver host Andrew Chang.
"Where it gets difficult is, the courts haven't really figured out what happens when that gets loaded up on to YouTube or another website," he added.
"There are no cases out there that talk about, do you have a different expectation of privacy about something published to the world at large?"
Strong reaction on social media
CBCNews.ca readers reacted to the video strongly on social media.
One commenter on CBC's Facebook page said the video was "tasteless."
"We don't know anything about this woman. Yes, it could be a lack of emotional control, and it could also be a serious mental health episode," said Geoffrey Dice.
"I refuse to watch this. I don't need to see someone having a hard time. I wouldn't like it if someone caught me at my worst and posted it on FB to go viral," said commenter Cara Gosse.
"Everyone is fighting a battle and maybe this person had a breaking point. Maybe the real reason wasn't even evident. I can't believe this made the news."
Still, many others said the woman's behaviour was out of proportion.
"It's actually amusing to watch people lose their attitude over something so petty. Just shows how immature people can get," said commenter Al Ban Dali.
Susan Erickson said, "If you're gonna throw a tantrum in public, it's no longer a private moment!"
When Kenna Fisher looked through her health plan two years ago, she was disturbed to see that it had specific exclusions – and that they mostly applied to transgender women. A transgender woman and librarian who works at UC Berkeley, Kenna says that the exclusions just didn't strike her as right. “My treatment should be based on what I need,” says Kenna, “not what someone else feels is the right or wrong way to transition.”
This month Kenna, represented by Transgender Law Center, won a groundbreaking health care appeal affirming just that: an insurer cannot deny her breast reconstructive surgery (breast augmentation surgery) simply because she is transgender.
The victory created precedent within the California insurance appeals system that will help establish that all care for gender dysphoria must be individualized for transgender patients and that breast reconstructive surgery can be medically necessary for transgender people. The decision will also serve as a national model, and makes clear that individualized assessment for patients is in line with evidence-based medicine practices.
“I've been working on this for two years, and it's been a struggle the whole way,” says Kenna. “I'm so glad that this victory means there's a template out there for other women.”
More and more insurance providers across the country are removing their categorical exclusions for some treatments, but continue to deny coverage for other procedures that may be life-saving for some transgender people. In determining that our client's request was indeed valid, the Independent Medical Reviewer made special note that the client's breast development was consistent with an early stage of puberty (Tanner stage 2), and therefore did not represent a level of development expected in an adult woman.
Our work in California will provide a template for ensuring people have access to individualized care. The victory built on the landmark All-Plan Letter issued earlier this year by the California Department of Managed Health Care, which prohibits insurers from categorically excluding specific treatments for transgender people. Transgender Law Center worked closely with the Department of Managed Health Care on this clarification, which builds on the department's 2013 director's letter that banned discrimination against transgender and gender non-conforming people in health insurance.
If you're interested in learning more about our work on this case, you can read the documents here.
COLLINGWOOD ruckman Brodie Grundy has revealed his jealousy at watching 2012 draft peer Jake Stringer win a premiership last year as the Magpies' fortunes nosedived.
The 23-year-old, a genuine contender to make the preliminary All Australian squad, was speaking after re-signing with Collingwood until the end of 2020.
Grundy played in the Pies' elimination final loss to Port Adelaide in his debut 2013 season, but has not experienced September action since.
"(Collingwood) was this massive powerhouse, but the reality is, if we're being quite honest with ourselves – and I think we need to be – we've probably fallen off the perch," Grundy told collingwoodfc.com.au.
"It's a part of this next group of guys coming through to put us back where we belong. I'm really ambitious and eager to see where this group can go, and there is a sense of urgency about being in this business … if you're not up to the standard, you get found out pretty quickly.
"When I sit here and reflect about (my) first five years, I look at other players, guys like Jake Stringer and (him winning a) premiership is something that really drives me especially, because they're my age – I look at them and feel pretty jealous.
"I'm really keen to get that feeling for the group."
Grundy relocated from South Australia when the Magpies picked him with the No.18 selection in the 2012 NAB AFL Draft, but didn't consider going home in his latest contract negotiations.
"I love the football club, I love playing here and I feel really at home at Collingwood," he said.
"It's taken me probably the first five years … to really call this place home, and I've bought a house here in Melbourne, and I'm living with Tim Broomhead and my partner Rachael, and I've got a little dog, too.
"So I'm really starting to put things together outside of football here in Melbourne and if I was to uplift that right now, I'd feel like I wasn't really ready to do that."
Grundy analysed All Australian ruckmen Todd Goldstein, Max Gawn and Nic Naitanui ahead of this season and has responded with a career-best campaign. He has averaged almost 37 hit-outs and more than 18 disposals in his 19 games in 2017.
"I'm always comparing myself to those types of players, and I think that's really helped me to get to where I am today and along with self-belief in what I'm able to do," Grundy said.
"I have my support network to thank for that.
"It's not until you put that block of work in, year after year, to not get any reward (that you understand what you want) … We're here to be a success."
Grundy will return on Saturday against Melbourne from his two-week ban for a sling tackle on Kangaroo Ben Brown. He has played 81 games in five seasons.
Nigel Farage celebrates the referendum result | Kate Green/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images Nigel Farage to attend US Republican National Convention Farage said he won't be endorsing a candidate, but wants to hear Donald Trump's speech and share Brexit lessons.
Nigel Farage, the pro-Brexit former leader of the U.K. Independence Party, will attend the Republican National Convention in the U.S. next week and share lessons about Britain's decision to leave the European Union, he told USA TODAY on Tuesday.
"Having criticized President Obama for getting involved in British politics, I am not about to endorse anybody," Farage said. "But I do know a lot of people in the Republican Party, and I'll be interested to hear what Donald Trump has to say in his big speech."
Farage, who said he would attend the convention as an observer, did not provide details on what lessons he would share about Brexit or who invited him to the convention, other than saying it was not Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee.
Last month, the U.K. voted to leave the EU, a decision that was criticized by U.S. President Barack Obama and other American leaders. Trump, however, supported the decision to leave. Farage stepped down from his position as UKIP leader after the vote.
Better check your local listings, because your Mid-American Conference programming is moving.
The MAC announced Friday that it reached a new 3-year regional television deal with Time Warner Cable SportsChannel, making it the new home of MAC Sports in Ohio and western and central New York. (That includes New York City—Big Apple #MACtion baby!).
The deal replaced the conference's old deal with SportsTime Ohio, which is now a part of Fox Sports Ohio.
Game coverage begins this season and means more MAC sports programming than ever before. You're welcome mid-America. SportsChannel will air live MAC football, volleyball and men's and women's basketball. Conference tournaments in Olympic sports will also be carried by the channel.
Look for coverage of conference tournaments in the sports of volleyball, baseball, softball and men's and women's soccer. #MACtion — Ken Mather (@KenMather_MAC) August 23, 2013
Oh, and if more televised games doesn't provide you with all the #MACtion you need, no worries. The deal also provides SportsChannel the rights to carry non-game programming.
Time Warner Cable SportsChannel will also host preview shows, coaches shows & weekly magazine, studio shows around MAC athletics. #MACtion — Ken Mather (@KenMather_MAC) August 23, 2013
Basically, be prepared to experience more #MACtion than ever before, right Jeremy?
What i'm trying to say is - if you want expanded coverage of @MACSports & even more #MACtion -- you are going to love #TWSC! — Jeremy Guy (@JGuyMAC) August 23, 2013
But where do you find all this ooey-gooey MAC coverage? If you have Time Warner Cable and live in the coverage regions you can find Time Warner Cable Sports Channel here:
Ohio — Channels 1311 (HD) and 311.
Central New York — Channel 323 (HD).
Albany and Hudson Valley — Channel 1803.
Rochester — Channel 1026.
Buffalo — Channel 713.
MAC games will also be available on Time Warner Cable channel 197 in New York City.
Select MAC programming will also be available nationally on Time Warner Cable Video On Demand
Don't have TWC (or one of their more expensive digital packages)? Well, for now it appears you're out of luck, though the release mentioned that TWC will work with other providers in the the coverage footprint to provide consumers with access to games so this will likely change soon. But, remember this is the same company currently being sued by its own consumers for continuing to blackout CBS networks
So while it's great that the MAC is getting more air-time, I'm holding off on praising this deal until I can actually get the channel without giving my soul (and life savings) to Time Warner Cable.
'You name it, Monique's gone through it': Saved from a life of chaos
Updated
"We had nothing, literally nothing. We had — I can't even say the clothes on our back … they were ripped, tattered, ankle freezers, too small … shoes that were holey. Oh God."
Monique is speaking about growing up in the most run-down section of one of Melbourne's poorest suburbs, Broadmeadows.
And now, on a cold grey day, she's come to revisit the scene of her nightmarish childhood — the block of public housing known as the "Broadie Bronx".
"It's like the house of f***ing horrors," Monique mutters as she stands in front of the bleak 70s-style double-storey unit she lived in with her drug-addled step-mother and terrifyingly violent father.
Monique lived here until she was rescued by a cousin, Peter, and his partner, Mel, themselves just young parents with an eight-month-old baby.
Peter and Mel took her into their family in an act of love that almost certainly saved Monique's life.
That was a decade ago.
Since then Peter and Mel have cared not just for Monique but for five other young relatives who couldn't live with their families, mostly due to drug addiction.
The couple is among at least 10,000 Australians aged 30 and under who are caring for younger relatives.
It's called kinship care and it's the fastest growing type of care for children who can't live at home.
Do you know more about this story? Email investigations@abc.net.au.
Monique's story illustrates how with courage, determination and generosity young lives can be saved — but as you'll see, it isn't easy.
"There were drugs, alcoholism, abuse, child abuse. Domestic violence with their step mum. Neglect. You name it, Monique's gone through it," Mel said.
Monique was born addicted to methadone. She spent the first three months of her life in hospital, suffering withdrawals.
But her drug addict mother was allowed to take the tiny infant home.
Luckily, Monique's cousin Peter, aged just 17 at the time, was around to look after her.
"I used to sleep on the fold out couch in the loungeroom and Monique used to sleep next to me. I used to feed her and change her and everything like that," Peter remembers.
"It was hard. There were times when she wouldn't stop crying for hours and hours. Her mum was there but she did nothing,"
But when Monique's father got out of jail, he made it clear it was time for Peter to go.
"It was heartbreaking to give her back. I didn't want to. I felt like I'd done all this and you're going to walk back in and take over?" Peter said.
Monique was left to survive as best she could.
"I think that's the saddest part. When I look back at my childhood I can't remember even one good thing," Monique said.
"All of it is overclouded by me laying in bed crying, listening to my mum get bashed, screaming for her life.
"Or my brother getting hit, or I'm getting hit, or someone's getting hit."
When Monique was aged four her mother took her own life.
She remembers going without food for days.
Violence at the hands of her father was normal.
"One of my siblings was crying because he'd [her father] just bashed my step-mum and she was pregnant," she said.
"I went over to comfort my sibling and he said 'don't touch her' and picked me up by the hair and threw me into a cabinet."
Her father formed a new relationship with a woman, Sheridan, who was also addicted to drugs.
"Heroin, ice, methadone, marijuana, pills, Xanax," Monique remembers.
"Anything they could get their hands on, literally anything."
Instead of paying the rent and bills and looking after their kids and feeding them, they would spend money on drugs and alcohol.
"You'd never see my dad without a VB can. That was his priority. We were just a pay cheque," Monique said.
She recalls one day being excited that her father agreed to take the family to the local pool.
"When we were ready to go Sheridan said, 'Come on, let's go', and they were playing Play Station and James (Monique's brother) turned off the Play Station, so my dad cracked the shits and hit him and stabbed Sheridan in the head for no reason," Monique recalls.
"That was a normal day. Yeah, a normal day."
Even now, Monique won't go out at night on her own.
She is doing a hospitality course one day a week in the city, but races to get the train home before the sun goes down.
Being in the city at night brings back memories of being with her out-of-control father and step-mother.
"They'd go into the city and take drugs and be passing out, staggering through the streets of the city," she said.
"Then I'd have to drag them to the train and get them on the train to make sure we all got home.
"And then I'd be walking through the Broadie Bronx at 2 in the morning. Hadn't eaten. Eight years old. Six, seven, eight, I was going through that."
At the age of nine, Monique's step-mother died from a drug overdose in the Broadie Bronx.
With her father in jail, Monique stayed with various relatives until she came to live with Mel and Peter.
Mel was just 19 at the time, with an eight-month-old baby of her own.
Her heart went out to the little girl. Mel had had a similar upbringing.
"I grew up with my parents being drug-affected and never put us first," Mel remembers.
"I lived in my room as a teenager, DHS (Department of Human Services) in and out of my life. As a young kid me not talking, saying nothing happened in my life, because I had to go home.
"I was going home to the perpetrators who were doing stuff to me, I couldn't say anything because I was going home to get bashed.
"I didn't say anything until I was old enough and I moved out when I was 16."
Despite her own abusive childhood, Mel prides herself on defying family history.
"Someone needs to be a voice for these kids. Someone has to protect these kids," Mel said.
"It is their right to be a parent but it's not their right to treat their child with neglect and put their needs first. When you're a parent you're a parent, and your child's needs come first."
Despite having limited income, and raising her own 9-year-old son, Mel is now considering becoming a foster mother to other children in need.
"It's so worth it. As hard as it was, because there were times when it was really hard, I'd just think, 'Mel, you're doing a good job'. Having your own child, it's great, but helping a child who has been in danger, it's more rewarding," she said.
Monique was safe and loved at Mel and Peter's place.
But it took time for her to adjust.
"Getting up going to school, having dinner every night, brushing my teeth, having clean clothes, going to bed, having new clothes, new shoes, having everything I needed, having all my school stuff, having lunch for school!
"It wasn't until I had had that for a year and I knew it wasn't going anywhere that I felt, okay, this is normal," Monique said.
But against her wishes, a court ordered Monique to see her father, and Mel was forced to take her.
"She would cry, carry on, wouldn't get out of the car, would be in hysterics, didn't want to see him, didn't want to go to her dad's, but it was court ordered and I had to do it," Mel said.
Mel fought for seven years to get permanent care of Monique.
Both Monique and Mel are scathing of the role child services played in their lives.
Monique says in the first nine years of her life, Department of Human Services made numerous home visits.
But she says each time she was threatened or bribed by her father about what to say.
"As long as DHS comes to our house and, yay! We're smiling and our house is clean and we get fed every day. That's bullshit! That's how people fall through the cracks.
"And it still happens today, literally. You don't know what happens behind closed doors. No-one does," Monique said, shaking her head.
A departmental spokesman said, "The Department of Health and Human Services does not comment on individual cases".
"Decisions about children's safety and well-being are made based on available evidence — with protection orders made by the Children's Court."
Thousands of kinship carers — ordinary people doing extraordinary things
Melbourne University researcher Meredith Kiraly says there's very little support for kinship carers or awareness they even exist.
"I think of them as ordinary people doing extraordinary things. Sometimes they're raising other people's children against amazing odds. They might have very little money, managing very challenging families around them," Ms Kiraly said.
Mel received regular government payments to care for Monique, but not all kinship carers do, particularly if it is an informal family custody arrangement.
Ms Kiraly has been interviewing dozens of young kinship carers around the country.
She's identified at least 10,000 aged 30 or under but says there could be several times as many in that age bracket alone.
With the support of Peter and Mel, Monique finished her Year 12 VCE last year.
She hopes to go on to university and study criminal justice.
She says without Mel and Peter taking her in as a member of the family, she would probably be on the streets or on drugs or dead.
"There's still kids in the system that are just being ignored. That's why I don't want people to feel sorry for me," Monique said.
"I have a good life. My life's good. I've finished school, I have clothes on my back, a roof over my head, I have everything I need, but there are kids out there that don't have that.
"So I don't want people to feel sorry for me."
Topics: carers, community-and-society, child-care, family-and-children, broadmeadows-3047, vic, australia, melbourne-3000
First posted
Hong Kong based photographer, Andy Yeung, shows us how densely populated his city is by flying a drone over and capturing the view with a wide-angle lens. Although Yeung's photo series “Urban Jungle” is similar in subject matter to German photographer Michael Wolf's photo series "Architecture of Density", the perspective is different in both. Michael Wolf shows us Hong Kong's beehive like apartments from the ground while Yeung takes us to the sky. Both are worth seeing.
Hong Kong is one of the most densely populated cities. Because of historical, political, and geographical constraints, the city's 7 million residents are packed into only 23.7% of Hong Kong's land area, of which the actual land available for housing is a mere 6.8%. Many Hong Kong residents live literally like dogs.
via Peta Pixel
The bad news is that Mirror's Edge Catalyst has been delayed. The not-as-bad-as-it-could-have-been news is that it's a relatively slight delay: Instead of coming out on May 26 as originally planned, EA now says it will be out on June 7 in North America, and a couple of days later in the EU.
“As you know, we're about to open the gates to the city of Glass for participants of the Closed Beta. One of the key features of the Beta and the full game is Social Play, detailed in our latest developer diary,” EA explained. “To support the Social Play features, we are using a brand new online technology. We also want to make sure we have the opportunity and time to address player feedback from the Closed Beta. That is why we will give ourselves a bit more time to perfect the game, with a new release date for Mirror's Edge Catalyst of June 7th (NA) and June 9th (EU).”
Not great news, obviously, but at least it's only a couple of weeks. And on the bright side, now you've got extra time to read our Mirror's Edge Catalyst hands-on from last week, in which Sam declares that fans of the original game "should feel right at home."
She's Gotta Have It is a 1986 American black-and-white comedy-drama film written, edited and directed by Spike Lee.[2] Filmed on a small budget and Lee's first feature-length film, it earned positive reviews and launched Lee's career.
The film stars Tracy Camilla Johns, Tommy Redmond Hicks, John Canada Terrell and Lee himself in a supporting role. Also appearing are cinematographer Ernest Dickerson as a Queens, New York resident and, in an early appearance, S. Epatha Merkerson as a doctor. The plot concerns a young woman (Johns) who is seeing three men, and the feelings this arrangement provokes.
In 2017, Lee adapted the film into a Netflix series.
Plot [ edit ]
Nola Darling is a young, attractive Brooklynite who juggles three suitors: the polite and well-meaning Jamie Overstreet; the self-obsessed model Greer Childs; and the immature, motor-mouthed Mars Blackmon. Nola is attracted to the best in each of them, but refuses to commit to any of them, cherishing her personal freedom instead, while each man wants her for himself.
Her carefree, sexually liberated lifestyle ultimately comes to an end when her three male suitors meet and compare notes on Nola. While Greer justifies Nola's callous behavior by claiming that she sees the three not as individuals but as a collective, Jamie and Mars become bitter over how little Nola cares for all three men.
Realizing that Greer and Mars are too scared of losing Nola to force her to choose one of them, Jamie tells her that she must choose a single lover. Nola scoffs at this, and persuades him to come to her apartment several days later for casual sex. Jamie rapes Nola, while mockingly asking her if he's as good sexually as Greer or Mars. Nola has an epiphany: realizing that her choices have turned Jamie against her, she decides to call his bluff. Nola dumps Greer and Mars and tells Jamie that she is ready for a monogamous relationship. Believing that her sexual activity has prevented her from committing to a single guy, Nola tells Jamie their relationship has to be celibate for the time being. After at first rejecting Nola's "no sex" decree, Jamie agrees to it.
Nola and Jamie's reunion, however, is followed by a coda which dismantles the "happy ending" of the couple coming together. In a monologue delivered to the camera, Nola reveals that her vow of celibacy and her decision to be with Jamie exclusively was "a moment of weakness". She says that she soon began to cheat on Jamie and their relationship collapsed. Nola proudly proclaims that monogamy is a form of slavery and that her lifestyle is freedom in its purest form. The film closes with a view of Nola going to bed alone.
Themes [ edit ]
Nola idealizes the freedom to have multiple sex partners that men have typically enjoyed. “A woman (or, at least Nola) can be a sexual being, doesn't have to belong to a man, and perhaps shouldn't even wish for such a thing.”[3] Nola's voice has been described as the most revolutionary element in the film, a representation of the struggle African American women faced in society at the time.[4]
Cast [ edit ]
Background [ edit ]
She's Gotta Have It was Lee's first feature-length motion picture as a writer/director and is a landmark independent film of American cinema. He was initially inspired by viewing Akira Kurosawa's Rashomon in film school.[5]
The New York Times wrote that the film
"ushered in (along with Jim Jarmusch's Stranger Than Paradise) the American independent film movement of the 1980s. It was also a groundbreaking film for African-American filmmakers and a welcome change in the representation of blacks in American cinema, depicting men and women of color not as pimps and whores, but as intelligent, upscale urbanites."[6]
Filming [ edit ]
Filming was completed in twelve days during the summer of 1985 on a budget of $175,000.
The film catalyzed the Fort Greene, Brooklyn neighborhood where it was shot. Lee portrayed the neighborhood as a vibrant cosmopolitan community where successful African Americans thrived, focusing not only on Nola and her struggles, but also on local children, residents, and graffiti. Fort Greene Park was the setting of much of the movie, and is portrayed as a comfortable place for the characters. People were encouraged to investigate the area's public spaces and viewers in other places investigated similar thriving public spaces of community importance.[4]
Following the film's release, media attention was drawn to Brooklyn, and to its artists and musicians.[7]
Release [ edit ]
Box office [ edit ]
She's Gotta Have It opened in one theater on August 8, 1986, and earned $28,473 on its opening weekend.[8] The film ultimately grossed $7,137,503 in the United States.[1]
Critical reception [ edit ]
The film was very well received by critics and audiences. Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports a 90% score based on 31 reviews, with an average rating of 7/10. The consensus states: "With She's Gotta Have It, Spike Lee delivered his bracing first shot across Hollywood's bow -- and set the template for the groundbreaking act to follow."[9] It holds a 79/100 average on Metacritic.[10]
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
"Award of the Youth" Foreign Film — Spike Lee (won)
"New Generation Award" — Spike Lee (won)
Best First Feature — Spike Lee (won)
Best Female Lead — Tracy Camilla Johns (nominated)
In 2014, Lee said that his one regret as a filmmaker was the rape scene in She's Gotta Have It:
"If I was able to have any do-overs, that would be it. It was just totally ... stupid. I was immature. It made light of rape, and that's the one thing I would take back. I was immature and I hate that I did not view rape as the vile act that it is. I can promise you, there will be nothing like that in 'She's Gotta Have It,' the TV show [that will air on Netflix], that's for sure."[11]
Home media [ edit ]
She's Gotta Have It was first released on VHS, initially by Key Video[12] and later by PolyGram Video[13] as part of a distribution deal with Chris Blackwell's Island World Group, which retained the rights following the purchase of Island Records by PolyGram (PolyGram would eventually acquire the rest of Island in December 1994)[14]; on January 15, 2008, it was released on DVD in North America by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment through United Artists and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Despite its availability on DVD in the United Kingdom, the DVD release for Region 1 took longer than expected.[citation needed]
In the mid-1990s, The Criterion Collection released the film on laserdisc. According to Lee's agent, the film was to be eventually released on DVD. Jonathan Turell of The Criterion Collection ended that rumor, saying "No for She's Gotta Have It. We don't have DVD rights."[15] This laserdisc is the only release of the film that has the NC-17-rated director's cut, including sexual content that was cut to obtain an R rating. This release also contains an exclusive commentary by Spike Lee.
In 2010, the film was digitized in High Definition (1080i) and broadcast on MGM HD.
TV series [ edit ]
On September 15, 2016, Netflix announced a deal to produce a series based on the film, with Lee returning to direct the first season and serve as executive producer.[16] Ten 30-minute episodes were ordered. Netflix released the series in November 2017.
A Gnome Socket Applet
Published on February 26, 2011 under the tag Making Gnome play nicely with xmonad and friendsPublished on February 26, 2011 under the tag haskell
I'm an enthusiastic user of the xmonad window manager. It allows me to be more productive while coding, and to focus on what I'm doing.
When I got my new laptop (about 3 months ago), I decided to give Gnome another try. Together with xmonad, it makes a nice combination, since you get the excellent integration of the different gnome components, and the simplicity of xmonad.
When you use the default gnome panel, you get a list of windows, so you can see which windows are open. However, for xmonad, this is kind of redundant: since it is a tiling window manager, you can just see what windows are open. Instead, you want other information in your panel: the currently used xmonad layout, the title of the focused window…
So, I wrote a small applet called gnome-socket-applet which allows simple communication from xmonad to the gnome panel. You simply add the applet to your panel, and it will act as a small server, listening on a port you specified.
Then, xmonad simply sets the applet text by creating a connection to the applet server and writing the desired text. In my case, the applet looks like this:
Screenshot of the applet
The applet is written in C and should work together with most window managers that support adding custom hooks. Install instructions and example code for xmonad are also given on the gnome-socket-applet page.
The following is an annotated version of the fairy tale. I recommend reading the entire story before exploring the annotations, especially if you have not read the tale recently.
Bearskin1
THERE was once a young fellow who enlisted as a soldier, conducted himself bravely, and was always the foremost when it rained bullets. So long as the war lasted, all went well, but when peace was made, he received his dismissal,2 and the captain said he might go where he liked. His parents were dead, and he had no longer a home, so he went to his brothers and begged them to take him in, and keep him until war broke out again. The brothers, however, were hard-hearted3 and said, "What can we do with thee? thou art of no use to us; go and make a living for thyself." The soldier had nothing left but his gun; he took that on his shoulder, and went forth into the world. He came to a wide heath,4 on which nothing was to be seen but a circle of trees;5 under these he sat sorrowfully down, and began to think over his fate. "I have no money," thought he, "I have learnt no trade but that of fighting, and now that they have made peace they don't want me any longer; so I see beforehand that I shall have to starve." All at once he heard a rustling, and when he looked round, a strange man stood before him, who wore a green coat and looked right stately, but had a hideous cloven foot.6 "I know already what thou art in need of," said the man; "gold and possessions shall thou have, as much as thou canst make away with do what thou wilt, but first I must know if thou art fearless,7 that I may not bestow my money in vain." "A soldier and fear - how can those two things go together?" he answered; "thou canst put me to the proof." "Very well, then," answered the man, "look behind thee." The soldier turned round, and saw a large bear,8 which came growling towards him. "Oho!" cried the soldier, "I will tickle thy nose for thee, so that thou shalt soon lose thy fancy for growling," and he aimed at the bear and shot it through the muzzle; it fell down and never stirred again. "I see quite well," said the stranger, "that thou art not wanting in courage, but there is still another condition which thou wilt have to fulfil." "If it does not endanger my salvation," replied the soldier, who knew very well who was standing by him. "If it does, I'll have nothing to do with it." "Thou wilt look to that for thyself," answered Greencoat; "thou shalt for the next seven9 years neither wash thyself, nor comb thy beard, nor thy hair, nor cut thy nails, nor say one paternoster.10 I will give thee a coat and a cloak, which during this time thou must wear. If thou diest during these seven years, thou art mine; if thou remainest alive, thou art free, and rich to boot, for all the rest of thy life." The soldier thought of the great extremity in which he now found himself, and as he so often had gone to meet death, he resolved to risk it now also, and agreed to the terms.11 The Devil took off his green coat, gave it to the soldier, and said, "If thou hast this coat on thy back and puttest thy hand into the pocket, thou wilt always find it full of money."12 Then he pulled the skin off the bear13 and said, "This shall be thy cloak, and thy bed also, for thereon shalt thou sleep, and in no other bed shalt thou lie, and because of this apparel shalt thou be called Bearskin." After this the Devil vanished.
The soldier put the coat on, felt at once in the pocket, and found that the thing was really true. Then he put on the bearskin and went forth into the world, and enjoyed himself, refraining from nothing that did him good and his money harm. During the first year his appearance was passable, but during the second he began to look like a monster.14 His hair covered nearly the whole of his face, his beard was like a piece of coarse felt, his fingers had claws, and his face was so covered with dirt that if cress15 had been sown on it, it would have come up. Whosoever saw him, ran away, but as he everywhere gave the poor money to pray16 that he might not die during the seven years, and as he paid well for everything he still always found shelter. In the fourth year, he entered an inn where the landlord would not receive him, and would not even let him have a place in the stable, because he was afraid the horses would be scared. But as Bearskin thrust his hand into his pocket and pulled out a handful of ducats,17 the host let himself be persuaded and gave him a room in an outhouse.18 Bearskin was, however, obliged to promise not to let himself be seen, lest the inn should get a bad name.
As Bearskin was sitting alone in the evening, and wishing from the bottom of his heart that the seven years were over, he heard a loud lamenting in a neighboring room. He had a compassionate heart,19 so he opened the door, and saw an old man weeping bitterly, and wringing his hands. Bearskin went nearer, but the man sprang to his feet and tried to escape from him. At last when the man perceived that Bearskin's voice was human he let himself be prevailed on, and by kind words bearskin succeeded so far that the old man revealed the cause of his grief. His property had dwindled away by degrees, he and his daughters would have to starve, and he was so poor that he could not pay the innkeeper, and was to be put in prison. "If that is your only trouble," said Bearskin, "I have plenty of money." He caused the innkeeper to be brought thither, paid him and put a purse full of gold into the poor old man's pocket besides.
When the old man saw himself set free from all his troubles he did not know how to be grateful enough. "Come with me," said he to Bearskin; "my daughters are all miracles of beauty, choose one of them for thyself as a wife.20 When she hears what thou hast done for me, she will not refuse thee. Thou dost in truth look a little strange, but she will soon put thee to rights again." This pleased Bearskin well, and he went. When the eldest saw him she was so terribly alarmed at his face that she screamed and ran away. The second stood still and looked at him from head to foot, but then she said, "How can I accept a husband who no longer has a human form? The shaven bear that once was here and passed itself off for a man pleased me far better, for at any rate it wore a hussar's dress and white gloves.21 If it were nothing but ugliness, I might get used to that." The youngest, however, said, "Dear father, that must be a good man to have helped you out of your trouble, so if you have promised him a bride for doing it, your promise must be kept."22 It was a pity that Bearskin's face was covered with dirt and with hair, for if not they might have seen how delighted he was when he heard these words. He took a ring,23 from his finger, broke it in two, and gave her one half, the other he kept for himself. He wrote his name, however, on her half, and hers on his, and begged her to keep her piece carefully, and then he took his leave and said, "I must still wander about for three years,24 and if I do not return then, thou art free, for I shall be dead. But pray to God to preserve my life."
The poor betrothed bride dressed herself entirely in black,25 and when she thought of her future bridegroom, tears came into her eyes. Nothing but contempt and mockery fell to her lot from her sisters. "Take care," said the eldest, "if thou givest him thy hand, he will strike his claws into it." "Beware!" said the second. "Bears like sweet things, and if he takes a fancy to thee, he will eat thee up." "Thou must always do as he likes," began the elder again, "or else he will growl." And the second continued, "But the wedding will be a merry one, for bears dance well."26 The bride was silent, and did not let them vex her. Bearskin, however, travelled about the world from one place to another, did good where he was able,27 and gave generously to the poor that they might pray for him.
At length, as the last day of the seven years dawned, he went once more out on to the heath, and seated himself beneath the circle of trees. It was not long before the wind whistled,28 and the Devil stood before him and looked angrily at him; then he threw Bearskin his old coat, and asked for his own green one back. "We have not got so far as that yet," answered Bearskin, "thou must first make me clean." Whether the Devil liked it or not, he was forced to fetch water, and wash Bearskin, comb his hair, and cut his nails. After this, he looked like a brave soldier, and was much handsomer29 than he had ever been before.
When the Devil had gone away, Bearskin was quite lighthearted. He went into the town, put on a magnificent velvet coat, seated himself in a carriage drawn by four white horses,30 and drove to his bride's house. No one recognized him, the father took him for a distinguished general, and led him into the room where his daughters were sitting. He was forced to place himself between the two eldest, they helped him to wine, gave him the best pieces of meat, and thought that in all the world they had never seen a handsomer man. The bride, however, sat opposite to him in her black dress, and never raised her eyes, nor spoke a word. When at length he asked the father if he would give him one of his daughters to wife, the two eldest jumped up, ran into their bedrooms to put on splendid dresses, for each of them fancied she was the chosen one. The stranger, as soon as he was alone with his bride, brought out his half of the ring, and threw it in a glass of wine which he reached across the table to her. She took the wine, but when she had drunk it, and found the half ring lying at the bottom, her heart began to beat. She got the other half, which she wore on a ribbon round her neck, joined them, and saw that the two pieces fitted exactly together. Then said he, "I am thy betrothed bridegroom, whom thou sawest as Bearskin, but through God's grace31 I have again received my human form, and have once more become clean." He went up to her, embraced her, and gave her a kiss. In the meantime the two sisters came back in full dress, and when they saw that the handsome man had fallen to the share of the youngest, and heard that he was Bearskin, they ran out full of anger and rage. One of them drowned herself in the well,32 the other hanged herself on a tree. In the evening, some one knocked at the door, and when the bridegroom opened it, it was the Devil in his green coat, who said, "Seest thou, I have now got two souls in the place of thy one!"33
by The Brothers Grimm
Devon Klaas gets "pretty confused" when she hears about rental horror stories in Toronto.
Since moving to Toronto in 2010, she's lived in five different apartments, from her days as a cash-strapped Ryerson University student living in a basement apartment in Scarborough, to renting with roommates, to living with her partner in a "bright and airy" downtown one-bedroom for $1,214 a month.
Through it all, Klaas says she's always had attentive landlords and has never entered a bidding war. And most recently, she and her partner got the keys to their new two-bedroom apartment in the Davisville area for a reasonable $1,400 a month — with rent control to boot.
Clearly, she's doing something right — so what's the secret?
Throughout CBC Toronto's No Fixed Address series, you've shared your stories of sudden rent increases, discriminatory landlords, and the other challenges that come with renting throughout the city.
But others say finding a great apartment in Toronto's tough rental market can often be easier if you keep in mind some tried-and-true advice. CBC Toronto spoke to Klaas — and other savvy renters — for their tips on snagging a decent place to live without breaking the bank.
Check out older buildings
Condo listings are a dime a dozen in Toronto. But those glass towers are often built after 1991, which means they're not subject to rent control like older buildings — which could lead to higher initial rent, or a nasty surprise increase later.
To get more bang for your buck, Klaas says it's worth trying older buildings — like low-rise apartments — instead. Her last place, that $1,214 a month one-bedroom apartment at Carlton and Jarvis Streets, was an older spot with rent control, she says.
<a href="https://twitter.com/LaurenPelley">@LaurenPelley</a> Play it old school! My roommate and I literally found our apartment walking around the area looking for openings. —@shelbyblackley
An added bonus? Older homes and apartment buildings are often owned by "career landlords" who are actively involved in maintaining the building, Klaas notes.
"They take good care of the buildings because that's their bread and butter," she says.
Want rent control? Buildings that went up before 1991 are your best bet. (ViewIt)
Or try almost-finished ones
On the flip side, renting a unit from a brand-new building that's not even finished yet could also lead to a deal.
Toronto renter Ben Singer lives in a "pretty nice place" at St. Clair Avenue West and Avenue Road for under-market rent, and he says that's partly because he moved into the condo before it had the promised amenities and retail outlets.
"When I moved in, it was not exactly all finished — there was no LCBO, there was no Longo's — but I'm currently paying the early move-in rent and have the amenities one would be paying a lot more for," he says.
While Singer is paying $1,400 a month for his one bedroom, the average rent for similar units in the building is now upwards of $1,700, he says. (His rent could eventually go up because there's no rent control, of course.)
"It was worth putting up with a fair bit of construction," he adds.
Condos that aren't quite finished can sometimes lead to rentals with lower monthly rent. (Aaron Harris/Reuters)
Use a real estate agent
Singer also swears by the real estate agent who did all the legwork. And he didn't have to pay a penny for the service — the fees are actually paid by whoever is trying to rent out their unit.
"(Real estate agents) have the capacity to filter out a lot of stuff and save you a lot of time," Singer says.
Ana Yavari, who's also renting right now in Toronto, takes a slightly different approach: Rather than using one agent, she finds it helpful to scour websites like Condos.ca and reach out to the agent of a specific place that catches her eye.
"Your chances of snagging the unit before anyone else are much, much better," she explains.
Cast a wide net
There's a wide selection of websites, blogs, and Facebook groups available for Toronto renters, so it makes sense to check out as many as possible when you're looking for an apartment.
Some of them even bring the search right to you, be it through Facebook notifications or email notifications at ViewIt or Condos.ca based on whatever criteria you choose, while others cater to specific needs, like roommate-finding service Apartmate.
A few of the big ones include:
You can also set up a personal Google Alert for any new listings featuring key words (like "1-bedroom, Danforth" for instance.)
<a href="https://twitter.com/LaurenPelley">@LaurenPelley</a> PadMapper is key. —@TheGrittyDev
Did we miss any? Shoot me an email at lauren.pelley@cbc.ca if you have a favourite rental website that's worth adding to the list.
Come prepared to viewings
When do you do find your dream place, it can be competitive — so it helps to come prepared to viewings with all the possible documents and references a landlord might want.
These are the big three you'll need at most viewings:
Credit report
References (personal, professional, past landlords)
Proof of employment letter
Wondering how to get your credit report? Use this form to get yours for free in the mail through Equifax.
A credit report is a must-have for tenants hoping to rent in Toronto. (CBC)
And it doesn't hurt to have a chequebook handy, too, in case you can sign off on the lease and provide cheques for first and last month's rent on the spot.
(However, if a landlord is asking for cold hard cash up front, you might want to steer clear — as a Radio-Canada investigation recently revealed, buildings across the city are using tactics that actually violate provincial tenancy laws.)
Be flexible
It's good to keep in mind your apartment dealbreakers and neighbourhood preferences. But if you're on a budget, Klaas encourages keeping an open mind.
"Our secret was being flexible with what we wanted," she says. "We don't need a shoebox apartment in the young, trendy areas of the city."
<a href="https://twitter.com/LaurenPelley">@LaurenPelley</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/CBCToronto">@CBCToronto</a> Tips: 1) lower your expectations 2) get roommates 3) save for the future. —@WestEndMatt
Klaas is happy with her latest find — and her rental track record. But she knows things might get trickier down the road.
"Eventually trying to purchase a house, that seems scarier," she admits.
One of Saturn's peculiar moons has received an up-close look from NASA's Cassini spacecraft, which sent back the best-ever pictures of Atlas, an object shaped like a flying saucer orbiting just outside the planet's rings.
Cassini took the images of Atlas on April 12 as it passed within about 7,000 miles (11,000 kilometres) of the airless moon.
Atlas circles Saturn just outside the A ring, the outermost of the planet's main, bright rings, according to NASA. The disc-shaped moon is about 19 miles (30 kilometres) across, slightly larger than the moon Pan, which is similar in appearance.
Cassini took the closest-ever pictures of Pan during a flyby in early March, with its shape drawing comparisons to a walnut or ravioli. Like Pan, Atlas looks like a miniature version of Saturn, with a bulbous central body and a smooth ridge spanning its equator.
Scientists believe the equatorial ridges on Pan and Atlas may have formed as the moons collect grains of ice and dust from nearby rings.
Atlas was discovered in 1980 in imagery taken by the Voyager 1 spacecraft during its encounter with Saturn, and it orbits around 85,500 miles (137,600 kilometres) from the planet, completing one lap every 14.4 hours.
Running low on fuel, Cassini is in the final months of its mission, heading for a crushing Sept. 15 dive into Saturn's atmosphere to avoid an inadvertent collision with one of the planet's potentially habitable moons. The spacecraft will swing by Saturn's largest moon Titan, covered in rain-replenished lakes of liquid methane and ethane, on April 22 and use gravity to reshape its orbit and begin a series of passages between the planet's cloud tops and innermost ring.
The maneuver will make Cassini the first craft to ever explore Saturn's ring gap, making measurements of the mass of the planet's rings, probing Saturn's atmosphere and interior structure, and collecting spectacular imagery.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
Saturn: Exploring the Ringed Planet
Find out more about Saturn and its moons in this 196-page special edition from Astronomy Now. Order from our online store.
COLUMBUS, Ohio – For the first time, researchers have evidence of exactly what dads are doing while moms are taking care of housework or tending to their child.
The results will be disappointing for those who expected more gender equity in modern society.
The study found that three months after the birth of their first child, on days when couples were not working, men were most often relaxing while women did housework or child care.
In contrast, when men were taking care of the kids or working around the house, their partners were most often doing the same thing.
Claire Kamp Dush
One telling statistic: Women spent 46 to 49 minutes relaxing while men did child care or housework on their day off. But men spent about twice that amount of time in leisure – about 101 minutes – while their partners did some kind of work.
“It's frustrating. Household tasks and child care are still not being shared equally, even among couples who we expected would have more egalitarian views of how to share parenting duties,” said Claire Kamp Dush, lead author of the study and associate professor of human sciences at The Ohio State University.
Kamp Dush conducted the study, published online in the journal Sex Roles, with Sarah Schoppe-Sullivan, a professor of human sciences at Ohio State, and Jill Yavorsky, who received her Ph.D. at Ohio State and is now an assistant professor of sociology at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.
The research included 52 couples who participated in the New Parents Project, an Ohio State study of mostly highly educated, white, dual-earner couples from the Columbus area who were having their first child.
“It is a small sample. It is not the definitive answer, and is mostly relevant to similar couples. But we need to look into this further and understand how dual-earner couples are sharing housework and child care,” Kamp Dush said.
One reason for the small sample is the difficulty of doing this kind of study, Kamp Dush said. The researchers are not aware of any other study in which both members of a couple completed detailed time diaries of what they were doing on the same days and at the same times.
The researchers asked the couples to complete their own time diaries for a workday and a non-workday during the third trimester of the woman's pregnancy and about three months after the baby's birth.
On workdays after the baby was born, the amount of time women and men spent doing housework and child care was more equal than on non-workdays, although women still did slightly more work, the results showed.
But men made up for it on non-workdays, when the amount of time they spent in leisure activities actually doubled – from 47 to 101 minutes – between when their partner was pregnant and three months after the birth.
“On workdays, parents are more evenly splitting housework and childcare. It's very much ‘all hands on deck' but when there is more time available on the weekend and parents are not so pressed to get everything done, then we see the emergence of gendered patterns and inequality where women do a lot more housework and childcare while he leisures,” Yavorsky said.
On their days off, men were relaxing 46 percent of the time while their partners did child care. In contrast, women were engaged in leisure only 16 percent of the time when their partners were taking care of their child.
Results were similar for housework, where fathers took 35 percent of the time off while their partner did tasks like cleaning. Women took 19 percent of the time off when men did housework.
Kamp Dush said these highly educated couples where both parents have jobs would be the ones you would expect to have worked out equitable arrangements for sharing housework and child care.
“I was expecting to see a lot more minutes where the couple was doing some kind of housework or child care together. I suspect the situation may be even less equitable for women who don't have all the advantages of the couples in our sample,” she said.
There are steps both men and women can take to help even out the inequities found in this study, Kamp Dush said.
Men need to get in there and take care of their child and house, particularly on the weekends, she said. In some cases, moms may need to step back and let fathers do housework and child care tasks without hovering to make sure they meet her standards.
“Couples need to be having conversations, ideally before their baby is born, about how they are going to divide household tasks to make sure they are equitable,” she said.
“At the time we studied them, these couples were setting up routines that may last several years as the kids grow. Couples need to be having these conversations from the first few months.”
This study was funded by the National Science Foundation and the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.
San Jose Sharks
NASHVILLE – The lights dimmed. Brent Burns stood at center ice. Above him, the Jumbotron of Bridgestone Arena showed a field of stars. Suddenly, John Williams's iconic fanfare from “Star Wars” blared over the speakers.
What followed were a series of pictures, starting with Burns as a fresh-faced rookie and continuing through to his current state as the NHL's shaggiest player.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
When the lights came back up, Burns placed a Chewbacca mask on his head, and began to take his shootout attempt in Saturday night's NHL All-Star Game Skills Competition's Breakaway Challenge, to the delight of … well, anyone with a pulse.
“The Chewie thing. I've been hearing the nickname for a couple of years now. Among other nicknames. But we thought to go with that one,” he said.
The Sharks created the video. The NHL assisted with the rest of the production. The whole thing came together on Friday night, less than 24 hours before his successful shootout attempt.
“I had no idea what to do in the breakaway. Panic mode,” he said.
Burns had the Chewbacca mask from an “ugly sweater” Christmas party from last year. “Got it online. Was only going to wear it once. Amazon. Pretty good website,” said Burns.
His attempt was a Wookiee sensation: Burns scored, raised his arms above his head – more Tusken Raider than Chewbacca, to be honest – and the crowd went wild.
As much as The Force was with this one, it may have been Burns's second-best shootout attempt of the night.
After all, it's hard to beat adorable children doing goal celebrations.
Burns and teammate Joe Pavelski skated out with their sons for a shootout attempt, while goalies Cory Schneider and Roberto Luongo “fought” to leave the net open. Pavelski's son dropped a pass to “Lil' Burns,” who sent it into the net.
Story continues
“It's been a cool experience to have a teammate here. And our little guys play on the same team in San Jose. It's just great little moments you can share with each other. Get them on the ice. Hear them talk about how loud the crowd is,” said Burns.
What he didn't expect, however, was for his son to skate over to the camera and do a victory dance.
“No. That was scary. I told him 100 times: If you score, we're going to get a nice little picture together, the four of us. Both kids went their opposite ways, shed the mitts. That was not a routine,” said Burns.
Alas, it wasn't enough to overcome P.K. Subban's hilarious Jaromir Jagr impression and puck-juggling exhibition, which won the fan vote in the Breakaway Challenge. Burns accepted the fact that as legendary as Chewbacca is, Jagr is Han Solo cool.
“That was some solid flow. He's a legend. All the guys are huge fans of his. Just an incredible player,” said Burns.
--
Greg Wyshynski is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Contact him at puckdaddyblog@yahoo.com or find him on Twitter. His book, TAKE YOUR EYE OFF THE PUCK, is available on Amazon and wherever books are sold.
Here is our list of space policy events for the week of November 21-25, 2016 and any insight we can offer about them. The House and Senate are not in session this week.
During the Week
The United States celebrates Thanksgiving on Thursday. Across the nation, people are focused on shopping, cooking and traveling to celebrate with friends and family more than attending meetings on space policy or anything else. We do not have a single space policy event on our list for this week in the United States and only one that will be held abroad (see below).
This is, indeed, a good time to take a breath after a fractious election season. Melanie Kirkpatrick, acting editorial features writer for the Wall Street Journal (WSJ), published a commentary on Thursday noting that “healing” is the watchword of post-election America. Author of “Thanksgiving: The Holiday at the Heart of the American Experience,” she shared the story of how Thanksgiving became a national holiday at a time of national strife and urged that this year it serves as “a moment to focus on our blessings as Americans, on what unites us, not on what divides us.”
The tale of the First Thanksgiving with Pilgrims and Native Americans in 1621 is fairly well known, but how the holiday evolved over the centuries less so. Presidents had occasionally designated national days of thanks since the time of George Washington, but the holiday did not achieve permanence at the national level until it was proclaimed by President Abraham Lincoln in 1863. Yes, 1863, in the middle of the Civil War and just months after the horrific Battle of Gettysburg with its approximately 50,000 casualties (killed, wounded or missing). Poet, novelist and magazine editor Sarah Josepha Hale (a very interesting woman) had made it her mission to establish a single national day of Thanksgiving. Over three decades, she convinced many states to declare a day of thanks, but they were on various dates. Her goal was a single national day every year. Lincoln agreed as part of an effort to unite Americans on both sides of the conflict by reminding them of all that is good about our country even in such a painful time. He issued a Proclamation on October 3, 1863 designating the last Thursday of November (the date originally chosen by George Washington) as a day of thanksgiving. Kirkpatrick's commentary is behind the WSJ paywall unfortunately, but her bottom line is “Lincoln's Thanksgiving proclamation was profoundly hopeful, reminding the American people of the nation's capacity for renewal. It's a message that resonates today.”
On that note, SpacePolicyOnline.com wishes everyone a very Happy Thanksgiving.
Meanwhile, there is one space policy-related conference that we know about this week — in Dubai. Sponsored by the United Nations Office of Outer Space Affairs (UNOOSA) and the United Arab Emirates (UAE), this “High Level Forum” focuses on space as an economic driver for socio-economic sustainable development. Among the co-sponsors are the Secure World Foundation, Sierra Nevada Corporation's Space Systems Division and the International Committee on Global Navigation Systems. It is part of the lead-up to UNOOSA's UNISPACE+50 conference that will take place in 2018, the 50th anniversary of the first UNISPACE conference (two others were held in 1982 and 1999). The website does not indicate if any of this week's conference will be webcast.
One day you're feeling satisfied with the fruits of all your yard work. The next day, your lawn is a gaping pit of mud. That's if you are lucky – it could have been your house, neighborhood or, say, local interstate. Sinkholes tend to appear suddenly, and while particular regions are famously prone to sinkholes they happen all over the world. It begins with an innocuous leak in a rusty pipe. The earth beneath your feet quietly erodes until one day…whoosh. Whole buildings have been sucked into sinkholes. Entire roads have been knocked out. Here are some of the biggest and baddest sinkholes in the world.
Images (clockwise from top left): 1, 2, Google, 3, 4
1. Qattara Depression
The vast Qattara west of Cairo, Egypt is the largest natural sinkhole in the world, measuring 80km long by 120km wide. This is dangerous, sludge-filled quicksand pit is unearthly in its appearance and shocking in its size. The 133m deep sinkhole has been used in battle and more recently scientists have attempted to develop a $360 million dollar project that would harness the Qattara for complete energy independence. The plan would require digging a ditch from the edge of Qattara to the Mediterranean and allowing the sink to slowly fill with water via a tunnel. Eventually (at least 160 years in the future) the new lake would rival Lake Eerie's size; at that point the heat of the desert would evaporate additional water flow. They're pretty sure it would, anyway. Egypt is home to a number of desert sinkholes. The almost incomprehensibly vast Qattara hole is 100% natural – the product of fierce winds tearing into the slimy salt beds right down to the water table. (Note: click the Google Maps link to zoom. The minty-green area is Qattara.)
2. Berezniki
In Soviet Russia, the ground moves you. Berezniki's sinkhole began in 1986 and just grows worse with each passing year. It's unstoppable. Currently it's over 200m deep, 80m long and 40m wide. In case you're thinking “Berezniki? Who cares?” you should know that 10% of the world output of potash comes from this area, and the sinkhole is very close to destroying the mine's sole rail line.
3. Guatemala City
Residents of a Guatemala City heard strange rumblings for weeks but weren't sure what was happening beneath them. Then, in late February 2007, a near-perfect circle of earth dropped some 30 stories almost instantly. It's amazing how neat the hole is. Two people died and over 1,000 had to be evacuated; the sinkhole resulted from a corroded sewage system deep beneath the surface (apparently the odor coming from the hole was intolerable). Sinkholes are caused by changing geological conditions or by a failure to maintain aging underground pipes and sewage systems, but the common factor in both is usually water. Ground underlain with carbonate bedrock – limestone for example – is most prone to sinking because the bedrock erodes with repeated exposure to water. The rock corrodes and the sediment swells with water and eventually everything reaches a critical mass point.
Images: 2, 3
4. Sarisarinama
The Sarisarinama holes of Venezuela are a mysterious and beautiful natural wonder. There are several of these perfectly round basins that are each 350m in diameter and over 350m deep. Scientists aren't sure how these stunning sinkholes originated, but they are awe-inspiring nonetheless; each hole contains unique ecosystems with many distinct plant and animal species found nowhere else on earth.
5. Bimmah
Making the most of one of nature's great oddities, the residents of Bimmah, Oman turned this sinkhole into a tourist trap. (Well actually, a swim park.)
6. Mount Gambier
Known as the city of craters, Mount Gambier (between Adelaide and Melbourne in South East Australia) has all manner of water channels, caves and caverns beneath its residential crust. Perching atop limestone, the city has both volcanic craters and naturally-occurring sinkholes that have filled with water. It's really quite beautiful.
7. Unidentified Unfortunate House
Steve Kluge has cataloged a impressive list of geological and disaster-related photographs; you wouldn't want to own this unlucky Florida house. (Sinkholes are a well-known and persistent problem in Florida. It's not just floods and hurricanes.)
8. Agrico Gypsum Stack
Florida is plagued by sinkhole erosion, but this disaster in 1994 was one of the most devastating by far. A 15-story sinkhole tore open right beneath an 80-million-ton pile of gypsum stack (toxic industrial waste). The hazardous soup contaminated 90% of Florida's drinking water and cleanup efforts ran into the millions of dollars. The 2 million cubic foot hole soon was nicknamed the “Journey to the Center of the Earth”, as if to indicate that it was the newest Disney World attraction.
9. South Florida
The karst (a type of bedrock) in this urbanized Southern Florida area weakened to the point of collapse and this sizable sinkhole was the result.
10. The Devil's Sinkhole
Plunging a frightening 400 feet is the cavernous Devil's Sinkhole in Texas. The limestone wonder has a 40'x60′ opening and there is archaeological evidence that the sinkhole was considered sacred by Native Americans. Locals are known to collect arrowheads, stalactites and other treasures from the sinkhole. Random trivia: a sinkhole may also be referred to as a swallet, cenote, or doline.
11. Macungie
A moderate level of water actually helps to “secure” the ground beneath our feet – otherwise we wouldn't be able to build as the ground would simply sweep away – but if the sediment becomes waterlogged a sinkhole may strike. Though nature's ancient sinkholes are stunning, human-caused sinks are just disastrous. The Macungie sink in Pennsylvania, above, gave Florida a run for its money. (Pennsylvania's water system is aging, so sinkholes are becoming increasingly common.)
12. Daisetta
In Daisetta, Texas just a few months ago, what started as a small 20-foot sinkhole in a residential neighborhood spread to over 900 feet within a day, consuming telephone poles, structures and vehicles as it grew. Authorities had been checking on the oil and natural gas lines as they suspected leakage. Oil field equipment nearby toppled into the pit, creating a sludge of oil and mud that came very close to destroying several homes.
Images: Don Davis, Local Pilot
13. Bowling Green
Plans for the Kentucky Trimodal Transpark were quickly abandoned when this massive 200-foot sinkhole in Bowling Green, Kentucky ripped open. Unfortunately this region is dotted with naturally-occurring, numerous underground sinks that could open at any time, making development very risky in the entire area. Still scared? OK, here are some faux sinkholes from street artists. Want more? There is a whole sinkhole that created its own ghost town, too.
More Disasters:
Several Muslim organisations are bringing legal proceedings against the Flemish Animal Welfare Minister, Ben Weyts. They hope to revoke regulations introduced by him banning the ritual slaughter of animals in temporary abattoirs for halal meat.
The ban on the slaughter of conscious animals at improvised abattoirs is intended to prevent the annual slaughter of roughly 20,000 sheep in temporary slaughterhouses run by Belgian-based Muslims for their coreligionists. The halal meat produced is supplied for the Eid al-Adha holiday feast.
Mr. Weyts previously stated that the use of temporary abattoirs breaches European Union legislation “which permits the slaughter of conscious animals only for religious reasons and in authorised slaughterhouses”, reports the Times of Israel, and could therefore jeopardise all slaughtering of conscious animals.
While both Jewish and Muslim religious laws dictate animals are conscious when their necks are cut — a practice opposed by animal rights activists — kosher slaughter, or shehitah, only occurs in permanent licensed slaughterhouses. As such the current ban has no direct effect on the Jewish community.
Mr. Weyts warns, however, that if exceptions are made for halal slaughter it could jeopardise all slaughter of conscious animals irrespective of venue. He explained:
“Because of motions by animal welfare organisations that hang over our heads, there is uncertainty. If they go to court, they will win right away and that will be a total situation of chaos because then only stunned animals may be slaughtered.”
Now, in a case which will come before the Court of First Instance this Friday, 10 Muslim organisations are calling for ban to be revoked and for €1,000 compensation to be paid for the damage they claim their reputations have suffered, reports RTL.
It is the Muslim groups' second attempt to overturn the ritual slaughter ban. Previously they claimed stopping the use of temporary abattoirs breached their right to freedom of religion and represented a de facto ban on halal methods. That case was thrown out by a Brussels court last September.
The organisations in question pledged further legal action at the time, saying they would go as far as the European Court of Human Rights if need be. Mr. Weyts has expressed his regret at this second set of proceedings, saying:
“They just seem absurd. I've already won one case for interim relief, and the Council of State also said that I am in the right.
“I have just started consultation about the organisation of this year's Feast of Eid al-Adha in September. The same groups that have issued the writ are those that always said that they were in favour of constructive dialogue. A summons delivered on the eve of a meeting, it's a weird way to be constructive.”
Flash flooding is a far greater threat to homes, railways and roads than river or coastal floods but is completely excluded from government plans to deal with increased rainfall
Flash flooding, which struck a swathe of southern and eastern England on Friday, is a greater threat to homes, roads and railways than river or coastal flooding. Yet it was completely excluded from the government's National Flood Resilience Review, published last week.
Worse, the risk of flash flooding is rising, as climate change leads to more intense, more frequent rainstorms: the Met Office has shown that extremely wet days have become more common. On Friday, half a month's rain was dumped in one day.
The problem is the overloading of Britain's antiquated drainage and sewer networks, compounded by the continued concreting over of land for development. The surface water can neither be absorbed nor quickly drained away, leading to flash floods.
Ministers cannot say they were not warned. Flash flooding was the principal cause of the most damaging floods in UK history, which in 2007 caused over £3bn of damage, caused 13 deaths and was classified by the Environment Agency (EA) as a “national disaster”.
In 2013, new maps from the EA showed 3m properties were at risk from flash flooding in England, compared to 2m from river and coastal flooding. Most insurance claims made each year for flood damage are because of flash floods and there are at least 20,000 sewers overflows a year in the UK.
Risks to transport have also been identified: Network Rail is monitoring 200 “high risk” earthworks – embankments and cuttings vulnerable to washing away. In April the Guardian revealed that 57 tube stations are at high risk of flash flooding, including Manor House which flooded on Friday. The London Underground report said it was “only a matter of time” before serious flooding strikes.
After the 2007 disaster, the Pitt review led to new laws in 2010 to implement the use of sustainable drainage systems, which provide safe areas for water to pond. But the provisions were never implemented and instead a voluntary system asking developers to follow these practices was put in place.
But it has not worked: the government's official advisers, the Committee on Climate Change (CCC), found that just 15% of planning applications in areas of flood risk incorporate sustainable drainage measures and in 2015 the CCC warned ministers their plans were inadequate. However, in May, the government successfully opposed a plan to make sustainable drainage compulsory, and to make developers increase the capacity of drains to which new homes are connected.
“The National Flood Resilience Review team was told it was a mistake to exclude surface water flooding from consideration on the basis that the last two major flood events had been river flooding,” said Bob Ward, policy director at the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at the London School of Economics.
“We know our major cities, including London, are vulnerable to surface water problems,” he said. “But the UK remains at risk because the government refuses to confront the problem. The main problem is the inadequacy of the drainage system, which even nine years after the 2007 floods are still not up to the task.”
The EA maps shows that one home in particular is at risk of flash flooding: No 10 Downing Street. Perhaps this might spur prime minister Theresa May to finally take meaningful action.
The Game
MetalChaser is a 3D arcade shooter enhanced with RPG elements. You steer a mighty fighting machine, called Mech, through the postapocalyptic deserts of Earth. Through a basic skill system you can improve your Mech matching your style of playing. In four upgrade categories you can further equip your mech from the wreckages of your enemies. Your Goal is to finish the levels as fast as possible whilst eliminating as many enemies as you can. The best Players will be honored in our Highscores.
Development
MetalChaser started out as a student project, in which we were to apply the skills we had acquired in the previous semesters. We chose to create a 3D video game from scratch, using the Lightweight Java Game Library. Of course, it hardly made the deadline so we decided to continue on our own.
Because of the short amount of time we had, our engine does not in any way meet any present standards, so please, do forgive us for that.
MetalChaser was developed using:
We would also like to thank:
A man pretending to be a law enforcement officer stole a wallet, phone and car keys from a car he pulled over Monday near Seffner, Hillsborough deputies said.
Investigators are looking into whether the man is the same person who pulled over a car on Sunday in Lakeland also stealing a wallet and keys in the process, sheriff's office spokeswoman Debbie Carter said.
In the Hillsborough incident, the suspect pulled behind a man at 9:55 a.m. in the area of Clay Pit Road and County Road 579 by honking his horn and holding what appeared to be a badge out of his window, according to the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office.
The victim pulled over and the suspect identified himself as an undercover narcotics officer, saying he had a warrant for his arrest and needed to search his vehicle, deputies said.
During the search, the suspect took the victim's wallet, car keys and cell phone, deputies said.
The suspect told the man to sit in the back seat of his car.
When the man got out of the suspect's vehicle to retrieve his identification, the suspect drove away in the opposite direction.
He was driving a dark blue Toyota Four Runner or Chevrolet Trail Blazer with gray cloth interior.
In the Lakeland incident, the suspect pulled over a man and his 12-year-old brother-in-law around 2:45 p.m. on Memorial Boulevard near the Lone Palm Golf Course by flashing his headlights, according to the Lakeland Police Department.
The suspect identified himself as a police officer and told the man he had unsecured chairs in the back of his pickup truck, police said.
He asked the man to get out of the pickup and sit in the back of his vehicle, police said.
The suspect then searched the man's pickup while the boy was still in the passenger's seat.
The boy saw the suspect take the man's wallet and keys, police said.
The man was driving a newer model, dark blue, four-door Chevrolet Envoy.
Getty Images
Jim Harbaugh was a teammate of Marvin Harrison's for two years. He was an assistant coach on a Raiders team that had Jerry Rice and Tim Brown. He was a contemporary of Steve Largent and Cris Carter. As a boy who loved football he surely grew up watching Fred Biletnikoff and Lynn Swann. He's no doubt watched NFL Films footage of Raymond Berry. In his first year as the 49ers' head coach his team played against Larry Fitzgerald and Calvin Johnson. He's seen many great wide receivers with great hands.
And apparently he's had a bad case of amnesia that made him forget all of that.
That's the only possible explanation for the statement Harbaugh made about his own receiver on the 49ers, Michael Crabtree, who according to Harbaugh has better hands than any of those receivers, or any other receiver he has ever watched play in a lifetime around the game of football.
“Crab's got the best hands I've ever seen on a wide receiver,” Harbaugh said on KNBR-680, via CSNBayArea.com.
Sure, Crabtree is a talented receiver who had his best season yet last year with 72 catches, but saying Crabtree has the best hands he's ever seen just sounds crazy, not to mention a little insulting to the many great receivers Harbaugh has seen in person through the years. Perhaps Harbaugh just wants to show Crabtree that his coach is confident in him, and he's willing to go a little overboard to express that confidence.
That's the explanation I'll go with when Harbaugh says Alex Smith has the best arm he's ever seen.
Sooner rather than later you'll have a computer attached to your face, and for some, it'll happen as early as next year. Why? Because the era of wearable computing is dawning as startups and established tech companies focus their efforts on designing eyewear that converges the digital and real worlds right before your eyes.
Whether you wear this headgear in the comfort of your living room or as you walk around in daily life, during your leisure time or at all times, or for work or play, the inescapable truth is that computers are taking the next logical step in their evolution from big chunky boxes to smaller wearable forms, which will open up new ways to be productive, social, and entertained. This window into connected life will take either of two forms: augmented reality, in which a digital interface is blended with the physical world, or virtual reality, where complete immersion in a synthetic world is achieved.
The key development in 2013 will be computers molded to human anatomy (finally!).
During the time that IBM introduced personal computers into the mainstream three decades ago, the concept of wearable computers emerged, primarily due to the 1983 film Brainstorm that featured a massive helmet device capable of capturing video and recording human sensations. Then in the 1990s, the functionality of PCs was expanded as they became even more connected through the Internet and the promise of greater mobility loomed with high-end notebooks (laptops) hitting the market.
But three things kept most computers firmly planted on desktops everywhere: the dependency on the electrical grid for power, the need for Ethernet cables to network, and a clunky form factor that has changed little since the first PCs.
Today, battery technology allows computers increasingly longer periods of time away from the grid. WiFi and other wireless technologies have effectively cut the Ethernet umbilicus allowing mobile computing to become widespread. But advances in electronics and miniaturization have yet to free computers from their recognizable rectangular forms. Even smartphones mimic the black brick forms of their monolithic-like predecessors.
It's time for computers to integrate with biology, and there's no better place to start than with the eyes.
That's exactly what Google has in mind. The April announcement for Project Glass last April was paradigm shifting in that it promised a connected anytime, anywhere minimalistic device that seemed to integrate easily into life and yet wasn't a smartphone. The Glass conceptual video that was released showed how functionalities of smartphones and web browsers could potentially be merged into an augmented reality user experience that was nonintrusive, fluid, and powerful. With this video, Google demonstrated its post-PC vision is one in which a computer serves as your wingman, allowing you to take center stage but ready to assist.
Since the initial unveiling, Glass prototypes have been donned by Google co-founders Sergei Brin and Larry Page, Google employees, and even models at a fashion show. Brin told Bloomberg that developer versions of the device called Explorer Editions would be out in early 2013 and “within a year after that I want to have broad consumer offering.” Now it could be that Google Glass won't hit shelves until 2014, but you can guarantee that every sighting and news tip about the headset will be all over the media next year as developers talk about their experiences and what they hope to host on the device.
But Google doesn't have a corner on augmented reality. In fact, a number of Glass-like eyewear projects have shown up — some on crowdfunding sites and others from talented DIY enthusiasts — having more limited functionality, at least in the prototype stage. For instance, the startup Vergence Labs turned to crowdfunding sites Kickstarter, and later Indiegogo, to develop its social video sharing sunglasses, which allow a user to take photos or stream from first-person point of view. The project was successfully funded, overcoming a negative association with the bandit-like ZionEyez project (that raised $344,000 on Kickstarter in July of 2011 then disappeared). A few months back, a UK developer hacked the commercially available Vuzix video eyewear (letting you watch movies on sunglasses) to make a real-time language translator that shows translations of a foreign language as captions to the viewer.
Whether any of these specific projects become legitimate contenders to Google's Android-based device remains to be seen, but there's no doubt that many parties are looking at these glasses as the form factor that just might replace the mobile phone.
While these eyewear prototypes focus on augmenting vision with computers, others are looking at bringing full displays right before your eyes to deliver virtual reality goggles. This summer, a startup named Oculus ran an incredibly successful Kickstarter campaign for its Rift goggles. Bringing in nearly 10 times the requested funds and acquiring 9,522 backers, the total amount raised totaled $2.4 million. But unlike other crowdfunding campaigns aimed at getting gadgets directly to customers (like the Ouya console), the Rift project was aimed at getting prototype kits into the hands of developers and attracting them by garnering the support of some game industry heavyweights. In the end, nearly 75 percent of backers were slated to receive the dev kits, which means that integration into games and other software can be offered when the consumer version of the goggles go live.
Here was the Kickstarter pitch for the Rift goggles:
In an interesting development, Valve developer Michael Abrash and its president, Gabe Newell, throw in their support for the Rift goggles in the video. Last spring, only a few weeks after the announcement from Google Glass was released, Abrash put up a blog post stating that Valve itself would be venturing into hardware for augmented/virtual reality. In fact, Abrash called this project “wearable computing,” coining the phrase, and leading the game developer on yet another one of its recent nontraditional directions. Abrash recently told The New York Times that “credible augmented-reality games could be three to five years away” after virtual reality glasses hit the scene. Though Valve may not ultimately manufacture any headgear in the end, the game developer has expressed a commitment to share what it learns openly with companies interested in developing devices, according to the article.
The initial focus on gaming makes sense for virtual reality hardware. After all, gamers are eager for technology that creates better immersion, whether it's needed for fast reaction time or deep connection to characters in a story. Virtual reality goggles may get honed in the gaming space, but the technology will expand into other areas as developers better understand how it can be utilized, just as Second Life has demonstrated how virtual worlds can be about more than just games. Ultimately, a headset that could allow the transition from regular eyewear into augmented reality and finally into full blown virtual worlds would provide the kind of all-in-one device that has made smartphones popular.
Next year is shaping up to be all about headsets, but developers are looking into other ways to make computers wearable. A recently issued patent uncovered Google's efforts to create a computer that would be a Minority Report-like Smart Glove. Another big player, Microsoft, is exploring a “wearable multitouch projector“, a device (possibly glasses or something else) that projects the screen outward, turning any surface into a touch interface. These developments are taking place even as organic LEDs, long considered to be ideal for embedding displays into clothing, become cheaper.
With so many developers, entrepreneurs, and hackers pushing into wearable computing, our relationship with technology is poised to change and change quickly. Once computers migrate from being next to us to being worn on us, how long before they become a part of us?
Regardless of the augmented/virtual-reality hardware and software that ultimately rises to become the next standard by which all other devices are measured, wearable computers are destined to carve out for themselves some part of your field of vision. Let's face it — we're being assimilated into a cybernetic relationship with computer technology, and though we may hold out, ultimately resistance is futile.
Bob Turner smiles as he delivers his victory speech during an election night party.
A Republican television executive with no political experience beat his Democratic opponent in a special election Tuesday for the open seat vacated by disgracedformer Rep. Anthony Weiner, becoming the first Republican to represent the district in an election watched around the nation.
Voter frustration over the sour economy and President Obama's policies helped Republican political novice, Bob Turner, score an upset victory over David Weprin, a Democratic assemblyman from a prominent political family.
The White House said Wednesday it does not view the defeat as a referendum on the president.
White House spokesman Jay Carney says special elections are unique and don't reveal much about the outcome of future regularly scheduled votes.
"You can make those predictions and look foolish in 14 months or not," Carney said. "I'm simply saying we do not view them that way."
Democrats have a 3-1 registration edge in the Brooklyn and Queens-area district where voters cast their ballots Tuesday.
In his victory speech, Turner said the results portend a perilous national environment for Obama as he prepares to seek re-election next year.
"This message will resound for a full year. It will resound into 2012," said Turner. "I only hope our voices are heard, and we can start putting things right again."
Weprin conceded defeat Wednesday.
The national mood has darkened since May, when Democrats scored their own unexpected win in another New York special election. Then, Democrat Kathy Hochul won an upset victory in a heavily Republican district by stressing her commitment to protecting Medicare, the government health plan for seniors.
Weprin tried to adopt that strategy, warning that Turner would try to cut programs like Medicare and Social Security. But with unemployment still stubbornly high and voters upset with Washington over the debt ceiling negotiations, the pledge to protect entitlements was less resonant this time.
Weprin, a 56-year-old Orthodox Jew and member of a prominent Queens political family, initially seemed a good fit for the largely white, working-class district, which is nearly 40 percent Jewish.
But voter frustration with Obama put Weprin in the unlikely spot of playing defense.
While Obama won the district by 11 points in 2008 against Republican John McCain, a Siena Poll released Friday found just 43 percent of likely voters approved of the president's job performance, while 54 percent said they disapproved. Among independents, just 29 percent said they approved of Obama's job performance.
Turner, a 70-year-old Catholic, vowed to push back on Obama's policies. He received help from prominent Republicans including former Mayor Rudy Giuliani.
Weprin also became embroiled in disputes over Israel and gay marriage, which cost him some support among Jewish voters.
Orthodox Jews, who tend to be conservative on social issues, expressed anger over Weprin's vote in the Assembly to legalize gay marriage. In July, New York became one of six states to recognize same-sex nuptials.
Former Mayor Ed Koch, a Democrat, endorsed Turner in July as a way to "send a message" to Obama on his policies toward Israel. And Weprin was challenged on his support of a proposed Islamic center and mosque near the World Trade Center site.
Democratic leaders trying to explain their bad night blamed it on the quirkiness of low-turnout special elections.
"The results in NY-09 are not reflective of what will happen in November 2012 when Democratic challengers run against Republican incumbents who voted to end Medicare and cut Social Security while protecting tax loopholes for big corporations and the ultra wealthy," said Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chairman Steve Israel of New York.
Republicans, for their part, seized on Turner's win as reason to push back on Obama's proposed $447 billion jobs program, which he has been promoting at stops across the country.
"Tonight New Yorkers have delivered a strong warning to the Democrats who control the levers of power in our federal government," House Speaker John Boehner said in a statement. "It's time to scrap the failed 'stimulus' agenda."
The House seat opened up when former Weiner was pushed by party leaders to resign after sending sexually provocative tweets and text messages to women he met online.
As promised here comes T-Engine4 and ToME4 beta22 ! See http://te4.org/
Piles of new stuff, classes, racial trees, zones, lores, quests and more!
Don't forget to help ToME by with donations( http://te4.org/donate ) !
Release highlights:
Many fixes
New class: the Paradox Mage, a pure caster chronomancer class!
New class: the Brawler, a barehanded stance-based melee combatant
New zones: orc breeding pits, the ring of blood, the golem graveyard
New quests
Racial trees: each race now has a racial tree further defining it
NPCs scale better with levels
Many tweaks
Expanded changelist:﻿
Elandar and Argoniel now have fixed resistances, no more physical immune endgame bosses
Added resolvers.levelup() (check how it works on ToME's dragons)
resolvers.talents{} can now take a table for each talent value which specifies how and when the talent is level'ed up
Dragons have lost summoning; but they are now more formidable foes
Added an option to not have chats appear in the game log
Rings and amulets can now be double egos
New options to select UI style, font style and font size; Small screen users rejoince!
Fix a bug when putting on an inscription of which type you have too many already
Fix bloodied lore notes
Fix presing escape when using the Attack talent
Fix a bug with Extract Gem
Lore popups can be exited with Enter
Fix Arcane Combat trigger %
Fix Flare
Archery now behaves more like other bolt spells, it can be targetted to empty squares
Right click map menu now shows the projection path (just like when targetting manually)
Stealth will not make the world fully grey, itwill only tarnish the colors a bit
Updated the Main Menu with the new tiles and more level types
Zones now have material level restrictions. Gone are the days of degenerated skeleton warriors powning you with voratun greatswords!
Artifacts sold to shops will now be gone forever.
Most things that happened on actor's turn now happen on game's turn. Due to this change Movement Infusion, Lightning Speed and Step Up now provide their buff for a veyr low number of turns (usualy one or two), but since they are game turns they give ample player turns
Changed the drop system to a two steps system: First the game chooses the quality of the item (unique, double greater, greater, ...) and then the actual object is selected. Quality chance varies by levels and by drop source (bosses obviously drop better stuff).
Sunwall is no longer automatically hostile to the assassin's lair
Snow Giant Boulder Throwers are now distinguishable from the ground in the Daikara
Changed how movement speed bonuses affect actors, to prevent running into the negatives!
Changed the checkhit method to make low and high results more significant
Fix Gem Golem
Replace Mana Tap with Supercharge Golem for Alchemists - it will instantly bring back a dead golem to life and give it a big regen boost and damage boost
Lowered Celerities movement speedbonus
Lowered AP and Damage on Weapon Folding
Made the stun on Borrowed Time irresistable and lowered the actual effect duration so it coincides with the tooltip
Decreased Quantum Feed and Strength of Purpose stat increases but increased saving throw bonus
New option to disable left click movement
Immovable creatures can not be knocked back
Eternal Bone Golems changed color slightly to be visible in Tannen's tower
Reduced sustain cost of Quicken Spells
Make the Fall of Zigur reward more obvious
Fix tracking of Pyromancer & Cryomancer achievements
Fixed Derth after the lightning quest - they wont thank the mages if you sided with Zigur
Norgan will correctly levelup now
Curse of Death now fully prevents regen (not healing)
Orc ambushes now use a slightly bigger map with slightly fewer orcs
Fix Reavers dual wielding a 2h weapon and a 1h weapon
Traps can be placed in adjacent tiles again
Bellowing Roar now uses strength for the save test
Creatures now levelup stats as bonuses, they can go over 100
Rune: Speed does not take a turn to activate anymore
The C core is not split into a shared library (.so/.dll/...). The game executable is now a very simple runner that takes a core name and dynamically loads and runs it. This will allow the game to make updates even if the C core changes, since it can simply download the new dll and place it along the other engine stuff. This means that in the future when a module needs a version of the engine no present it will simply download it and switch to it. Same for old savefiles, they will use the current module & engine version to run.
Zigur arena and Derth arena now allows collecting loot before leaving
Middle mouse click can be assigned to talents too
Pressing escape on the self target dialog will properly cancel
Objects with activates now spend their turns after being activated
Fixed donation dialog
Fix description radius on some psi talents
Target passing between NPCs only happens when theyr are friendly (not neutral) toward one another. This should fix the "veneration" of alchemists in towns
Dropping (destroying) and item from the inventory will correctly update inventory
Rename Attack to Accuracy
The mage apprentice can not pop in a spot where it blocks your character
Teleport is now allowed again on the endboss fight but controlled phase door will have somewhat higher chance of fizzling
Reshape Weapon/Armour can not be used on quest items
Bloodbath now correctly resets its duration when a new crit happens, instead of decreasing and re-increasing the total life
Limmir now creates artifact amulets (normal ring making is still available)
Dominate Will does not work on Sandworm tunnelers
All races now possess racial talents that can be learned using generic talents
Humanoid NPCs now have access to racial trees, jsut like the players
Vaults now use the new loot table system, they improve the default zone drops and thus are guaranted to store great items
Psionic focus slot now has a quickslot version, and switches with 'X'
Aura spike damage nerfed to not scale so ridiculously with willpower
Thermal aura spike damage reduced to balance the huge area of effect
Reshaping something that already has negative fatigue no longer sets it to zero
Charged Leech now properly returns energy when it strikes the killing blow
Superhuman leap renamed and no longer causes problems when you land directly on somebody
Damage from auras and Beyond the Flesh attacks will now break Wild Speed
Leech cooldowns reduced
Shield of Light should no longer break when under the effects of burning hex
Better running algorithm
Recalling will fail when you can not move, to prevent being stuck on the worldmap
The Slime tree is back, for antimagic users!
Antimagic users when they get a magic escort can pretend to accept to help. The ending will be different though.
New fun lore about halflings
New lore: The Legend of Garkul, in the Gurshnak pride. This is a very long and epic tale. You *want* to read it
New zone encounter in the east: the Orc Breeding Pit, with some new interresting lore giving a new perspective on the orcs
Added new npcs: liches; they are very rare and qutie physicaly weak. But they will destroy you if you let them play
Most NPCs now scale better with level, they levelup their innate melee damage if they dont use a weapon and they levelup their talents
Reduced Bill HP somewhat
Bosses get a few more HP
Returning from the Eidolon plane now tries evry hard to place you on the map
Correct dwarf intro text
Fix bug when saving profile data would error out while saving the game
Prevent color bleeding in talent requirements
Townfolk now can have random chatter when backup guardians are up
New tiles for the Daikara
New zone: the Golem Graveyard
Random worldmap encounters that create an entry to a zone are now on the map (randomized) since birth (this thus does not affect "trap-door" encounters)
Recreated Last Hope
Most towns now have split shops (light armour, haevy armour, swords, axes, ...)
Shops now only restock upon "important" game events (which is not often)
Fixed Carrier
New quest: the brotherhood of alchemists. Go talk to your favorite aclehmist(s)!
Yeeks get their very own special game ending when beating the sorcerers
The endgame text can now vary based on various actions done in quests
New achievement for saving Melinda
Siding with the grand corruptor now has an impact on endgame text
New class: Paradox Mage. That's it: chronomancy to its fullest! Time manipulation, timetravel, multiple timelines, age control, ... You name it, they've got it! (Note: unlock might now be what it appears. Think paradox.)
New quest for Temporal Wardens
"Quick" weapon ego now increases weapon speed, not global attack speed
Dwarves dont start on a staircase to the worldmap anymore
Golem can not pick up plot items
Plot items are described as such
10 new vaults!
New class: Brawlers, they are unarmed melee fighters with difference combat stances and grappling attacks
New random encounter: the Ring of Blood
Player tiles
Tactical display now has a special contour for bosses and for the player.
Reworked the Gates of Morning
Temporal Wardens no longer have access to the Temporal Archery tree but Spacetime Folding is less melee specific
Borrowed Time now increases global speed by 100% to account for timed effect changes
Foresight now only triggers when the attack does 10% or more of your hit points
New Spactime Folding talent, Swap. This replaces Kinetic Folding
Inverted Campaign and Difficulty selection on birth. Removed stupid combos (like Arena/Adventure as extra lifes never worked there)
Paradox damage scaling effects lessened at high and low values
Have fun!
The top 10 highest paid coaches in college football consist of four in the SEC (Steve Spurrier, Les Miles, Kevin Sumlin, Nick Saban), four in the Big Ten (Kirk Ferentz, James Franklin, Urban Meyer, Mark Dantonio) and two in the Big 12 (Bob Stoops, Charlie Strong).
One thing that can be noticed from the full list of coaches salary in the sport is that three of the top four highest paid assistant staffs are in SEC schools: Alabama, LSU and Auburn, giving us a glimpse of why this conference has been so successful in the last decade or so.
Steve Spurrier, South Carolina – $4,016,900
The 69 year-old who has won a national championship back when he was coaching Florida has bonus clauses worth up to $1.7 million. He won't be seeing a lot of it in 2014 as South Carolina finished 6-6 in the regular season, tied for their worst since Spurrier became the head coach in 2005, following three consecutive finishes in the top 10 with 11-2 seasons. If they lost the bowl game, it'll be the first losing season under Spurrier.
Kirk Ferentz, Iowa Hawkeyes – $4,075,000
After 16 seasons in Iowa City, there are more and more calls for Ferentz to end his tenure as the head coach of the Hawkeyes. They've lost five or more games in five consecutive seasons, and even winning a bowl game this year won't take away the feeling of having enough. Ferentz did lead them to four seasons of 10 or more wins, including winning the Big Ten twice, but that was over a decade ago. His biggest achivement of late was winning the Orange Bowl following the 2009 season, the last time Iowa were ranked at the end of a season.
James Franklin, Penn State – $4,300,000
In his first season with the Nittany Lions, Franklin put together a 6-6 campaign, disappointing in the eyes of many. However, with the offensive line he had, it's not that of a surprise, and it'll be his recruiting classes and the next two years that determine whether or not hiring him from Vanderbilt was a smart decision. Franklin, 30-21 in four seasons as a head coach, has a max bonus of $1 million.
Les Miles, LSU – $4,369,582
Despite the rumors, Miles isn't going anywhere, and will coach the Tigers for his 11th season in 2015. Miles won the national championship with LSU in 2007, taking them to the championship game again four years later, losing to Alabama. Despite a 103-28 record in Baton Rouge, losing three games or more in each of the last three seasons has people questioning whether or not it's time to move on. Miles has a max bonus of $700,000.
Urban Meyer, Ohio State – $4,536,640
Meyer won two national championships with Florida and after taking a season away from the game in 2011 left the SEC to lead the Buckeyes following their sanctions from the Jim Tressel era. The Buckeyes have a 36-3 record under Meyer including a perfect 24-0 in the Big Ten regular season. This year he won the conference for the first time, leading Ohio State to the playoff. He has a max bonus of $550,000.
Charlie Strong, Texas – $5,000,270
Strong just finished his first season in Texas following an easier and more successful time with Louisville. The Longhorns finished 6-6, taking them to the Texas Bowl, doing about as well as expected, although it did include some embarrassing blowouts at home and an offense that struggled with Tyrone Swoopes at quarterback. Strong has a max bonus of $1 million.
Kevin Sumlin, Texas A&M – $5,006,000
In his first year with Johnny Manziel Sumlin failed to take the Aggies to previous heights, finishing at just 7-5 and 3-5 in the SEC. After two seasons of 20 wins, this puts a lot of pressure on the 50-year old coach to make progress in 2015 and no, winning the Liberty Bowl against West Virginia won't really impress anyone. Sumlin has a $750,00 max bonus clause.
Bob Stoops, Oklahoma – $5,058,333
Stoops has been the head coach at Oklahoma since 1999, finishing with less than 10 wins just four times. The Sooners were only 8-4 this season, their worst since 2009, and not winning the conference title for two years in a row is also something that has never happened under Stoops. He has a 168-43 record in Norman with one national championship and eight Big 12 titles. His max bonus number is $819,500.
Mark Dantonio, Michigan State – $5,636,145
Mark Dantonio failed to win the Big Ten this season, but it's the second straight year the Spartans are going to a New Year's Bowl game, playing Baylor in the Cotton Bowl. Dantonio has brought Michigan State back to the forefront of the conference, winning it twice and peaked so far with finishing #3 in the nation last year following a Rose Bowl victory over Stanford. He has a max bonus of $650,000.
Nick Saban, Alabama – $7,160,187
Since Nick Saban has made his return to the SEC and college football, he has taken Alabama to three national championship games, winning them all, and winning the SEC four times. He has a 86-16 record and 50-11 in the conference. He was very close to leaving the school for Texas last year, but the Crimson Tide made him an offer he couldn't refuse, which includes a max bonus of $700,000.
Johnnaman wrote: >Be Slutcat
LimeBreaker wrote: You solved the puzzle! That means you can flip the table!
While you can appreciate the table flipping thing on a symbolic level, this table still weighs like two hundred pounds. It's not going anywhere.
Contrast wrote: Raise an eyebrow, then ask if the weird ghost is referring to your flaky Telekinesis, which is barely capable of flipping a breadstick even under the best of circumstances.
You turn your attention back to the ghost and ask if he means, like… telekinesis?
Exactly, he says! The baguettes and butter of any witchhunter's arsenal! It's the most basic, most elegant, and most useful form of mysticism: the art of taking something that shouldn't move, and respectfully disagreeing with its questionable life choices. The simple act of making something happen just because it's possible, not because it's likely. Surely, you have experience with it?
You've, ah, knocked some things over, you explain. One time you flipped some pews in a burning chapel, but you were in kind of bad place and don't think you could do it again. It's not something you can really control.
No, the ghost says, it's something you don't know how to control. You should've learned by now that what you know and what does real don't necessarily overlap.
InnerLioness wrote: FLIP THE FUCKING TABLE!
Slajmo wrote: You solved the puzzle Katia, now flip the table!
FLIP IT WITH ALL YOUR MIGHT
Alright, so the telekinesis is something you don't know how to control. That doesn't make it any better. You don't exactly have access to any kind of training, and you don't really know where to begin figuring this stuff out on your own.
The guardian spirit raises a ghostly eyebrow. Surely, if you've used telekinesis before, you found something that worked.
You, er, confess that when you used telekinesis in the past, it was by coming up with obscure derogatory puns comparing yourself to any animal besides a cat. Usually a bird.
Bird puns, he asks. Yeah, you say. That's the kind of shit people do for destruction magic, not mysticism, he says. Well you're sorry, you say. It's almost like you're a homeless immigrant with no formal magic education who has no way of knowing this stuff. Honestly, he says, it'd be impressive if you could even knock over a domino using your telekinesis in such a brutish way.
So how am I supposed to do it, you ask?
Like a witchhunter, he replies. Rather than pushing with sheer force of will, push with your mind! Give something a reason to move, rather than supplying the force yourself. Your old angle may have been brutish, but you found something that works. You just have to refine it into something that works well.
So… you want me to reverse-engineer nonsensical bird puns into a cohesive reason that inanimate objects should be able to move by their own free will?
Exactly! And look, there is even an unsolved puzzle on this table! You should solve it telekinetically, he says. I just solved that puzzle literally two minutes ago, you say. The ghost says he doesn't remember that and he thinks you're making it up.
Contrast wrote: If he is indeed referring to your flaky Telekinesis, remember to take off your amulet before you attempt to cast it. Wouldn't want to look stupid.
Radar wrote: Take off that amulet. You got some magic to do!
As soon as you reach for your amulet, the ghost holds up a hand to stop you.
Woah woah woah, he says. Is that an amulet of silence?
Yeah, you say. Is that a… problem?
No, he says. In fact, that's a good thing. Why don't you keep that on?
Be…because you need to take it off to cast spells, you say.
The ghost says he's not asking you to cast a spell. He's asking you to use magic. An amulet's not going to stop that.
Pradd wrote: tell about incident with uncontrolled fire.
Wait, hold on a second. You're saying that an amulet of silence, even when it's working fine, doesn't stop all magic?
Well, yeah, he says. If a silencing spell stopped all magic, then it would instantly kill ghosts, daedra, imps, vampires, wisps, or any other kind of magical creature – maybe even Khajiit. All a silencing spell does is keep you from guiding your magic into complex spells.
So if I was, say, wearing an amulet of silence, and then everything around me started uncontrollably catching on fire, even things that shouldn't burn, that's… normal?
No, he says, that's fucking weird. But it's possible.
It's like… imagine your magic is a horse. No, a unicorn! This entire analogy just works better with a unicorn.
Maybe you trained it a little, and maybe you keep it in a stable when you're not using it, but this unicorn is still out there doing its own thing. And if there is a bridge or something over a road, it can just run right under it. Its horn might scrape along the bottom and make some sparks if its head is too high, but that's not going to stop a fucking unicorn.
But when you stick a rider on that unicorn, all of a sudden those bridges become a problem. You have more control over what the unicorn does, but you're gonna waste a ton of energy trying to not fall off of it and also if you try to go under a low bridge it is probably going to take your head off. That's not a mistake I'm making a second time.
Anyway, I think the bridge stood for something you were talking about, but I don't remember what. I remember my analogy was amazingly apt, though. That's basically how you have to look at things if you want to use telekinesis proper.
woundedkneecap wrote: Use magic! Yeah, magic! Wait! The only magic you know is the kind that burns things down. Katia, ask Aggy how you are supposed to move the pieces with magic.
So… what you're saying is that to use telekinesis, the most basic piece of mysticism, I need to reverse engineer bird puns into a logical argument for why inanimate objects should move by their own accord, which I then use to tame a metaphorical unicorn into affecting the world around me?
Exactly, the ghost says. Told you mysticism was a piece of cake!
Additional resource credits:
Cider – the usual
The man attempted to obtain a court order which would have barred his wife from sending their “very bright” children to more mainstream Jewish schools where he feared they would lose contact with the traditions and community in which they had been brought up.
He objected to the prospect of his daughters being sent to a mixed-gender school and to his children having unrestricted access to television, cinema, "certain newspapers", the internet and social networking sites, the court heard.
During their 10-year marriage, which ended two years ago, the couple observed the traditions the conservative Chareidi Jewish community in London.
Their observances precluded them switching on a light, catching a bus or making a phone call on the Sabbath.
But after studying for an Open University masters degree, the mother has forged her own career and wants her children to have the schooling she says she never had.
Eleanor Platt QC, representing the father, told the court that he was deeply concerned that his former wife would lead his children away from their community and denigrate his lifestyle in their eyes.
She said that the children are thriving at their current schools and moving them away from the lifestyle would cause emotional harm by separating them from friends they had known all their lives, who might in turn be forbidden from associating with them.
Miss Platt added that the mother now lives a long walk away from the nearest synagogue, a serious problem in traditons in which even use of a pushchair is forbidden on the Sabbath.
But the mother told the court that educating the children at an ordinary Jewish school would give them "infinitely superior opportunities".
The Appeal Court judges rejected the father's application for a joint residency order and for the mother to be refused permission to move the children to new schools.
Lord Justice Maurice Kay, Lord Justice Munby and Sir Stephen Sedley will give detailed reasons for their decision at a later date.
MPs claim Dorset Private GP service, at up to £145 per appointment, will mean NHS patients without money will wait even longer for care
Family doctors in Bournemouth have set up the first private GP service at which people who pay up to £145 a time will be seen faster and get longer appointments than their NHS patients.
The creation of the clinic has prompted fears that other GPs will follow suit and that NHS patients will become “second-class citizens” as general practice increasingly becomes a two-tier health service.
The three doctors running the Dorset Private GP service are offering “the unhurried, thorough, personal care we believe is best for patients” – at a price. Patients pay £40 for a 10-minute phone consultation, £80 for a 20-minute face-to-face appointment and £145 for 40 minutes with a GP.
Labour calls for OBR-style watchdog to assess NHS finances Read more
“With the NHS sometimes struggling to offer a quality service now is the time to choose a private doctor,” according to the website for the trio's venture. They offer times that suit patients and the chance to see the same GP at each visit, benefits that few NHS patients are offered any more because of the heavy and growing pressures on family doctor surgeries.
Those who pay receive their appointment at the same Poole Road Medical Centre in Bournemouth where the GPs see the NHS patients on their practice list. However, private patients in effect jump the queue to be seen as they can get appointments on the day, whereas ordinary patients can wait up to four weeks for an appointment lasting just seven minutes.
GPs are barred under the terms of their contract from offering private medical services to patients on their practice list. However, the Dorset Private GP service is not breaking any rules because it is only offering the service to other people.
“This looks like the thin end of the wedge. There are really worrying signs that a two-tier NHS is emerging under Theresa May's leadership,” said Jonathan Ashworth, Labour's shadow health secretary.
“The relentless underfunding of healthcare has meant that practitioners in many parts of the country are struggling to keep the service going, but the news that private patients are being offered the chance to skip the queue comes as a real shock.”
Norman Lamb, the Liberal Democrat health spokesman, warned that the service risked opening up a divide between those who can and cannot afford to pay upfront charges for healthcare.
“We are also witnessing increasing numbers of people, who have the resources to do so, opting out of the NHS to fast-track treatment. The inevitable result will be a two-tier system. Those without money will just be left waiting longer for care.
We are rightly proud that our NHS is free. Let's keep it that way | Ann Robinson Read more
“There will be a great temptation for some GPs involved to prioritise private work over NHS work. This would lead to NHS patients being treated as second-class citizens,” he added.
Dr Tim Alder, the main GP behind the scheme, defended the setting-up of the service and warned that NHS general practice was on “the brink of collapse” and heading for privatisation because it was underfunded, facing a serious staff shortage and unable to cope with demand.
“Five years ago there would be far more people saying ‘how dare you do this to the NHS' and ‘you're causing it to fall apart by doing this', rather than the other way around. But now most people understand why and are quite interested. They see it as an option for the future themselves,” Alder told the Southern Daily Echo.
“I'd love to be able to say ‘you can have 20 minutes with me on the NHS', but that is not going to happen until we have twice as many GPs. We certainly won't be using NHS resources, we'll use ours, which means if we do this in NHS time, we'll find cover for that,” he added.
Alder predicted that NHS underfunding of general practice and the takeover of surgeries by private firms such as Virgin Care could lead to GP surgeries – which are private businesses and not controlled by the NHS – charging all patients.
“Sadly the NHS is no longer prioritising [quality general practice] and we can see a time when traditional GPs are private and the majority of patients are instead seen in clinics based in hospitals like minor A&E departments. The personal touch and the ‘whole patient' knowledge will be lost,” Alder added.
A big project at the Saskatchewan Legislative Building has received a major award.
Last week, a panel of industry experts gave the North American Copper in Architecture Award to the province's legislative dome restoration project.
The project took more than a year and cost $21 million to finish. According to the province, tens of thousands of pounds of new copper was used to repair or replace damaged sections.
"We are pleased to recognize the fine work that went into the Saskatchewan Legislative building's dome," said Canadian Copper and Brass Development Association executive director Stephen A.W. Knapp. "It is an outstanding Canadian restoration effort."
The dome needed to be restored to preserve the legislative building. Hundreds of tradespeople worked on the restoration.
PCL Construction Management, who carried out the construction, and subcontractor Empire Restoration nominated the dome project for the award.
Do you have a moogle tattoo?
Are you the biggest fan of Final Fantasy ever? Good, but think bigger. BIGGER. Square Enix is looking for a Super fan, and they hope to crown the first one ever to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Final Fantasy series.
With the title comes a listing in the credits of upcoming game Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII. They'll also recieve two tickets to the Distant Worlds concert in Paris, France, set for January 12, 2013.
To prove your superfandom you'll have to submit an original video to this website when the contest goes live.
Something tells me that you'll have to do better than dressing up like a chocobo. Can I enter? I can play about 40 Final Fantasy classic tunes on piano by memory, and I've arranged several more.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Wikipedia doesn't want skewed content written by editors who are being paid. Photo by Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images
In 2012 Wikipedia endured a voluntary 24-hour blackout to advocate for a free and open Internet. It made a powerful statement, but probably the biggest accomplishment was simply reminding everyone of just how often they consult the site. And such a prominent source of information needs to be accurate.
The Wikimedia Foundation, the nonprofit that runs Wikipedia, is worried, though, that editors are being paid to write biased content. PR people or anyone looking to manage an aspect of public perception might take to Wikipedia to talk someone up, disparage an opponent, or generally frame information in an advantageous way. And this could be misleading to the roughly 500 million users who visit Wikipedia each month and trust that everything was written by volunteers.
To improve the situation, Wikipedia is changing its terms of use so that people who are paid to edit articles have to disclose their conflicts of interest in their editor account. In a blog post announcing the change, the Wikimedia Foundation wrote, “We believe that undisclosed paid advocacy editing is a black hat practice that can threaten the trust of Wikimedia's volunteers and readers. We have serious concerns about the way that such editing affects the neutrality and reliability of Wikipedia.”
Paid editing has led to weird situation like excessive promotion of Gibraltar, the British territory near the Mediterranean, on Wikipedia's “Did You Know?” page. Gibraltar was featured on the page 17 times, more than any topic except the Olympics. And, as the Journal points out, a recent ad on a Wikipedia bulletin board offered thousands of dollars for someone to do “crisis management” of Banc de Binary's Wikipedia page. The firm, which is based in Cyprus, has recently had legal trouble with U.S. regulators.
Additionally, a group of major PR firms, including Edelman and Ogilvy & Mather, announced last week that the participants agreed with a Wikimedia Foundation statement from October about paid editing and wouldn't engage in surreptitious editing anymore. Though the agreement is a step forward, it came out of the blue for Wikimedia. Katherine Maher, Wikimedia's chief communications officer, told the Wall Street Journal, “We didn't know the PR firms' statement was going to be published. No one from the foundation was consulted.”
It seems that PR firms may be participating in the agreement as a form of image control for themselves. Bill Beutler, the president of Beutler Ink, which is part of the no-edit coalition, told Ad Age, “There's always a new case of someone getting their hand caught in the proverbial cookie jar. It's been frustrating to me that whenever PR comes up in the news it's because they've done something they shouldn't.”
It will be a big victory for the Wikimedia Foundation if the revised terms of service and PR consortium succeed in reducing paid editing on Wikipedia. And within the volunteer editors' community the discussion is ongoing. Plus Wikimedia seems to be handling its own PR pretty well with a simple and direct message. Maher told the Journal, “we're not an advertising service; we're an encyclopedia.”
Image caption Dull in Perthshire approached Boring in Oregon about forming a partnership
The US town of Boring in Oregon has voted in favour of "pairing" with the village of Dull in Perthshire.
Boring decided for the move in the interests of trans-Atlantic relations, tourism and humour, after being approached by residents in Dull.
The decision means both places can sell novelty tourist items, get quirky road signs made and plan exchange visits.
The difference in size between Boring and Dull meant they could not officially become twin towns.
Boring has a population of 12,000 while Dull is a tiny village.
The Boring Community Planning Council voted in favour of a "declaration of pairing" after being approached by the Dull Women's Book Club.
The BBC's Alastair Leithead in Los Angeles says both settlements profess to be much more interesting than they sound - and are keen to cash in on inquisitive tourists.
The Dull and Weem Community Council intends to mark the partnership with a new road sign and a street party on 23 June.
'Stop for photos'
Community council chairwoman Marjorie Keddie has said the party would show "that we are neither dull nor boring".
Mrs Keddie added: "We are also excited at the prospect of a new road sign, which will say something like 'Dull, in association with Boring' or 'in sisterhood with Boring'.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Boring's Steve Bates tells BBC Radio 5 live why they linked up with Dull
"I'm sure it will stop a few people in their tracks for photos."
"Extra tourism is the main reason we're doing this, as most of the businesses here are holiday homes and lodges."
The potential link between the two locations was the brainchild of Perthshire resident Elizabeth Leighton, who passed through Boring while on a cycling holiday.
Boring was named after William H Boring, an early resident of the area and former Union soldier in the American Civil War.
Dull's name is thought to have come from the Gaelic word for meadow, but others have speculated it could be connected to the Gaelic word "dul" meaning snare.
Nehe Milner-Skudder's Super Rugby season is over after the Hurricanes revealed he will require shoulder surgery.
The All Blacks winger sustained the dislocation in last Friday's victory over the Blues and his loss will be a bitter blow for the 'Canes as they look to get their season back on track after two early losses.
Head coach Chris Boyd said, “Losing Nehe is a blow and obviously disappointing for him, but we're really lucky in that we have a lot of depth in the outside backs and when you can bring a 53-test All Black like Cory Jane into the team you aren't going too bad.
“We've been a little unlucky with our hookers so far this season with injuries, so it's great to have Dane Coles back on the park. He's our leader, he's a guy who the team looks to for direction and he's itching to play.”
The Hurricanes will play the Force in Palmerston North this Friday.
Hurricanes team to play the Force is on Friday, March 18:
15 James Marshall
14 Cory Jane
13 Vince Aso
12 Ngani Laumape
11 Julian Savea
10 Beauden Barrett
9 TJ Perenara
8 Victor Vito
7 Ardie Savea
6 Vaea Fifita
5 Mark Abbott
4 Blade Thomson
3 Jeff Toomaga-Allen
2 Dane Coles (c)
1 Chris Eves
Reserves: Ricky Riccitelli, Loni Uhila, Ben May, Michael Fatialofa, Callum Gibbins, Jamison Gibson-Park, Willis Halaholo, Jason Woodward.
Israeli occupation authorities (IOA) destroyed 523 Palestinian homes and civilian structures in the West Bank since the start of 2016, with an increase of 275% from last year, a Palestinian center reported Sunday.
According to the report by the Land Research Center (LRC), the Israeli occupation army demolished 188 civilian structures sheltering 854 Palestinians. Nablus province, in the northern occupied West Bank, hit a record high of 58 in the number of demolished homes. The Tana makeshift village was also subjected to three demolitions during the months of March and February.
IOA further destroyed 41 homes in Occupied Jerusalem, 33 in al-Khalil, and 28 in Tubas. Several Palestinian buildings were also demolished in Jabal al-Baba and Abu Nawar Bedouin communities.
The demolition campaign also targeted homes in Silwan, Beit Hanina, al-Tur, Sur Baher, and al-Mukbir areas. According to the center, “such a ferocious campaign” on Palestinian residential structures has seen an increase of 275% compared to the first three months of 2015, when 190 Palestinian structures were knocked down.
Most of the demolitions were carried out either under the unlicensed construction pretext or on account of the inhabitants' involvement in anti-occupation activism. Israel's demolition policies have often targeted buildings located in the Israeli-controlled Area C, which covers 61% of the occupied West Bank
Source: PIC
Apple's ambitions for mobile payments apparently go way beyond just Apple Pay. The Wall Street Journal, via CNBC, is reporting that Apple is in negotiations with major banks to develop a person-to-person payment system that would take on PayPal. Talks are still in early stages but the report claims the new service could launch as soon as 2016. As CNBC notes, PayPal's share prices immediately dropped by 2% on news of the report.
FROM EARLIER: Know how much of your personal info is online? Google's new tool will tell you
WSJ's sources say the service being considered “would allow consumers to zap payments from their checking accounts to recipients through their Apple devices” and “would likely be linked to the company's Apple Pay system, which allows customers to make credit-card and debit-card payments with their mobile phones.” Among the banks Apple has been talking with are J.P. Morgan Chase, Capital One, Wells Fargo and U.S. Bancorp.
Although person-to-person payment systems are nothing new, Apple has shown an impressive ability to get its users to adopt new technologies it offers on its devices. Apple Music has millions of estimated monthly subscribers despite coming out long after Spotify conquered the streaming world, for instance. And similarly, Apple Pay quickly became the most widely used mobile payments system around when it launched last year even though Google Wallet had been in existence years before.
Understand the Favicon
When Alec Rust asked the HTML5 Boilerplate project to switch to a HiDPI favicon, I realized how little I knew about favorite icons, touch icons, and tile icons. When I decided to dive in a little deeper, things got interesting.
Since they were first introduced by Internet Explorer in 1999, almost nothing about favicons has changed. They have almost-always been ICO files, either nested in the root of the domain as /favicon.ico , or organized by a CMS into a theme or images directory and displayed with:
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/path/to/favicon.ico">
The classic favicon.ico is a 16×16 ICO file, often served in either 16-color or 24bit alpha-transparency format. More recently, favicons have been served as 32×32, which is appropriately scaled down in all major and popular-legacy browsers. In IE10 Metro, the 32×32 icon is used in the address bar.
The rel attribute of a favicon is a product of evolution. Internet Explorer 5 intended shortcut icon to represent the relationship between the page and the icon, but when the specification separated relationships by space, this theoretically created two relationships, shortcut and icon . It wasn't until 2010 when the HTML5 specification declared icon alone to be the standard identifier. In non-IE browsers, favicons can be served without the shortcut property.
<!-- IE6-10 --> <link rel="shortcut icon" href="path/to/favicon.ico"> <!-- Everybody else --> <link rel="icon" href="path/to/favicon.ico">
The type attribute of a favicon is about as useful as the type attribute of a <script>. As of Janaury 16, 2013, Wikipedia hints that the favicon's type attribute may effect whether or not Internet Explorer will correctly display it. In reality, Internet Explorer only cares about the server mime for the ICO file, and otherwise ignores the type attribute. The type attribute can be anything, and it can be nothing.
<!-- Still works in IE6+ --> <link rel="shortcut icon" href="path/to/favicon.ico" type="image/vnd.microsoft.icon"> <!-- Still works in IE6+ --> <link rel="shortcut icon" href="path/to/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon"> <!-- Still works in IE6+ --> <link rel="shortcut icon" href="path/to/favicon.ico">
Good news, everyone! Good browsers can use PNG favicons.
Bad news, everyone! Chrome and Safari will use the ICO favicons anyway.
This really depresses me, because Chrome, Firefox, Opera 7+, and Safari 4+ all accept the PNG favicon, but Chrome and Safari will opt to use the ICO favicon when both are presented, regardless of the order in which they are declared. On the other hand, Internet Explorer does not support PNG favicons, but it will ignore the PNG favicon and use the ICO favicon, regardless of the order in which they are declared.
<!-- Chrome, Safari, IE --> <link rel="shortcut icon" href="path/to/favicon.ico"> <!-- Firefox, Opera (Chrome and Safari say thanks but no thanks) --> <link rel="icon" href="path/to/favicon.png">
Since PNG favicon files do not include multiple resolutions like ICO favicons, we can write out several favicon declarations and use the sizes attribute to target each resolution.
<link rel="icon" href="favicon-16.png" sizes="16x16"> <link rel="icon" href="favicon-32.png" sizes="32x32"> <link rel="icon" href="favicon-48.png" sizes="48x48"> <link rel="icon" href="favicon-64.png" sizes="64x64"> <link rel="icon" href="favicon-128.png" sizes="128x128">
How do these PNG-favicon-compatible browsers determine which favicon should be used? Firefox and Safari will use the favicon that comes last. Chrome for Mac will use whichever favicon is ICO formatted, otherwise the 32×32 favicon. Chrome for Windows will use the favicon that comes first if it is 16×16, otherwise the ICO. If none of the aforementioned options are available, both Chromes will use whichever favicon comes first, exactly the opposite of Firefox and Safari. Indeed, Chrome for Mac will ignore the 16×16 favicon and use the 32×32 version if only to scale it back down to 16×16 on non-retina devices. Opera, not wanting to take sides, will choose from any of the available icons at complete random. I love that Opera does this.
And that's just the beginning. Now it's time to learn about the Internet Explorer caveats.
While IE8-10 will display the favicon on first load of the page, IE7 will skip the first load and display the favicon during repeat visits. Worse yet, IE6 will only display the favicon once the site has been bookmarked and reopened in the browser. IE6 will also drop the favicon whenever the browser cache is cleared, and it will not display the favicon again until the site is either re-bookmarked, or the favicon is somehow reloaded. If IE6 and favicons mean a lot to you, you can force this reloads with a little JavaScript snippet, preferably wrapped in a conditional comment.
<!-- I "support" IE6 --> <!--[if IE 6]><script>(new Image).src="path/to/favicon.ico"</script><![endif]-->
Back to HiDPI; have you asked yourself this question yet?
If all good browsers support PNG favicons, and IE browsers need ICO favicons, but ICO favicons throw off Chrome and Safari, why not wrap the ICO favicon in IE conditional commments?
That is a great question, and it leads to a great idea. PNG files are a fraction the size of ICO files. We could serve a classic 32×32 ICO favicon to IE, and a super sleek 96×96 PNG favicon to everybody else.
<!-- Just IE? --> <!--[if IE]><link rel="shortcut icon" href="path/to/favicon.ico"><![endif]--> <!-- Everybody else? --> <link rel="icon" href="path/to/favicon.png">
One. Big. Problem. IE10 does not support conditional comments, and it does not support PNG favicons. Yes, with the code above, legacy IE would get a better experience than Microsoft's brightest flagship.
Hey, hey — what if we stick the ICO favicon in the root directory and use <link rel="icon"> to assign the PNG favicon?
You. Win. The Internet! Given the limitations of Chrome, Safari, and IE, this method will give every browser the best favicon experience. IE will ignore the <link rel="icon"> and use the ICO favicon found in the root of the domain as /favicon.ico . All other browsers will use the PNG favicon displayed with:
<link rel="icon" href="path/to/favicon.png">
But what if I want multiple favicons or my CMS doesn't like to do things this way? Is there … another way?
Yea, but you're not gonna like it.
<!-- I "support" IE --> <script> navigator.appName == "Microsoft Internet Explorer" && (function (i, d, s, l) { i.src = "favicon.ico"; s = d.getElementsByTagName("script")[0]; l = s.parentNode.insertBefore(d.createElement("link"), s); l.rel = "shortcut icon"; l.href = i.src; })(new Image, document); </script> <!-- Everybody else --> <link rel="icon" href="path/to/favicon.png">
Unsatisfied with either solution? All is not lost. IE10 users are mostly Windows 8 users for now, and Windows 8 introduces a new kind of display icon for websites — tile icons.
With IE10 Metro we can display a unique tile icon when the visitor pins our site to their Start screen. These tile icons are 144×144 PNG files, and for best results they use a transparent background. A background tile color can be specified using a hex RGB color (using the six-character #RRGGBB notation), a CSS color name, or the CSS rgb() function. The markup is pretty simple.
<meta name="msapplication-TileColor" content="#D83434"> <meta name="msapplication-TileImage" content="path/to/tileicon.png">
Okay, so let's put it all together, accepting the potential limitation of IE10, and keeping the sane parts of everything else.
<link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="path/to/touchicon.png"> <link rel="icon" href="path/to/favicon.png"> <!--[if IE]><link rel="shortcut icon" href="path/to/favicon.ico"><![endif]--> <!-- or, set /favicon.ico for IE10 win --> <meta name="msapplication-TileColor" content="#D83434"> <meta name="msapplication-TileImage" content="path/to/tileicon.png">
It's a start, at least.
If you want to learn more about creating favicons, I recommend Create the perfect favicon from Jon Hicks' The Icon Handbook, and Making a good favicon by Jonathan Snook. Also, I want to thank @alrra for telling me about tile icons.
Wait, I came here for touch icons.
If you want to learn more about embedding touch icons, read Mathias Bynens' Everything You Always Wanted To Know About Touch Icons. Or, follow this summary of his article:
It's perfectly possible to just create one high-resolution icon. Lower display resolutions automatically resize the icon. The downside is, this affects performance negatively whenever the site is added to the home screen. As of March 2013, if you're lazy and don't really care about performance when the site is added to the home screen, just use a single 152×152 icon.
And here's the markup for that icon:
<link rel="apple-touch-icon-precomposed" href="apple-touch-icon-152x152-precomposed.png">
May all your BlackBerry – Android – iOS(7) dreams come true.
Related Articles
premium outfitter gradeTM "Ed, you may be getting tired of seeing all these photos of my successful hunts. This big guy came right into 20 yards with your call. Sceery elk calls have consistently proved to be the best for calling big bulls in real close. Thanks for making such great products and keep up the good work." — Tracy Hardy, PSE Archery "Ed, you may be getting tired of seeing all these photos of my successful hunts. This big guy came right into 20 yards with your call. Sceery elk calls have consistently proved to be the best for calling big bulls in real close. Thanks for making such great products and keep up the good work." — Tracy Hardy, PSE Archery
ACE SERIES ELK CALLS
(US Patent - Sceery)
Dr. Ed Sceery is the original inventor of these patented, bite-down style elk calls. They have proven to be the most effective ever made and have become the high quality standard for hunting elk with rifle or bow. They are strikingly effective for calling both bulls and cows into very close range. And, after calling an elk in close, a short note on anycall will most always get him to stop and turn broadside for an easy shot. For 10,000 big reasons, most western outfitters and guides carry and rely on theline of, Sceery elk calls.Each fine call is fitted with a durable lanyard, bite band, and are made with soft, rugged, quiet camo barrels that produce unmatched sound characteristics.
AFTER months of diplomatic tiptoeing, Germany's patience has run out. On July 18th a Turkish court ordered that six human rights activists, including a German trainer who had been detained during a training workshop with Amnesty International, a human-rights group, should be officially arrested. Two days later Germany's foreign minister, Sigmar Gabriel, cut loose.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
He warned his country's nationals against travelling to Turkey, proposed rolling back European Union economic assistance and suggested his government might stop providing export credit guarantees to company doing business in Turkey. “We cannot advise anyone to invest in a country where there is no longer legal certainty and even companies are being accused of supporting terrorists,” he said.
The Turkish government's repression of opponents and civil-society groups has grown steadily worse since an attempted coup last summer. Over 50,000 people have been jailed on charges of association with the plotters. Previously, Germany and other EU countries had responded to the crackdown with statements of “deep concern”, accompanied by expressions of sympathy over the attempted coup.
That approach seems to be over. In a statement, Mr Gabriel's ministry accused Turkish courts of taking orders from the government and of “inventing” links between human-rights outfits and terrorist organisations. A spokesperson for Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, the president, condemned the German statements as unfounded. Mr Erdoğan himself accused Germany of meddling in Turkey's internal affairs. “Our judiciary is more independent than theirs,” he said on July 21st.
For Angela Merkel, Germany's chancellor, the arrests of the German activist, Peter Steudtner, and, among others, Amnesty International's Turkey director appear to have been the last straw. Earlier this year, Turkish police arrested Deniz Yücel, a journalist and German-Turkish dual national, and another German journalist, Mesale Tolu, on terror charges. (Some 160 Turkish journalists are in prison, too.) Those arrests have raised fears that Turkey is using foreign detainees as hostages. According to Bild, a German newspaper, Mr Erdoğan proposed swapping Mr Yücel for a pair of Turkish generals whom Turkey accuses of involvement in the coup, and who are seeking asylum in Germany.
The storm has been brewing for over a year. After the Bundestag recognised the World War I slaughter of Ottoman Armenians as genocide in June 2016, Turkey blocked its lawmakers from visiting German troops stationed at a Turkish airbase. (Germany has since announced it will redeploy the 280 soldiers to Jordan.) In March, Turkish ministers were blocked from campaigning in Germany to win Turkish-Germans' support for a referendum granting Mr Erdoğan more power; Mr Erdoğan accused the Germans of “Nazi practices”. Mr Erdoğan has lambasted Germany for refusing to hand over followers of the Gulen community, a powerful Muslim sect believed by many to have played a leading role in the failed coup. Turkish officials say Germany has become a safe haven for “terrorists”.
Relations between the two countries, already at their most toxic in decades, now seem destined to deteriorate further. There is much on the line. Germany is Turkey's most important trading partner. Some 6,800 German companies do business in Turkey. The ailing tourism sector relies heavily on German tourists: 3.9m visited Turkey last year, down from 5.6m in 2015. A deal that commits Turkey to stopping migrants from crossing the Aegean Sea, in exchange for EU aid and the promise of visa-free travel to Europe, also hangs in the balance.
Even if Germany and Turkey manage to contain this falling-out, fresh disagreements appear to be inevitable. Mr Erdoğan has made a habit in the past of whipping up anti-Western sentiment ahead of elections. European politicians, having found that tough talk on Turkey is popular with their voters, are beginning to reciprocate. Many Dutch ones did so in their election in March, and some in Germany will surely repeat the tactic as its national election approaches in September. The Turkish president has started a dangerous game.
Okay ladies, I know we have all experienced it, those dry spells, that period of time when we just do not want sex and cannot imagine a single thing to get our motor running. It can be frustrating not just for our partners but also for us. Well I am here to tell you that you are not alone and do not need to suffer any longer. There is a new supplement that actually works and does wonders for your libido – Hersolution Pills.
See Product Details: Hersolution Female Libido Pills (Hersolution Stores)
Hersolution Pills The Best Female Libido Pill You Can Use
Hersolution is a revolutionary new pill that actually increases your libido and brings back that sex drive you thought you lost. No more nights of passively laying there as your partner enjoys themselves, no more struggling to find a reason to have sex, with Hersolution you will not only be eager for sex, but you will start to initiate it as well. It not only increases your libido but it also makes the sex more enjoyable, it helps you lubricate better and increases the sensitivity of the clitoris and vaginal walls so you not just have that higher sex drive but you will enjoy it more and have more and stronger orgasms as well.
Go To HerSolution Official Website
Does Hersolution Pills Work? And Side Effects
Now I know you are thinking that maybe this is some chemical laced drug that is going to come with heavy side effects, well good news. There are no known side effects to this pill and it is not some chemically laced drug. It is an all-natural supplement that does not leave you with any negative drawbacks just that boost in sex drive and increased desire for pleasure.
** Hersolution no side effects – 100% doctor approved **
The Hersolution pills ingredients themselves are openly shown, they are niacin, to increase blood flow to the genitals, hops, which increases estrogen levels and counters the dryness in the vaginal walls. Then you have mucuna pruriens, which trigger the release of dopamine to increase pleasure levels so always a plus, Gingko Biloba which will help in obtaining those orgasms as well as reduce the symptoms of menopause. Then you have this ancient aphrodisiac epimedium sagitattum, it will really ramp up your sexual desires and the final ingredient is cayenne, this spice naturally increases vaginal lubrication and intensifies your orgasms to new heights.
This supplement will change your world and make your relationship infinitely better, with the increased sex drive you and your partner will be enjoying yourself and each other far more frequently creating a much more intimate bond between you and extending the relationship as well as preventing any future problems. Since as we all know, the vast majority of problems within relationships are to do with the bedroom activities, thanks to Hersolution you can prevent these problems before they start.
The thing that really takes the cake though for me, not only does Hersolution help you in the bedroom. But it also has a lovely side benefit, it will help reduce cramping during menstruation, reduce the flow and make your periods much more regular and quicker. It as well will help reduce those hot flashes for the menopausal woman and bring back her sex drive.
Just because you are older does not mean you don't enjoy passion anymore, and with Hersolution Pills you can have it all, so contact them now and try it out. They are even offering a 60 day trial so there is no risk what so ever for you, just a return of your sex drive and sex life!
Sonia Gandhi, president of India's ruling Congress party, on Sunday condemned “shameful” social attitudes that led to crimes like the fatal gang-rape of a student in New Delhi.
“We cannot tolerate shameful social mindsets that lead to unspeakable atrocities on women and children… every woman in the country has the fundamental right to feel safe and secure,” she said.
Gandhi, seen as the country's most powerful politician, said the 23-year-old woman, whose ordeal on a bus last month triggered nationwide protests, had tragically become a symbol for thousands of women who suffered a similar fate.
“The barbaric gang-rape of a young woman in the capital has shaken the entire country. People are rightly demanding answers and actions,” Gandhi, 66, said at a meeting of her party in the northern city of Jaipur.
“This brave young woman in many ways embodied the spirit of an aspirational India. We will ensure her death will not have been in vain.”
Sexual crimes against women have been in the spotlight since the physiotherapy student was gang-raped and violated with a rusty iron rod on December 16 as she returned home from a cinema with her boyfriend.
The woman died from her injuries about two weeks after the attack that triggered an outpouring of grief and anger over the failure of the government and the police to check rising crime against women.
Gandhi said there was an urgent need to overhaul patriarchal mindsets and referred to some “shocking” recent statements by politicians that she said reflected a “completely unacceptable” attitude towards women.
A female cabinet member in the state government of Madhya Pradesh said women who crossed “moral limits” deserved to be punished, while a lawmaker in the state of Rajasthan has suggested banning skirts in schools.
The president's son, a ruling party lawmaker, dismissed protesters demanding protection for women as “painted” women seeking to spark a “pink revolution”.
Five men face murder, rape, robbery, kidnapping and other charges over the student's death. The case against a sixth suspect, who claims he is 17, will be heard by a juvenile court if it is confirmed he is a minor.
Helene Gayle is president and CEO of CARE USA, an international humanitarian organization. She spent 20 years at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and is now on the board of New America. This is the latest in a series, "Big Ideas for a New America," in which the think tank New America spotlights experts' solutions to the nation's greatest challenges. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.
(CNN) The adage -- "a woman's work is never done" -- exists for a reason. Whether it's inside or outside the home, women's labor sustains families. How we assess women's work has long been a contested issue. In the developing world, it's especially important.
If we redefine what labor means for women in developing countries, we can be better at reducing gender inequality and fighting poverty.
For example, if you're a woman living with a family in northwest Bangladesh, there's a good chance that you know what it feels like not to have enough or the right kind of food when you need it. Experts call this "chronic food insecurity."
But for Chameli Begum, a forty-something mother living in the village of Katihara in the district of Gaibandha, it meant skipping meals and living in a near perpetual state of being vulnerable. The area her family lives in is prone to floods, which wreak havoc and cause death, disease, injury, economic loss and population displacement.
She also was vulnerable to the social and cultural barriers of unequal gender power relations that give women less say in household decisions and shut them out of disaster response decisions made in the wake of floods.
Heavy monsoonal rains and melting snow caps in the Himalayas, combined with seasonal crop rotations, consistently led to food shortages that Chameli's husband Soleman could not prevent with his own small business selling palm sugar and fabric. But because of the gender expectations in her family, Chameli felt powerless to address the problem or improve her family's quality of life.
Western approaches to jobs tend to position them as a binary proposition -- either you have one or you don't. But that doesn't apply in many parts of the world where women employ a range of tactics -- often informal ones -- for generating income and feeding their families.
They did not duck the problem
Instead of "creating jobs," it is necessary to make those labor practices more sustainable by connecting them -- and the women like Chameli who adopt them -- with more formal market economies.
Women in Chameli's village in Bangladesh used to raise chickens to provide meat and eggs. Now, many of them raise ducks for one simple reason. Ducks float and chickens don't. In a flood zone, this can make the difference between eating and going hungry. Duck rearing is perfect for the climatic conditions in this part of Bangladesh. Ducks can survive wet seasons and flooding and provide much-needed fat and protein-rich nutrition.
As it happens, ducks are also a good income source. Chameli learned duck-rearing techniques from a community-led initiative that also improved her networking and marketing skills. Consequently, she connected with poultry buyers and suppliers and other women looking to sustain their families in similar ways. Now she has a duck business, an income, and a share in household decision-making with Soleman.
By adapting the way they raised food for their families, Chameli and other women entrepreneurs like her have made their communities more resilient to disaster and diminished some of the gender inequities in their lives.
The network of contacts gave Chameli access to capital and helped her generate income without changing the type of work she did. But some observers -- especially those in the developed world -- might not classify her work as a "job."
There's a similar story in Topa, a remote coastal village along the northern coast of Mozambique. Women and men used to go their separate ways every morning. The husbands would set out into the Indian Ocean with their nets and fishing lines, while the wives would trek inland to work the machambas, small family farms for growing cassava, maize and other staples.
In recent years, however, communities like Topa have struggled both at sea and on land. Crops faltered after unpredictable rainfall. Fish catches plummeted after years of overfishing.
Now the women and men head off to work together -- at a saltwater fish farm they built from scratch. Raising fish requires the skills of the female farmers and the male fishermen to be successful.
A different way of looking at work
The duck rearers in Bangladesh and the fish farmers in Mozambique show why it matters to redefine work.
Their successes can be replicated and used to develop common ground between many communities. Chameli's daughter is now married and living with her husband in a village nearby, where -- with her mother's help -- she has set up her own duck rearing farm. The men and women in Mozambique have joined their neighbors to form the Muaweryaca Fishing Association.
Reimagining what it means to have a job is one key component to the vision that CARE -- the organization I lead -- has about how to transform the lives of the poor on a big scale.
When development, investment and community participation combine, we can make a real difference. CARE partnered with the SKS Foundation in Bangladesh and the World Wildlife Fund in Mozambique to facilitate training and access to information and capital, but the ideas about how to adapt their labor to the changing environmental and financial needs came from the local communities.
Economic and social empowerment are inextricably linked in the fight against global poverty. Reimagining what counts as work is one important way to promote the health and success of more people in developing countries.
Did you know Rocket Grunt and GranRodeo have their initials reversed? I never did. Maybe they're fans of one another? I would love to see Kishow and e-Zuka as Jessie and James. I guess the bassist and be Meowth… Anyway enjoy – Lucky number 7! It's the biggest one ever!
Introducing a new form of Senpai Coast to Coast – Rocket Radio! For the very first broadcast it's no holds no bars; I pull out all the stops +1! This is the first time I have ever done an episode on a single band. GranRodeo has done everything it seems like. They do anime themes, they have their own anime, and they sell like hotcakes.
Download (right click and save as) | iTunes | Stitcher | Ask.fm | Twitter
Opening Theme: Koi no HEAT WAVE by Granrodeo
Ending Theme: Kunimichi 127-go Sen no Shiroki Inazumi by Kishidan
The news… chapter 1
00:04:33 – NEWS
Break out your Bikinis Ladies
(No word yet if Hestia will be attending.)
Yokai Watch Coming to Disney XD
Evangelion Day is not June 22nd!
Dragonball Super Trailer is out NOW
Eciirio Oda: Holder of Record & House Party Master
Brock in All His Shirtless Gory
Kazuya Tatekabe Passed Away
UltaMander
‘When Marnie Was There' Sales Numbers
00:24:29 What is a GranRodeo?
What is a GranRodeo? Well, I'll let me associate Gra-P explain:
Anyway, as was mentioned, there guys are pure awesome. Between Kishow voicing some of the coolest characters in anime, and e-Zuka being the second coming of Jimmy Page. not to mention they have great taste in swimsuits.
If you'd like to know more about who Kishow has voiced you can visit his MyAnimeList profile. And just to prove to you all that e-Zuka can play anything just look at a demonstration he did. Yes, you're supposed to be able to learn that if you watch that video enough. They're due out for a seventh album here soon, and we keep getting teased with singles and more openings. I'm just glad these guys exist.
001:29:17 Oricon Top 10 for the Week of 6/25
A lot of great hits this Summer. I was particularly happy to see Gen Hoshino come back. His last single ‘Crazy” was a lot of fun, and I'm glad to see nothing has changed with ‘Sun'. Of course GranRodeo makes it on here too, but I wanted to point out the new AKB48 video. Cute girls singing and fighting – it was rather entertaining!
Like many people around the world — and if my Facebook feed is any indicator, like nine out of ten Minnesotans — I have been obsessively reading about Prince, listening to Prince, watching video clips of Prince, and mourning his death for the past week.
Each time I see him online — playing, dancing, strutting, singing — I am always on the verge of weeping. Yes, from sadness, but also from the sheer energetic force of seeing someone doing the very thing he was created to do.
I have watched my city openly, collectively grieve. “He was ours,” I hear over and over again.
And here's the weird, almost embarrassing truth: I had very little connection to Prince. I was not allowed to own his music as a teenager in the ‘80s and ‘90s — it was far too risqué — so I did not grow up immersed in his songs or his celebrity. I came to appreciate his music much later, in my early 30s, after we moved to Minneapolis. I never saw him perform. I only spoke with him once, when I worked in a bookstore near Lake Calhoun, and he stopped in and asked me a question about coffee.
So why the choking melancholy, this sense of being suddenly unmoored? Have we all just lost our collective minds?
Inevitably, someone on the Internet will helpfully point out that grieving a celebrity is shallow and delusional. It's not like you knew him. Get a life. But this criticism, like most, misses the point. It homogenizes all grief to equal the sadness you feel only when the person who died is someone you knew and loved intimately. If you know grief at all, you know it does not play by those kinds of stilted, neat rules. No sir.
It often shows up as a messenger to let us know what we are missing, what we long for, what we wait for and have dared to hope for. If you have walked with grief, you know: you can mourn a lifetime of memories that never even happened.
This, I think, is the strange, sacred space of collective grieving. Even though most of us who are lamenting Prince's death had no tangible connection to him as a person, we are sharing a collective knowing, and it is a heavy, holy thing to bear. Certainly it does not compare to what his close friends and family are experiencing, and nobody is claiming that — but it is no less real, and no less worth listening to. So I'm wondering, what is our collective grief telling us and asking us to be awake for?
We know he had decades of music left in him, a million ideas zinging in that uncontainable creative rush that lived in and through him. In a Tweet heard ‘round the world, we felt it:
Thinking about how we mourn artists we've never met. We don't cry because we knew them, we cry because they helped us know ourselves. —  Ghouliette  (@ElusiveJ) January 11, 2016
We grieve the loss of the otherworldly companionship and revelation that can be found in music, the songs we will never hear and he will never write.
We know that he loved Minneapolis, that he chose this place. It is a marvelous thing to feel chosen, isn't it? That is a theme that populates so much of his music, and all music — to feel special, remarkable, memorable. We were lovely to him. He picked us out of a crowd of beautiful ones. It is hard to let that go.
Here is something I think we don't fully appreciate about collective sadness: that grief, however and whenever it shows up, is the constant reminder of the unfilled spaces that still live in us — and that reminder holds immense transformative potential for us. It brings into our awareness again, for brief moments at at time, what we all know we could be, if we dared. It is a transcendent thing to recognize and claim that truth. In allowing ourselves to grieve together, whatever the cause, our shared broken-heartedness becomes the wisest, most insistent teacher.
We know — in our bones we know it — that when we have heard or watched Prince perform, we have seen a person, since he was a child, who was uncompromisingly himself. We cannot underestimate how powerful it is to bear witness to this, because it is so rare. And, yes, we sorrow for the fact that he is no longer here to be that.
But, even deeper down, we sorrow for ourselves and all the ways we are compromising who we are each day: the jobs and relationships that are killing our spirits, the bitterness we refuse to let go of, the small ways we diminish and silence our God-given gifts for the sake of safety and approval.
Prince had a choice when music came to him. He could just as easily have done something else. At some point, we simply stand in awe of how one human can affect so many. And here, collective grief channels Mary Oliver and lays this question gently at our feet:
“Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life?”
It's too easy to say, But I can never be Prince! And that is true, of course — but that is not a tragedy. Is it tragic that he wasn't David Bowie or the Dalai Lama? Of course not. The very thought is absurd. We understand that the only real tragedy is if he never had been himself. And the same is true, believe it or not, for the rest of us.
What are we giving up — and what is the world missing out on — when we don't follow the pull of our own inimitable virtuosities?
When you give yourself over to whatever genius lives in you, you become a light. Coach and author Caroline McHugh describes this phenomenon in her TED Talk on the art of being yourself, and her lilting Scottish accent creates a kind of prose poem as she goes:
“These are individuals who managed to figure out the unique gift that the universe gave them when they incarnated, and they put that in the service of their goals… And when we see these people, we invariably call them larger than life. Life is large, but most of us don't take up nearly the space the universe intended for us. We take up this wee space ‘round our toes, which is why when you see somebody in the full flow of their humanity, it's remarkable. They're at least a foot bigger in every direction than normal human beings, and they shine, they gleam, they glow. It's like they swallowed the moon.”
And Prince had that glow, didn't he? His gift, the moment he took it into his arms, was large enough to trail moon magic with him. Do you sometimes ache for that knowing and courage, and the fullness of that kind of light? I do.
Like all grief, collective grief is a powerful force for transformation, if we let it be. What are you longing for? Are you willing to see it, to take it in, to surrender to it, to love it the way you love the gifts of others? Sure, it probably won't manifest in glittering stage lights and selling millions of albums — but that isn't the goal of living uncompromisingly as yourself. All of that only came to Prince when he put his hands on a piano or a guitar for the first time and decided he would never leave, no matter what. His reward was getting to live his days fully alive as a conduit for the electricity of music. You are meant to be a conduit, too, for whatever is meant to flow through you.
We can mourn what we lost in this incredible artist, but we are not lamenting who he could have been, because he was exactly who he was supposed to be. A huge part of his legacy is also an unmistakable call to us who mourn together. We don't have to grieve what is unfinished in us, either. What is there, in each of us now, alive, asking that we pay attention, waiting for us to say yes?
According to tipster Ahsan Rasheed, local PS2/PS1 support on PS4 with native 1080p rendering for select titles is coming.
Tipster Ahsan Rasheed, who has a pretty impeccable track record when it comes to leaks, has stated over Twitter that PS2/PS1 backward compatibility is coming to the PS4. He added that 1080p rendering for select titles would also be available, and that the PS4 is going to get some upgrades to its Bluray and media player.
Be excited: 1. Local PS2 / PS1 support on PS4 w/ native 1080p rendering for select titles. 2. Bluray+Media Player updates— Ahsan Rasheed (@thuway) March 25, 2014
In a second Tweet, Rasheed claimed that the software is still buggy and not every game works, but it's still reason enough to get excited. It seems to be that this functionality will come with the launch of PlayStation Now, which will also allow streaming of PlayStation 3 games.
He then talked a little about Project Morpheus, Sony's new VR initiative, stating that the company wants to hear as much criticism of the device from third-party developers, most likely to help improve the product.
Backward compatibility is one of those things that console games had kind of accepted isn't going to happen anymore. The PS3 was initially backward compatible by a single generation, and the Xbox One and PS4 have ditched it completely. Only the Wii U is natively backward compatible.
But if what Rasheed is saying is true, then that's huge news for fans of legacy titles, as it would mean the PS4 would be backwards compatible a whole three generations, second only to the PC in terms backward compatibility.
Source: Twitter via VG24/7
The two major candidates in Virginia's 10th Congressional District faced each other for the first time Wednesday in a debate that served as Round 1 in a bitter contest to replace retiring Rep. Frank R. Wolf (R).
During a town-hall forum in Herndon, Republican Barbara J. Comstock and Democrat John W. Foust talked about traffic congestion in Northern Virginia, the federal deficit and whether more should be done to outsource government jobs as a way to bolster the regional economy.
The event, attended by about 175 people at the offices of Dominion Virginia Power, was geared toward business concerns in a district dominated by high-tech companies and federal contractors.
The candidates mostly stuck to their campaign scripts, questioning each other's ability to serve in Congress and playing up their backgrounds. Comstock argued that her experience as a state delegate makes her a natural successor to Wolf, and Foust touted himself as an even-keeled Fairfax County supervisor who has long worked on problems important to Northern Virginia.
Libertarian Bill Redpath, Green Party candidate Dianne L. Blais and independent Brad A. Eickholt were not invited to the event, which was sponsored by the Northern Virginia Technology Council and the Fairfax County and Prince William County chambers of commerce.
Comstock and Foust continued the attacks they have waged through campaign ads and surrogates, accusing each other of extreme partisanship and of being on the wrong side of bellwether issues such as energy independence, climate change and abortion.
“We cannot afford to continue this war on a women's right to make her own health-care decisions,” Foust, who represents the Dranesville District on the Fairfax County Board, said in a reference to Comstock's support of a state bill that, before it was amended, would have required most women seeking an abortion to undergo a transvaginal ultrasound.
Comstock, whose delegate district encompasses a wealthy swath of McLean and Great Falls along the Potomac River as well as a piece of Loudoun County, countered with jabs at Foust over a remark he made last month about her not having “a real job.” Comstock also argued that she has a record of bipartisan legislation.
“I have worked on building these coalitions and, you see, my opponent wants to continue to divide and attack,” Comstock said, adding that her desire to see Roe v. Wade overturned would not come into play in Congress. “I'm not running for the Supreme Court — I'm running to be your congressman.”
The crowd of mostly business executives listened more attentively to answers the candidates gave on issues that would affect their bottom line, such as how to make Northern Virginia an even larger hub for data technology and where best to spend on local infrastructure.
Toune Greene, a director of finance at the ITT Technical Institute, said she liked Foust's answers on education spending, even though her Chantilly-based company has in the past preferred Republican candidates.
“I agree with him that an increase in education spending will help the economy, especially in the technology field,” she said.
“He kept talking about coming back to a balanced budget,” Greene said. “I liked his realistic approach.”
Craig Parisot, a board member with the Volunteer Fairfax philanthropy group, said he was drawn to Comstock's knowledge of various topics, including cybersecurity and energy independence.
“She just shows command of the issues,” he said. “But it's tough for both of them to get up on stage, so I'll give them both credit for doing that.”
The Arkansas bar association says it won't permanently strip Hillary Clinton of her ability to practice law in the state, rejecting requests to punish her for risking national security with her secret email server, and misleading Congress.
In a letter this week, the office of professional conduct at the Arkansas Supreme Court said two staff lawyers had looked into the complaints against Mrs. Clinton and concluded “there does not appear to be a sufficient basis for a formal complaint.”
He suggested that because the Obama Justice Department didn't pursue her, the state bar wouldn't either.
“Though criminal charges are not required to pursue formal disciplinary proceedings, none were filed in this matter,” Michael E. Harmon, deputy director of the office, said in a letter Monday to Ty Clevenger, the lawyer who tried to force the issue.
Mr. Clevenger had said that Mrs. Clinton committed both perjury and destruction of evidence over her email setup as State Department secretary. She deleted emails that contained government records, and misled Congress about the process, Mr. Clevenger said.
Mrs. Clinton's law license has already been suspended by Arkansas for failure to comply with continuing legal education requirements, but Mr. Clevenger said she could reactivate her license by updating her credentials.
He's been asking courts across the country where Mrs. Clinton had been admitted to take action against her.
Mr. Clevenger said he plans to file an appeal.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The Corrientes Police in Argentina photographed a supposed extraterrestrial being on September 13.
The Argentine media has published the news; the event occurred in a locality called "Parque Miter".
A group of police officers from Commissariat No. 4 had to report to an area where a group of young people reported the strange creature.
What is this "thing"?
When the policemen arrived at the park and tried to contact the supposed person, they soon realized that the "subject" was a strange being of an appearance of a traditional extraterrestrial. They began photographing with a cell phone camera.
Jumping in the river When the police tried to approach the alien being, the police reported that it escaped, jumping into the waters of the Paraná River and immediately lost sight of it.
It is not the first time they have captured images of strange beings in Argentina. The country seems to be a "hot zone" for encounters and contact with 'alien beings'.
Here's the original link to the Argentine news website:
http://diarioprimeralinea.com.ar/un-extraterrestre-en-el-parque-mitre-d…
President Obama's top spokesman is complaining that his boss hasn't gotten enough respect from the media — especially the folks at The New York Times. But he couldn't have picked a worse specific gripe.
The Obama “achievement” he demands the press admire is the one where even all the folks in the Obama-loving mainstream media agree the president's been a total failure.
Press Secretary Josh Earnest penned a letter to the Times complaining about media columnist Jim Rutenberg's charge that, if elected, Hillary Clinton's administration — like Obama's — “would continue the tradition of being still more secretive than the one before it.”
No way, cried Earnest. After all, he wrote, Obama pledged to be “the most transparent president in history” — a promise he insists the president has fulfilled.
Uh-huh. Try finding any reporter who covers Team Obama who'll agree.
This is the same administration that has denied the most Freedom of Information requests in history, stretching searches out for years, demanding outrageous fees and arguing in court that such requests should be “narrowly construed” to limit them.
It has prosecuted nine journalists over news leaks — more than all other presidents combined.
And its officials boast about deliberately spreading false talking points to bolster Obama's nuclear deal with Iran.
All of which is why fully three years ago, the Committee to Protect Journalists, in a report by former Washington Post Executive Editor Leonard Downie, charged that “this administration's war on leaks and other efforts to control information are the most aggressive I've seen since the Nixon administration.”
And why veteran ABC News White House correspondent Ann Compton called Obama “the least transparent of the seven presidents I've covered.”
When politicians like Obama, Gov. Cuomo and Mayor de Blasio all claim to be the most transparent to ever hold their offices — as they all have — you can be certain the exact opposite is true.
Return to a galaxy far, far away: Leaked photos from the set of new Star Wars movie reveal an 'eerily familiar' desert landscape featuring a giant pig-like creature, R2 droids and extras taking selfies
SPOILER ALERT: A series of photos have emerged from the ultra-secretive Abu Dhabi set of Star Wars: Episode VII
The pictures offer some encouraging first signs of what fans can expect from the new movie
Abu Dhabi is believed to be a stand-in for the desert planet of Tatooine, Luke Skywalker's home planet
Several photos include a massive four-legged alien creature that looks like a cross between a rhinoceros, a pig and a bulldog
The new alien is manned by five-man team inside its belly and it is set to appear in two scenes taking place in what appears to be a marketplace
According to reports, producers have made a deliberate move to use less CGI and are relying on practical effects like in the original trilogy
Another photo shows two busted robots, who bear a resemblance to R2D2, sitting in what could be the remnants of a pod-racer
Other photos show extras dressed in muted colored costumes taking selfies on set
Advertisement
A series of photos have emerged from the ultra-secretive Abu Dhabi set of Star Wars: Episode VII and although none of the franchise's big stars put in an appearance, the pictures offer some encouraging first signs of what fans can expect from the new movie.
Director J.J. Abrams began shooting the highly anticipated film last month and while little is known about the script, the photos suggest a back to basics style to filming, shunning the unpopular CGI-heavy approach of George Lucas' prequels.
The photos reveal many encouraging signs for fans of the original trilogy. Abu Dhabi is believed to be a stand-in for the desert planet of Tatooine, Luke Skywalker's home planet.
Scroll down for video
A series of photos have emerged from the ultra-secretive Abu Dhabi set of Star Wars: Episode VII including a massive four-legged alien creature that looks like a cross between a rhinoceros, a pig and a bulldog
Director J.J. Abrams began shooting the highly anticipated film last month and while little is known about the script, the photos suggest a back to basics style to filming, shunning the unpopular CGI-heavy approach of George Lucas' prequels
Look ma I'm in the movies! The collection of photos from the set of Star Wars: Episode VII feature various extra taking selfies and revealing in being part of a major Hollywood movie
Highlights from the collection of leaked photos, obtained by TMZ, include a massive four-legged alien creature that looks like a cross between a rhinoceros, a pig and a bulldog.
According to sources onset, the new alien is manned by five-man team inside its belly and is set to appear in two scenes taking place in what appears to be a marketplace on Tatooine.
Another photo shows two busted robots, who bear a resemblance to R2D2, sitting in what could be the remnants of a pod-racer, popularized in the first episode of the prequel trilogy, The Phantom Menace.
Bits and pieces of battered machinery and technology can be seen in the background of other photos, while extras dressed in a variety of muted colored costumes appear in other photos taking selfies.
Two busted robots - who bear a resemblance to R2D2 - sit in what could be the remnants of a pod-racer, popularized in the first episode of the prequel trilogy, The Phantom Menace
According to sources onset, the new alien is manned by five-man team inside its belly and it is set to appear in two scenes taking place in what appears to be a marketplace on Tatooine Extras pose for the camera on the set of Star Wars: Episode VII during filming in Abu Dhabi
Taking the production to Abu Dhabi marked a move away from the original desert locations used in the first six-Star Wars installments
The impression made by the collection of photos is of a world eerily familiar to fans of the previous films, in particular Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope when we are first introduced to Luke Skywalker.
What should be especially exciting to a lot of fans of the original trilogy is the amount of practical effects that can be seen in the photos, rather than the all-green screen ‘sets' of the prequel movies which proved unpopular with actors and audiences alike .
A crew of 600 descended on Abu Dhabi last month and started to construct the sets on a site closely guarded by security services. Filming has since been completed in the desert and filming has moved to stages in London.
Taking the production to Abu Dhabi marked a move away from the original desert locations used in the first six-Star Wars installments.
May the force be with us: Extras from Star Wars Episode VII appear dressed in muted colors in some of the photos to emerge from the Abu Dhabi set
These amazing photos are an opportunity for fans to grab a sneak peek at the sets and costumes being created for the next installment which is believed to be set 30 years after the battle of Yavin
As the home planet of Anakin Skywalker and Luke Skywalker, as well as the meeting place for Obi-Wan Kenobi and Han Solo, Tatooine is one of the most iconic planets in the Star Wars universe
For Episodes I-VI, various spots in Tunisia were used to film most of the sandy scenes, including Tatooine. Additional footage was later shot in the Death Valley National Park.
At the Tunisian government's request, the set for Anakin Skywalker's (Darth Vader) hometown in the Tatooine desert, Mos Espa, stil remains in the Sahara desert.
Even if we are still a while away from official trailers and stills for Star Wars: Episode VII, these amazing photos are an opportunity for fans to grab a sneak peek at the planets and costumes being created for the next installment which is believed to be set 30 years after the battle of Yavin .
In other Star Wars: Episode VII news, Lucasfilm has announced that Lupita Nyong'o and Gwendoline Christie have joined the cast.
Although none of the franchise's big stars put in an appearance the photos offer some encouraging first signs of what fans can expect from the new movie
According to reports, producers have made a deliberate move to use less CGI in the new movies and instead are relying heavily on practical effects like this fire
Nyong'o earned an academy award for best supporting actress this year for her breakthrough performance in 12 Years A Slave.
Gwendoline Christie, currently starring in the hit television series Game of Thrones as Brienne of Tarth, has also been cast. She can next be seen in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 2.
'I could not be more excited about Lupita and Gwendoline joining the cast of Episode VII,' said Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy. 'It's thrilling to see this extraordinarily talented ensemble taking shape.'
Star Wars' legends Harrison Ford (Han Solo), Carrie Fisher (Princess Leia), Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker), Anthony Daniels (C3PO), Peter Mayhew (Chewbacca) and Kenny Baker (R2-D2) have all returned to the franchise, but Abrams has still made room for some fresh faces.
The impression left by the collection of photos is of a world eerily familiar to fans of the previous films, in particular Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope, which is when we were first introduced to Luke Skywalker
Star Wars' legends Harrison Ford (Han Solo), Carrie Fisher (Princess Leia), Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker), Anthony Daniels (C3PO), Peter Mayhew (Chewbacca) and Kenny Baker (R2-D2) have all returned to the franchise
One of the most iconic planets in the Star Wars universe, Tatooine is a desert planet and setting for many key scenes in the Star Wars saga, appearing in every Star Wars film except The Empire Strikes Back, although it is mentioned at the end of the movie
British actors John Boyega (Attack The Block) and Daisy Ridley (Mr. Selfridge) have joined Adam Driver (Girls), Oscar Isaac (Inside Llewyn Davis) and Dohmnall Gleeson (Frank) in the film.
Performance capture king Andy Serkis will also bring his precious talent to a number of roles and veteran screen actor Max von Sydow (The Exorcist) has also signed on. Abrams previously said: ‘We are so excited to finally share the cast of Star Wars: Episode VII.
‘It is both thrilling and surreal to watch the beloved original cast and these brilliant new performers come together to bring this world to life, once again. We start shooting in a couple of weeks, and everyone is doing their best to make the fans proud.'
Star Wars: Episode VII is being directed by J.J. Abrams from a screenplay by Lawrence Kasdan and Abrams.
Bits and pieces of machinery and technology can be seen in the photos along with extras dressed in muted color costumes
British actors John Boyega (Attack The Block) and Daisy Ridley (Mr. Selfridge) are joining Adam Driver (Girls), Oscar Isaac (Inside Llewyn Davis) and Dohmnall Gleeson (Frank) in the new movie
According to Star Wars legend, Tatooine once had large oceans full of marine based life and a world-spanning jungle, but this biosphere was destroyed when the myopic Rakata razed the planet, drying up its riverbeds and boiling away its oceans
Kathleen Kennedy, Abrams, and Bryan Burk are producing, and John Williams is returning as the composer. The movie opens worldwide on December 18, 2015.
J.J. Abrams last month announced an opportunity for one lucky person - and a friend - to appear in the saga's next adventure.
The competition is part of an initiative called Star Wars: Force For Change that is raising funds and awareness for the United Nations Children's Fund's (UNICEF) Innovation Labs project to help benefit the world's most vulnerable children.
In a specially recorded video - unveiled on Good Morning America May 21 - Abrams talked about how excited he was to be making the movie before explaining what the competition winner will receive.
What does it mean? A sign hangs on part of the set of what is believed to be part of a market on the desert planet of Tatooine
'It is both thrilling and surreal to watch the beloved original cast and these brilliant new performers come together to bring this world to life, once again,' said Abrams after assembling his cast together
J.J. Abrams last month announced an opportunity for one lucky person - and a friend - to appear in the saga's next adventure
The competition offers one lucky person - and a friend - the opportunity to visit Pinewood Studios in London and visit the set as Abrams' VIP guests.
They will have the opportunity to meet members of the cast and will be transformed by the film's makeup and costume teams, most likely into alien extras, and will appear in a scene.
The competition is being run by Omaze.com a charity auction site which allows anyone to enter for just $10.
There are various levels of contribution to the campaign and for each level, participants will receive a special Star Wars-themed item. The deadline to enter is 11:59 p.m. PT on July 18.
A crew of 600 descended on Abu Dhabi last month and started to construct the sets on a site closely guarded by security services
For Episodes I-VI, various spots in Tunisia were used to film most of the sandy scenes, including Tatooine. Additional footage was later shot in the Death Valley National Park
Disney, which now owns the iconic film franchise, has committed $1 million toward the Force For Change initiative and via this exciting competition they hope to raise a lot more.
'The Star Wars fans are some of the most passionate and committed folks around the globe,' said Abrams. 'We're thrilled to offer a chance to come behind the scenes as our VIP guests and be in Star Wars: Episode VII.
'We're even more excited that by participating in this campaign, Star Wars fans will be helping children around the world through our collaboration with UNICEF Innovation Labs and projects.'
Star Wars Episode VII opens worldwide on December 18, 2015
Awful… Barack Obama Promises to Veto Bill That Will Provide Water To Central California Drought Region
In December 2008, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service issued what is known as a “biological opinion” imposing water reductions on the San Joaquin Valley and environs to safeguard the federally protected hypomesus transpacificus, a.k.a., the delta smelt. As a result, tens of billions of gallons of water from mountains east and north of Sacramento was channelled away from farmers and into the ocean, leaving hundreds of thousands of acres of arable land fallow or scorched.
Democrats created a dust bowl based on junk science.
A federal judge ruled on in December 2010 that the liberal study that forced California officials to cutback on water to the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta was based on faulty science.
Despite this Barack Obama said he would veto any Congressional bill that would “reverse the progress” (drought) in the San Joaquin Valley.
Investor's reported, via HotAir:
The Administration strongly opposes H.R. 1837, the Sacramento-San Joaquin Valley Water Reliability Act because the bill would unravel decades of work to forge consensus, solutions, and settlements that equitably address some of California's most complex water challenges. H.R. 1837 would undermine five years of collaboration between local, State, and Federal stakeholders to develop the Bay-Delta Conservation Plan. It would codify 20-year old, outdated science as the basis for managing California's water resources, resulting in inequitable treatment of one group of water users over another. And, contrary to 100 years of reclamation law that exhibits congressional deference to State water law, the bill would preempt California water law. The bill also would reject the long-standing principle that beneficiaries should pay both the cost of developing water supplies and of mitigating any resulting development impacts, and would exacerbate current water shortages by repealing water pricing reforms that provide incentives for contractors to conserve water supplies. Finally, H.R. 1837 would repeal the San Joaquin River Settlement Agreement, which the Congress enacted to resolve 18 years of contentious litigation. Repeal of the settlement agreement would likely result in the resumption of costly litigation, creating an uncertain future for river restoration and water delivery operations for all water users on the San Joaquin River. The Administration strongly supports efforts to provide a more reliable water supply for California and to protect, restore, and enhance the overall quality of the Bay-Delta environment. The Administration has taken great strides toward achieving these co-equal goals through a coordinated Federal Action Plan, which has strengthened collaboration between Federal agencies and the State of California while achieving solid results. Unfortunately, H.R. 1837 would undermine these efforts and the progress that has been made. For this reason, were the Congress to pass H.R. 1837, the President's senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill.
Here are the facts on California's Central Valley, via the Natural Resources Committee:
** California's water storage and transportation system designed by federal and state governments includes 1,200 miles of canals and nearly 50 reservoirs that provide water to about 22 million people and irrigate about four million acres of land throughout the state.
** In May 2007, a Federal District Court Judge ruled that increased amounts of water had to be re-allocated towards protecting the Delta smelt – a three-inch fish on the Endangered Species List.
** Because of this ruling, in 2009 and 2010 more than 300 billion gallons (or 1 million acre-feet) of water were diverted away from farmers in the Central Valley and into the San Francisco Bay – eventually going out into the Pacific Ocean.
** This man-made drought cost thousands of farmworkers their jobs, inflicted up to 40 percent unemployment in certain communities, and fallowed hundreds of thousands of acres of fertile farmland.
** Unemployment remains at a regional average of 17% . With current precipitation at near-record lows, the same regulations will be imposed pushing unemployment even higher.
** The Pelosi-led Congress did nothing to reverse the plight of the San Joaquin Valley and even obstructed repeated Republican actions to reverse the situation. The Sacramento-San Joaquin Valley Water Reliability Act reflects Republican promises to avoid another man-made drought.
While former Clover devs showed off three games at last night's Platinum/Sega announcement, it was Madworld that hands-down stole the show. The stark, black, white and blood title has gamers playing through a third-person maze of carnage, trying to rack up points for an off-screen audience through over-the-top dismemberment.
Director Shigenori Nishikawa took up the white Wii remote and nunchuk at last night's event to play through a short portion of the game for the audience.
While the attention was most certainly focused on the large screen showing the highly-stylized game, I could still make out some of the controls Nishikawa used to move and perform attacks. It looks like, at least for now, the character, Jack, is controlled by the thumbstick, while attacks are started typically by pressing a button. Some of the attacks, like pounding a person's body into a wall of spikes, or ripping out a heart, were performed with Wii remote motions. The heart ripping specifically, was performed by pressing a button and flicking the remote up.
The enemy AI, this early in the game, didn't really seem to do much to defend itself, though I would assume that would change by the time the game ships. All of the attacks were amazingly gruesome, but the art style helped prevent the game from being grotesque.
Advertisement
Jack's right hand is a chainsaw, and bodies cut vertically in half fell to either side in a splash of vibrant red blood. When a heart was torn from a ribcage, the bad guy would fall back with Jack still clutching the muscle, before crushing it in his hand. Impaled black and white bodies oozed red in great rivulets of blood.
While the bad guys and background are all drawn in bold black and white imagery, the things you can use to decapitate, pulverize and generally kill your enemy all seemed to be marked with small splashes of blood.
The game also appears to have a number of mini-games; one shown last night was called "Man Darts." Jack pulled a giant lever to activate the game, turning a nearby wall into a giant dartboard. Next Jack pulled out a bat and started smacking hapless enemies onto the board. The blood that splashed to mark their impact helped score points for Jack. All the while a team of in-game, but off-screen commentators kept up a line of jokes that included the enthusiastic use of the phrase "man juice."
Advertisement
Madworld has, so far, many of the elements to make it a great game: Amazing art direction and a distinct look, an over-the-top and risky premise and a fun sense of humor, but what will push this game from cherished, but financially unsuccessful, to blow-out success will be how all of these elements come together.
Hopefully, this will turn find a larger audience than cult classic God Hand, another title that reveled in extreme violence but never found the audience it deserved.
Sadly it is becoming more difficult to find spots in Toronto which are frozen in time: Honest Ed's is one, soon to be swept into the giant ash heap of local history. Centreville is another, safe for now and always pleasingly just the same as we remember it from back in the day - whether you visited in the 1970s, 80s, 90s or 2000s.
Constructed in 1967, Centreville (slogan: "It's Always Sunny at Centreville") is a low-key gem. An old-school amusement park for young children and families that somehow survived the ravages of advancement in the amusement park world, maintaining its laid back demeanour while Children's Village at Ontario Place came and went, the CNE turned into a giant Walmart, and Canada's Wonderland built more and more extravagant and expensive buzz rides.
Located on the Toronto Islands, Centreville's charm is its simplicity: a miniature railway, a vintage carousel, a log fume, chairlift, antique track cars, Swan boats, a haunted house (or rather barrel works), a Ferris Wheel and more. Just the right amount of fun stuff to keep youngsters enthralled for a sunny afternoon without the major headaches or wallet thrashing endured at Wonderland or the CNE.
While it is easy to construct "Then and Now" pictures for those places, Centreville almost defies it. Other than some of the fashions on display in these pictures, they could have been taken yesterday:
Although some have complained that Centreville has not evolved with the times, most would agree that is not such a bad thing. In a city that has been literally remixed from the ground up in a few short decades, is it that crazy to desire a small park that still shines sunny rays of nostalgia?
In 2013, the city of Toronto extended the lease of Island land where Centreville is situated to park operator William Beasley Enterprises until 2022. Long may it always be sunny!
Retrontario plumbs the seedy depths of Toronto flea markets, flooded basements, thrift shops and garage sales, mining old VHS and Betamax tapes that less than often contain incredible moments of history that were accidentally recorded but somehow survived the ravages of time. You can find more amazing discoveries at www.retrontario.com.
When a service member deploys for service, or returns to home, they experience emotions that range from anticipation to despair. And for many, the sight of a dog is a comfort in itself and the act of petting it provides a glimpse of happiness.
Hampden residents Cheryl and Ron Lare's two therapy Shih Tzu dogs, Opie and Skylar, have provided that happiness and comfort to troops returning and heading out.
And the dogs love every moment, they noted.
The Shih Tzu's didn't start their therapy work at the Bangor International Airport. They started working as therapy dogs at Phillip Strickland House, in elementary schools and libraries. The role of a therapy dog is to enhance the health and well-being of people ranging from children to seniors.
According to Therapy Dogs International, it has been clinically proven that the acts of petting, touching and talking with animals helps with well-being, relieves stress, and ease symptoms of depression. So it makes sense that therapy dogs are being used to help soldiers returning or leaving in service of our country.
Skylar had a rough start to life. At 14 months old, he was found with a broken jaw and broken ribs and the Lare's took him in to live with them and their other Shih tzu, Opie. The two dogs are the same age, 7 years old, and are buddies, Cheryl said.
Ron's an Air Force veteran himself, and understands the valuable role that his pup plays in his life. So once they learned about the use of therapy dogs as troop greeters, they decided it was a service they could provide to other veterans and active duty troops.
And the response from soldiers to these small, quiet dogs is heartwarming.
“When you see grown men crying and these two dogs just sitting there licking away the tears, it's very interesting to hear the comments people make,” Cheryl said.
Opie and Skylar have their own uniforms, Cheryl and Ron noted. Patches with their likeness adorn the tan jackets the dogs wear when they're “on duty.” That could include late at night, early in the morning, or mid-day.
“They want the dogs,” Cheryl said. “And you just can't refuse it. It's become a passion of ours.”
And that passion extends the dogs. While they don't know the soldier's stories, they do know that they need to provide some TLC. And they do it simply by waiting patiently and sitting quietly.
Ron related a story about a recent encounter with a soldier that was at Bangor International Airport. The chaplain had sought out the Lare's and asked them to keep a watchful eye on one soldier.
“Tears were running down his face,” Ron said. “Three days before he came home, he recovered his best friend's body and hadn't talked to anyone since then.” The next thing they knew, the soldier asked if he could talk to them and hold the dogs.
The good that therapy dogs can do for soldiers who struggle with overwhelming feelings is accented by the work of the Bangor Troop Greeters. Since May 2003, Maine Troop Greeters have greeted over 6,800 flights with more than 1,400,000 service members and 359 military dogs. And the dedicated volunteers who form the troop greeters will be there as long as troops are deployed.
According to the Maine Troop Greeter website, “The mission of the Maine Troop Greeters is to express the nation's gratitude and appreciation to the troops, for those going overseas for a safe return and for those returning for a joyful homecoming and to make their (hopefully brief) stay in Bangor as comfortable and pleasant as possible.”
And while Opie and Skylar are important members of the troop greeter family, their skills as therapy dogs are also appreciated by the children and adults who encounter them at schools and senior centers and retirement homes.
GOP Health Care Bill Appears Dead After Sen. Collins Declares Opposition
The latest effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act appears to be blocked after Maine Sen. Susan Collins opposed the bill. Her opposition means the bill cannot pass the Senate with only GOP support.
AILSA CHANG, HOST:
The latest Republican effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act appears all but dead tonight now that Republican Senator Susan Collins of Maine says she does not support the proposal. She joins Republican senators John McCain and Rand Paul in opposing the bill, and that is one too many noes for the bill to pass the Senate with only Republican support. Collins' announcement comes minutes after the Congressional Budget Office said the plan known as Graham-Cassidy would leave millions more people without health insurance coverage. And all this caps a dramatic day of hearings and protests on Capitol Hill.
Joining us now to talk about the day is NPR health policy correspondent Alison Kodjak. Hi, Alison.
ALISON KODJAK, BYLINE: Hi, Ailsa.
CHANG: So why does Senator Collins say she's opposed to this plan?
KODJAK: Well, Senator Collins says, you know, she's worried about the cuts to the Medicaid program. This plan would roll back the expansion of Medicaid that happened under the Affordable Care Act, and it would grow the program more slowly over time. Now, Medicaid covers the poor, low-income people and people with disabilities. And, you know, it's very hard to see how they can grow it more slowly than inflation and still cover those people.
She also says she's worried about people with pre-existing conditions. This bill doesn't actually have the same level of protection as the current law. And, you know, if it were to go into effect, insurers potentially in some states could charge people more if they have a pre-existing condition. And it could eliminate some types of coverage like mental health care or maternity care, which then wouldn't give people who need those coverages the care they need.
CHANG: Senator Collins' decision came on the heels of this Congressional Budget Office analysis. What did the CBO say about this proposal?
KODJAK: Yeah. You know, it was interesting. The CBO was only supposed to talk about the deficit impact of this bill. And it did say that it would reduce the deficit by $133 billion. But the CBO decided to go further. It said that while it didn't have time to do its thorough analysis, it concluded that millions fewer people would have insurance under this plan. It said that a lot of people would lose coverage because of that Medicaid rollback and that who lost insurance would really depend on what state they lived in. And that's because this bill would have taken all this money from the Affordable Care Act and instead redistribute it to states to design their whole - their own health plans.
CHANG: Right.
KODJAK: And it was unclear what each state would do.
CHANG: So that report comes on this day where there was a lot of drama on Capitol Hill, right? What happened?
KODJAK: Yeah, there were protests. And they were pretty dramatic on Capitol Hill.
CHANG: Yeah.
KODJAK: There was a hearing in the Senate, the Senate Finance Committee, which is going to be the only hearing on this bill. And early in the day, a lot of advocates for people with disabilities showed up. And they were determined to fill that hearing room. And a lot of them were in wheelchairs. And as soon as the hearing opened, they started chanting. And they were chanting, no cuts to Medicaid, save our liberty. The senators couldn't speak over them. They couldn't proceed. And it delayed the hearing. And eventually, the Capitol police were called in. And they had to drag people out of the room. They took some out of their wheelchairs. They wheeled them out in their wheelchairs.
CHANG: Wow.
KODJAK: It really made for some unsettling images.
CHANG: So now that at least three senators, Republican senators, are opposing this bill, I suppose now Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has a decision to make, right?
KODJAK: Yeah. He has to decide whether or not to pull this bill or to take it to a vote. And, you know, it's unclear what he'll do. If at some point he does pull it or the bill fails, there is a bipartisan effort standing in the wings, waiting to go forward. And so we'll see what happens, whether that can get done after this bill finally disappears.
CHANG: All right. Alison Kodjak is NPR's health policy correspondent. Thank you, Alison.
KODJAK: Thank you, Ailsa.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Dark skin makes you stupid and undesirable, seems to be the message of a new campaign by Citra Thailand, who is putting its money where its pasty, bleached mouth is.
Challenging young women to get ahead in life with whiter skin, the Thai division of Anglo-Dutch Unilever recently announced its “3D White-Skinned Girls Search” for the most sallow students, the winners of which will receive educational scholarships.
This hasn't exactly gone over well, with Thai netizens expressing dismay and outrage over the campaign, which they complain promotes the unhealthy, white-skin craze in the least tasteful way possible.
First airing on Thai television last month, the commercial is set at a university and shows a dark-skinned student being interviewed as she is asked: “What would you do to stand out in your uniform?” The stumped student gives a clueless look before the scene cuts to a cadaverous gang of students whose skin luminesces like radioactive moon rock. Their confident reply: “Apply whitening cream!”
Later, the video focuses on one alabaster adolescent who we're told is the perfect candidate for Citra Thailand's search, which requires female students to submit photos of themselves wearing university uniforms. The winners will be awarded scholarships.
The commercial and campaign are attacked widely by the public, most of whom feel it is ridiculous and irresponsible to link white skin to higher education. Most netizens agree the video emphasizes the unhealthy values about skin color.
“This country is for white people only,” one Pantip user commented and illustrated her post with a photo representing Abraham Lincoln, the U.S. president who was assassinated after bringing an end to slavery.
Citra is not the first brand to have a campaign backfire on them. Earlier this year, Verena L-Gluta Berry Plus and Dunkin' Donuts also drew accusations of racism for their ads.
Citra Thailand is a division of Unilever, the consumer mega-multinational headquartered in England and the Netherlands.
File photo of Hafiz Saeed (Agence France-Presse photo)
On national television today in Pakistan, Hafiz Saeed, one of the world's most-wanted men, blamed India for the massacre of children at a Pakistan school and vowed revenge. Not a single politician in Pakistan condemned the remarks of the man behind the terror attacks in Mumbai in 2008, in which 166 people were killed. ( Peshawar school massacre: Track Live Updates here Saeed's threats come as India has pledged its support to its neighbour as it grapples with its worst-ever terror attack. Taliban gunmen stormed an army-run school in Peshawar on Tuesday, ruthlessly killing over 130 children. ( The Men Who Shot 132 Children at Their School in Pakistan As Pakistan began its three-day mourning with mass burials, Indian schools held two minutes' silence and special prayers this morning for the young lives lost; a similar tribute was paid by both houses of Parliament. National Security Advisor Ajit Doval met the Pakistani envoy in Delhi today and pledged, "India is behind the people and government of Pakistan"; he said Delhi will "do everything possible to help Pakistan counter the menace of terrorism."Last night, Prime Minister Narendra Modi called Pakistani premier Nawaz Sharif and described the Peshawar attack as a tragedy that has "shaken the conscience of the world." Mr Modi told the Pakistani premier that the attack "is also a call for our two countries and all those who believe in humanity to join hands to decisively and comprehensively defeat terrorism." India has repeatedly urged Pakistan to rein in militant groups operating on its soil. ( PM Modi Calls Nawaz Sharif, 2-Minute Silence in Indian Schools After cross-border violence peaked in Kashmir, Mr Modi and Mr Sharif shared cold vibes at last month's meeting of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation or SAARC leaders in Nepal.Saeed, who has a $10 million US bounty on his head since 2012, appears openly at rallies in Pakistan, and frequently denounces India as a terrorist state. Earlier this month, special trains were organized to ferry his supporters from Islamabad to Lahore, a clear signal of his clout within the establishment. He is the founder of Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), a militant group banned in Pakistan but tolerated unofficially and believed to be close to the army. Pakistani politicians tout him as the head of an Islamic charity which enjoys popular support for its humanitarian work.
You never just give up on family and neither has Telltale's favorite family man. Voice actor extraordinaire Gavin Hammon was kind enough to chat with us about just how far The Walking Dead‘s Kenny has come since his second chance at life. Was it all for nothing? You can read our thoughts on the matter.
Hammon, known everywhere from additional voices in 2005's Batman Begins and 2012's Hitman Absolution to The Wolf Among Us‘s Beast, has been “talking fer stuff” since 2004. Whether his characters are sporting a fine ‘stache (or hair in plenty of other places), Hammon reveals just the kind of guy that's behind Lee and Clementine's most complicated ally.
[divider]
What was your experience with The Walking Dead before working Telltale's series? Were you a fan of the graphic novel or the TV show?
When we received the audition packets, the first season of the show had just aired and I think everybody watched that, so I was familiar with the tone of the show. I also worked in a comic shop for about 10 years and a coworker had forced me to read the first few trades, which I really dug. I think I went back and reviewed the show and the comic while prepping for the audition too, just to make sure my tone made sense…
In your own words, what kind of man is Kenny?
Well, he's a changed man, for sure. At the top of the first season, he's got a lot to live for and a lot to lose. So initially there's humor to him and a lightheartedness in those first few encounters. As he starts to lose everything, he's defined by his anger and he becomes more and more broken. It was a real pleasure to get to perform a character that undergoes that kind of transformation.
Growing up in the San Francisco Bay area, was there any inspiration behind voicing Kenny's Southern twang?
Nothing specific, just a healthy appreciation for a southern accent. In the specs, Kenny was supposed to be southern, and I naturally jump at those chances. I think if my wife would let me me, I'd talk with a southern accent all the time…
It's been said that Kenny's death in Season 1 was originally less open ended. How did the idea to bring him back from his “extremely clear” death come to be?
Yep, initially we had very clear death audio, character reactions acknowledging his death, etc. I honestly don't know why that was changed, only that it was made to be more ambiguous, and we recorded pick ups for 105 that captured that.
By season 2, Kenny's already in a relationship with a woman, Sarita, some time after the death of his wife and son. Do you believe he really loved her?
Sure, I believe he loved Sarita, he's a resilient guy and had been through a lot by the end of season 1. Finding another person to care about is a natural, human reaction to loss. Kenny finds himself in a dark place by episode 3 of season 2.
What do you think is going through is head committing, what fans say, is a cold-blooded murder?
I think he genuinely thought Carver was always going to be a threat to someone. After the beating Kenny takes from Carver, he channels all that rage that's been steeping in him at right Carver. But there's nothing cold blooded about that killing, it's as hot blooded as could possibly be.
In the midst of it all, there's Clementine. What would you say is the kind of relationship between the two of them?
I think Kenny's like an uncle figure to her, as opposed to Lee's father figure. Kenny feels compelled to protect Clem, but his pain makes him unsteady, unpredictable, and in some ways, threatening. While I don't think he could ever hurt Clem, he can certainly make decisions that endanger her.
At No Going Back's end, Clementine's finally forced to make a choice between Kenny and Jane. Who would you choose in her position?
I can't really distance myself from my involvement in the game, so I imagine I would choose to look away, then probably shoot Kenny. I dunno, I might want to hear how the speech at the wall turned out. Like I said, it's difficult to separate myself from the game, which also makes it hard for me to play things I work on…
What was it like working with the old and new members of season 2's voice cast?
Well, we rarely actually work together, but it's nice to hear feeders from Scott Porter and Michael Madsen. There are only a few of us that worked on Season 1 in the second season, I really wish there were more because many of them are close friends of mine. I'm glad Melissa is in there though, she's a phenomenally talented actor and one of my best friends.
Any voice actors you'd love to work with in the future, gaming or otherwise?
We work in isolation on interactive projects almost exclusively, so I never really think about working with other VAs, honesty–usually I find out who's in it after the fact. I suppose on an animation project, I'd love to work with Melissa, Phil Lamarr, Maurice Lemarche, Billy West.
On a final note, if you were in a zombie apocalypse tomorrow, what would be your weapon of choice
Crossbow, of course.
Ah, I have to agree.
[divider]
Telltale's The Walking Dead: Season 2 is available on Playstation 4, Xbox One, PS3, Playstation Vita, Xbox 360, Windows for PC, Mac OSX, Android, iOS, Kindle Fire HDX.
Position: Center (but likely wing in the future)
Age: 24
Height: 6'0"
Weight: 192 lbs.
2013-14 team: Buffalo
Acquired: Traded along with Alexander Sulzer from the Canucks for Zack Kassian and Marc-Andre Gragnani
Last year's ranking: 1
Despite all of his defensive deficiencies, Cody Hodgson had a season where he led the Sabres in points. That's not saying as much this year as some others in the past, but it still makes him one of the top forwards with the Sabres.
When the Sabres acquired Hodgson at the deadline two years ago, it was one of the biggest trades of the day. Looking back on it, it's clear that the Sabres ended up getting the better end of the deal. Hodgson is heavily out-producing Kassian statistically, and the Sabres even got a few years out of Alex Sulzer instead of the half a season Vancouver had Gragnani.
Of course that doesn't mean that Hodgson is without his flaws. His defensive abilities have been heavily questioned, but the Sabres seem to have found a way to mask that. Formally considered one of the Sabres top centers, Hodgson will see much more playing time on the wing this season. It puts less responsibility on him and makes sense for the general future plan of the roster. The Sabres have a bulk of young centers, with Tyler Ennis, Sam Reinhart, Zemgus Girgensons, and Mikhail Grigorenko (even before mentioning next year's pick) it would probably make sense for Hodgson to move to wing even without the defensive issues.
Where does Hodgson end up on the Sabres roster of the future? That's still up in the air. But after moving to wing he's reignited hope that he can be a valuable member of the roster. Put him on a line with a center with stronger defensive abilities, like Girgensons for example, and Hodgson can excel.
Want to check out more Top 25 Under 25 pieces? Click here.
Download raw source
Known for his books on programming Microsoft Windows and his technical advice in PC Magazine , Charles Petzold has long been a favorite of the programmers among us. His latest book, Code: The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software , breaks from tradition and offers a look at data representation and processing that the average Joe can appreciate. From Morse code to Unicode, Petzold's new book has a lot to say about how human beings communicate with the help of machines.
Amazon.com: What was your goal in writing Code? It's a pretty big departure from the books with which you've built your reputation as a programmer and author, the hefty how-to manuals on Microsoft Windows programming. What inspired you to write this book?
Charles Petzold: Code was not written for programmers. It is a unique tour through the digital technologies that make our computers work, starting with Morse code and the telegraph, and I wrote it for people who aren't necessarily computer-savvy.
I first conceived of Code in 1987 while writing the PC Tutor column for PC Magazine . I realized it might be possible to demonstrate how computers work starting from very simple ideas, and for almost a decade I let the book take form in my head before writing a word. Code was the most difficult writing I've ever done. But I wanted to do something more challenging than revising Programming Windows for the nth time. I also wanted to write a book that might have a shelf life of more than two years, and which my family and nonprogrammer friends might want to read.
Amazon.com: Some of the best parts of Code are the portions in which you explain how certain common types of coding (such as UPC bar codes and ISO grids on rolls of film) work. Can you decode some other everyday representation of data for us--perhaps those two-dimensional, scannable tags that UPS has been using for a while now, or ISBNs on books?
Petzold: Although digital codes are used in many modern household appliances, they aren't often in clear view. That's why Code is subtitled "The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software." I haven't explored those UPS tags, however. From what I understand, each one is unique and they include some encrypted data that allows them to be locally printed by the sender of the parcel. What's interesting is that it's very obviously a binary code and you can actually determine the number of bits in the grid. That's not quite obvious with bar codes. The ISBN bar codes on books are very similar to the UPC bar codes, so perhaps the exercise of decoding them is best left to a reader of Code !
Amazon.com: You talk a lot about ASCII code in your book. How is the newer Unicode standard different? How do the bits in a Unicode character break down?
Petzold: Unicode is something I feel very strongly about, and I discuss it at length in Programming Windows as well as in Code . Currently, most digital representations of text use a variation of a 7-bit code called ASCII--the American Standard Code for Information Interchange. ASCII is truly an American standard and was never intended to represent the accented letters used in many European languages, to say nothing of non-Roman alphabets such as Hebrew, Greek, and Cyrillic, or the thousands of ideographs used in Chinese, Japanese, and Korean. Over the years, many extensions to ASCII have been developed to compensate for these deficiencies, unfortunately all of them incompatible.
Unicode is a single unambiguous 16-bit text encoding system with the potential of representing 65,536 characters, including all the characters from all the world's written languages that are likely to be used in computer communications. The universal adaptation of Unicode is an important step in internationalizing computer use, but that's a big job because ASCII is probably the most entrenched computer standard of them all.
The individual bits of Unicode don't have any independent meaning. Instead, different alphabets and collections of ideographs are assigned ranges of codes. Codes 3840 through 4025, for example, represent characters used in Tibetan.
Amazon.com: Code has a lot to do with representations of data and information. What is your characterization of the difference between data and information?
Petzold: Claude Shannon--the inventor of information theory, and one of the important historical figures who make an appearance in Code --never made a distinction between information and data. To Shannon (in The Mathematical Theory of Communication , 1949), information represents a differentiation between two or more possibilities, and thus can be conveyed with one or more bits.
Today, however, particularly influenced by books such as Clifford Stoll's Silicon Snake Oil (1995) and David Shenk's Data Smog (1997), we tend to say that data is the raw stuff and information is the processed stuff. Information makes sense of datPetzold: Information draws conclusions from datPetzold: Information has utility. One of the problems of the mass media and the Internet, such authors say, is that we get too much data and not enough real information.
But I don't find this distinction particularly useful in exploring the ways in which data (or information) is digitally encoded, which is what Code is all about. It doesn't really matter whether the information (or data) is useful or not. And it's really just a matter of perspective. One person's data is another person's information--particularly if it's the person's job to turn data into information for other people.
Amazon.com: What about context? This is what XML namespaces are all about. If I'm an admissions officer at a university, a value called "yield" is the percentage of accepted students who decide to come to my university. If I'm an atomic physicist, "yield" is the explosive power of an unregulated nuclear reaction. The words are the same--how do different representation schemes deal with context-dependent differences in meaning?
Petzold: That ambiguity is a potential problem in XML. The more ambiguous XML is, the less useful it will be.
But in general, bits never really tell you anything about themselves. One of the most common bugs in computer programming is called a signed/unsigned mismatch. Often in such cases a negative number is stored in two's-complement format (discussed in chapter 13 of Code ), but another part of the program assumes that it's a positive number. There's even a bug like that in chapter 7 of the fifth edition of Programming Windows ! Avoiding such bugs is a necessity of programming. Anything that reads data needs to know exactly what format is being used to store the data.
Amazon.com: The coding systems you describe--Morse, ASCII and so on--are great as intermediaries between some kind of machine and a human language, such as English or German. But the human languages still carry all the big ideas. "Four" is a pretty much universal concept, and nearly everyone in the world will recognize the Arabic numeral "4" as representative of that concept. But other universal concepts include "love," "beauty," "shame," and "greed." I mean, look at Michelangelo's "Pieta" and clearly it's about grief, but it's not much good for communicating that feeling to someone who can't see the statue. Is there any hope for universal tele-representation of big ideas?
Petzold: Morse code and ASCII can represent the word "love" just as well as written language. The bits in a waveform file can represent the word almost as well as spoken language. And the bits in a movie file can represent the word almost as well as face-to-face communication. That we get some meaning from the word is a result of its formal definition and a lifetime of shared experiences.
If a work of art imparts only emotions such as "grief," the work must be said to have an extremely low signal-to-noise ratio. That's an awful lot of marble to convey an emotion that could be conveyed just as effectively using stick figures. What we appreciate in classical sculpture is more accurately the geometrical form and proportions.
Amazon.com: Have you read Bruce Chatwin's The Songlines? The book is about the Aboriginal people of Australia, and it has a lot to say about the representation of information. There is a particular passage that's relevant here. The idea of the passage is that there are many Aboriginal groups scattered around the continent, and they have mutually unintelligible spoken languages. However, all the groups use songs to describe physical journeys. The songs work on several levels. The words describe the landmarks and the terrain, but so do the rhythm and the melody. Chatwin notes that a man from near Darwin, listening to a man from near Townsville sing about his home, can extract information about topography from the song even though he knows none of the words. The songs are systems of encoding information. They're universally understood. Have you any thoughts on this idea?
Petzold: This might surprise Igor Stravinsky, who said that music was incapable of expressing anything except itself. In this particular case, I'd be surprised if the rhythm and melody conveyed more information about typography than might be managed with simple hand gestures. Anything more elaborate would require encoding schemes that would inordinately interfere with the structural rhythm and harmony, perhaps ultimately resembling those John Cage compositions that were based on star maps.
Although the syntax of language seems to be ingrained in our newborn brains, vocabularies are obviously not. In this sense, music is more universal than language because the vocabulary of rhythm and harmony are related to the biology of our bodies--the pulsing of our natural rhythms and our sense of hearing. Harmony in particular can be analyzed as the relationship of frequencies in relatively simple integral ratios. That fact that a major fifth is 1.5 times the frequency of the tonic is culturally independent. Thus, different levels of consonance and dissonance are available to convey culturally independent antipodes. For example, a dissonant passage might convey a craggy terrain and a consonant passage a level terrain.
However, if this is solely the type of information one is drawing from a particular piece of music, it too must be said to have a low signal-to-noise ratio. What is usually much more interesting in music is the way in which the composer is using form and proportions to convey emotions (or topography or whatever) rather than the emotions themselves.
Amazon.com: "Maybe" and "kind of" are important concepts to human beings, but they're not well-suited to binary encoding or processing by logic gates. Is there a place for ambiguity in computing? Or is ambiguity, like chaos in natural systems, just order of a sort we don't yet understand?
Petzold: There's a whole field called "fuzzy logic" that attempts to combat the numerical rigidity that bits and gates seem to imply. Readers of Code might be interested in Arturo Sangalli's The Importance of Being Fuzzy (1998) for a good basic introduction to fuzzy logic. It's a topic that would have been discussed in Code had we ("we" meaning Microsoft Press and I) decided we wanted a 500-page book rather than a 400-page book.
Amazon.com: In Code , you have a lot to say about computer theory, meaning that you talk about ways of encoding values so that machines can interpret them, mechanisms for processing those values, and systems for sharing those values with human operators. But you don't say much about networks. Does computer theory change at all when you have lots of computers hooked together? Is the network really the computer, as Sun Microsystems says?
Petzold: For purposes of clarity, Code concentrates on pre-networked computers. Surely such computers have a considerable amount of utility. Connecting computers makes possible distributed processing, which is dividing a particular computer task among multiple machines. That certainly complicates traditional computer theory somewhat. But for most people using the Internet, distributed processing is just not very common. For the most part, the transfer of information is barely more sophisticated than accessing a hard drive or a CD-ROM. Unfortunately, the most interactive areas of the Internet are those designed to turn the Web into one big giant mail-order catalog.
Amazon.com: You also talk a lot about bits, which are of course the means of representing values in digital computers. What about as-yet-theoretical quantum computers, which use quantum bits, or "qubits," to represent not just specific values, but all possible values at once? If a computer can take all possible values and perform calculations on them to yield all possible outcomes, what does that say about information, or about what is real?
Petzold: My main hope in writing Code is that the reader comes away with a really good feeling for what a bit is, and how bits are combined to convey information. That's essential to understanding this digital era that we've built for ourselves. Quantum computing would have been discussed in Code had we decided to make it a longer book, but it's quite a difficult topic. And of course, as you imply, quantum computing is probably nowhere close to becoming an actual product!
I think qubits have major implications for parallel processing, but attempting to extract metaphysical meaning regarding reality leads, I think, to that type of anti-intellectual new-age pothead mysticism that passes for science writing in some circles. Our notions of reality have been altered much less by quantum theory than by the discoveries of Kepler, Copernicus, Galileo, Newton, and Darwin.
Amazon.com: Do you have any plans to write further about general programming topics, perhaps about compiler theory? It seems like a logical next step, and something your readers would enjoy.
Petzold: Wherever my career goes at this point, it almost certainly won't involve a book on compiler theory! I'm finding myself more interested in writing books that would be found in the Science & Technology section of the bookstore. These are the books I like to read and the subjects that intrigue me.
The's have made a number of changes to the Coliseum recently. Some are bigger than others, but collectively they amount to a statement: This is our home. Rather than treat it with all the care of a hobo squatting in a boarded up ramshackle Victorian in soon-to-be gentrified West Oakland (which was more or less the case over the past 20 years or so), the A's are treating it like the palace of magic and memories that it is.
To an A's fan, that means a lot. First came the new scoreboards two years ago. This year, a slew of changes: Christening it Rickey Henderson Field, opening the “Championship Plaza” with games, food trucks and an inviting atmosphere, debuting the Shibe Park Tavern with nods to the franchise's history as well as quality food and beer options, getting rid of the ugly and faded tarps, adding a sweet “Holy Toledo” sign in the outfield, and announcing an upcoming upgrade to the kids zone.
The's are going through all this trouble to spruce up an old building that they don't even own. And yet, come fall, the Raiders will yet again careen through our home with the conscientiousness of a herd of Spanish bulls, trample our field and overflow our ancient plumbing system.
I have never been a Raiders fan. Few people who grew up in the Bay Area when I did really care about the Raiders (many, such as Oakland native and avowed 49ers fan Gary Payton, never forgave them for leaving). I only ever knew them as the LA Raiders, until they came back with some fanfare when I was in high school. I'd watch their games casually if they were on TV, rooting for them but not invested in the outcome.
Although they ruined the Coliseum for baseball forever with the construction of the ugly, misplaced, tacky, and ironically-not-even-used-for-football Mount Davis, I didn't hate them.
In past years, I convinced myself not to care about the annual destruction wrought upon Clay Wood's artistic mastery, because at least the Raiders were Oakland's team. There was enough crossover between A's fans and Raiders fans that I never thought it was productive to bash the Raiders and start blood feuds within an already small and abused fanbase.
However, now that their never-accomplished-anything overgrown manchild of an owner has completed his pursuit of the dollar signs in Las Vegas, why should we bother rolling out the green carpet for this degenerate and his team that has two feet out the door?
The Warriors' Draymond Green echoed my sentiments:
“So, it's one thing if you're moving them from Oakland to Fremont or something. But to Las Vegas? I wouldn't attend a game. I won't attend a game. And I'm not a diehard Raiders fan, but I do support the city of Oakland, so it ain't for me. I feel like all fans should feel that way. You just don't do that. C'mon, man. That's ridiculous”
The Raiders have tried to reduce the awkwardness of these last two seasons by signing beloved Oakland native Marshawn Lynch out of retirement to play for his hometown team. That blatant PR move actually worked on some folks I know, because it's hard to hate on Lynch. However it should be seen for what it is, a band-aid on the stab wound the Raiders dug into Oakland's back.
Meanwhile, after the Raiders' move was announced, A's President Dave Kaval more or less said “don't let the door hit you on the way out” while speaking to NBC Sports California's Joe Stiglich regarding the idea of shifting the home clubhouse into the Raiders' locker room space.
“Well, it's considerably bigger than our current locker room,” he said, “and so we could have a more player-friendly area, more lounge space, be more spread out. Even space for training facilities we don't have now. And so it just provides a lot more flexibility, and a better draw for players if they want to play here in Oakland.”
Let me get this straight. The Raiders are leaving Oakland, the city whose taxpayers funded their return (and are still paying for!) yet they want Oakland to welcome them with open arms for two seasons in the building that they trashed, and oh yeah, do so to the detriment of the current tenants, who by the way, actually want to stay here? Which current tenants are working hard to IMPROVE the building that the Raiders trash every fall? Why should we A's fans or anyone in Oakland put up with this? Why should the Raiders' paltry eight home games continue to ruin RICKEY HENDERSON FIELD and, even worse, cost the A's a chance at landing and retaining talent?
Ah. There is this minor detail that the Raiders are on a year-to-year lease, and apparently they hold annual options to renew the lease for the next two seasons (the first of which was already exercised).
That being the case, the city and county should take a page out of Al Davis' playbook: Don't honor the option, and if the Raiders refuse to leave, don't let ‘em in. That ought to be enough, as I doubt the Raiders and the NFL even want to deal with the potential public backlash that comes along with suing the city they are leaving. A few experts have put forth plausible arguments against the Raiders' being able to stay in the Coliseum, should it come to a legal battle.
Even if the fight spills into court, I say get the sledgehammers going. If the city and county and the A's actually go ahead and build those locker rooms right now, the Raiders can hem and haw and sue but they can't actually play football in our home. If they can't play, it means no divots, cleat marks, dead grass, and especially no freaking yard lines in our field. Let Mark Davis and his haircut go hat in hand to Jed York's 49ers or find a college that needs some cash and use their field. Now that they are for sure going to Vegas, I really don't care where they play as long as it ain't Rickey Henderson Field.
Seriously, Raiders, just get the f*** out of Oakland.
BSNL (Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited) has rolled out its new Chaukka-444 plan that gives users unlimited data for 90 days. The STV is a special promotional offer, which can only be availed by prepaid users. BSNL's STV- 444 is a follow up to previously launched STV 333 aka Triple ACE plan, which the company claims got a ‘successful response'.
Advertising
STV- 444 offers unlimited data at 4GB per day at a recharge of Rs 444. Validity is 90 days. “We are committeed to provide affordable and efficient services to all segment of our mobile customers. We offer best prices to our customers considering present trend of Indian telecom industry,” R.K.Mittal, Director (CM) BSNL Board said in a press statement.
Telecos in India have resorted to aggressive data pricing thanks to Reliance Jio's cheap data plans. The newcomer, which rolled out its services on September 1, 2016, has already crossed 108 million user base. Jio's ‘Dhan Dhana Dhan' plan for its Prime members give 1GB and 2GB data per day at a recharge of Rs 309 and Rs 509 respectively.
Reliance Jio also unveiled a new plan that offers 20 per cent more 4G data to those users who buy select Lyf-branded smartphones. According to a PTI report, Jio's data tariffs remain the cheapest in the country in both prepaid and postpaid categories.
Advertising
Rivals like Idea, Airtel and Vodafone have lowered their data tariffs as well. Idea recently unveiled a new plan that offers 70GB of 3G data at Rs 396. Vodafone, on the other hand, launched its Ramzan special offer that gives users 25GB data along with unlimited calling at Rs 786 to its customers in select circles.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says that the election of October 19, 2015 was the last to be held under the single-member-plurality electoral system, or first-past-the-post (FPTP). His government aims to have a new system in place for the next election — either some form of proportional representation (PR) or a preferential ballot.
Apparently all kinds of people agree with him — many of them political scientists who have been preaching reform for years. It should be stressed, however, that these advocates of change are champions of proportional representation, not the preferential ballot — and there is a big difference between the two.
PR is designed to bring the number of seats the political parties win in the legislature into line with their percentage of the popular vote. By contrast, the preferential ballot simply allows voters in each of the districts to rank-order the candidates; ballot counting continues until one of the candidates — possibly most voters' second or third choice — wins. In other words, the preferential ballot is about the candidates, not the parties.
In the discussion that follows, I assume that a robust form of PR is on offer. The advocates of PR argue that it would correct two of the (allegedly) most egregious flaws of the existing system. The first is that voters who choose losing candidates are not represented by winning candidates. This claim is simply wrong. The second alleged flaw is the common misalignment between the percentage of the popular vote won by a political party and the percentage of the seats it holds in the legislature. This claim is not wrong — but it is highly misleading.
Let's look at the notion that the winning candidate represents only those who voted for him — that those who voted for other candidates (often a majority of the voters) are left high and dry. This is nonsense. The point can be illustrated by referring to the Carter decision of 1991, when Madame Justice Beverley McLachlin, writing for the majority, said that the elected representative has both an ombudsman role and a legislative role. In the ombudsman role, the representative helps constituents gain government support for local projects, access government services like employment benefits, and resolve personal disputes in dealings with government agencies. The representative does not ask about voting preferences and then turn away constituents who happened to have voted for rival candidates. The understanding is that the winning candidate represents the district as a whole and all the people who live there.
What about representation in the legislative role? Obviously, the governing party will not represent opponents on some specific issues. But it will represent them on other issues — for example, the few issues on which there is all-party consensus (like the formal apology made by former Prime Minister Stephen Harper to First Nations people on the subject of residential schools), issues on which there is overlap or middle ground (like the acceptable range of budget deficits), issues on which opponents agree with the party that they decline to support (like the Keystone pipeline, supported by the both Liberal party and Conservative voters), and issues on which parties reverse themselves, thereby suddenly representing the views of opponents (Prime Minister Jean Chrétien's conversion to the North American Free Trade Agreement his Conservative predecessors negotiated with the United States).
In other words, representation on legislative items is not a black-and-white matter. It is unsophisticated to say that votes for losing candidates are simply “lost” votes and those who cast them lack representation in the system — although it is, of course, true that a winning party with a strong ideological bias may be more inclined to display the same orientation across a wider array issue areas than a centrist party with an interest-aggregation focus.
The second alleged flaw of the FPTP electoral system is misalignment. The recent election produced an excellent example of misalignment in relation to the Liberal party, which won 54.5 per cent of the seats in the House of Commons on the basis of 39.5 per cent of the popular vote.
What can the results of past elections, recalculated as if they were run under a different electoral system, possibly tell us? Nothing at all — for the very good reason that a significant change in the electoral system will trigger an equally significant change in political parties. Within two elections, Canada's political party system will be unrecognizable by today's standards. What can the results of past elections, recalculated as if they were run under a different electoral system, possibly tell us? Nothing at all — for the very good reason that a significant change in the electoral system will trigger an equally significant change in political parties. Within two elections, Canada's political party system will be unrecognizable by today's standards.
That kind of result is not an uncommon one in Canadian politics and is a consequence of the dynamic that takes place when the FPTP system meets the multi-party system. The successful party can take seat after seat on the basis of pluralities (the most votes of any candidate in a riding, but not a majority of them), thereby winding up with a robust majority of seats on the basis of a plurality of the vote overall. And the reverse can occur as well — a party can lose seat after seat, possibly by very few votes in each riding, and wind up with a tiny caucus that is smaller than the party's percentage of the popular vote suggests. This has often happened to the New Democratic Party — it happened to the NDP again in the recent election, when the party won just 13 per cent of the seats in the House with 19.7 per cent of the popular vote.
There is no doubt that PR can correct misalignment. But is misalignment the real issue here? The issue for PR advocates is misalignment as it affects the progressive vote. In their minds, misalignment is invariably mixed up with the fate of the progressive vote, almost always diminishing its weight.
Why? Because advocates of PR keep looking through the rearview mirror at past elections. The results of the general election of May 2011 illustrate that point.
In that election, the Conservative party won 54.4 per cent of the seats in the House on the basis of 39.5 per cent of the popular vote — almost exactly the result that the Liberals got in 2015. (Political scientist Peter Russell calls such results “false majorities.”) By contrast, the NDP got 33.0 per cent of the seats with 30.6 per cent of the popular vote and the Liberals managed only 11.0 per cent of the seats with 18.9 per cent of the popular vote. The Greens got 0.3 per cent of the seats (1) with 3.9 per cent of the popular vote. If the progressive popular vote had been amalgamated, it would have totaled nearly 44 per cent. Under a robust system of PR, the seats won by the progressive parties would have matched that figure, while the Conservative party's share of the seats would have dropped to about 40 per cent. A different outcome, indeed.
It's easy for PR advocates to do such calculations for past elections in a bid to show that they're unfair by citing the benchmark that a party's percentage of seats ought to accurately reflect its popular vote share. But why bother? What can the results of past elections, recalculated as if they were run under a different electoral system, possibly tell us?
In my view, nothing at all — for the very good reason that a significant change in the electoral system will trigger an equally significant change in political parties. Within two elections, Canada's political party system will be unrecognizable by today's standards.
The combination of the FPTP electoral system and the Westminster system of responsible parliamentary government sets up significant incentives for disciplined political parties to aim to be national parties capable of forming majority party governments. And often they succeed, as the Conservatives did in 2011 and the Liberals did in 2015. But not always.
Canada is an exceptionally large country comprised of distinct regions that can defeat efforts at national integration. Regional parties began with the Progressives — mostly from Western Canada — who broke away from the Liberal party under the leadership of William Lyon Mackenzie King and won 60 seats in the general election of 1921, thereby depriving King of a majority government. Between 1962 and 1979, the Ralliement des créditistes under Réal Caouette gained seats in Quebec in every general election; in 1963, their 20 seats ended Liberal hopes of gaining a majority government in that election. The Progressive Conservative party was eventually destroyed by regional parties — the Western-based Reform party under Preston Manning founded in 1987 and the Bloc Québécois founded under Lucien Bouchard in 1990.
None of these regional parties lasted. In one way or another, all were reabsorbed into the established parties. The point is that even the existing electoral system cannot discourage them. A robust form of PR, on the other hand, would positively encourage them. It's all too easy for ambitious, entrepreneurial politicians to trade on regional grievances and establish a regional party. And the rewards of electoral success in gaining a regional bloc of seats is tempting. What might such rewards be? At best, one or more seats in the cabinet of a coalition government and an opportunity to secure policies and publicly-funded projects that favour the region.
The rub for progressives is that regional parties tend to lump together voters that cover the left-right spectrum under the banner of the region. In other words, regional parties tend to suppress the progressive faction of their support because they are an amalgam of so many other voices — fearful-conservative and regionally-preoccupied voices among them.
Those who support a robust version of PR in the expectation that it will underpin progressive coalition governments forever had best be careful what they wish for.
Jennifer Smith is a professor emeritus, former chair of Political Science and former Eric Dennis Memorial Chair at Dalhousie University. [email protected]
This article appears in the current issue of Policy magazine.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
In the middle of the season, says Ohio State coach Urban Meyer, the Buckeyes “hit about a three-week wall.” After averaging 53.2 points in their first five games, they failed to crack 25 in regulation at Wisconsin and Penn State and against Northwestern. They suffered their first defeat 24-21 in State College on Oct. 22.
“Those were tough road games, with Wisconsin coming off a bye week and Penn State coming off a bye week, and Northwestern is a good team,” Meyer told FOX Sports on Sunday. “You get back at 5:30 a.m. — we were completely off our schedule. On top of that, it's a young team that's relatively inexperienced.”
Suffice to say the 9-1 Buckeyes have broken through that wall the past two weeks, notching identical 62-3 routs against 8-2 Nebraska and at 5-5 Maryland. An offense that for several weeks could not get into a rhythm suddenly could not be stopped.
Article continues below ...
“There are a lot of reasons,” for the explosion, said Meyer. “The offensive line is keeping our quarterback protected, we're throwing the ball much better. The receivers had their two best games, they're blocking for each other, and of course J.T. [Barrett] is playing better.”
And then there's Curtis Samuel.
The Buckeyes' speedy H-back seemingly went missing for a few weeks, with Meyer faced weekly with questions about his lack of touches. But against Nebraska he caught a 75-yard touchdown pass and accounted for 178 yards on 13 rushes or catches. Against Maryland, three of his nine touches went for scores.
While Barrett is Ohio State's more recognizable star, Buckeyes fans are starting to push for Samuel to garner Heisman consideration. The junior is currently the only player in the country with more than 600 yards both rushing (637) and receiving (750).
“He hasn't been healthy his first two years, but the minute we saw Curtis in our first spring practice we thought we had something special,” said Meyer, who considers Samuel his most impactful hybrid back since Percy Harvin at Florida. “A lot of it is creativity and finding ways to move him around. Defenses are pretty smart. You've got to have some answers.”
Ohio State, which visits 3-7 Michigan State on Saturday, rose to No. 2 in the AP and coaches polls Sunday and will likely do the same in the selection committee's Tuesday rankings. But due to their Penn State loss, the Buckeyes may not be able to win the Big Ten East. It's an unusual position for a team that may be the nation's most formidable threat to No. 1 Alabama.
“We won't even talk about that,” said Meyer. “All our laser lights are on Michigan State. We're playing well, we've got a lot of good chemistry.”
And an offense that appears to be jelling at just at the right time.
The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives on Thursday raised new concerns about surplus military ammo used in popular AR-15 rifles and pistols just days after pulling back on a proposal to ban the ammo because it could threaten police safety.
In a Senate Appropriations Committee hearing, ATF Director B. Todd Jones said all types of the 5.56 military-style ammo used by shooters pose a threat to police as more people buy the AR-15-style pistols.
"Any 5.56 round" is "a challenge for officer safety," he said. Jones asked lawmakers to help in a review of a 1986 bill written to protect police from so-called "cop killer" rounds that largely exempted rifle ammo like the 5.56 because it has been used by target shooters, not criminals.
His agency's move to ban the 5.56 M855 version was condemned by the National Rifle Association and majorities in the House and Senate and as a result was pulled back though not abandoned. At the hearing Jones said that nearly 90,000 comments on the proposal were received, many negatives.
As a result, he said that the ATF will suspend rewriting the "framework" used to exempt armor piercing ammo from sale or use. "It probably isn't going to happen any time soon," he said. Jones also said, "We are not going to move forward."
The NRA and some 52 senators said they feared that the ATF move was an Obama administration bid for gun control targeted at the AR-15.
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com.
The first urban cable-car transport system in France was opened for service on Saturday in the northwestern city of Brest, with the country's environment minister, Segolene Royal, saying she hoped other cities would soon adopt this "clean, safe" method of transport.
"Transport via cable is really the transport of the future, especially in large cities with too much traffic," she said after taking the trip across the Penfeld River that divides the city in two.
"It is a big first nationally, but also a big international first, because it is the first time that a cable-car system of these dimensions and using this technology has gone into operation," she added.
She also praised the environmental advantages of the system.
"I have just returned from the COP22 (UN Climate Change Conference in Marrakesh, Morocco), and cable-car transport in an urban milieu is the solution of the future to reduce pollution on the planet," she said.
The cable car will be able to carry some 1,200 passengers per day in its two gondolas, which traverse the 420-meter (459-yard) stretch over the river at a height of 70 meters in just three minutes. It is hoped that the system will relieve the current overcrowding of the city's two bridges at rush hours.
Royal and Brest mayor Francois Cuillandre are among the first to have taken the cross-river trip
Special technologies
Brest's cable-car system differs from the ones generally used in that the two gondolas do not pass by each other laterally, but cross one over the other. It also employs a special technology that darkens the windows in the gondolas when they approach private homes so as to preserve residents' privacy.
Medellin in Colombia also has an urban cable car
The cost of building the system was 19 million euros ($20.11 million), making it considerably cheaper than the construction of another bridge, which would have set the city back an estimated 30-60 million euros.
Other cities around the world with urban cable-car systems include London, Barcelona, Medellin, Rio de Janeiro and New York.
The French cities of Orleans, Toulouse and Grenoble, among others, are also considering building cable cars. Up to now, such systems have been installed only at tourist locations in France.
tj/jm (Reuters, AFP)
In 1890, over 400 bodybuilders gathered at the national physical exercise competition of the Rajah of Jodhpur. All at once, they started performing free squats known as Bethaks. Sometimes called the Hindu Squat, it's a variant of the regular squat exercise, where you swing your arms to the rhythm of your motion. A standard regimen involves doing one hundred or more of these.
At the Raja's contests, grown men performed thousands of these squats for hours on end. One by one, they dropped out due to fatigue. By the time there were just 15 athletes remaining, the Raja called off the contest. It was clear that one of them had earned both the crowd's attention and the prize of the contest – ten-year-old Mian Ghulam Muhammad.
To continue reading, please subscribe to the Madras Courier. Subscribe Now
Copyright©Madras Courier, All Rights Reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from madrascourier.com and redistribute by email, post to the web, mobile phone or social media.Please send in your feedback and comments to editor@madrascourier.com
President Trump needs a win. The public would benefit from reassurance about the institutions of government. Luckily, both can be achieved with a single action. Trump should dismiss IRS Commissioner John Koskinen.
By telling the taxman he's fired, the president would re-energize his young administration. More importantly, he would also significantly reform the most loathed agency in Washington. Tax Day provides a perfect chance for this sort of principled populism.
This Tuesday the tax man cometh. Members of the public will dutifully cut the IRS a check. No sane person enjoys this April ritual, but most people understand they should pay their fair share. It's one of the costs of civil society. But as we drop a check in the mail, we should know that the IRS is playing by the rules.
So long as Koskinen stays in his job, taxpayers have no such assurance. He was brought in by President Obama to clean up the IRS in 2013, but has succeeded only in making the agency more corrupt. A political crook and a liar, Koskinen has no place working in the Trump administration.
While it seems like ancient history and still defies the imagination, the IRS systematically harassed and bullied conservatives because of their political opinions. Ahead of the 2012 election, tax agents deliberately slowed the applications of Tea Party organizations seeking tax-exempt status, forcing them to unmask members, reveal donors, and describe activities. Members of one group, the Iowa Coalition for Life, were even asked to detail the contents of their prayers.
Koskinen wasn't calling the shots then, but he hid the full extent of the scandal. First, he obstructed a congressional investigation by allowing tens of thousands of subpoenaed emails to be destroyed. Then over four months, he lied to lawmakers about where that evidence was.
Taxpayers cannot hem and haw as Koskinen did. When the taxman comes knocking, citizens can't destroy records or forget receipts. That sort of behavior would trigger an audit, or worse, lead to jail time. And normally a federal official wouldn't be able to get away with this type of activity. It'd be damning.
But Koskinen set himself above the rules. Trump vows to drain the swamp, and the IRS boss is an especially capable and devious swamp monster. House Republicans have tried shaming, censuring, and even threatening to impeach him. But each time, he's found a way to survive.
The failure of past lawmakers provides Trump a perfect opportunity. As the head of an administrative agency, Koskinen serves at the pleasure of the president. A word from Trump would send him packing and bring closure to the controversy.
A principled power move, firing Koskinen would also provide the White House with a needed influx of political capital. What's more, it would signal the beginning of a new era of good government during the Trump era.
Planned Parenthood on Monday issued a scathing attack on the latest ObamaCare repeal bill.
The group called the legislation led by Sens. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.), Bill Cassidy William (Bill) Morgan CassidyCongress must step up to protect Medicare home health care Ivanka Trump to meet with GOP senators to discuss paid family leave legislation Bipartisan senators ask industry for information on surprise medical bills MORE (R-La.) and Dean Heller Dean Arthur HellerTrump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because he was 'hostile' during 2016 presidential campaign Trump picks ex-oil lobbyist David Bernhardt for Interior secretary Oregon Dem top recipient of 2018 marijuana industry money, study finds MORE (R-Nev.) “the worst ObamaCare repeal proposal yet.”
According to the organization, the proposal includes a provision that would block millions of people from going to Plan Parenthood for preventive care, including birth control, cancer screenings, and STD testing and treatment.
“Policy on women's health care should not be written by a small group of male politicians behind closed doors,” Dawn Laguens, executive vice president at Planned Parenthood Federation of America, said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
“With this latest version of Trumpcare, Americans will pay more and get less, but women will pay the biggest price of all.”
Two of the key votes that doomed the previous ObamaCare repeal bill — Sens. Lisa Murkowski Lisa Ann MurkowskiHouse to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration Pence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration MORE (R-Alaska) and Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (R-Maine) — are supporters of Planned Parenthood.
Collins has said she has concerns about the new bill and is expected to vote no again. Murkowski hasn't yet weighed in.
Republicans are running out of time to pass a repeal of ObamaCare. The deadline for using a special budgetary procedure is Sept. 30.
At the end of the month, Republicans will not be able to use rules known as “budget reconciliation” to bypass a Democratic filibuster in the Senate.
How Preschool Is Reshaping The Future of Kids
Education has always remained a key tool in fine-tuning the destinies of people. From how they think to how they can become useful in impacting economy, one's educational capacity can be highly crucial. But recent surveys have reiterated the fact that kids do not necessarily have to wait until they become old before they can equip themselves with the needed resources. That is why preschools have become highly recognized in most places around the world, including Singapore.
Preschool or child care Singapore can be a confusing affair, but if you can narrow down what your preferences are, you will find that Chiltern House will fit most of the criteria for an excellent child care center in Singapore. Check out their site here today.
There are a myriad of ways through which sending a child to preschool can be of help in the future. To get us started on this conversation would be our guest author from singaporeexpats.com.
Stimulating Learning Pods and Playgrounds
A lot of us are quick to restrict knowledge acquisition to the regular and old-fashioned methods of learning. While those learning methods are all good, new scientific discoveries have unveiled other more effective methods. One of which is what this author is about to intimate us with.
Our state-of-the art, purpose-built Kindergarten facilities are designed specifically to support play-based learning. At our Lakeside campus, classrooms are organized around stimulating ‘learning pods' (large, open learning spaces), where teachers can set up hands-on learning centers. Dedicated outdoor play areas include an early year'…Read more here!
Creative Play has become an effective learning tool for kids, as reportedly stated by a team of educational researchers. If you were, however, only familiar with the normal traditional learning methods, then it is normal if this is possible. Play-based learning has its own unique way of switching on specific learning skills in kids.
Thankfully, preschools are aware of this fact and they are equipping their environment with the best of these play kits. Those who eventually turn out as the smartest kids are those who are never limited in their learning abilities. Apart from play-learning, there are other ways you can optimize the learning potentials of a child by getting them involved in preschools.
Improved Social Skills
The easier it is for a kid to socialize, the better their chances of learning from others. In this technology driven era, kids who do not socialize will only be doing themselves more harm than good. Childventures.ca will be glad to lead the way in this section:
Improved social skills: Children learn to engage better with other children and adults. The preschool environment allows children to acquire vital skills that allow them to listen to others and express their own ideas, make friends, share, cooperate, and become accountable for their actions. Read more here!
Learning is all about interaction. And with the right social skills, kids find it easier to get themselves equipped with the right knowledge. Preschool environments are meant to enhance their learning, speaking as well as other types of skills. There, they equally learn how to become effective team members.
When kids grow up with adequate socializing skills they never find it difficult to do things with others whenever necessary. They can effortlessly plug into any situation and contribute their quota. Fortunately, that is what developing any organization is built around. Now you know how useful these schools are.
What's Usually Covered?
Perhaps, you are beginning to welcome the idea of having your kid enrolled in a preschool, but you still want to find out a few things. Well, this next piece will be giving you an idea of what is taught in such places. Here is what verywellfamily.com discovered in this regard:
Because preschools are not governed by the standards that apply to K-12 education, individual schools and groups of schools have the freedom to teach what they please in the manner they prefer. For example, preschools located in religious institutions may include religious education in their curriculum. Montessori preschools use specific…Read more here!
One of the messages the writer is struggling to push across is that schools are very flexible when it comes to preschool and learning curriculum. They lack a standard guide that they must all adhere to, so they teach their preschoolers based on whatever they feel is best for them.
As it has been listed in the link above, they teach from colors, to numbers, shapes and many other things that can help develop a child' mind in the right direction. In view of all these added knowledge, you can clearly see that preschools are established to boost a child' learning skills from their very tender age.
Unsolved problem in mathematics:
Do any base-10 Lychrel numbers exist? (more unsolved problems in mathematics)
A Lychrel number is a natural number that cannot form a palindrome through the iterative process of repeatedly reversing its digits and adding the resulting numbers. This process is sometimes called the 196-algorithm, after the most famous number associated with the process. In base ten, no Lychrel numbers have been yet proved to exist, but many, including 196, are suspected on heuristic[1] and statistical grounds. The name "Lychrel" was coined by Wade Van Landingham as a rough anagram of Cheryl, his girlfriend's first name.[2]
Reverse-and-add process [ edit ]
The reverse-and-add process produces the sum of a number and the number formed by reversing the order of its digits. For example, 56 + 65 = 121. As another example, 125 + 521 = 646.
Some numbers become palindromes quickly after repeated reversal and addition, and are therefore not Lychrel numbers. All one-digit and two-digit numbers eventually become palindromes after repeated reversal and addition.
About 80% of all numbers under 10,000 resolves into a palindrome in four or fewer steps; about 90% of those resolve in seven steps or fewer. Here are a few examples of non-Lychrel numbers:
56 becomes palindromic after one iteration: 56+65 = 121 .
. 57 becomes palindromic after two iterations: 57+75 = 132, 132+231 = 363 .
. 59 becomes a palindrome after 3 iterations: 59+95 = 154, 154+451 = 605, 605+506 = 1111
89 takes an unusually large 24 iterations (the most of any number under 10,000 that is known to resolve into a palindrome) to reach the palindrome 8,813,200,023,188 .
. 10,911 reaches the palindrome 4668731596684224866951378664 (28 digits) after 55 steps.
(28 digits) after 55 steps. 1,186,060,307,891,929,990 takes 261 iterations to reach the 119-digit palindrome 44562665878976437622437848976653870388884783662598425855963436955852489526638748888307835667984873422673467987856626544 , which is the current world record for the Most Delayed Palindromic Number. It was solved by Jason Doucette's algorithm and program (using Benjamin Despres' reversal-addition code) on November 30, 2005.
to reach the 119-digit palindrome , which is the current world record for the Most Delayed Palindromic Number. It was solved by Jason Doucette's algorithm and program (using Benjamin Despres' reversal-addition code) on November 30, 2005. On January 23, 2017 a Russian schoolboy, Andrey S. Shchebetov, announced on his web site that he had found a sequence of the first 126 numbers (125 of them never reported before) that take exactly 261 steps to reach a 119-digit palindrome. This sequence was published in OEIS as A281506. This sequence started with 1,186,060,307,891,929,990 - by then the only publicly known number found by Jason Doucette back in 2005. On May 12, 2017 this sequence was extended to 108864 terms in total and included the first 108864 delayed palindromes with 261-step delay. The extended sequence ended with 1,999,291,987,030,606,810 - its largest and its final term.
Any number from A281506 could be used as a primary base to construct higher order 261-step palindromes. For example, based on 1,999,291,987,030,606,810 the following number 199929198703060681000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001999291987030606810 also becomes a 238-digit palindrome 44562665878976437622437848976653870388884783662598425855963436955852489526638748888307835667984873422673467987856626544 44562665878976437622437848976653870388884783662598425855963436955852489526638748888307835667984873422673467987856626544 after 261 steps.
The smallest known number that is not known to form a palindrome is 196. It is the smallest Lychrel number candidate.
The number resulting from the reversal of the digits of a Lychrel number is also a Lychrel number.
Proof not found [ edit ]
In other bases (these bases are power of 2, like binary and hexadecimal), certain numbers can be proven to never form a palindrome after repeated reversal and addition,[3] but no such proof has been found for 196 and other base 10 numbers.
It is conjectured that 196 and other numbers that have not yet yielded a palindrome are Lychrel numbers, but no number in base ten has yet been proven to be Lychrel. Numbers which have not been demonstrated to be non-Lychrel are informally called "candidate Lychrel" numbers. The first few candidate Lychrel numbers (sequence A023108 in the OEIS) are:
196, 295, 394, 493, 592, 689, 691, 788, 790, 879, 887, 978, 986, 1495, 1497, 1585, 1587, 1675, 1677, 1765, 1767, 1855, 1857, 1945, 1947, 1997.
The numbers in bold are suspected Lychrel seed numbers (see below). Computer programs by Jason Doucette, Ian Peters and Benjamin Despres have found other Lychrel candidates. Indeed, Benjamin Despres' program has identified all suspected Lychrel seed numbers of less than 17 digits.[4] Wade Van Landingham's site lists the total number of found suspected Lychrel seed numbers for each digit length.[5]
The brute-force method originally deployed by John Walker has been refined to take advantage of iteration behaviours. For example, Vaughn Suite devised a program that only saves the first and last few digits of each iteration, enabling testing of the digit patterns in millions of iterations to be performed without having to save each entire iteration to a file.[6] However, so far no algorithm has been developed to circumvent the reversal and addition iterative process.
Threads, seed and kin numbers [ edit ]
The term thread, coined by Jason Doucette, refers to the sequence of numbers that may or may not lead to a palindrome through the reverse and add process. Any given seed and its associated kin numbers will converge on the same thread. The thread does not include the original seed or kin number, but only the numbers that are common to both, after they converge.
Seed numbers are a subset of Lychrel numbers, that is the smallest number of each non palindrome producing thread. A seed number may be a palindrome itself. The first three examples are shown in bold in the list above.
Kin numbers are a subset of Lychrel numbers, that include all numbers of a thread, except the seed, or any number that will converge on a given thread after a single iteration. This term was introduced by Koji Yamashita in 1997.
196 palindrome quests [ edit ]
Because 196 (base-10) is the lowest candidate Lychrel number, it has received the most attention.
In the 1980s, the 196 palindrome problem attracted the attention of microcomputer hobbyists, with search programs by Jim Butterfield and others appearing in several mass-market computing magazines.[7][8][9] In 1985 a program by James Killman ran unsuccessfully for over 28 days, cycling through 12,954 passes and reaching a 5366-digit number.[9]
John Walker began his 196 Palindrome Quest on 12 August 1987 on a Sun 3/260 workstation. He wrote a C program to perform the reversal and addition iterations and to check for a palindrome after each step. The program ran in the background with a low priority and produced a checkpoint to a file every two hours and when the system was shut down, recording the number reached so far and the number of iterations. It restarted itself automatically from the last checkpoint after every shutdown. It ran for almost three years, then terminated (as instructed) on 24 May 1990 with the message:
Stop point reached on pass 2,415,836. Number contains 1,000,000 digits.
196 had grown to a number of one million digits after 2,415,836 iterations without reaching a palindrome. Walker published his findings on the Internet along with the last checkpoint, inviting others to resume the quest using the number reached so far.
In 1995, Tim Irvin and Larry Simkins used a multiprocessor computer and reached the two million digit mark in only three months without finding a palindrome. Jason Doucette then followed suit and reached 12.5 million digits in May 2000. Wade VanLandingham used Jason Doucette's program to reach 13 million digits, a record published in Yes Mag: Canada's Science Magazine for Kids. Since June 2000, Wade VanLandingham has been carrying the flag using programs written by various enthusiasts. By 1 May 2006, VanLandingham had reached the 300 million digit mark (at a rate of one million digits every 5 to 7 days). Using distributed processing,[10] in 2011 Romain Dolbeau completed a billion iterations to produce a number with 413,930,770 digits, and in February 2015 his calculations reached a number with a billion digits.[11] A palindrome has yet to be found.
Other potential Lychrel numbers which have also been subjected to the same brute force method of repeated reversal addition include 879, 1997 and 7059: they have been taken to several million iterations with no palindrome being found.[12]
Other bases [ edit ]
In base 2, 10110 (22 in decimal) has been proven to be a Lychrel number, since after 4 steps it reaches 10110100, after 8 steps it reaches 1011101000, after 12 steps it reaches 101111010000, and in general after 4n steps it reaches a number consisting of 10, followed by n+1 ones, followed by 01, followed by n+1 zeros. This number obviously cannot be a palindrome, and none of the other numbers in the sequence are palindromes.
Lychrel numbers have been proven to exist in the following bases: 11, 17, 20, 26 and all powers of 2.[13][14][15]
The smallest number in each base which could possibly be a Lychrel number are (sequence A060382 in the OEIS):
b The Smallest possible Lychrel number in base b
written in base b (base 10) 2 10110 (22) 3 10201 (100) 4 3333 (255) 5 10313 (708) 6 4555 (1079) 7 10513 (2656) 8 1775 (1021) 9 728 (593) 10 196 (196) 11 83A (1011) 12 179 (237) 13 CCC (2196) 14 1BB (361) 15 1EC (447) 16 19D (413) 17 B6G (3297) 18 1AF (519) 19 HI (341) 20 IJ (379) 21 1CI (711) 22 KL (461) 23 LM (505) 24 MN (551) 25 1FM (1022) 26 OP (649) 27 PQ (701) 28 QR (755) 29 RS (811) 30 ST (869)
Cadillac has transformed the CT6 into a giant camera-recording device, which can be used to store memorable drives or for security purposes.
Utilizing four of the seven exterior cameras available with the Surround Vision package that is standard on the Luxury, Premium Luxury and Platinum grades, the sedan can capture video in two modes.
The first one uses the front and rear cameras during vehicle operation, while the second one activates all four cameras when the security system is armed and starts recording automatically if the CT6 is being tampered.
Once captured, footage is automatically stored on a standard SD card in the boot and owners can choose whether to keep certain captures on the external memory or save and view them on their personal computers.
Aside from the grille, trunk lid and side mirror-mounted cameras that can be used to record surroundings or provide 360-degree views of the surrounding environment, the CT6 has three additional cameras, which are used by the Rear Camera Mirror, Lane Keep Assist and Night Vision system.
Cadillac has also detailed the rear-seat infotainment system, with two independent, articulating 10-inch high-def screens, which can retract into the front seat backs when not in use. These allow passengers to play Blu-ray DVDs, view media info, see what's on the front CUE screen and adjust the rear massage function, which is available on the Platinum models only.
Enhancing the rear-seat infotainment system are the HDMI and USB ports, located on the front of the rear center seat or in the rear center armrest, which allow users to access Google Chromecast, Amazon Fire TV Stick or Apple TV in combination with the built-in 4G LTE Wi-Fi, offered as standard on all Cadillac models. The hotspot comes with a 3-month/3-gigabyte data trial.
Front-seat passengers can connect their mobile devices thanks to the Android Auto and Apple CarPlay compatibility, available on the 10.2-inch CUE screen, which can also be used to play media from Blu-ray DVDs or USBs.
PHOTO GALLERY
For years, the numbers of immigrants arriving in Germany has continued to rise. In 2013, 1.2 million people immigrated to the Federal Republic. Even after taking into account the number of people who have left Germany in the same period, Germany has still seen a net increase of 430,000 inhabitants. And the trend continues to grow. In light of these figures, does Germany need an immigration reform?
No consensus in politics
Opinions vary - both within the coalition of Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU) and the Social Democrats (SPD), as well as within the individual parties themselves.
"No," for example, says Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière of the CDU. "The existing legal rules are sufficient to accommodate the immigrants," he said a few weeks ago at the release of the annual migration report.
Members of the Greens, on the other hand, believe that the Federal Republic needs a law to control immigration and to give migrants legal certainty.
Sitting on the fence is the SPD whose answer is: "Yes and no."
Leader of the SPD's parliamentiary group, Thomas Oppermann, is in favor of a points system similar to that used in Canada - a plan which has also received support from the SPD leader Sigmar Gabriel. In an opinion article for Germany's Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, Oppermann recently called for a law which regulates which type of immigration Germany does and doesn't need.
'Threat to social security system'
Speaking on Tuesday at a presentation of the SPD points system proposal, Oppermann refused to be deterred by criticism from other parties, saying that "the debate has gathered speed."
SPD's Thomas Oppermann has called for a points system similar to Canada's
"This project is actually a project which the grand coalition must deal with," Oppermann said, adding that if not, "the matter will be put to the vote at the general election."
Oppermann also warned that without new rules, Germany risks developing huge gaps in certain professions. "That threatens our social security system, especially pensions," he said.
Since 2012, just 24,000 highly-skilled workers have immigrated to Germany under the Blue Card scheme which requires proof of a minimum salary and a university degree.
The SPD parliamentary leader criticized the current scheme, claiming that the system shuts out, for example, IT specialists who don't have a university degree.
Oppermann also said that the German jobs market must be opened up to refugees, arguing that by enrolling them onto language courses quicker, their potential will be increased.
Other SPD politicians, such as North Rhine-Westphalia's state premier Hannelore Kraft and chairman of the party for Schleswig-Holstein, Ralf Stegner, are against the points plan, however. Kraft and Stegner have warned of increasing pressure on wages by migrant workers and have called instead for more qualification measures for Germany's unemployed.
CDU disputes immigration
The only party to have clearly positioned itself in the debate so far is the CDU's sister party, the CSU, which strongly rejects the immigration law.
"If a country has a million immigrants annually, then we do not need a law with more immigration," CSU party leader Horst Seehofer said last month.
Seehofer is also particularly opposed to the noticeable influx of asylum seekers from Kosovo to Bavaria in southern Germany.
"There is no political persecution in Kosovo and Albania," Seehofer argued, adding that Germany was not the "social service for the whole world."
CSU General Secretary Andreas Scheuer has also previously spoken out against an immigration measure. Such a project is "as superfluous as sand in the Sahara," he scoffed.
In the CDU, however, General Secretary Peter Tauber has called for legal immigration control. For him, it is "primarily a political signal to immigrants that they would be welcome in Germany," he said.
CSU's Horst Seehofer: "We are not the social service for the whole world."
Ultimately, Germany needs skilled migrants to offset the aging of the population and the resulting labor shortage. With this in mind, Tauber has attempted to persuade his fellow party members who oppose any new legislation on immigration. It's only in his party's business department, however, that he's succeeded in gaining approval, with the CDU Economic Council also in favor of a needs-based scoring system for immigrants.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, however, is apparently waiting to see how the debate evolves. Her opinion on the subject is "not yet final."
Immigration yes - but without a law
Surprisingly united, on the other hand, are Germany's Left Party and industry representatives. Both are in favor of immigrants, but reject a law to control them based on points.
"We are against selection with a points system," said the migration policy spokesperson of the Left, Sevim Dadgelen, arguing that "the benchmark for taking on newcomers should be for human rights and not how a person can be used in job market."
The President of the German Chamber of Industry and Commerce (DIHK) Eric Schweitzer said in a newspaper interview, that as two-thirds of immigrants were from EU countries, no law was necessary.
For the remainder, Schweitzer said there were sufficient and comprehensive rules, which can be further optimized. "What we do not need is a debate on a new immigration law," said Schweitzer.
On Saturday, June 9, over 250,000 Girl Scouts, friends, family and alumnae joined us on the National Mall.
Thank you for Rocking the Mall with us!
On Saturday, June 9, over 250,000 Girl Scouts, friends, family and alumnae joined us on the National Mall in Washington, DC for Girl Scouts Rock the Mall: 100th Anniversary Sing-Along.
Didn't make it to Washington, DC? Want to watch the event online? Visit the Girl Scouts of the USA website to view the event in its entirety.
View slideshow from June 19, 2012
View slideshow from June 14, 2012
View slideshow from June 11, 2012
Facebook | Join the lively conversation on Facebook! Share your favorite memories and photos from the day and see how other troops decorated their t-shirts, created their SWAPS, and even participated in a quilt-square swap
Twitter | Follow us @GSCNC and tweet to us using these hashtags:
#GirlScoutsRocktheMall #GirlScoutsRock #GirlScouts100
Instagram | Follow us on Instagram @GSCNC. Tag your Instagram photos with #GirlScoutsRocktheMall or @GSCNC
Thank you for supporting Girl Scouts Rock the Mall. The registration and merchandise site is now closed. There are a limited number of items still available that can be purchased by contacting the Girl Scout Council of the Nation's Capital shop at gsshop@gscnc.org or by phone at 202-274-3312 or 800 523-7898 ext 212.
Demand in the rental market also continues to outpace supply, surveyors say.
House prices: Demand is outstripping supply. David Cheskin / PA Wire/PA Images
House prices in Scotland are continuing to rise as the number of properties for sale falls, a report has found.
The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Rics) said price growth has been fuelled by the lack of supply over the last year.
Interest from prospective buyers increased in October, with 14% more respondents to the monthly Rics survey reporting a rise in demand.
A net balance of 40% of those surveyed reported price growth, up from a net balance of 33% in September.
Uncertainty over Brexit negotiations was expected to have a negative impact on the housing market but Rics found the shortage of homes available to buy has had a knock-on effect on prices and demand.
Prices are expected to grow further over the next three months with surveyors calling on Government to increase the housing supply.
Simon Rubinsohn, Rics chief economist, said: "The dire shortage of available housing across the UK is continuing to push prices upwards, regardless of the uncertainty linked to the ongoing discussions surrounding Brexit.
"We are only weeks away from the Autumn Statement and it will be interesting to see what measures - if any - the Chancellor will put in place to increase housing supply and create a more affordable market."
In the Scottish lettings market, tenant demand has also picked up, with a net balance of 37% more surveyors reporting a rise in inquiries.
Demand in the rental market also continues to outpace supply with costs expected to rise during the next three months.
Want to receive the latest headlines straight to your inbox? Subscribe to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Subscribe This field is required. That doesn't look like a valid e-mail format, please check. That e-mail's already in our system. Please try again. Please tick the box below to confirm your subscription Thanks for subscribing to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Subscribed Want to receive the latest headlines straight to your inbox? Subscribe to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Thanks for subscribing to our 'Morning Briefing' newsletter. Subscribe
Download: The STV News app is Scotland's favourite and is available for iPhone from the App store and for Android from Google Play. Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are.
A suspected double agent has been arrested in Germany accused of spying for the United States, raising fears of a serious rift between the two allies.
The arrested man, who is a German citizen, is a member of the country's own BND intelligence service, and German media warned that if the case against him is proved, “it will be the biggest scandal involving a German-American double agent since the war”.
“The matter is serious, that is very clear,” a government spokesman told journalists.
Officially, authorities have only confirmed that an unnamed 31-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of spying on Wednesday.
But it appears from details leaked to the German media that the man has been passing highly classified intelligence documents to the Americans for the last two years, in exchange for tens of thousands of euros.
It was he who first initiated contact, in an email to the US embassy offering classified information in return for cash, according to reports in both Spiegel magazine and Bild newspaper.
Since then he has handed over between 200 and 300 documents. He had access to the classified material because of his work for the BND, and would travel to Austria to hand it to an American intelligence contact by USB stick.
There were at least three such meetings in Austria, and another meeting was planned for next week, this time in the Czech capital Prague.
He was paid €25,000 for the documents, according to Bild, which reported that he received his instructions directly from the US embassy in Berlin.
The man was found out after another email he wrote was intercepted, this time offering to sell classified information to the Russians.
Investigators convinced they had caught a Russian mole were astonished when he confessed that he had already been selling information for two years - to the Americans.
A search of his home reportedly found classified material on his computer, and on a USB stick.
Reports say German investigators have not discounted the possibility that the man may be feeding them false information, either in order to damage US-German relations, because he works for a rival foreign intelligence service, or because he is a fantasist.
But it is clear the German authorities are taking the matter seriously. An emergency meeting of a parliamentary oversight committee was convened at short notice, and briefed by the head of the BND, Gerhard Schindler.
A government spokesman would not confirm whether the subject of the arrest had come up in a long phone call between Mrs Merkel and President Barack Obama on Thursday.
The US's only response so far has been a terse “No comment” from the spokeswoman for the National Security Committee in Washington.
Spiegel reported the affair “could end in a fatal rift with the US” over security cooperation.
According to German media reports, the arrested man has told interrogators that the Americans were particularly interested in information about an ongoing Germany parliamentary enquiry into the NSA affair.
MPs wanted the whistleblower Edward Snowden to testify to the enquiry. But Mrs Merkel's government blocked the idea, amid fears the US might demand Mr Snowden's extradition. MPs then considered travelling to Moscow to interview Mr Snowden, but he refused such a meeting.
VGAs 2011: The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Is the Game of the Year
Giuseppe Nelva December 10, 2011 9:58:57 PM EST
The competition was fierce, but in the end the Dragonborn skewered fairy boy Link, crushed GLaDOS, burned Nathan Drake and shouted Batman into Oblivion (pun entirely intended). The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim has just been declared Game of the Year at the Spike TV Video Game Awards. The game also won the “Best RPG” award and Bethesda also received the “Studio of the Year” title.
Personally (and I doubt it's a mystery by now), I feel this is an entirely deserved award, as it rewards a developer that created an enormous experience, instead of the usual 5-10-hours bite-sized entertainment we're seeing even too often nowadays in the gaming industry.
While the quality is almost always very high in today's AAA games, content is often on the scarce side, as well as the willingness between most game developers (and even more so between their publishers) to really dare to create an experience and a world of epic proportions. The people at Bethesda dared, overcoming their arguable weaknesses in storytelling and creating an unforgettable game. They deserve our congratulations.
I have very little doubt that, as it happened with Morrowind and Oblivion, many gamers will be playing Skyrim for many years to come, while it's extremely prolific modding community will continue to improve on what is already a fantastic experience in its original form.
The release of the Creation Kit next January will open the gates to content and features that those who aren't familiar with the modding community of the previous The Elder Scrolls games probably can't even imagine.
I'm sure Chad would agree with this award, as he gave The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim a well deserved 10/10 in his review here at DualShockers. You may also want to check my weekly Skyrim modding column, to understand the true reason why I love this game. Fus Ro Dah!
NEW DELHI — A Tibetan man walked onto a street on Wednesday morning in Katmandu, the capital of Nepal, poured gasoline over his body and set himself on fire. Engulfed in flames, and writhing in pain, the monk became the latest Tibetan to self-immolate as part of a protest campaign against Chinese rule in Tibet.
In Nepal, a small Himalayan nation that is home to thousands of Tibetan exiles, the authorities said the monk was hospitalized in critical condition. Witnesses told The Associated Press that the man, who was dressed in the robes of a Buddhist monk, shouted slogans against China before falling to the ground, as others quickly put out the flames and called for help.
Photographs showed Nepalese security officers arriving as the protester stood in the middle of the street, his body consumed by flames and black smoke.
This latest self-immolation comes at a wrenching moment for Tibetans inside and outside China. Desperate to focus global attention on political and religious repression inside Tibet, yet barred by Chinese authorities from holding any political protests there, a growing number of young Tibetan men and women have set themselves on fire during the last three years.
Ruby Frozen String Literals Do Not Result in Any Performance Improvement
Posted by Alexander Dymo on April 06, 2016
Frozen string literals is the experimental feature that appeared in Ruby 2.3 and will become the default behavior in Ruby 3.0. There's been some talk about how that improves performance. A month ago I ported one of my applications and saw no improvement. Today took another look, and my conclusion still stands.
If you haven't heard about frozen string literals yet, please read my previous blog post to learn more about how they work.
When I last experimented with this feature, my conclusion was that it only adds to the developer's frustration. It's just more work for us to port our applications.
I finally found the time to port Acunote, the application that has decent performance benchmarks. Let's look at some of my before/after measurements:
Benchmark Default Behavior Frozen String Literals Benchmark Burndown 120 0.91 ± 0.02 0.91 ± 0.02 Benchmark Sprint 20 x (1+5) (C) 0.25 ± 0.00 0.25 ± 0.01 Benchmark Analyze 20 x (1+5) 1.96 ± 0.02 1.95 ± 0.04 Benchmark Task Details Page 0.40 ± 0.01 0.41 ± 0.01 Benchmark Signup 0.30 ± 0.00 0.31 ± 0.01 Benchmark Copy 120 1.47 ± 0.01 1.51 ± 0.02 Benchmark Import 71 2.02 ± 0.02 2.10 ± 0.01 Benchmark Set Field (EP) 0.20 ± 0.00 0.21 ± 0.00
This table is incomplete. The whole performance test suite has more than 60 benchmarks. But not one of them indicated any statistically significant speedup. Worse, the performance actually declined in two of the benchmarks that I highlighted in the table.
I haven't investigated the causes of the slowdown yet, but the conclusion is clear. Frozen string literals do not improve performance of my Rails applications.
The word my is important of course. There might well be a valid case when frozen string literals make your code faster. I just haven't seen it yet. But I have hard times imagining what it might be.
Buy Now
Four Decades Of Taxes And Spending, In 2 Graphs
In 1974, federal taxes were equal to about a sixth of the U.S. economy. In 2013, after decades of heated debate, federal taxes were equal to ... about a sixth of the economy.
In the early '70s, federal spending was about a fifth of the economy. The same was true in 2013.
Those figures bounced up and down as the economy went through boom and bust cycles. During the long boom of the '90s, when the economy was growing quickly and unemployment was very low, the government was collecting more taxes than usual and spending less, relative to the overall economy. During the great recession, the reverse was true on both counts, as jobs disappeared and more people qualified for safety net programs.
The composition of spending and taxes has shifted a bit over the decades. Spending on Medicaid and Medicare has grown, relative to the overall economy, while military spending has fallen in relative terms. Payroll taxes (which fund Medicare, as well as Social Security) have grown, while corporate taxes have fallen.
Still, when you compare taxes and spending today to taxes and spending 40 years ago, the similarities are more striking than the differences.
Alcoa's aluminium smelter in Victoria will be shuttered from Friday, the factory closing after more than 40 years of operation.
The final production lines will be cleared and the workforce will clock off for the final time.
About 500 workers have lost their jobs.
"It is a day of unspeakable sadness for most and brings with it fears for the future for a great many," AWU Victorian Secretary Ben Davis said in a statement.
"Workers have been dealing with the reality of the closure and what it means for their lives since Alcoa announced its decision in February this year."
The union also said a survey of the redundant workers found a "limited number" had secured new jobs and a further 20 per cent had "firm prospects".
Alcoa has announced it will close its Point Henry smelter, a rolling mill in Geelong and its Yennora rolling mill and recycling facility in NSW, by the end of 2014.
By Paul French
Retirement from her post as the Curator of Chinese Collections at the British Library in London seemingly hasn't done much to slow down Frances Wood's output. She's never been anything less than prodigious, and she has now assembled a collection of writing from China, going as far as 1,000 BCE and the anonymous Book of Songs (Shi jing) and finally finishing with Dai Houying's Stones of the Wall (1981), which set during the Cultural Revolution. Titled Great Books of China: From Ancient Times to the Present (published by BlueBridge in the U.S. and Head of Zeus in the U.K.), her latest work contains over 60 excerpts, presented in rough chronological order, from novels, poems and philosophical works, each introduced by Wood to set them in context and explain their importance. The collection is at once a serious study of the progression of Chinese writing for the scholar and, for those less scholarly inclined, a fine miscellany to dip into at random given a free hour and a glass of something warming.
Wood began to learn Chinese at Cambridge in the late 1960s and then studied at Peking University in the mid-1970s — an extraordinary time to be a foreign student and fascinatingly recorded in her memoir Hand-Grenade Practice in Peking (2000). She joined the British Library in 1977 as a Junior Curator and eventually became the Curator, serving in that role until her retirement in 2013. Along the way there was an outpouring of books and papers, as well as a deep involvement with the International Dunhuang Project and the Diamond Sutra (the world's earliest printed book). A large number of Sinologists have benefitted from Frances's help and knowledge over the years. Those of us of slightly lesser academic ability also have reason to be grateful to her. Many of my own generation (i.e. now around 50) are deeply indebted to Frances for her comprehensive Blue Guide to China, which became a constant travelling companion at a time when few other guides ventured outside Beijing, Guangzhou or Shanghai. Frances's Blue Guide was both an informative companion to have along and, so it seemed to me at rather stressful moments (in what are now called tier 3 and 4 cities in corporate speak, but were then just generally “the hinterlands”), a sympathetic one. Her advice was eminently practical. Here, for instance (and I dug out a characteristically well-thumbed copy from the library to check I wasn't misremembering), are some of her comments:
“Moving about China is not easy: buying train tickets in a station involves bellowing through a knee-high pigeonhole and is complicated by the absence of return tickets.”
“Though everyone does, it is forbidden to carry passengers or an umbrella whilst cycling…”
“In ordinary Chinese restaurants, the menu is chalked on a blackboard and tables are crowded so that many diners have to share a table and may wait, standing over anyone who looks as if he might be finishing, to snatch his stool.”
Always tired, often wet, numb from hard seat train travel or nauseous from a long distance bus ride, never quite sure how horrid the night's accommodations might be and feeling the pangs of pretty constant hunger, Frances's Blue Guide was a beacon of hope. Reading it I felt that, if she had survived all this, then just possibly so might I.
But back to Great Books of China. In her introduction Frances notes that when she joined the British Library in the 1970s, a rule was in place that no translations of literature were to be acquired — readers were expected to be able to, and insist upon, reading the original. So, an obvious first question…
PAUL FRENCH: Did you read all the entries in Great Books of China in the original or sneak peek the odd translation?
FRANCES WOOD: Both. I had to translate a lot myself but I also wanted to make sure that anything I mentioned existed in a complete or partial translation into a European language as it would be cruel to tell people about a ‘great' book that they would have no chance of reading in any form.
Where does this lifelong interest and fascination with China come from?
At the age of 16 I considered myself a brilliant linguist (French and Spanish) and thought that at university I would like to study a language that was as different and as difficult as possible. I can still hear myself saying “as difficult as possible” which was foolhardy as I am fairly lazy and an accomplished cutter of corners. I chose Chinese for no good reason, rejecting Japanese (in the '60s still not a great place to be a woman) and Arabic (same reason). As soon as I started learning the language I was fascinated by the difference — not just grammar, vagueness about tense etc, but the way words and ideas were put together. And in the late '60s when China was closed down in the Cultural Revolution, language seemed the best way to understand the culture.
You've never shied away from the “big project” — did Marco Polo really come to China?, a history of China's treaty ports, a history of the Silk Road — all of it!, a biography of the First Emperor…and now Great Books of China: From Ancient Times to the Present…Are you strangely drawn to incredibly large projects that are guaranteed to have you pulling your hair out halfway through?
I don't really think of them as big projects, just interesting ideas to disentangle. With Marco Polo I wanted to show people that there were amazing sources to explore, from Matthew Paris in the 13th century to the more recent work of the wonderful Herbert Franke and Leonardo Olschki — I really hoped they would look for themselves and make up their own minds. And with the First Emperor, I wanted to challenge the view of him as one of China's great villains and show the really interesting things that he did, effectively establishing China as we know it. His coinage survived until the early 20th century and the principle of the ‘height' of legal responsibility, set out in his legal system, persists to this day where children under one metre tall ride free on buses, etc.
The Silk Road is a bit of a nightmare with Sogdians and Tanguts and a tangle of scripts, but it also includes amazing adventure stories which I hoped people would enjoy.
You're fairly even handed throughout Great Books — the Daode Jing, the Diamond Sutra, the Tang poets, through to the 1930s writers and on to Eileen Chang and even Mao — what was the criteria for selection (and also rejection)?
I did want to make a very broad offering and to include things like garden design handbooks and geographical description (although I find Xu Xiake — the Ming Dynasty travel writer — pretty boring). My bottom line was the availability of some form of translation and a desire to include a great variety of types. I do think that all the unfamiliar names and concepts can be pretty off-putting but I hope that a series of very different essays can combat boredom. I suppose one of my main aims was to try and encourage people to familiarise themselves with Chinese literature — I've always been impressed by the popularity of western literature in China — finding a taxi-driver in Shanghai with a well-thumbed copy of Sherlock Holmes to while away his waiting time. And when Wen Jiabao came to the UK and asked to go to Stratford-on-Avon, it was because he was genuinely keen on Shakespeare, having read the brilliant translations that were made in the early '50s. By contrast, I don't feel that London's taxi-drivers and our own great leaders are sufficiently aware of Chinese literature.
You surely can't personally like all of these thinkers, authors and poets. Who'd make the cut to a personal “Frances Wood favorites” shelf?
It is almost easier for me to say what I don't like, which would include Confucius, a terrible old fusspot with extremely conservative views even for the Warring States period. Also the great military epics like The Three Kingdoms where I only like the bits where cunning plans are involved. I can't get on with The Journey to the West — it reminds me a bit of Tolkien who I can't get on with either.
Favorites would include Strange Stories from the Liao Studio, which also includes a lot of supernatural stories but they are quite funny and mixed in with stories of performing mice and ladies rushing out into the street in their knickers when an earthquake hits. I like The Travels of Lao Can and The Unofficial History of the Grove of Literati because they are quite witty, and things like The Dream of the Red Chamber and Plum in a Golden Vase for the amazing details of life in the Ming and Qing.
What's next — another summation of 5,000 years of Chinese history, or perhaps something more targeted?
One of the books I chose was Wu Han's Biography of the First Ming Emperor, which I love — it has its Monty Python aspects but the whole political background is fascinating, from the Ming Emperor himself to the downfall of Wu Han, a terrific historian who dared to make a political statement, thus inadvertently starting the Cultural Revolution. I'd rather like to work on that, and I'm also thinking of dramatizing the Versailles Conference, at least the parts that concern China. And I urgently need to paint the bathroom.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
In a rather ingenious method of international drug smuggling, two diplomatic bags were shipped from Mexico to the U.N. headquarters in New York containing about 35 pounds of cocaine. This is no small-time cargo. For the uninitiated, 35 pounds is worth approximately $2 million (or about three nights of partying for Tony Montana). The cocaine made its way from Mexico City to Cincinnati, where mail sorters forwarded what seemed to be unaddressed U.N. diplomatic bags to the organization's New York headquarters, according the AP. U.N. officials were suspicious of the bags because of the "poorly concocted version of the U.N. logo" on them last week. But how did the drugs go undetected during the 2,000-mile trip from Mexico City to New York?
[U.N. undersecretary-general for safety and security Gregory B.] Starr said the drug was actually stashed in two bags that were stamped with the sky-blue U.N. logo of a world map in an apparent effort to masquerade as diplomatic pouches, which are not supposed to be inspected. Inside the bag, the drug was hidden in hollowed-out notebooks, he added.
The diplomatic bags are protected by international law: their content is exempt from inspection because it's the property of foreign diplomats. This makes them a great way to smuggle contraband, such as this submachine gun illegally brought into the UK in 1984 or more recently these other shipments of cocaine brought into Nigeria this year. But according to the NYPD, the success of the international shipment was probably accidental. "The working theory now is that possibly it was never meant to have left Mexico at all," NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said. "Somebody in Mexico is probably in trouble now having let a significant amount of cocaine out of their possession."
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
Politicians, Car Dealers Trying To Make It Illegal To Buy A Tesla In North Carolina
from the hating-on-disruptive-innovation dept
A legislative proposal, backed by the N.C. Automobile Dealers Association, would make it illegal for Tesla, or any other carmaker, to bypass dealerships and sell directly in the state. The proposal cuts at the heart of Tesla's business model: selling luxury cars over the phone or Internet and then delivering them to the front door of high-net-worth customers.
Last fall, we wrote about how auto dealers were bitching about the fact that electric car company Tesla sells their cars directly. It has "stores" but you can't buy your cars from those stores, due to antiquated and ridiculous regulations about car sales. Most states have laws that basically say that car companies can't sell directly. These laws serve no purpose other than to protect (often politically powerful) independent car dealers from being disintermediated.In North Carolina, however, they're taking it up a notch. They're basically trying to make it illegal to sell a Tesla in North Carolina at all. About 80 North Carolina residents have already bought one, but they may be the last:The North Carolina State Commerce Committee approved the proposal unanimously.This is the same thing we see over and over again in other contexts. Companies in an entrenched legacy position trying to use regulations to block disruptive upstarts. There is no good reason for this law other than to block Tesla and to prop up dealerships. It's somewhat disgusting to see politicians actively seek to stamp out innovation.
Filed Under: dealers, north carolina, regulations, tesla
Companies: tesla
Fort St. Vrain Generating Station
Fort Saint Vrain Generating Station is a natural gas powered electricity generating facility located near the town of Platteville in northern Colorado in the United States. It currently has a capacity of just under 1000MW and is owned and operated by Xcel Energy, the successor to the plant's founder, the Public Service Company of Colorado. It went online in this form in 1996.
The facility was built originally as a nuclear power plant. It operated as a nuclear generating power plant from 1979 until 1989.[1]
Historical overview [ edit ]
Fort Saint Vrain Generating Station was built as Colorado's first and only nuclear power plant and operated as such from 1979 until 1989.[1] It was one of two high temperature gas cooled (HTGR) power reactors in the United States. The primary coolant was helium which transferred heat to water based secondary coolant system to drive steam generators. The reactor fuel was a combination of fissile uranium and fertile thorium microspheres dispersed within a prismatic graphite matrix. The reactor had an electrical power output of 330MW (330 MW e ), generated from a thermal power 842 MW (842 MW th ).[1]
The Fort St. Vrain gas-cooled nuclear power plant was proposed in March 1965 and the application was filed with the Atomic Energy Commission in October 1966. Construction began in September 1968.[1] The HTGR design was considered safer than typical boiling water designs of the time, so the typical steel-reinforced, pre-stressed concrete containment dome structure was omitted in favor of a steel-frame containment structure while the reactor core was partially contained within a prestressed concrete reactor pressure vessel (PCRV). The construction cost reached $200 million, or approximately $0.60/installed watt. Initial testing began in 1972 and the first commercial power was distributed in July 1979.[1]
The plant was technically successful, especially towards the very end of its operating life, but was a commercial disappointment to its owner. Being one of the first commercial HTGR designs, the plant was a proof-of-concept for several advanced technologies, and correspondingly raised a number of early adopter problems that required expensive corrections. Maintenance problems then exacerbated these and other issues.
Unique features of the design [ edit ]
Refueling floor at Fort St. Vrain Generating Station
The Fort St. Rain HTGR was substantially more efficient than modern light water reactors, reaching a thermal efficiency of 39-40%, excellent for a steam-cycle power plant. Operation of the HTGR design could be readily attenuated to follow the electrical power demand load, rather than be required to generate its nameplate power all the time. The reactor was also comparatively fuel efficient, with a maximum burn up of 90,000 MW days thermal (compared to Light Water Reactors with burn ups of 10,000 - 40,concept for the future. However, the problems that occurred leading to its debugging led to its early demise.
Operational experience [ edit ]
Many issues occurred early in the operational experience of the Fort St. Vrain HTGR. Although these issues were never a threat to the facility or to public safety, considerable stress was placed upon the personnel, equipment, and facilities and made continued operation appear uneconomical to the plant's owner. Most of the past issues had been resolved at considerable expense and the plant was beginning to perform at a commercially viable level when an economic downturn and the history of the plant caused the owner to shut it down even though it had not reached the end of its design lifetime.
Three major categories of problems were experienced at Fort St. Vrain: first, water infiltration and corrosion issues; second, electrical system issues; and third, general facility issues.
Water infiltration and corrosion issues (Helium circulators) [ edit ]
Diagram of the PCRV (left) and helium circulator (right) of the Fort St. Vrain reactor
Fort St. Vrain's largest problems were experienced with the helium circulator, illustrated at right. Due to helium's small molecular size, very tight seals were required to prevent the gas from escaping. Some seals involved moving surfaces, and a water-lubricated bearing design was used to contain the helium. A gas cleaning system was provided to remove contaminants, including water, from the helium system. Design problems resulted in too much water being present in the helium system, leading to corrosion.
The designers had intended for the water injectors to maintain a pressure in the bearings that would be about equal to the gas pressure in the system. In practice, the gas pressure varied more than the designers expected, allowing excessive water to escape into the circulator.
The capacity of the gas cleaning system did not account for the excess water from the bearings, and further assumed that high-temperature reactions in the graphite reactor core would reduce the impact of residual water in the helium, based on the porosity of typical core graphite. The graphite used to construct Fort St. Vrain's core was of a higher grade and less porous, and thus did not present as much surface area for these reactions to occur.[2]
Although system safety was not compromised, frequent operation problems were experienced throughout the reactor systems due to water and corrosion. Ice formed on chiller units in the gas cleaning system, reducing their efficiency. When the reactor output was cycled down and the system cooled, water would condense on equipment and instruments within the helium system. Control rod drives rusted, and rapid shutdowns failed to operate correctly. The reserve shutdown system, which released borated graphite spheres into the core in the event of an Anticipated Transient Without SCRAM (ATWS), was sometimes unavailable because water had leached the boron to form boric acid, which then softened the graphite spheres and caused them to clump together. Steel "tendons" within the PCRV experienced corrosion due to chloride precipitation and were weakened. Rust flecks migrated into the coolant and lodged in critical machinery, including control rod drives. Steam generator leaks also occurred due to corrosion.[2]
The design problems which led to the corrosion were partially the fault of the regulators, who were focused heavily on chemical reactions involving steam with the high-grade core graphite and the impact on the gas cleaning system. It was arguable that the memorandums from Rockville, Maryland had consumed excessive engineering resources and other design considerations had been overlooked as a result. Some of the blame for the corrosion problems also fell on the owner of FSV and its operations and maintenance procedures. For example, moisture alarms had been generating alerts for months in critical parts of the plant, but these were disregarded as defective. Licensee staff later sent to remove the allegedly-defective moisture alarms for repair discovered that the moisture alarms were not defective, and substantial amounts of water were sometimes released when the devices were removed from their fittings.
Finally,the designers of the plant also shared responsibility for not sizing the gas cleaning system to cope with excess water in the helium system, as they should have foreseen a possibility of excess water infiltration. They acknowledged this in hindsight: "The FSV circulators have 'met all design specifications', however, the bearings, seals, and support systems for the water-lubricated bearing have caused many problems. Further, the circulators employed a steam turbine drive that adds complexity to system operations. These unique design features resulted in water ingress to the core, the primary reason for poor plant availability."[3]
Electrical system issues [ edit ]
Operational diagram of the Fort St. Vrain high-temperature gas reactor
The plant electrical system was challenged on numerous occasions, and the resolutions were frequently expensive. Transformers experienced faults. Backup generators sometimes failed to engage when activated, and on other occasions, side channel issues occurred during operation, preventing them from generating power. Failure of backup power also led to some of the moisture infiltration problems, by variously disrupting the logic of the bearing water injection systems and the helium circulator trip logic. Failures of transformers and consequent failure of backup power occurred on at least one occasion due to moisture infiltration into electric cables and subsequent ground faulting when the plant was at low power to remove water from previous moisture infiltration issues. It is believed that this electrical fault led to further moisture infiltration.[2]
General facilities issues [ edit ]
Facility contractors introduced safety concerns on several occasions. In one of the more serious incidents, contractor personnel damaged hydraulic units, allowing hydraulic fluid to spray over reactor control cables. The same crew then performed welding operations to equipment located above the control cables. Hot slag fell onto the material used to contain the hydraulic fluid and ignited it, along with the fluid on the control cables. The fire involved the cables for five minutes, and 16 essential control cables were damaged. The contractor personnel then failed to inform plant personnel of the situation and the reactor was in operation for several hours in this condition. On another occasion, contractor personnel using improperly grounded welding apparatuses tripped neutron protection circuits, leading to a nuisance trip of the entire plant.[2]
Operational improvement and closure [ edit ]
Due to the water-induced corrosion problems and electrical problems, plant shutdowns were common. As a result, Public Service Company of Colorado began to question the economics of continued commercial operation. An increase in performance was observed from 1987–1989, suggesting some of the problems had been worked out of the system, but Public Service was not persuaded. In 1989 Public Service indicated that the plant was under consideration for closure. Later that same year a critical part of the reactor was found to have long-term corrosion and required replacement. The replacement cost was deemed excessive and the plant was shut down. The decommissioning and removal of the fuel was completed by 1992. Fort St. Vrain thus became the first commercial-scale nuclear reactor in the US to be decommissioned.[4]
Analysis [ edit ]
Lessons learned at Fort St. Vrain have led more recent reactor designs of the HTGR type to adopt different strategies to confront issues that occurred there. More recent HTGR designs have tended to avoid large per-unit cores (in favor of more compact modular units), tended to avoid concrete reactor pressure vessels (in favor of proven carbon or alloy steel reactor pressure vessels), and tended to avoid steam cycles without an intermediate non-water based circuit between the core and the steam generators. Others, such as the Adams Atomic Engine (using nitrogen), the Romawa Nereus (using helium), and General Atomics GT-MHR (using helium) have favored simplification of the high-temperature gas-cooled reactor concept as much as possible, down to practically a reactor and a gas turbine linked together with the reactor using a right-sized, inherently safe core with no water used in the plant design. The GT-MHR, however, is large enough that it has a system for residual heat removal using convected air.
The reactor concept of Fort St.Vrain experienced a resurrection in form of AREVA's Antares reactor. This is a high temperature helium cooled modular reactor and thus is conceptually similar to the reactor at Fort St.Vrain. The INL approved AREVA's Allegro reactor as the chosen Next Generation Nuclear Power Plant(NGNP) to be deployed as prototype by 2021.[5]
Reuse as combustion power facility [ edit ]
Following the reactor decommissioning, Fort St. Vrain was converted to a combustion facility. The first natural gas combustion turbine was installed in 1996. Two more turbines were installed by 2001. Heat recovery steam generators (HRSGs) allow the plant to operate in combined-cycle mode, in which waste heat recovered from combustion-turbine exhaust gases is used to make a second stage of steam capable of driving the facility's original steam turbine and generator. As of 2011, the nameplate generating capacity of the plant is 965MW.[4]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
A Long Island couple is home free after an outraged judge gave them an amazing Thanksgiving present — canceling their debt to ruthless bankers trying to toss them out on the street.
Suffolk Judge Jeffrey Spinner wiped out $525,000 in mortgage payments demanded by a California bank, blasting its “harsh, repugnant, shocking and repulsive” acts.
The bombshell decision leaves Diane Yano-Horoski and her husband, Greg Horoski, owing absolutely no money on their ranch house in East Patchogue.
Spinner pulled no punches as he smacked down the bankers at OneWest — who took an $814.2 million federal bailout but have a record of coldbloodedly foreclosing on any homeowner owing money.
“The bank was so intransigent that he [the judge] decided to punish them,” Greg Horoski, 55, said about Spinner's scathing ruling last Thursday against OneWest and its IndyMac mortgage division.
MORE NYPOST.COM COVERAGE
LAMBERT DOESN'T APOLOGIZE FOR AMA SHOW
DOBBS CONSIDERING US SENATE RUN IN NJ
ESCORT TELLS ALL ABOUT NIGHT WITH ITALIAN PM
It erased up to $291,000 in principal and $235,000 in interest and penalties.
The Horoskis — who had been paying only interest on their mortgage — had no equity in the home.
Horoski, who had begged the bankers to let him restructure the loan, said, “I think the judge felt it was almost a personal vendetta.” Dealing with the bank, he said, was “like dealing with organized crime.”
OneWest said, “We respectfully disagree with the lower court's unprecedented ruling and we expect that it will be overturned on appeal.”
It claimed it “has been extremely active in working with consumers on home loan modifications through the Obama administration's Home Affordable Modification Program and other loan modification initiatives.”
The bank is owned by a private equity group that purchased the failed IndyMac bank.
Yano-Horoski, a college professor of English and cognitive reason, and Horoski, who sells collectible dolls online, bought their 3,400-square-foot, one-level house 15 years ago for less than $200,000.
In 2004, court records show, they refinanced, paying off their original mortgage with part of a $292,500 sub-prime loan from Deutsche Bank. They used what was left for health care and for his business.
The loan carried an initial adjustable interest rate of 10.375 percent, which soared to 12.375 percent.
It eventually ended up being either owned or serviced by IndyMac, and the bank sued the couple in July 2005 when they began having trouble making payments because of Horoski's health problems.
After a foreclosure was approved last January, Yano-Haroski successfully asked for a court settlement conference.
Spinner excoriated OneWest for repeatedly refusing to work out a deal, for misleading him about the dollar amounts at stake in the case, and for its treatment of the couple over months of hearings.
OneWest's conduct was “inequitable, unconscionable, vexatious and opprobrious,” Spinner wrote.
He canceled the debt because the bank “must be appropriately sanctioned so as to deter it from imposing further mortifying abuse against [the couple].”
The bank is involved in a similar case in California, where it's trying to foreclose on an 89-year-old woman, despite two court orders telling it to stop.
kieran.crowley@nypost.com
Christian Benteke: Working his way back from an Achilles injury
Christian Benteke is ignoring speculation regarding his Aston Villa future as he focuses on his return to full fitness.
The Belgium international striker saw an Achilles injury cut short his 2013/14 campaign and wreck his World Cup dream.
The 23-year-old is not expected to be back in action until October at the earliest, having been told that he would be sidelined for around six months.
Speculation is speculation. It doesn't mean it's the truth. What I need to do is get back to playing well for Aston Villa. And if some other club is interested in me they have to speak to the club, not just speak about me. Christian Benteke
A lengthy spell on the treatment table has done little to curb the rumours surrounding a possible summer switch, though, with clubs across Europe still closely monitoring the powerful frontman.
Benteke is aware of the ongoing transfer gossip, but he has sought to assure Villa supporters that he remains committed to a long-term contract in the Midlands and has expressed no desire to move on.
He told The Sun: “I intend to come back bigger, better and stronger than last season.
“Speculation is speculation. It doesn't mean it's the truth. What I need to do is get back to playing well for Aston Villa.
“And if some other club is interested in me they have to speak to the club, not just speak about me.
“Of course it's nice to hear this club or that club wants you, but it means nothing.
“My first ambition is to focus on my rehabilitation.
“It was nice to be in the USA with the rest of the boys on the club's tour – even though I was training on my own.
More games that matter
Click here to see Sky Sports' unrivalled schedule of live Premier League fixtures
“I knew the manager would take me to Texas. He gave me all those months off to recover in Belgium but now I need to be close to the squad again.”
Benteke may still be some way off a return to competitive action, but a man who has plundered 34 goals during his two seasons in English football is itching to get going again.
He added: “It's going to be some feeling when I can finally kick a ball with the lads again.
“You know that look on a kid's face when you give them a ball to play with for the first time and they're really happy?
“I'm a grown man but I'll be as happy as a child kicking his first ball when I return.
“I can't wait to get back. I want to play football again. I've really missed it.
“That's the hardest thing about being injured, not being able to go what I really love – playing football.”
Harry Potter celebrates his 33rd birthday on Wednesday. That's right, you're super old.
Two years have passed since the final film was released — and six years since Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows first hit shelves. Even the most devoted Potterheads are running out of ways to freshen up Harry's world.
You can incorporate a drinking game into your next HP movie marathon: Take a shot when Ron makes his freaked-out face in the first three and a shot when Harry gets angsty in the final five films.
Or you can apply wizard logic to modern TV shows. Which house would Don Draper be placed in had he grown up at Hogwarts? What would the sorting hat do with Hannah Horvath from Girls? Take a look below.
Hogwarts Houses for Your Favorite TV Characters
Image: Warner Bros.
The Right ridicules the Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) as the last bastion of what is left of the Left. Socialism is still sexy on this campus. Even the haters acknowledge the Left's heft here. The resurgent Right, now armed with that Modi might, is giving them a fight in the battle of narratives. The Right's favourite weapon: declare difference anti-national. It literally sucked the life out of Rohith Vemula, the dalit student who broke a billion hearts with his final Facebook note.
Shut Down JNU. This was the war cry on Wednesday as the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad launched a protest, fuelling a fire that spread to Twitter, the bipartisan battlefield of partisan polemic. It sounded as spurious as the regular right-wing “anti-national” whine. Or did it? The Left literally handed the Right the rare opportunity to cry "wrong" and be right. ABVP said "JNU is anti-national". JNU doesn't need to shut down over some seditious sloganeering, but it should give the administration, both on and outside the campus, some serious heebie-jeebies. Because it goes beyond petty politics.
This is what happened. Some students organised a cultural programme that progressed into an event to mark the "martyrdom" of Afzal Guru, who was hanged for his involvement in the December 13, 2001 Parliament attack. This had happened in Vemula's Hyderabad Central University too. Then too, some called it anti-national. No matter what the Right believes, the India's Constitution gives her citizens an inviolable right to speech and belief. But soon, the slogans became shriller and bordered on being anti-India and quickly ended up crossing that border.
JNU students at Afzal Guru's 'martyrdom' meet.
India, Go Back! This is a slogan we hear in the Kashmir Valley, now a post-Friday-prayers ritual in Srinagar. Not in New Delhi. JNU has never been a "disputed" territory. JNU also does not have a history of demanding Azaadi from India. But the next slogan referred to a war that will go on till Kashmir is freed. “Kashmir ki Azaadi tak, jung rahegi, jung rahegi.” This would have been enough to light a furious fire in the hearts of the “proud and patriot” crowd. But the JNU Djangos did not stop at that. They rhymed it with “India ki barbaadi tak, jung rahegi, jung rahegi”. That means the war will go on till India is destroyed.
Modi Govt must purge JNU of these basards, arrest them, book them for sedition, Nehru's Law provides for it. pic.twitter.com/MWoHhRv8Hz — ?? ???? ?? ??? (@India_Policy) February 10, 2016
Rhyme and reason. Crime and treason. Or in common parlance, asking for it. In a free nation, you can demand freedom from that nation and that, however unpatriotic, will fall within the freedom of speech framework. Calling for a total destruction of that very free nation is misuse of the fundamental right the same nation's constitution affords us all. This is not bordering on incitement, this is incitement. So, this time when the ABVP called this anti-national, it was right.
Has the Left lost the art of intellectual war? Has the Left been appropriated by to the louts within? This is not progressive or aggressive - this is not the intellectual Left. This is regression into an uncharted territory for student politics in general and, JNU in particular. Universities are the only places where ideas, even pernicious ones, must be allowed to flourish. Since the recent rise of the raucous Right, India is fighting a battle to retain this character of our academic institutions. The Left is leading that battle. The JNU incident has just pulled out a chunk of the intellectual high ground it lays claim to.
WASHINGTON, January 15, 2015 – John P. Dehlin, host of a website dedicated to “exploring, celebrating, and challenging Mormon culture in constructive ways,” has been threatened with excommunication by his church leaders.
The Mormon Stories website has attracted a large and diverse following of Mormons, some of them orthodox and active members, others who, while skeptical about church doctrines and policies, wish to remain connected to their Mormon culture. In the process, it has raised serious concerns among church leaders who find some podcasts on the site highly critical of the church.
Dehlin was informed by LDS Stake President Bryan King that a disciplinary council would be held on January 25. The stake president – a church leader who oversees several local congregations – would in principle have called the disciplinary council on his own authority. LDS (or Latter-day Saint, from “Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints,” the official name of the Mormon church) disciplinary councils are called and conducted by local church leaders, not by church President Thomas S. Monson or the church's governing councils.
According to Dehlin, the specific items mentioned by his file leaders as contributing to his apostasy include his work with Mormon Stories, his public support of same-sex marriage, his public support of the Ordain Women movement, his criticism of the church's treatment of LGBT and feminist members, his expressed doubts about key elements of LDS theology, and his criticism of the church's lack of financial transparency.
Dehlin received letters from his church leader in August and this month detailing the charges against him, and he has released them. They make no mention of same-sex marriage, focusing instead on his questioning of key LDS doctrines.
Dehlin says that he was told that the disciplinary council would be held and would probably lead to disfellowshipment (censure) or excommunication if he did not remove podcasts critical of the church from his website and drop his support of same-sex marriage and ordination of women.
Dehlen wrote on his website, “While my family and I would prefer to be left alone by LDS church leadership at this time, I would much rather face excommunication than disavow my moral convictions. In the coming weeks, months, and years ahead, it is my intent to provide increased support to Mormons who are transitioning away from orthodoxy.”
Kate Kelly, the human rights lawyer who founded Ordain Women, was excommunicated from the church in June. Ordain Women actively promotes the ordination of women into the LDS priesthood, and Kelly was accused of attempting to undermine church leaders. Dehlin was warned then that he might face church discipline, but the action against Kelly generated a great deal of media attention and the threat was temporarily set aside.
Support of same-sex marriage is not grounds for church discipline, hence it is not surprising that Dehlin's support of it isn't mentioned in the letters. Church leaders do not claim that same-sex attraction is itself a sin or changeable by medical treatment, and they have recently emphasized that gay and lesbian members should feel welcome and accepted by members of the church.
At the same time, they have remained adamant that sexual activity outside of marriage is a sin, and firm in their opposition to same-sex marriage. Gay Mormons who are sexually active outside of traditional marriage are subject to censure or excommunication.
The church does not encourage that disciplinary councils be held for members on the basis of their political beliefs. Nevada Senator Harry Reid, for instance, remains a member of the LDS church in good standing despite his support for same-sex marriage.
Local leaders are much more likely to sanction members who use political platforms to attack the church, its leaders, and core doctrines. Likewise, while Mormons are free to believe whatever they like and discuss it with friends and family, they are likely to face sanctions if they present their personal beliefs as doctrine, attempt to convert other Mormons to those beliefs, and challenge the authority of church leaders.
That gets to the heart of the charges against Dehlen. His critics within the church argue that he is in opposition to church teachings and advocates nonbelief.
Yet Dehlin's position is not that simple. In addition to Mormon Stories, he founded staylds.org, a website devoted to helping Mormons experiencing doubts and crises of faith to remain in the church. If his LDS critics believe that Mormon Stories is designed to help members leave the church, some ex-Mormons worry that it does the opposite; it encourages them to stay.
Some observers – both within and outside of the church – believe that given the furor that erupted over Kelly's excommunication, a disciplinary council would not have been called without the tacit approval of someone higher in the church hierarchy. Stake presidents have considerable latitude to act or not when dealing with someone like Dehlin, but if the situation is likely to draw widespread press attention, they will be sensitive to signals coming out of church headquarters.
This is the third time that Dehlin has been investigated by church leaders for possible discipline, but it is the first time that an actual disciplinary council has been called. LDS leaders have refused to comment, saying that this is a matter between Dehlin and his stake president.
Trooper deploys stun gun at drunk 'Darth Vader'
But it took pepper spray and several troopers to subdue Michael Cole
The man behind the mask, 28-year-old Michael Eugene Cole, was intoxicated and walking near a construction site at about 2:45 a.m. at Summerlin Avenue and Anderson Street where a trooper was on patrol, FHP spokeswoman Sgt. Kim Montes said.
The Force abandoned Darth Vader when he challenged a Florida Highway Patrol trooper early Thursday.
The trooper asked Cole to leave. Instead, he swore loudly and laid on the road, she said.
Cole tried to punch and kick the trooper, who deployed his stun gun.
The prongs of the stun gun did not make contact with Cole because he was wearing a thick coat, so the trooper used pepper spray, Montes said.
It took several troopers to finally subdue Cole and strap him onto a stretcher.
Cole complained he couldn't breathe and was taken to Florida Hospital South.
After he was released from the hospital, he was booked into the Orange County Jail, where he was undergoing psychological observations. The mask, troopers said, was turned over to Cole's mother.
She said he got it from a child's room while staying at a friend's house.
Doreen Williams said her son's behavior was the result of a manic episode — not alcohol.
She said she tried to have Cole committed involuntarily under the state's Baker Act on Wednesday, but doctors and police did not think he was a threat to himself or others.
Instead, Cole was prescribed more medication, Williams said.
When she received a call this morning that her son was in custody, Williams said she felt helpless.
Cole was charged with resisting arrest with violence and battery on a law-enforcement officer, both felonies.
He was previously charged in 2003 with battery on a law-enforcement officer during another manic episode, his mother said.
arehernandez@tribune.com or 407-420-5471
in NYC but has since come to London
FEMAIL writer Marianne Power tried out the latest exercise trend to hit the UK, naked yoga
When I'm stressed I have two recurring dreams. One involves me in an exam hall about to take a paper that I have not revised for.
The other features me walking down Oxford Street with no clothes on. I'm trying to hide but then I see someone from work. I wake up in a cold sweat.
For most us, being naked in public is the stuff of nightmares.
So why is it that here I am, on a Sunday night, about to take my clothes off in front of room full of strangers who have all paid good money to do the same thing?
And not only are we going to take our clothes off – we are going to bend and move ourselves into the most compromising of positions. And no, it's not that kind of get together.
It's the latest fitness trend to hit London: naked yoga. Yes, really.
The craze started in the New York where naked yoga classes have got a cult following.
Matthew McConaughey is said to be a fan, while Lady Gaga featured naked yoga in one of her music videos.
Trendsetting magazine Gentlewoman featured a whole naked yoga shoot while a high-end naked yoga retreat in Ibiza sold out this summer.
The idea behind it is that it helps people get over body hang-ups – but surely us Brits are too uptight for naked downward dog or sun salutations in the buff?
Apparently not.
Yoga teacher Annette, founder of Naked Yoga London, says that since she started her naked yoga classes a couple of years ago, the demand has been overwhelming.
'The feedback from the courses was so overwhelmingly positive right from day one. I was blown away, and still am blown away by the messages I receive from people having attended the classes,' she says.
Scroll down for video
The craze started in New York and has since progressed to London where classes are in high demand
'The benefits range from simply feeling great and free, experiencing the liberation of your body free from clothes and moving in contact with the air, and also a sense of psychological liberation in this.
'People say they become more accepting of themselves, they get over weight issues, they become less self-conscious and less judgmental of themselves and others.'
That sounds nice.
Although I don't actively hate my body, I don't love it either. My bum is fat, my thighs wobble, I have cellulite, I have scars. I try not to think about it because I know that I'm very lucky to have a healthy body that works and as a size 12-14, I'm a very normal size – but the truth is I have a kind of low-grade body-loathing all the time. It's boring and draining.
If naked yoga can change that, then I'm willing to try – but I'm terrified.
The process is supposed to help participants relax and feel comfortable in their own body
My first fear is that everyone will have perfect yoga bodies so when I arrive at the tiny studio in South London I am relieved that everyone looks quite normal.
We are all ages from twenties to sixties and about two thirds men, one-third women. We are all shapes and sizes – from what I can see at least.
Once we are in the dimly lit studio everyone keeps their eyes to themselves.
The room is warm and there's a smell of incense and the soft sound of plinky plonky music. Mirrors and windows are covered and candles flicker.
We're told to find a mat, get 'changed' – ie undressed – and lie down. I won't lie – it's embarrassing. I find a spot in the shadows, remove my leggings and jumper, take a deep breath as I take off my bra and knickers and lie down quickly.
I don't look at the two men on either side of me doing the same. It's amazing what you can block out.
I work hard telling myself that they were enlightened yogis and not perverts – but the truth is the whole thing feels very strange.
We begin. Annette's soothing voice guides us through the postures.
Fortunately the mats are arranged in a horseshoe shape and at a diagonal so that we each face Annette but are not looking directly at other people – and nobody is behind you.
It is also a relief that most of the class is done lying down with eyes closed. There's lots of deep breathing and gentle stretching and lifting of arms and legs from a lying down position. In the few minutes I manage to forget I'm naked it's surprisingly relaxing. The dim lights and soft red candles make the whole thing feel like being in the womb.
When the moves got a bit more dynamic I do get self-conscious. I have moments – when doing the downward dog – where I think, 'What the hell am I doing?' but at no point do I get an eye-full. I try not to think who might be getting an eye-full of me.
I treat it all as a mental exercise in not caring what people think. This class is more about being in your own body than looking at other people's.
And in that semi-dark studio, with Annette's soft voice telling us to 'inquire' into our breath, something quite miraculous happens.
Marianne says that she found the experience very effective and the class left her appreciating her figure
Towards the end of the class, I find that I like being in my own body. I'm not criticising it, hating it, wishing it to be better. Even when my tummy was hanging down it didn't bother me. I marvel at how my body could bend and move, and at my soft droopy skin. In the soft candlelight it doesn't look so bad.
Annette says this is exactly the benefit of naked yoga.
She says: 'We have such high and unattainable standards of what our bodies should like. People can feel inadequate, insecure and dissatisfied with themselves. Part of the reason I do naked yoga is to react against these ideals of perfection...
'Our bodies are a wonderful miracle granted to us as human beings, and we spend far too much time criticising them, hiding them away in shame and fear. It's time to love, honour and delight in what our bodies have to offer us.'
At the end of the class there's a quiet calm as everyone puts on their clothes and walks to the tube. I speak to the lady who was just as nervous as I was, when we walked into class at the beginning.
'That wasn't so bad, was it?' she asks me. 'No, it wasn't – actually I liked it,' I say. 'Me too!' She's grinning now. We both are.
I get home and can't quite believe what I've just done. It's like a dream – but not a bad one this time. Weird but not bad. In fact, it was quite beautiful.
“Digital technology virtually emancipated us,” said Mr. Diaz, who is known for his experimental slow-cinema style. “We own the medium now.”
Around the same time, finding the money to make new work became easier after the advent of several Philippine independent-film festivals.
In its first year, in 2005, the Cinemalaya Philippine Independent Film Festival received a flood of pitches from around the country, from Manila down to the southern island of Mindanao, for a program to help fund full-length features by young directors. Ten entrants were awarded grants of about $10,000 apiece — enough to cover roughly a quarter of the cost of a low-budget movie in the Philippines at the time.
“Before, it seemed like there was nothing more to learn about Filipino culture through film,” said Laurice Guillen, a veteran director and a founder of Cinemalaya. “But then the submissions starting coming in, and it was amazing. Most were stories that we had never heard of before.”
One of those first films was Auraeus Solito's “The Blossoming of Maximo Oliveros,” a coming-of-age story about an effeminate boy who lives in a Manila slum with his family of petty criminals and falls in love with a handsome young police officer. The movie picked up several awards at the Berlin International Film Festival in 2006 and went on to become the official Philippine entry for the Academy Awards that year.
With Mr. Mendoza and Mr. Diaz leading the way, many say the environment for independent Filipino filmmaking has continued to improve. More festivals have sprung up, and sources of financing have proliferated. In recent years, directors like Erik Matti (already an established director of mainstream fare), Raya Martin and Jerrold Tarog have come to the fore.
British Muslims have been boycotting a key government anti-radicalisation programme, according to a report in The Times newspaper.
Citing figures from the National Police Chiefs Council, the report published on Saturday said fewer than 10 percent of tip-offs on the Prevention scheme had come from Muslims - that is fewer than 300 out of the 3,000-plus tip-offs in the first half of 2015.
Prevent is a UK-wide project aimed at undermining and tackling what the government considers to be extremist ideology.
It is not specifically targeted at Muslims - and includes far-right ideologies - but its primary focus has been countering alleged extremism in the community.
A controversial aspect of the scheme is its tip-off hotline, which makes it a legal duty for public sector workers, including health workers, teachers and university lecturers, to report signs of suspected extremism.
The project has been described as draconian by civil liberties and Muslim groups because of a number of high-profile incidents when children were interrogated by intelligence officers for alleged extremist views.
In July, Al Jazeera reported on the detention of a 15-year-old boy in southern England accused of holding "terrorist-like" views by a police officer because the "Free Palestine" badges he wore were determined to be "extremist" .
His younger brother was told by teachers to dissuade the boy from holding "radical ideas" or he would be reported to the intelligence services.
In October, another report revealed how schools were using software on classroom computers - as part of the Prevention programme - which alerted intelligence officers if a student entered any words from a list of more than 1,000 that included "Islamism".
READ MORE: Keyword warning software in schools raises red flag
The Muslim Council of Britain, one of the UK's largest Muslim umbrella organisations, has called the policy "divisive" and accused it of fostering a climate of suspicion.
Speaking to Al Jazeera on Saturday, Malia Bouattia of the National Union of Students said the Prevention programme was "inherently Islamophobic".
"It presents this idea that it is trying to deter people from partaking in violent activities and joining certain groups but in reality what we've found is that it's the state's attempt to control dissent and political self-organisation," Bouattia said.
"This notion of extremism is so vague that anything can fall under it."
British Prime Minister David Cameron has condemned criticism of his counter-extremism policies as "paranoia".
"Our new Prevent duty for schools is not about criminalising or spying on Muslim children. This is paranoia in the extreme," Cameron said earlier this year.
2018 Web Page Design Prices
This year we are offering three special web site packages for our premium mobile responsive web sites, most Internet needs will be met by one of these packages. If your requirements are more specialized, we will be happy to provide you with a free custom quote. Here are a few of the additional services we offer, shopping cart, blog, restricted access control, live video spokesperson and Facebook pages just to name a few. If you are interested in adding any of these additional services to your website please contact us for afree quote. Our goal is to provide a web page design cost affordable to everyone.
WhiteGyr Starter Web Page Design Prices
Get up to four pages includes web design, web hosting and a domain name. We can have a site this size online in three work days. Another example of our low web page design cost.
Request a Free Price Quote
WhiteGyr Standard Web Page Design Prices
Get up to eight pages includes web design, web hosting and a domain name. We can have a site this size online in five work days. Another example of our low web page design cost.
Request a Free Price Quote
WhiteGyr Premium Web Page Design Prices
Get up to twenty pages includes web design, web hosting and a domain name. We can have a site this size online in eight work days. Another example of our low web page design cost.
Request a Free Price Quote
It doesn't take a huge leap in logic to imagine that dumping 200 million gallons of oil and 2 million gallons of chemical dispersants into a body of water would impact the animals there. Yet it's surprisingly difficult to link events such as the Deepwater Horizon oil spill to environmental impacts. The ecotoxicology studies that establish these connections are notoriously difficult to do and tend to struggle to find funding and support.
Related Content Breaking Down the Myths and Misconceptions About the Gulf Oil Spill
Now, however, a team of NOAA researchers has established a link between the 2010 oil spill in the Gulf Coast and impacts on wildlife. Fish that were exposed as embryos or juveniles to the Deepwater Horizon oil, the researchers found, suffer from heart defects that could impact their ability to survive into adulthood and reproduce, the Washington Post reports.
The researchers didn't look directly at fish in the Gulf of Mexico. Rather, they created mini-oil spills in their lab that mimicked conditions back in 2010. Then, they exposed baby yellowfin and bluefin tuna and amberjack to the potentially deadly mix. According to the Washington Post, they found that "[i]n the three species studied, abnormalities were clear. Heart contractions were observed and asymmetry was apparent. The deformities continued after the eggs hatched." Here's what the researchers reported in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences:
Abnormalities in cardiac function were highly consistent...Losses of early life stages were therefore likely for Gulf populations of tunas, amberjack, swordfish, billfish, and other large predators that spawned in oiled surface habitats.
Tuna, for instance, take eight years to mature, Washington Post explains, and they can only be caught commercially once they reach that age. Since only four years have passed since the spill occurred, it could be that future catch rates will suddenly decline, reflecting the damage done in 2010.
Last summer, BP filed a lawsuit in Texas "arguing it had been sufficiently punished for the spill," the Post adds, and the EPA recently lifted the ban preventing the company from bidding on federal oil and gas reserves. However, it will likely be many years before the full extent of impacts caused by the 2010 spill will be revealed.
- FOX 5 has learned that a 21-year-old man who died in a house fire in Bethesda had been hired to work in the basement of the home as part of a deal with the homeowner, who was able to escape the fire.
People who knew the victim, Askia Khafra, said he and the homeowner, Daniel Beckwitt, got to know each other when Beckwitt made an investment in a company that Khafra wanted to get off the ground. The two struck some kind of deal and Khafra agreed to come to Beckwitt's house on Danbury Road to help Beckwitt excavate the tunnels and the bunker inside the home.
RELATED: Victim killed in mysterious Bethesda house fire identified
Khafra's friends also said he told them that he was blindfolded before he was brought to Beckwitt's house every day so he wouldn't know where he was going. In fact, Khafra thought he was going to a house in Virginia.
FOX 5 has obtained photos showing Khafra inside the bunker at the Bethesda house.
According to a friend, one of the photos shows a tunnel that Khafra was working in inside the home. The friend said the picture was sent to him by Khafra and apparently shows buckets, a pulley and ropes in the tunnel.
Another photo shows Khafra wearing a helmet, a breathing apparatus and protection for his ears, which was posted this summer as his Facebook profile picture. Khafra's friends said the photo appears to have been taken inside the bunker of the house, a place he had been working since the summer.
The 21-year-old's parents knew their son had been at the house. The deadly fire happened on Sept. 10 and the victim's parents said he sent them a text message the day before the fire.
RELATED: Man who escaped mysterious fatal Bethesda fire has checkered past
According to witnesses, Beckwitt was shirtless and covered in dirt after the fire happened. Fire officials said the homeowner has been cooperating with the investigation. However, a cause has not yet been determined so far.
Investigators have narrowed down where they think the fire started and are having some chemicals tested to determine what they are.
There has been no ruling from the medical examiner on a cause and manner of Khafra's death.
Montgomery County police are no longer watching the house around the clock.
It has now been 1,043 days since Tony Abbott has appeared on Q&A. He last attended on 16 August 2010, a week before the election.
Abbott is, of course, not obligated to appear on the show; he is a free citizen and can opt not to be sat down in front of Australian voters and answer their questions. But he did say “I am trying to be as open and as accessible to the Australian people as I possibly can be and I suggest the prime minister should do the same.” So it happens, openness and accessibility can be measured – and I would rate a 1,043 day absence quite poor in terms of accessibility (since the last election, Julia Gillard has made four appearances).
His absence is not for the lack of ABC initiative, either. Freedom of Information request has revealed that between Abbott's last appearance and this February, 26 emails requesting his attendance were exchanged between the ABC and Abbott's office.
We have seen and heard a fair amount of Abbott in recent months. But the contract that Paddy Manning described in Crikey between the Australian Financial Review and business applies to contemporary politics. Manning wrote: “the AFR's business journalism is built on a fundamental contract between company and reporter: high-level access in exchange for soft coverage.”
Abbott appears on Seven's Sunrise and similar calibred programmes with regularity. The primary way he communicates is by doing doorstops to get his one liner out and turned into the sound bites so cherished by the media cycle. Doorstops tend not to be done by journalists with much experience in federal politics. Experienced political journalists are typically in Canberra, close to the ministerial wing.
But when a journalist decides to probe, it can get messy for Abbott. When Leigh Sales interviewed him in August last year, the result was disastrous for his image – so much so that Sales was accused of media bias. She was later cleared, and Abbott waited 246 days to be interviewed by her again. Sales was arguably comparatively softer on Abbott than during her previous interview.
Abbott's Q&A absence could be part of a conscious election strategy to avoid both the articulation of his policies and scrutiny, thus avoiding being burnt by an audience's piercing questions. Being held into account for an hour is not fun when you're trying to take the Lodge by stealthy silence. There are enough pesky YouTube videos that follow him about, and he probably does not want anymore.
Abbott's absences from Q&A and other probing media have given the alternative policy starved media no option but to focus on internal Labor party dynamics and perceived problems of governance. There is no chatter about how Abbott's alternative government would address the issues he raises.
Concern for Australian democracy is warranted. How can a lack of involvement in the political conversation bring electoral dividends? People should not reward for avoiding thorny questioning; especially in the unique position of being the opposition leader asking for a democratic mandate to rule.
If politicians do not clearly articulate their intention on how to govern before an election, we can't judge their performance or even hold the government accountable if elected, as there is no point of reference to hold them accountable to.
But after 1,043 days, Australians have a fair amount of questions for Abbott.
How To See Forever On Your Dirty Car
When you fall in love with science, ordinary, everyday stuff can suddenly seem extraordinary. That's how NPR Blogger and astrophysicist Adam Frank sees it — today he sees it in dust.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
When you're in love with science, ordinary everyday stuff can suddenly seem extraordinary. At least that's how NPR blogger and astrophysicist Adam Frank sees it, even down to the dust on his car.
ADAM FRANK, BYLINE: Carl Sagan, an astronomer with the soul of a poet, liked to remind us that we are all star stuff. It was without a doubt one of his most beautiful images. But what really was Carl Sagan talking about? Well, there are two answers to this question.
The first is remarkable and the second is crazy-remarkable. And if we pay attention, both can open a hidden doorway for us to depths of time that we swim through every day without ever noticing. Let's unpack the remarkable answer first. Every atom in your body was produced in space eons ago. The simplest kinds of atoms like hydrogen date back to the universe's Big Bang beginnings 13.7 billion years ago.
Everything else - carbon, oxygen, iron, et cetera - they were all born in the furnace of a star once stars began to form about a billion years after the Big Bang. So what Carl Sagan was telling us is that stars aren't just out there in space. The stuff of stars is right here on Earth, right now. But now comes the even crazier point, and this is the one that links the Earth directly to the heavens. How did all of that star stuff get here? And by here, I mean right here, the very earth you stand on. The answer, my friends, is dirt, space dirt.
Five billion years ago, the solar system was nothing more than a vast disc of gas and dust swirling around the newly-formed sun. The gas was free-floating atoms, but the dust - ah, the dust - that was already something more. The tiny flecks of solid matter, the lowly grains of minerals of space dirt, they were the keys to assembling planets. It started with tiny coalitions, two grains of dust sticking together and making a bigger grain.
Eventually, the bigger grains collided and stuck together to make pebbles. Then the pebbles made rocks, and the rocks made boulders and the boulders made mountain-sized asteroids floating through space, all the way up to the beautiful blue-green world you're sitting on right now. So go ahead, pick up a clod of earth and you are without doubt cupping a handful of space dirt that once floated free in the inky darkness four to five billion years ago. Unless of course it just arrived. See, that's one of the freaky parts of the story. The space dirt is still coming. And if this seems too crazy and you don't believe me, just go out and look at that dirty car you're driving around.
Every year, almost 100,000 tons of space dirt falls on our planet. That's the equivalent of one U.S. Nimitz-class aircraft carrier dropping from the skies every year. Of course, it doesn't all come at once. Each day, about a hundred tons of material hits the Earth. Most of it is in the form of interplanetary dust caught in the Earth's gravitational pull. But on any given night, you might also catch the bigger stuff: sand-grain-sized or even pebble-sized bits of the solar system flaring across our sky as meteors. After their fiery journey through the atmosphere, most of that material ends up as dust on the ground too.
So if you do the math - and I just did - those hundred tons of inbound space stuff translates into about 10,000 grains of dust added to your car every day. And if, like me, you only make it to the car wash once a year, then odds are pretty good that if you write, clean me, on your car's rear window, it will leave at least a few tiny bits of dusty space dirt on your fingers. And it's right there, on your fingertips, that you can meet eternity up close.
CORNISH: Adam Frank teaches physics at the University of Rochester and blogs for us at npr.org.
Copyright © 2013 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Share 13 Pin 122 Shares
By David Pendered
Editor's Note: This story has been updated with a comment from MARTA GM/CEO Keith Parker.
A surprisingly high proportion of Republicans in Gwinnett County support expanding MARTA in their county, the pollster who conducted the poll said Wednesday.
“Usually with public transportation issues, you find Democrats are for it and Republicans are against it,” said Ryan Steusloff, vice president of Washington-based Wilson Perkins Allen Opinion Research. “In Gwinnett, 48 percent of Republicans support it.”
Gwinnett has been solid GOP territory since 1980, when voters picked Ronald Reagan over Jimmy Carter. In 1984, lifelong Republican leader Lillian Webb became the first female, and first Republican, elected to chair the Gwinnett County Board of Commissioners.
The poll was released last month, and it showed a majority of likely voters would agree to pay a 1 percent sales tax to get MARTA service in Gwinnett. The Gwinnett Chamber of Commerce sponsored the poll in order to inform upcoming deliberations about promoting economic development and a transportation system to enable the growth.
Based on its findings, WPA encouraged Gwinnett's leadership to support the expansion.
“With likely voters having a favorable image of MARTA and their dissatisfaction with public transportation in Gwinnett County, we recommend supporting the expansion,” is the first recommendation presented by WPA.
MARTA GM/CEO Keith Parker said Wednesday evening that MARTA is working hard to become the regional system its founders envisioned. That vision includes Cobb and Gwinnett counties, as well as Clayton County, where voters agreed last year to support the 1 percent MARTA tax and bring the transit system into Clayton.
“Through dedication and hard work, MARTA continues to fine-tune its operations as we strive to remove all legitimate barriers to partnering with the transit agency,” Parker said. “Our transformation plan is well underway and we are receiving promising results including balanced budgets and ridership gains. MARTA welcomes the opportunity to bring the region one step closer to the original transit vision that has yet to be fully realized.”
Steusloff said Wednesday another little surprise was the reason that one in three respondents gave to explain their dissatisfaction with Gwinnett County Transit. Politics don't seem to factor in the response.
“Among those who were dissatisfied, the general idea is that there's not enough of it,” Steusloff said. “Not 100 percent. But we found a lot of responses that there's not a lot of transportation [alternatives] in Gwinnett.”
The poll showed that 48 percent of those who rode GCT with daily or weekly are dissatisfied. The figures show 48 percent dissatisfaction among those who oppose the Tea Party; 44 percent dissatisfaction of liberals; 40 percent dissatisfaction of Democrats; and 39 percent dissatisfaction of those who are single.
The poll also showed 33 percent satisfaction among those with household incomes of $75,000 or higher; 33 percent satisfaction among those who ride GCT daily or weekly; 32 percent satisfaction among those who reside in Gwinnett County's District 2, which is in southwest region and includes the Norcross-to-Lilburn area.
Similar sentiments regarding service levels appear among the poll respondents who have an unfavorable view of MARTA. Not all the criticism is aimed at the respondents' impression of MARTA as unsafe and wasteful of its resources.
The poll includes these quotes as representative of dissatisfaction:
“It's not extensive as it should be. It should be in Gwinnett County.” – Liberal male, aged 18 years to 24 years.
“Because it doesn't go enough places or seem safe enough.” – Conservative female, aged 25 years to 34 years.
Gwinnett County has a history of shying away from MARTA. Like voters in Cobb and Clayton counties, Gwinnett voters rejected the original MARTA referendum that created the transit system. The county opted to start its own, independent, bus system.
At the time, the notion was to expand MARTA rail from MARTA's Doraville Station toward Gwinnett Place shopping area. That service didn't meet the needs of the many Gwinnett residents who commute to jobs in Technology Park, west of Norcross, from homes in eastern Gwinnett – the Lilburn and Snellville region.
Now, the crush of traffic congestion may be the catalyst that's spurring voter support for joining the region's largest transit system, Steusloff said.
“I know how terrifying it is to try to get any where in [metro] Atlanta,” Steusloff said.
MEXICO CITY — Almost every Latin American government has purchased or shown interest in obtaining aggressive surveillance software, taking advantage of a failure to enforce lax regulations but potentially violating human rights, according to a new report by the Santiago-based NGO, Derechos Digitales.
Authorities in Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Honduras, Mexico and Panama have all bought software licensed from Hacking Team, an Italian company that sells some of the most invasive spying software in the world. Argentina, Guatemala, Paraguay, Uruguay and Venezuela have negotiated with the company but do not appear to have bought any products as of July, according to the report, released last week. The report was based on a 2015 breach of Hacking Team's internal emails, which made public over one million internal emails detailing how the company used malware and software vulnerabilities to create spyware that can get into nearly any computer and smartphone.
As BuzzFeed News previously revealed, in many cases the purchases were made through intermediaries like Israeli software company NICE Systems, as Hacking Team is subject to certain export restrictions on its software.
One of the biggest concerns for Derechos Digitales is that the spying software is being used in a region that is fraught with deep political divisions, where some governments are known for their repressive, authoritarian practices and where the rule of law is weak.
“Despite there being solid legal framework that protects human rights and regulates interception of communications, in practice these spying activities in these countries are disproportionate and, in many cases, directed toward members of the opposition or activists and dissidents,” reads the report, referring to surveillance practices in Colombia, Ecuador and Mexico.
In Colombia, journalist Vicky Davila reported to the deputy attorney general that her and her family's private communications were intercepted, possibly because she had access to information on a prostitution ring inside the police force. During the RightsCon conference in San Francisco last week, members of Derechos Digitales told BuzzFeed News that journalists and NGOs were among the most frequent targets for surveillance by their governments. Simple spear phishing emails, in which a person is lured into clicking on and downloading malware that appears as a document or attachment, were among the most commonly used. In one case, said the group during its presentation, journalists in Mexico were sent emails that appeared to come from the president's office, only to, in fact, contain malware when the attachment was opened.
Eight out of ten Mexican government entities that purchased the software are not authorized to intercept communications; one of these, the government in the state of Puebla, spied on members of the opposition and journalists, the report reveals.
And in Ecuador, judges and electoral authorities who opposed Rafael Correa's government were spied on with Hacking Team's “Remote Control System,” which the company boasts can enable governments to monitor the communications of people online on various platforms, including those using encrypted systems, as well as remotely activate microphones and cameras.
Only Panama's current government has any sort of ongoing investigation into Hacking Team or Robotec, an intermediary agency who sold Hacking Team's software in Latin America, according to the report. In 2011, former Panamanian president Ricardo Martinelli's office of security purchased “Galileo,” a communications monitoring system created to combat crime. Shortly before the current president took office in July 2014, the spying software — which intercepted communications during the elections — disappeared. Anti-corruption authorities began an investigation into the disappearance of the spying equipment.
There are no specific regulations for Galileo and other communications monitoring systems in the Latin American countries that negotiated with Hacking Team. However, these countries require a judicial order prior to intercepting private communications. If evidence is obtained without meeting this requirement, then it cannot be used in court.
There is also the matter of how long intercepted information is kept: in Guatemala and Paraguay everything that is not related to the matter that is being investigated must be destroyed, though few other countries have this standard.
“In Latin America, surveillance and government spying activities are worthy of suspicion, especially if we take into account the history of authoritarianism and repression in the region,” the report concludes. “Spying programs that are as invasive as Hacking Team lend themselves to human rights abuses and violations.”
Thanks to everyone who submitted ideas. The winners are:
BACKGROUND
The World Identity Network (WIN), the United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS), and the United Nations Office of Information and Communications Technology (UN-OICT) are partnering to launch a pilot initiative that will use the blockchain technology to help combat child trafficking in Moldova. A first in the world, this project is part of a broader effort titled “Blockchain For Humanity”, announced during the Blockchain Humanitarian Summit in New York, on November 10, 2017.
Still the poorest country in Europe, Moldova has been trying to stop child trafficking for decades. The Government of Moldova is an official partner in this Global Challenge, believing that this breakthrough technology can be leveraged beyond commercial applications, for the social good.
EXPECTED OUTCOME
The Global Challenge will result in a detailed concept and project design that could be further enhanced and used by the Government of Moldova for project implementation. However, the concept should be scalable and applicable to other contexts as well, including other countries around the world, where the prevalence of child trafficking is high.
RECOGNITION
The winner of the challenge will:
Be offered the opportunity to have an advisory role in the further development of the submitted solution.
Be featured at the United Nations Press, the Unite Ideas platform and more broadly in press and social media.
Be offered the opportunity to pitch the solution for potential investment from WIN and other interested organizations.
*Please note that the winner of the Global Challenge is not automatically guaranteed award of contract for project implementation, nor investment or grants from potential donors.
AUDIENCE
This challenge is open to the general public. Public, private, and academic organizations.
How can Blockchain Technology Be Used to Help Prevent Child Trafficking in Moldova?
The task is to propose a detailed project concept and functional design of the solution that would encompass the following sub-components:
ESTABLISHING A PERSONAL DIGITAL IDENTITY FOR CHILDREN
Undocumented children and minors can become an easy prey for human traffickers, who often use fake identification (ID) documents to transport them across borders. Once trafficked, these children and minors are sold to sex brothels, caught in modern slavery rings, and even used for the illegal human organ trade. Digital identity on the blockchain may offer a significantly higher chance of catching traffickers and securing data on an immutable ledger, further making any such trafficking attempts more traceable and preventable.
However, concerns over the privacy of the identity data stored should be identified and clarified, along with proposed ways of addressing them. The proposed solution should allow establishing a unique, secure, digital identity for children and minors aged 0-14 y/o (pilot size: approx. 350,000 children, with modalities of linking children's personal identity to that of their family members.
SETTING UP A BLOCKCHAIN PLATFORM FOR THE INTEGRATED ID SYSTEM
Setting up a solution that would allow securing identity data on the blockchain, making an immutable record of the actual, or attempted exit with a minor without parents' permission outside the borders of Moldova.
The integrated ID system may cover the total population (size: 3,500,000 people) or a subset of it, and the choice between these two options should be explained and justified. Issues such as “the right to be forgotten” and the self-sovereign control of data should also be addressed in the proposed solution.
AUTOMATING COMMUNICATION
Potential or actual victims of trafficking are often times isolated and lack support and help in critical circumstances. However, the traditional communication tools, such as direct contact with a social worker, for example, may not function in this context. Setting up a solution that would allow the use of artificial intelligence (AI) tools, for instance, could help recognize and detect patterns of behavior and automate communication with the victims.
EXPECTED DELIVERABLES
Your submission must include the following materials:
1. Detailed concept design and documentation describing the functionalities and explanation of the approach taken to solve the Challenge and the proposed solution.
2. Demonstration systems, prototypes, or videos illustrating the functionality described. (you must provide a link to the source code of any demonstration material you submit).
If you decide to submit a solution, you will do so by providing Internet links where your documentation, software, demos and any material will be stored, which shall be marked and accompanied by creative common and recognized open source software licenses, and shall be visible and accessible to the general public. You will be asked to accept the terms and conditions below:
SOLUTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS
When you submit a solution to this challenge you agree to license it as follows:
Documents, presentations, Infographics, databases and any other content are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license. Read the full text of the license here: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode
Software and hardware is licensed under a GNU General Public License Version 3 as published by the Free Software Foundation here: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html or another license approved by the Open Source Initiative, see: https://opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical.
You represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights, licenses, and permissions to grant the above license and that the content submitted by you and the submission of such content, do not and will not violate any intellectual property rights (including but not limited to copyrights and trademark rights) of any third party.
CHALLENGE SPONSORING ORGANIZATIONS:
Government of Moldova, UNOPS, UN-OICT, WIN.
CHALLENGE FOCAL POINTS:
Yoshiyuki Yamamoto, UNOPS
Jorge Martinez Navarrete, UN-OICT
Mariana Dahan, WIN
Mihail Beregoi, Government of Moldova
Post your preliminary idea today!
The last day for submissions is January 10, 2018
Post questions about this challenge here.
In September, 22-year-old Scott Zeilinski sued the owner and staff of Nick's Short Stop Party Store in Clinton Township, Michigan, alleging that he was shot and wounded during a visit to the store.
Those allegations appear to be true. The likely problem for the plaintiff here is that he was robbing the store at the time.
Zeilinski was convicted of armed robbery for the incident, which took place in November 2007. According to court records, Zeilinski came into the store wearing a mask and brandishing a knife, which he reportedly held to the employees' throats while threatening to kill them. After he got some cash and cigarettes (hey, smokes are expensive these days), he started to make his way out of the store, still making threats. One of the clerks grabbed a gun and shot Zeilinski twice.
Zeilinski, who is serving an 8-to-22-year sentence, has now sued and is demanding upwards of $125,000 for the pain, suffering, and emotional distress inflicted on him by the people he had just robbed. He will probably argue that the force used was disproportionate since he "only" had a knife and was, apparently, shot in the back. Those facts make it a little reminiscent of a case I wrote about in 2006, in which a man sued AutoZone and two of its employees for injuries he incurred while robbing them. There, the robber had the gun, but the employees managed to take it away from him and then merrily beat him with a pipe as he was running away. He argued they should have stopped hitting him once the robbery ended.
I have never robbed anyone or been robbed, but I would guess that it's not always that clear when a robbery has actually ended, so I would not have a problem with them erring on the side of some additional beating. I mean, you never know when the guy might get up and start robbing you again.
Michigan, like many other states, has what are sometimes called "stand your ground" laws intended to aid the defendant in cases like these. But whether or not Zeilinski's claim is legally barred, its jury appeal is, shall we say, limited.
Link: WXYZ.com (Detroit)
The Fed and Lehman Brothers: A new narrative
Laurence Ball
Much of the damage from the Great Recession is attributed to the Federal Reserve's failure to rescue Lehman Brothers when it hit troubled waters in September 2008. It has been argued that the Fed's decision was based on legal constraints. This column questions that view, arguing that the Fed did have the legal authority to save Lehman, but it did not do so due to political considerations.
In 2008, liquidity crises threatened the survival of many of the large financial institutions in the US. The Federal Reserve rescued firms such as Bear Stearns and AIG with emergency loans, but it did not rescue Lehman Brothers when a run on that firm left it without enough cash to operate. Lehman declared bankruptcy on 15 September 2008, leading to a dramatic acceleration of the Global Crisis.
Why didn't the Fed rescue Lehman?
Students of the financial crisis have suggested a number of factors, including political opposition to ‘bailout' of Wall Street firms, policymakers' concern that moral hazard was encouraging reckless risk-taking, and failure to anticipate the damage that Lehman's bankruptcy would do to the financial system and economy.
Yet Fed officials insist that none of these factors is relevant. The people in charge in 2008, from Ben Bernanke down, have said repeatedly that they knew Lehman's failure would be disastrous and wanted to prevent it, but could not do so because they lacked the legal authority.
When the Fed lends to a financial institution, the Federal Reserve Act requires “satisfactory” collateral to protect the Fed if the borrower defaults. In Lehman's case, according to Bernanke (2009), “[T]he company's available collateral fell well short of the amount needed to secure a Federal Reserve loan of sufficient size to meet its funding needs. As the Federal Reserve cannot make an unsecured loan... the firm's failure was, unfortunately, unavoidable”.
According to Bernanke (2010), “[T]he only way we could have saved Lehman would have been by breaking the law, and I'm not sure I'm willing to accept those consequences for the Federal Reserve and for our systems of laws. I just don't think that would be appropriate”.
An alternative narrative
In a recent monograph, I seek to set the record straight on why the Fed did not rescue Lehman Brothers (Ball 2016). To that end, I examine in detail the voluminous record on the firm's bankruptcy, much of it from investigations by the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission and the Examiner for the bankruptcy court. Both of these authorities had subpoena power, and they interviewed hundreds of people and gathered documents and emails from Fed officials and Lehman executives.
I conclude that officials' explanation for the non-rescue of Lehman is incorrect, in two senses.
First, a perceived lack of legal authority was not the reason for the Fed's inaction; and
Second, the Fed did in fact have the authority to rescue Lehman.
I base these broad conclusions on several findings, given below.
First, before the bankruptcy, Fed staff extensively analysed Lehman's liquidity risk and how the Fed might assist the firm. In the record of these discussions, there is little concern about the adequacy of Lehman's collateral, and nobody suggests that legal issues might preclude a Fed loan.
Second, arguments about legal authority made by policymakers since the bankruptcy are unpersuasive. These arguments involve flawed economic reasoning, such as confusion between the concepts of illiquidity and insolvency. They also include factual claims that are not supported by evidence. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission repeatedly asked Ben Bernanke for details about Lehman's collateral problem, but Bernanke was unresponsive.
Further, from a de novo examination of Lehman's finances, it is clear that the firm had ample collateral for a loan to meet its liquidity needs. In particular, I estimate that Lehman could have survived with $88 billion of overnight lending from the Fed's Primary Dealer Credit Facility (PDCF), and the firm had at least $131 billion of assets that were acceptable as PDCF collateral.
Also, Fed officials did not stand by passively as Lehman failed, but rather took action to ensure that the firm filed for bankruptcy. Specifically, the Fed denied access to the PDCF to Lehman's broker-dealer subsidiary in London, forcing that part of the firm into default. (A week later, the Fed granted PDCF access to the London broker-dealers of Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs.)
Finally, the Fed took on more risk in rescuing Bear Stearns and AIG than it would have if it rescued Lehman. In the case of AIG, the collateral accepted by the Fed included equity in privately-held insurance companies, which is hard to value. The collateral might have been worth less than the $85 billion that AIG borrowed.
What could have been
Liquidity support from the Fed would have bought time for Lehman to seek a long-term resolution of its crisis. We will never know what the outcome would have been, but one possibility is that Lehman would have been acquired by the British bank Barclays. Barclays and Lehman made a tentative acquisition deal before the bankruptcy, but the deal was held up at the last minute by problems with British regulators. With time, these problems might have been resolved and the Barclays deal completed.
Alternatively, Lehman might have survived as an independent firm. This outcome would have been likely if Lehman succeeded with a plan to spin off some of its assets to a real estate investment trust. At worst, Lehman would have proven unviable and eventually been forced to wind down its business. An orderly wind down, however, would have avoided much of the damage to the financial system from Lehman's abrupt bankruptcy filing.
Concluding remarks
If legal constraints do not explain the non-rescue of Lehman, then what does? The available evidence supports the theories that political considerations were important, and that policymakers did not fully anticipate the damage from the bankruptcy. The record also shows that the decision not to save Lehman was made primarily by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson. Fed officials deferred to Paulson even though they had sole authority to make the decision under the Federal Reserve Act.
References
Ball, L (2016), “The Fed and Lehman Brothers”, Johns Hopkins University
Bernanke, B (2009), “Reflections on a Year of Crisis,” Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City Jackson Hole Conference, 21 August
Bernanke, B (2010), Testimony before the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, 2 September
Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission (2011), Report, with supporting documents
Valukas, A (2010), Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. Chapter 11 Proceedings Examiner Report, with supporting documents
Go to Competent Intelligence Super Saiyan Trunks (GT)
Go to Robot Met in Space Giru
Go to Traveling Companion Giru
Go to Drive to Evolve Super Saiyan 4 Goku
Go to Fierce Super Elite Vegeta
Go to Showdown Unbound Majin Vegeta
Go to Undefeatable Clash Super Saiyan 2 Goku (Angel)
Go to Life-Risking Super Attack Goku (Kaioken)
Go to Confident Achievement Super Saiyan Trunks (GT)
Go to Astounding Flash Super Saiyan 2 Goku (GT)
Go to Indomitable Awakening Super Saiyan 4 Vegeta
Go to Super Decisive Battle Super Saiyan 4 Vegeta
Go to Saiyan's Invincibility Super Saiyan 4 Vegeta
Go to Miracle Awakening Super Saiyan 4 Goku
Go to The Struggle for Liberty Super Saiyan 4 Goku
Go to Saiyan's Peak of Power Super Saiyan 4 Goku
Go to Flapping Wings in Space Pan (GT) (Honey)
Go to Eternal Pedigree Vegeta Jr.
Go to Acceded Saiyan Youth Super Saiyan Vegeta Jr.
Go to Majin's Power Unleashed Uub (Teen)
Go to History's Most Tragic Revenge Baby Vegeta
Go to The Power of Tuffle Evolution Super Baby 1
Go to The Ultimate Wicked Lifeform Super Baby 2 (Giant Ape)
Go to The Dawn of a New Adventure Goku (GT) & Pan (GT) & Trunks (GT)
Go to Fierce Fight on a Strange Planet Goku (GT) & Pan (GT) & Trunks (GT)
Go to An Ongoing Adventure Goku (GT) & Pan (GT) & Trunks (GT)
Go to Aggregation of Everyone's Wishes Goku (GT)
Go to Tyrannical Despot Frieza (Final Form)
Go to Saiyan Outcast Broly
Go to Low-Class Warrior Exiled to Earth Goku
Go to Prince of the Lost Planet Vegeta
Go to The Power of a God Unleashed Super Saiyan God SS Vegeta
Go to The Most Malevolent Ever Golden Frieza
Go to Fury and Battle Instinct Super Saiyan Broly
Go to Becoming a Furious God Super Saiyan God SS Goku
Go to Vengeful Survivor Paragus
Go to Troublesome Father and Son Paragus & Broly
Go to Warrior in Exile Broly
Go to Unusual Evolution Broly (Wrathful)
Go to Rapid Clash Super Saiyan Vegeta
Go to Devastating Fighting Spirit of God Super Saiyan God Vegeta
Go to Intensifying Battle Super Saiyan Goku
Go to God's Effortless Controlling Aura Super Saiyan God Goku
Go to Wrathful Saiyan Super Saiyan Broly
Go to Endless Evolution of the Warrior Race Super Saiyan Broly
Go to Warrior Born from Light Super Saiyan Gogeta
Go to Transcendent Fusion Super Saiyan Gogeta
Go to Gurumes Warrioress Pasta
Go to The Adventure Begins Goku (Youth)
Go to To a World of Excitement Goku (Youth)
Go to Uncontrollable Instinct Buu (Kid)
Go to The Supreme Warrior Super Gogeta
Go to Extreme Z-Battle: The Supreme Warrior Super Gogeta
Go to Curse of the Blood Rubies
Go to Advent of Omnipotence
Go to The Greatest Adversary of All
Go to Extreme Z-Battle: Saiyan Outcast Broly
Go to Dragon Ball Super: Broly
Go to Extreme Z-Battle: Heartless Destruction Buu (Kid)
Go to The Inimitable Fusion
Go to Pure Destruction and Carnage
Go to Universe's Strongest?! Challenge the "Great Pontas"!
Go to Wrath of the Dragon
Go to Galactic Crisis Super Guy in the Galaxy
Go to Give it a Dokkan! Punch Machine!
Go to The 5th Virtual Dokkan Ultimate Clash
Go to Ginyu Force Special Training All Open
Go to Speed Battle
Go to Boss Rush
Go to Events Dokkan
Go to Events Strike
Go to Pan's Secret Adventure
Go to Events Hidden Potential
Go to Hercule's World Tournament
Go to Countless Awakening Medals! Battle for Awakening Medals
Go to Turtle School Training
Go to Training at Korin Tower
Go to Training in the Clouds
Go to Enough Talk... Time for an Epic Showdown!! 1 of 27
Residents of the Atikamekw community of Manawan, Que., are in shock after learning two preschool-aged brothers were brutally beaten, allegedly by older children on the reserve.
The brothers, three and five years old, were in a playground close to a daycare in Manawan in the Lanaudière region, about 180 kilometres north of Joliette, at around 6 p.m. ET Tuesday.
It's alleged the brothers were beaten by children ranging in age from six to 10.
The two suffered serious injuries and were taken to hospitals outside the community.
The condition of the five-year-old, who was flown by helicopter to Joliette Hospital, has stabilized. The three-year-old, who was rushed to Montreal's Sainte-Justine Hospital, underwent emergency lung surgery and was in critical condition.
People are in shock right now. - Grand Chief Constant Awashish, Atikamekw Nation
Provincial youth protection services and the local Indigenous police force are handling the investigation, given the young age of the children linked to the beatings. No other details are immediately available.
According to a source who spoke to Radio-Canada, the three-year-old was forced to swallow sand, seriously damaging his lungs.
All the children are from Manawan. The source said the five-year-old boy had previously been bullied by one of the children alleged to have been involved in the lasted incident.
Band council leaders have set up a crisis centre to help anyone affected by the incident in the community of just under 2,200.
"There's youth protection services that's helping the family of the victim, as well as the perpetrators," said Grand Chief Constant Awashish of the Atikamekw Nation.
"Of course, it's something traumatizing for both parents, and even for the community.… I think people are in shock right now. I think everybody is gathering together the information, to get their spirit together, to figure out what's next with how they are going to deal with it as a community."
Updated: 20 September 2017 09:55
MINECRAFT END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
In order to protect Minecraft (our "Game") and the members of our community, we need these end user license terms to set out some rules for downloading and using our Game. This license is a legal agreement between you and us (Mojang AB) and describes the terms and conditions for using the Game. We don't like reading license documents any more than you do, so we have tried to keep this as short as possible. If you break these rules we may stop you from using our Game. If we think it is necessary, we might even have to ask our lawyers to help out.
If you buy, download, use or play our Game, you are agreeing to stick to the rules of these end user license agreement ("EULA") terms. If you don't want to or can't agree to these rules, then you must not buy, download, use or play our Game. This EULA incorporates the terms of use for the mojang.com website ("Account Terms"), our brand and asset usage guidelines, our privacy policy, and, if you live in the United States, our Arbitration Agreement. By agreeing to this EULA you also agree to all of the terms of the foregoing documents, so please read through them carefully.
BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER IF YOU LIVE IN THE UNITED STATES
For those that who live in the United States, please click here to review the binding arbitration agreement and class action waiver that is part of this EULA. Under the agreement, we both agree to use a neutral arbitrator to decide any individual claims that may arise and thus agree to waive our rights to bring individual claims in court for consideration by a judge or jury. We also agree that class action lawsuits and class-wide arbitrations are not allowed under the terms of the agreement.
The complete Arbitration Agreement is on this page. You and we agree to it; please read it.
ONE MAJOR RULE
The one major rule is that you must not distribute anything we've made unless we specifically agree to it. By "distribute anything we've made" what we mean is:
give copies of our Game to anyone else;
make commercial use of anything we've made;
try to make money from anything we've made; or
let other people get access to anything we've made in a way that is unfair or unreasonable;
unless we specifically agree to it. And so that we are crystal clear, "the Game" or "what we have made" includes, but is not limited to, the client or the server software for our Game and includes Minecraft and Minecraft: Java Edition on all platforms. It also includes updates, patches, downloadable content, add-ons, or modified versions of a Game, part of those things, or anything else we've made.
Otherwise we are quite relaxed about what you do - in fact we really encourage you to do cool stuff - but just don't do those things that we say you can't.
USING OUR GAME
You have been granted a license to the Game so you can play and use it, yourself, on your devices.
Below we also give you limited rights to do other things but we have to draw a line somewhere or else people will go too far. If you wish to make something pertaining to anything we've made we're humbled, but please make sure that it can't be interpreted as being official and that it complies with this EULA and the brand and asset usage guidelines and above all do not make commercial use of anything we've made.
The license and permission we give you to use and play our Game can be revoked if you break any of the terms of this EULA.
When you buy our Game, you receive a license that gives you permission to install the Game on your own personal device and use and play it on that device as set out in this EULA. This permission is personal to you, so you are not allowed to distribute the Game (or any part of it) to anyone else. This also means you cannot sell or rent the Game, or make it available for access to other people and you cannot pass on or resell any license keys. You may however give gift codes that have been bought through our official gift code system. This is important to help us stop piracy and fraud and to protect our Game. It is also important to prevent members of our community from buying pirated versions of our Game or fraudulent license keys - which we may cancel, such as in the case of fraud.
If you've bought the Game, you may play around with it and modify it by adding modifications, tools, or plugins, which we will refer to collectively as "Mods." By "Mods," we mean something original that you or someone else created that doesn't contain a substantial part of our copyrightable code or content. When you combine your Mod with the Minecraft software, we will call that combination a "Modded Version" of the Game. We have the final say on what constitutes a Mod and what doesn't. You may not distribute any Modded Versions of our Game or software, and we'd appreciate it if you didn't use Mods for griefing. Basically, Mods are okay to distribute; hacked versions or Modded Versions of the Game client or server software are not okay to distribute.
Within reason you're free to do whatever you want with screenshots and videos of the Game. By "within reason" we mean that you can't make any commercial use of them or do things that are unfair or adversely affect our rights unless we've specifically said it's okay in this EULA, allowed it through the Brand and Asset Usage Guidelines, or provided for it in a specific agreement with you. If you upload videos of the game to video sharing and streaming sites you are however allowed to put ads on them. Also, don't just rip art resources and pass them around, that's no fun.
Essentially the simple rule is do not make commercial use of anything we've made unless we've specifically said it's okay. Oh and if the law expressly allows it, such as under a "fair use" or fair dealing" doctrine then that's ok too - but only to the extent that the law applicable to you says so.
In order to ensure the integrity of the Game, we need all Game downloads and updates to come from an authorized source. It's also important for us that 3rd party tools/services don't seem "official" as we can't guarantee their quality. It's part of the responsibility we have to the customers of Minecraft. Make sure that you read through our brand and asset usage guidelines too.
OWNERSHIP OF OUR GAME AND OTHER THINGS
Although we license you permission to install on your device and play our Game, we are still the owners of it. We are also the owners of our brands and any content contained in the Game. Therefore, when you pay for our Game, you are buying a license to play / use our Game in accordance with this EULA - you are not buying the Game itself. The only permissions you have in connection with the Game and your installation of it are the permissions set out in this EULA.
Any Mods you create for the Game from scratch belong to you (including pre-run Mods and in-memory Mods) and you can do whatever you want with them, as long as you don't sell them for money / try to make money from them and so long as you don't distribute Modded Versions of the Game. Remember that a Mod means something that is your original work and that does not contain a substantial part of our code or content. You only own what you created; you do not own our code or content.
CONTENT
If you make any content available on or through our Game, you agree to give us permission to use, copy, modify, adapt, distribute, and publicly display that content. This permission is irrevocable, and you also agree to let us permit other people to use, copy, modify, adapt, distribute, and publicly display your content. You are not giving up your ownership rights in your content, you are just giving us and other users permission to use it. For example, we may need to copy, reformat, and distribute content that you post on our website so others can read it. If you don't want to give us these permissions, do not make content available on or through our Game. Please think carefully before you make any content available, because it may be made public and might even be used by other people in a way you don't like.
If you are going to make something available on or through our Game, it must not be offensive to people or illegal, it must be honest, and it must be your own creation. Some examples of the types of things you must not make available using our Game include: posts that include racist or homophobic language; posts that are bullying or trolling; posts that are offensive or that damage our or another person's reputation; posts that include porn or someone else's creation or image; or posts that impersonate a moderator or try to trick or exploit people.
Any content you make available on our Game must also be your creation or you must have permission or the legal right to do it. You must not and you agree that you will not make any content available, using the Game that infringes the rights of others. '
We reserve the right to take down any content in our discretion.
Please watch out if you are talking to people in our Game. It is hard for either you or us to know for sure that what people say is true, or even if people are really who they say they are. You should think twice about giving out information about yourself.
We might make upgrades, updates or patches (we call them all "updates") available from time to time, but we don't have to. We are also not obliged to provide ongoing support or maintenance of any Game. Of course, we hope to continue to release new updates for our Game, we just can't guarantee that we will do so. With updates come changes that might not work well with other software, such as Mods. This is unfortunate, but it is something we don't take responsibility for. If that is the case, try running an older version.
OUR LIABILITY, GOVERNING LAW, AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES
The terms of this EULA do not affect any legal (statutory) rights that you may have under the law that applies to you for the Game. You might have certain rights which the law that applies to you says cannot be excluded. Nothing we say in these terms will affect those legal rights, even if we say something which sounds like it contradicts your legal rights. That's what we mean when we say “subject to applicable law”.
SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, When you get a copy of our Game, we provide it "'as is"'. Updates are also provided "'as is"'. This means that we are not making any promises to you about the standard or quality of our Game, or that our Game will be uninterrupted or error free. We are not responsible for any loss or damage that it may cause. You bear the entire risk as to its quality and performance. You have to accept that we may release games well before they are complete and so they may (and often will) have bugs -but we prefer to release these features early than make you wait for perfection. If you would like to notify us about a potential bug, we have a site for that here.
If you and we ever have a dispute in court (and we hope that won't happen just as much as you do), the exclusive forum (that is, the place it will be handled) will be a state or federal court in King County, WA (if you live in the United States) or a court in Ontario (if you live in Canada). (If you live in the United States, most disputes go to arbitration, not court.) The laws of your state or province govern this EULA and all disputes, including disputes relating to it, our Game, or our Website, regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the Federal Arbitration Act governs everything related to arbitration.
TERMINATION
If we want we can terminate this EULA if you breach any of the terms. You can terminate it too, at any time; all you have to do is uninstall the Game from your device and the EULA will be terminated. If the EULA is terminated, you will no longer have any of the rights to the Game given in this license. You do still have the right to things you have created yourself with the game of course. The Arbitration Agreement (if you live in the United States) and the paragraphs about "Ownership of Our Game", "Our Liability" and "General Stuff" will continue to apply even after the EULA is terminated.
GENERAL STUFF
Your local law may give you rights that this EULA cannot change; if so, this EULA applies as far as the law allows. Nothing in this license limits our liability for death or bodily injury resulting from our negligence or fraudulent misrepresentations.
We may change this EULA from time to time, if we have reason to, such as changes to our games, our practices, or our legal obligation. But those changes will be effective only to the extent that they can legally apply. For example if you use the Game only in single-player mode and don't use the updates we make available then the old EULA applies but if you do use the updates or use parts of the game that rely on our providing ongoing online services then the new EULA will apply. In that case we'll inform you of the change before it takes effect, either by posting a notice on our Website or by other reasonable means. We're not going to be unfair about this though - but sometimes the law changes or someone does something that affects other users of the Game and we therefore need to put a lid on it.
If you come to us with a suggestion for any one of our Websites or Games, that suggestion is made for free and we have no obligation to accept or consider it. This means we can use or not use your suggestion in any way we want and we don't have to pay you for it. If you think you have a suggestion that we would be willing to pay you for, please do not submit your suggestion unless you have first told us you expect to be paid and we have responded in writing by asking you to submit the suggestion.
The 56-year-old comedian and actor arrived in Sweden just over a week ago to play a few rounds with his pro-golfer friend Jeff Sluman, according to the newspaper.
On Sunday evening, Murray hit the town with some golfers who had participated in the Scandinavian Masters tournament. When the evening's festivities at Café Opera drew to a close, he hopped into a golf cart and made a beeline for his hotel.
Soon however police asked the American actor to pull over when they suspected that he may have been driving the buggy while under the influence of alcohol.
But the star of films such as 'Ghostbusters', 'Lost in Translation' and golf comedy 'Caddyshack' refused to take a breath test and was taken to Norrmalm police station in the north of the city.
"Bill Murray refused to blow into the breathalyzer in town, making reference to American laws. He was then brought in to the police station but he still didn't want to blow into the breathalyzer.
"He was adamant that he wanted to take a blood test," police spokesman Christer Holmlund told Dagens Nyheter.
The officer, who described Murray as "very pleasant", added that he had never before come across a golf cart in the city centre during his thirty years in the force.
Murray was not formally arrested however and was permitted to leave the station after leaving a blood sample.
The results of the test will be ready in two weeks. Murray is understood by Dagens Nyheter to have given a police officer clearance to represent him during any future court proceedings.
An eyewitness spoke to Expressen about Murray's erratic behaviour.
"He was driving very, very slowly on the footpath along Birger Jarlsgatan. He took a break for a while at a 7-Eleven before driving on home to the Hotell Anglais."
As you may well know, nearly all disco balls are made right here in Louisville by Omega National Products. It's a point of civic pride. Nowadays, Omega National Products is known for its cabinetry and only whips up a dozen or so disco balls a week. Back in its heyday during the disco era, that number was in the thousands.
But the record holder for the largest disco ball ever created? Is it in Louisville?
No, for some strange reason, that honor belongs to the Isle of Wight in England. The Guinness World Record-holder was honored in 2014 and comes in at 33 feet.
Well, a “group of rag-tag Louisvillians” are looking to rectify that. According to the website World's Largest Disco Ball Y'all, “Our group's vision is to create a disco ball that measures 67 feet, more than doubling the current world record. This landmark would then be gifted to the city of Louisville.”
The World's Largest Disco Ball Y'all is holding a fundraiser for the project on Saturday, Aug. 15, at Headliners, starring retro band Tony & the Tanlines. Tickets are $10 and available online.
Disco balls started appearing in ballrooms and dance halls in the late 1890s; they were called mirror balls or glitter balls. The current record holder, the Isle of Wight disco ball, was commissioned for a four-day music festival by musician and producer Nile Rogers so he could host “the world's largest disco party.”
We reached out to the “rag-tag Louisvillians” via email, and here's what they had to say:
Insider Louisville: How did this idea come about?
A little over five years ago, a small group of friends began organizing SHERBY, a Highlands neighborhood one-day Derby Eve music festival benefiting local nonprofits Volunteers of America and Mama to Mama. This event grew from just over a hundred friends, families and neighbors its inaugural year to over 1,000 this past May. The event is staged on the front porch of a residential home on Sherwood Avenue and has many unique features year to year, including fire baton twirlers, Squallis Puppeteers, fog bubbles and more lights than you can shake a stick at.
One of the most simple yet symbolic features of this party has always been the 3-feet in diameter disco ball that is spinning and suspended over the sidewalk and centered to the stage. A reoccurring topic amongst these friends and event planners is the need for a larger disco ball, and we have concluded the community will agree that, as the historically the largest producer of disco balls, Louisville should be home to the World's Largest Disco Ball! Our hope is that this disco ball will exemplify the energy, innovation, passion and wonderful weirdness we know exists in our great city.
IL: Who's involved?
There is a 16-member board that represents a cross-section of professional skills from construction, engineering, legal, business development, nonprofit development, IT, graphic design, and marketing. The committee formally began meeting on this topic in early 2015 and received initial startup funds and administrative support from the local property management company Alltrade Service Solutions. Since then, development and construction committees have been formed and have developed a Phase 1 plan that includes engaging the community in this conversation, beginning with the Kick-Off Party at Headliners Music Hall on Aug. 15. In addition to Alltrade Service Solutions and Headliners, early support has been garnered from River City Networks and Production Simple. The Louisville Downtown Partnership will be serving as our fiscal agent.
IL: What are the engineering logistics of making this thing? Who do you think will make it?
Where do we start!? Weight is definitely going to be the biggest obstacle. We are currently in multiple conversations with engineers and metal fabricators who feel confident they can do the job. There are multiple possibilities on the construction, but we must find the most cost efficient and structurally sound strategy. In an effort to solidify the hard costs, engage the community and potential partners, and have an early win, our committee has decided to first build Kentucky's Largest Disco Ball (self-proclaimed). This ball will be 11 feet in diameter and will serve not only as a prototype but build marketing and fundraising momentum for the long-term goal of building the World's Largest Disco Ball in Louisville.
Another key ingredient, and something that is very important to our committee, is a fundraising strategy that provides opportunities and support to other local nonprofits. Most on our committee have either a direct or strong indirect affiliation with other great causes and organizations in the community and have no shortage in ideas of how to engage the social service, arts and educational nonprofits in this effort! The biggest component from our perspective will be community engagement and support. We feel this is a win-win-win-win opportunity!
IL: I would think weight would be a huge hurdle; what do you think it will hang from?
Weight will be a huge hurdle! Previous records have suspended the disco ball from multiple cranes, and spotlights were placed on building rooftops to illuminate the ball … When will the bridge be done?
IL: Does your board have a particular place they hope Louisville will put the ball?
We are obviously in the early stages of engaging the community and really hope for not only everyone's support but everyone's ideas! We definitely think the ball would have economic development potential wherever it lands, both from the perspective of tourism and regional branding. That said, there would be costs associated with housing/maintaining such a massive structure, so we are very open to other locations temporary or permanent.
Our preference is definitely downtown Louisville for the unveiling, but there are a lot of great spots to consider for permanent display, including the thriving West End, the Mega Cavern, Funtown Mountain — we would even be open to unveiling it at Forecastle and sending it on the festival circuit with AC Entertainment.
IL: How much are you looking to raise?
We are confident that $10,000 will enable our committee to partner with an engineer and metal fabricator to construct Kentucky's Largest Disco Ball and provide the plans and costs to build the World's Largest Disco Ball in Louisville.
Close
Target will restock its shelves with Fallout 4's Nuka Cola Quantum starting Dec. 18.
The American retailer will have a supply of Nuka Cola Quantum later this week and will list it for $2.99. The announcement came via Bethesda's Fallout 4 Twitter page.
Next week: Quantum returns to @Target! Purchase for $2.99 or get free w/ Fallout 4 or Xbox Season Pass purchase. pic.twitter.com/Nmjr1UdsMT — Fallout (@Fallout) December 12, 2015
According to @AskTarget's reply to an inquiry, only in-store purchases of the game or the Xbox season pass will qualify for a free Nuka Cola Quantum. It was followed up with more specifics regarding the availability.
@ReaperPlaysTv Nuka Cola will be free with a Fallout 4 or Xbox Season Pass purchase in store only. This will not be available for orders. — AskTarget (@AskTarget) December 14, 2015
@billvinson We're expecting a shipment next weekend! Stock will be limited, more to come! Thanks! — AskTarget (@AskTarget) December 13, 2015
Target included in its Weekly Ad that the free Quantum bonus also applies to a game or season pass purchase for both the Xbox and PS4. Although, the freebie Quantum drink will be limited to two per customer.
However, the bigger problem is the limited supply of the drink, along with the uncertainty of whether Target Stores outside the U.S. will receive stocks of the Nuka Cola Quantum.
@Fallout @Target will there be enough? Last time there was enough for one person. — Gallifrey (@galligal) December 12, 2015
Some commenters on the main post alleged that Target employees buy all of the Nuka Cola Quantums before any customer can. Some of those who got a pack of the highly-sought-after drink list them on eBay for a pretty penny.
The Nuka Cola Quantum is a rebranding of the berry lemonade variant by Jones Soda, a Seattle-based soda manufacturer.
According to the game's lore, the bright blue drink is introduced as a creation of John-Caleb Bradberton, who packed the drink with carbs, calories, caffeine, flavor and some strontium-90 for radiation. Players get a boost for a few minutes while consuming the rare drink.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
When Cody Cropper was down and out last summer, Minnesota United welcomed the goalkeeper in and helped build him back up.
Cropper, who spent half his childhood in Maple Grove, had seriously injured his shoulder with English lower-division club Milton Keynes Dons in April, and the club then declined his contract option in May.
Still without a team in July, Cropper was invited to rehab on the side as Loons players trained for North American Soccer League games at the National Sports Center in Blaine.
“It's just great for an athlete to be in that environment instead of locked away and isolated,” Cropper told the Pioneer Press.
But Cropper, 24, had plenty of high-quality experience, with U.S. youth national teams and three years with Southampton in the Premier League. Was United angling to sign Cropper to be the expansion franchise's goalie in Major League Soccer in their debut season? Related Articles Minnesota United counting on Ike Opara to be leader and defensive upgrade
Minnesota United will have company. Here's what's up with 5 tenants moving in near Allianz Field.
Minnesota United's starting lineup now ‘on equal footing' with MLS competition
Minnesota United to play Hertha Berlin in international friendly
New goalie Vito Mannone leaves Loons to address immigration paperwork in England
Last summer, Cropper expressed desire to play for Minnesota, and United had some interest in Cropper's potential. But the New England Revolution set up a road block by putting Cropper on its Discovery List, an MLS mechanism to place dibs on players outside the league.
New England signed Cropper in August, and the rangy, 6-foot-4 goalie is expected to start in net when the Revolution (0-2-0) face Minnesota (0-2-1) at 1 p.m. Saturday in Foxboro, Mass.
Cropper has gotten the playing time he sought by returning to the U.S., starting each of the Revs' games (two saves, three goals).
Cropper moved from Atlanta to Maple Grove when he was 10, then left the west metro suburb before his junior year of high school to join lower-level English club Ipswich Town in 2010.
During his six-season run in England, Cropper had concussions, knee injuries and a major shoulder injury. He has been tested by durability questions and heard the same message from English goalkeeping coaches.
“All of them said, ‘Cody, you need games. Go back and you need to be playing, regardless of what the contract looks like or what the situation looks like,' ” Cropper said.
The situation looked rough when Cropper returned to Minnesota last summer. He had reconstructive surgery to repair his labrum and reattach his bicep. But being around fellow soccer players helped improve his mood during his rehab process with Loons then-head athletic trainer Yoshiyuki Ono and members of Twin Cities Orthopedics.
United forward Christian Ramirez became friends with Cropper as they worked on parallel tracks last season. Ramirez said Cropper was quiet at first, but his sense of humor was soon revealed.
Ramirez and other Loons players that made the jump from NASL to MLS reconnected with Cropper during the teams' preseason trip to Casa Grade, Ariz., in January.
“I obviously think I'm going to keep a clean sheet and shut Christian down,” Cropper said.
Ramirez, tied for the Loons' lead with two goals through three games, has other ideas. “If I get one past him, he'll never hear the end of it,” he said.
Focused on his new team, Cropper still hasn't given up on a dream of playing in England.
“I look at it now that it was the right decision (to come to New England), but my goal is to still go back to England and play back there,” Cropper said. “I'm focused on the Revolution and winning games and winning championships here, but I can look back on that and say that I had an experience of a lifetime, living abroad at 17 or 18 all the way up to 24. Not a lot of kids get to do that.”
Students at the institution's Pietermaritzburg campus demonstrated this morning, disrupting lectures.
JOHANNESBURG - The University of KwaZulu-Natal (UKZN) has suspended all academic activity at its Pietermaritzburg campus due to Fees Must Fall protests.
Students at the institution demonstrated this morning, disrupting lectures.
Last week, the commission into free higher education heard submissions from role players in the sector.
The council for higher education recommended an across the board inflation-related increase for universities in 2017, which sparked anger from student bodies.
UKZN spokesperson Lesiba Seshoka says classes at the university have been suspended until Wednesday.
"The academic programme for today and tomorrow for Pietermaritzburg [has been suspended] to give the students that are protesting an opportunity to engage management, so that we come to understand what their real issues are."
LISTEN: More student protests over fees ahead?
Meanwhile, Higher Education Minister Blade Nzimande says his department is consulting with other sectors about whether it's possible to avoid a fee hike next year, warning that the system could collapse if careful consideration isn't taken.
He says his department will hopefully make recommendations, by the end of the month, on the feasibility of free tertiary education in South Africa.
At last week's commission of inquiry, the council for higher education recommended an across the board inflation-related increase, at universities, in 2017.
Nzimande says it's important that the education system is sustainable.
"We have to also ensure that there's stability in the system; that is why we are sympathetic to what the students are saying - there's no doubt about that. The issue here is the modality and how we do this in such way that we don't cut our nose to spite our face."
STUDENT FINANCE DISCUSSION OLDER THAN 'FEES MUST FALL' MOVEMENT
At the same time, a Rhodes University lecturer says student finance has been an issue long before the Fees Must Fall protests.
Some student bodies have reacted to the news by threatening nationwide protests and two KwaZulu-Natal institutions have reportedly already been shut down.
Speaking to the John Maytham show, Rhodes lecturer Nomalanga Mkhize says students can't be blamed for funding concerns.
"Way before the protests of Fees Must Fall, we were already talking about the issues of sustainability because our universities are growing in size and a large portion of students can't afford the fees."
For the past 20 years, Nathan Hawkins has been working with snakes in the small Texas town of Buffalo Gap.
So when Hawkins, the owner of Big Country Snake Removal, received a frantic call from a family in Abilene, Texas, about a rattlesnake peaking its head out of a toilet — he thought it was “very unusual,” but not something he couldn't handle.
“They're actually very, very amazing creatures that are really misunderstand,” Hawkins told CBS News. “There are irrational fears around them.”
Nathan Hawkins, owner of Big Country Snake Removal, shares photos of his unusual catch at a family's house in Abilene, Texas. Big Country Snake Removal
But to young Isac Mcfadden, who simply got up to use the bathroom Tuesday morning, the snake was an unwelcome surprise.
The little boy's mom told her son to grab a shovel, and when he returned with the tool, she killed it.
Hawkins was surprised to find a dead snake upon his arrival, but he removed it from the toilet bowl and asked the family if he could do a quick house inspection to give them peace of mind.
“Just because you can't see them, doesn't mean they aren't there,” Nathan Hawkins, owner of Big Country Snake Removal in Texas, says. Big Country Snake Removal
“It's kind of intuition,” Hawkins said. “If you do this long enough, you kind of understand snakes and what they do during certain times of the year.”
The first place Hawkins looked: an old storm cellar. Sure enough, he found 13 snakes huddled in the corner.
“With rattlesnakes, western diamondbacks in particular, they're real communal animals during cooler months,” Hawkins explained. “They tend to live together in dens.”
But Hawkins' search didn't stop there. He then got down on his hands and knees and crawled around underneath the house. When he spotted a corner with old sheet metal, he predicted he would find another den.
With a flashlight in one hand and a snake tong in the other, he caught another 10 rattlesnakes — 5 babies — in that location, adding up to 24 snakes in total.
To outsiders, that number may sound high. But to Hawkins, it's just another day's work.
Over the course of a year, since Hawkins opened his snake removal business, he has caught several hundred snakes.
He fields about 50 to 75 calls a day. Some people call to ask questions, others request help with a snake on their property. Either way, Hawkins encourages residents who encounter a snake to “leave it alone” and phone an expert.
“I would say 90 percent of snake bites occur when someone's trying to harm the snake,” Hawkins said.
Hawkins is proud that his business does not kill any of the creatures they catch. Instead, he relocates the snakes or donates them to local colleges to study.
“I get to keep snakes alive that would typically end up with a gunshot wound,” Hawkins said.
Sean Hannity Takes on Glenn Beck and #NeverTrump Turncoats: You Will ‘Own' Hillary's Failures For Sabotaging Trump
Conservative stalwart Sean Hannity took on Glenn Beck and the #NeverTrump turncoats on his radio program on Tuesday.
Beck has made it his personal mission to sabotage Donald Trump's campaign going so far as to compare Donald Trump to Hitler.
The #NeverTrump elites have been campaigning for Hillary Clinton for months now.
Hannity has had enough.
Western Journalism reported:
Conservative TV and radio personality Sean Hannity has a message for Glenn Beck: If Hillary Clinton wins the election, the blood is on your hands. Commenting again on Beck's uncompromising disdain for Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and his campaign, Hannity went after the talk radio host — his former colleague at Fox News — as well as other Never Trump stalwarts within conservative media. “Let me just say to all of you. And that includes the commentator class. That includes the Jonah Goldberg class, that includes radio talk show hosts. Glenn Beck is like on a — it's a holy war for him at this point,” Hannity said on his radio show Tuesday. Saving his harshest words for Beck, Hannity continued: “Glenn Beck, I hope you're listening. You own Hillary Clinton's Supreme Court appointments. You own it! You are doing everything you can do to cast doubt in people's minds! Trump gave us a list. You own her Supreme Court nominees, you own her unvetted refugees and the 550 percent increase she will bring into this country. “You own the jobs that illegal immigrants will take from the 95 million Americans out of the labor force. You own Obamacare, which is a disaster for this country. And you are going to say, ‘Hannity, we blame you. You gave Donald Trump time on your show.' “You own her. You own every dumb thing she's about to do. I blame you. Got it? I'm going to name names regularly if she wins.”
There are various plans being circulated right now by Hill Democrats, laying out alternative frameworks for a Wall Street bailout.
We just obtained one from Rep. Brad Sherman (D-CA), a member of the House Financial Services Committee. According to Sherman's press secretary, the congressman just presented this proposal at a meeting with other members.
Sherman's plan covers all of the major points that Democrats have been insisting on — strong Congressional oversight of any agreement, limits on executive pay, protection for homeowners. It also adds some more provisions, including an economic stimulus, and a measure to make it easier and quicker for Congress to enact future corporate governance reform.
This morning, Rep. Sherman told The Hill, referring to the Bush administration's bailout proposal: “This is a bill for Wall Street, not a bill for Main Street.”
He added: “Wall Street and the administration are going all out to tell constituents, ‘Make your congressman vote for our bill, or your 401(k) [retirement plan] is toast.' ”
Sherman's complete proposal follows after the jump…Discussion Points on Bailout Plan
1) Supervision. The Secretary of the Treasury shall not enter into
any contracts or purchase agreements unless such contract or purchase
agreement is approved by a bipartisan three member Boards. Before we
pass the bill, Bush must unequivocally agree to appoint one person
selected by the Speaker and one selected by the Senate Majority Leader
to the Board. Asset purchase agreements of less than $1 billion and
service contracts providing for fees of less than $10 million are exempt
from this requirement.
2) Fast track for Regulatory & Corporate Governance Reform.
Throughout the 111th Congress, the Speaker of the House of
Representatives and the Majority Leader of the United States Senate,
shall have the following extraordinary power: to call up any bill
dealing with corporate governance and/or financial services reform under
the following rules: the bill shall be subject to limited debate,
followed by an up or down vote.
3) Tough Standards on Executive Compensation. Upon the sale of any
mortgage related asset to the United States Treasury by any corporation,
the following shall be applicable: any executive compensation contract
calling for compensation in excess of the amounts which are deductible
under Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m), is hereby void as against
public policy. No executive compensation agreement or practice shall be
engaged in by the selling entity, providing for compensation that is not
deductible under Internal Revenue Code 162(m). This provision is
applicable to the entity selling a mortgage related assets to the
Treasury and all affiliates of such entity. Affiliates is as defined in
Internal Revenue Code Section 1504.
4) US Investors Only: No mortgage related asset shall be purchased
under the bill unless it is established that such asset was owned on
September 20th, 2008, by an entity headquartered in the United States.
5) Obligation to invest in the United States. Any entity selling
assets under this bill to the United States must agree to invest the
proceeds of such sale in the United States for no less than 5 years.
6) Homeowner States Rights Not Preempted. The federal government
in its role as holder of any mortgage, shall have no greater rights via
the mortgagor than would a private entity owning said mortgage. The
federal government shall comply with all state and local laws which
protect such mortgagor, not withstanding any argument that the federal
government is exempt therefrom.
7) Reports to Congress. The reports to Congress required by
Section 4 of the Paulson Act shall be rendered every 2 weeks, for so
long as said act is effective.
8) Minority and small business contractors Buy American. At least
10% of the asset (in dollar volume) management contracts and advisor
contracts must be small enough that a firm of 100 or fewer staff could
perform the contract. Otherwise, minority and small business will be
effectively excluded. In contracting with private entities for services
regarding the acquisition and management of mortgage related assets, the
Secretary of the Treasury shall be bound by all applicable laws designed
to benefit minority-owned businesses, women-owned businesses, and small
businesses and shall be bound by all applicable “Buy American”
provisions.
9) Review. Section 8 of Secretary Paulson's proposal is deleted.
The actions by the Secretary shall be reviewable by administrative
agencies and courts of law as provided by existing law.
10) Homeowner protection/bankruptcy reform.
11) Economic Stimulus.
-Brad Sherman
Late Update: Sen. Chris Dodd's proposal, which would give
the U.S. Treasury an equity stake when it helps companies burdened by debt, is here.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 13, 2016, 10:49 PM GMT / Updated Sep. 13, 2016, 10:49 PM GMT By Maggie Fox
Florida health officials said Tuesday they found six new locally transmitted cases of Zika virus, bringing the state's count to 70 cases.
Florida Governor Rick Scott traveled to Washington D.C. Tuesday to lobby Congress for federal funding to fight the virus, and doctors repeated warnings that money's running out, even as more and more pregnant women seek testing to see if they have Zika infections.
Carlos Varas, a Miami-Dade County mosquito control inspector, uses a Golden Eagle blower to spray pesticide to kill mosquitos in the Miami Beach neighborhood as the county fights to control the Zika virus outbreak on August 24, 2016 in Miami Beach, Florida. Joe Raedle / Getty Images
“These are pregnant women who really want to know if their baby is at risk,” said Dr. Beth Bell of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. “Tests take time.” Bell said the CDC doesn't have any more cash to work on faster and better tests so that women don't have to wait for weeks to find out if they've been infected.
The Zika virus causes catastrophic birth defects, as well as neurological conditions in adults.
The Population Institute released a report Tuesday showing that the biggest threat of Zika is in states that provide the lowest levels of medical care to women who may become pregnant. “It's a cruel irony that the women most at risk of Zika are often the ones with the least access to reproductive health services,” said Population Institute president Bob Walker.
A new report from the Population Institute looks at how states potentially affected by Zika rank on reproductive health and rights Population Institute
“These are pregnant women who really want to know if their baby is at risk."
Congress has spent months dithering over Zika funding. President Barack Obama asked for $1.9 billion in emergency cash to fight the virus in February. Republicans who control both houses of Congress want to offer less, and Democrats have rejected bills that they say have unacceptable political extras written in.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell now says Zika funding is likely to be included as part of a last-minute spending measure called a continuing resolution. The federal budget year runs out at the end of September.
Related: Zika Affected Woman's Brain and Memory, Doctors Say
There's no agreement on a final budget, but a CR, as the measure is called, would provide three months of funding so the federal government does not have to close — something that last happened in 2013.
Federal health officials say three months worth of money is far from ideal.
Bell said programs to develop better Zika tests, to monitor people for the virus and to study the damage that it can do to babies are all at risk.
“There will be the possibility of suspending or cancelling work on vaccines."
“There will be the possibility of suspending or cancelling work on vaccines,” she added.
“Allowing this to happen needlessly puts Americans at risk and will result in more Zika infections and, potentially, the birth of more babies with infections and Zika-related birth defects.”
Other experts have pointed out that with limited money to even look for Zika, women could be getting pregnant, getting infected with Zika, and not even know it. Zika's true spread may only show up months from now, when babies with brain damage start to be born.
Scott said the situation is critical in Florida, where the health department is conducting 17 separate investigations into Zika cases.
Related: There's More Evidence Zika Goes Straight to the Brain
“Our federal government has managed to get its hands into way too many things,” Scott said Tuesday.
“Over the past eight years they have managed to grow our national debt from $10 trillion to nearly $20 trillion. And yet, they can't agree on spending money to stomp out a serious disease? It's unacceptable. It's exactly why the entire country is fed up with Washington and the federal government. This is not a partisan issue. Mosquitoes don't care about party affiliation. Zika is non-partisan.”
Florida's Department of Health said it has tested more than 6,800 people for Zika virus infection.
The winds that are now blowing through the region are reminiscent of those first few days of the first intifada in 1987. These are bad winds, winds of disorder and unrest, winds that are moving masses of people who are leaderless to seek ways to do harm, to kill, to set things on fire, and to undermine the status quo.
After the Kalashnikov era was put down and defeated during the second intifada and Operation Defensive Shield, the Palestinians are going back to their roots - fireworks, Molotov cocktails, and stones. It's a return to the stone age.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Copyright by WTEN - All rights reserved
Web Staff - SCHENECTADY, N.Y. - One city resident spent the Easter holiday not complaining about her city, as so many do, but working hard to make it a better place.
Aida Berrios started cleaning up her neighborhood near Bridge Street this week, and was back out again today.
"My kids like to be outside and play, and they can't when you know there's a whole bunch of garbage outside," Berrios said. "We found needles as well, so I didn't allow my kids to be out there."
With the help of a friend, she put on some gloves and began cleaning up her street and nearby streets in Schenectady that are covered with trash.
And on Easter, she was cleaning up after garbage began to reappear.
"We just did this area Thurday," she said.
And she doesn't plan to stop.
"This week coming up we will be cleaning up over there on Second Avenue and Crane Street."
As her children and friends played outside today, she was happy and hopeful that more people in the community would help out too.
"I can't do it by myself. My friend can't do it by herself," Berrios pointed out. "If we can all come together as a team and do it, then the kids would have a safer clean environment and neighborhood."
Nov 22, 2013
Ann Wojcicki
CEO
23andMe, Inc.
1390 Shoreline Way
Mountain View, CA 94043
Document Number: GEN1300666
Re: Personal Genome Service (PGS)
WARNING LETTER
Dear Ms. Wojcicki,
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending you this letter because you are marketing the 23andMe Saliva Collection Kit and Personal Genome Service (PGS) without marketing clearance or approval in violation of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the FD&C Act).
This product is a device within the meaning of section 201(h) of the FD&C Act, 21 U.S.C. 321(h), because it is intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, or is intended to affect the structure or function of the body. For example, your company's website at www.23andme.com/health (most recently viewed on November 6, 2013) markets the PGS for providing “health reports on 254 diseases and conditions,” including categories such as “carrier status,” “health risks,” and “drug response,” and specifically as a “first step in prevention” that enables users to “take steps toward mitigating serious diseases” such as diabetes, coronary heart disease, and breast cancer. Most of the intended uses for PGS listed on your website, a list that has grown over time, are medical device uses under section 201(h) of the FD&C Act. Most of these uses have not been classified and thus require premarket approval or de novo classification, as FDA has explained to you on numerous occasions.
Some of the uses for which PGS is intended are particularly concerning, such as assessments for BRCA-related genetic risk and drug responses (e.g., warfarin sensitivity, clopidogrel response, and 5-fluorouracil toxicity) because of the potential health consequences that could result from false positive or false negative assessments for high-risk indications such as these. For instance, if the BRCA-related risk assessment for breast or ovarian cancer reports a false positive, it could lead a patient to undergo prophylactic surgery, chemoprevention, intensive screening, or other morbidity-inducing actions, while a false negative could result in a failure to recognize an actual risk that may exist. Assessments for drug responses carry the risks that patients relying on such tests may begin to self-manage their treatments through dose changes or even abandon certain therapies depending on the outcome of the assessment. For example, false genotype results for your warfarin drug response test could have significant unreasonable risk of illness, injury, or death to the patient due to thrombosis or bleeding events that occur from treatment with a drug at a dose that does not provide the appropriately calibrated anticoagulant effect. These risks are typically mitigated by International Normalized Ratio (INR) management under a physician's care. The risk of serious injury or death is known to be high when patients are either non-compliant or not properly dosed; combined with the risk that a direct-to-consumer test result may be used by a patient to self-manage, serious concerns are raised if test results are not adequately understood by patients or if incorrect test results are reported.
Your company submitted 510(k)s for PGS on July 2, 2012 and September 4, 2012, for several of these indications for use. However, to date, your company has failed to address the issues described during previous interactions with the Agency or provide the additional information identified in our September 13, 2012 letter for (b)(4) and in our November 20, 2012 letter for (b)(4), as required under 21 CFR 807.87(1). Consequently, the 510(k)s are considered withdrawn, see 21 C.F.R. 807.87(1), as we explained in our letters to you on March 12, 2013 and May 21, 2013. To date, 23andMe has failed to provide adequate information to support a determination that the PGS is substantially equivalent to a legally marketed predicate for any of the uses for which you are marketing it; no other submission for the PGS device that you are marketing has been provided under section 510(k) of the Act, 21 U.S.C. § 360(k).
The Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health (OIR) has a long history of working with companies to help them come into compliance with the FD&C Act. Since July of 2009, we have been diligently working to help you comply with regulatory requirements regarding safety and effectiveness and obtain marketing authorization for your PGS device. FDA has spent significant time evaluating the intended uses of the PGS to determine whether certain uses might be appropriately classified into class II, thus requiring only 510(k) clearance or de novo classification and not PMA approval, and we have proposed modifications to the device's labeling that could mitigate risks and render certain intended uses appropriate for de novo classification. Further, we provided ample detailed feedback to 23andMe regarding the types of data it needs to submit for the intended uses of the PGS. As part of our interactions with you, including more than 14 face-to-face and teleconference meetings, hundreds of email exchanges, and dozens of written communications, we provided you with specific feedback on study protocols and clinical and analytical validation requirements, discussed potential classifications and regulatory pathways (including reasonable submission timelines), provided statistical advice, and discussed potential risk mitigation strategies. As discussed above, FDA is concerned about the public health consequences of inaccurate results from the PGS device; the main purpose of compliance with FDA's regulatory requirements is to ensure that the tests work.
However, even after these many interactions with 23andMe, we still do not have any assurance that the firm has analytically or clinically validated the PGS for its intended uses, which have expanded from the uses that the firm identified in its submissions. In your letter dated January 9, 2013, you stated that the firm is “completing the additional analytical and clinical validations for the tests that have been submitted” and is “planning extensive labeling studies that will take several months to complete.” Thus, months after you submitted your 510(k)s and more than 5 years after you began marketing, you still had not completed some of the studies and had not even started other studies necessary to support a marketing submission for the PGS. It is now eleven months later, and you have yet to provide FDA with any new information about these tests. You have not worked with us toward de novo classification, did not provide the additional information we requested necessary to complete review of your 510(k)s, and FDA has not received any communication from 23andMe since May. Instead, we have become aware that you have initiated new marketing campaigns, including television commercials that, together with an increasing list of indications, show that you plan to expand the PGS's uses and consumer base without obtaining marketing authorization from FDA.
Therefore, 23andMe must immediately discontinue marketing the PGS until such time as it receives FDA marketing authorization for the device. The PGS is in class III under section 513(f) of the FD&C Act, 21 U.S.C. 360c(f). Because there is no approved application for premarket approval in effect pursuant to section 515(a) of the FD&C Act, 21 U.S.C. 360e(a), or an approved application for an investigational device exemption (IDE) under section 520(g) of the FD&C Act, 21 U.S.C. 360j(g), the PGS is adulterated under section 501(f)(1)(B) of the FD&C Act, 21 U.S.C. 351(f)(1)(B). Additionally, the PGS is misbranded under section 502(o) of the Act, 21 U.S.C. § 352(o), because notice or other information respecting the device was not provided to FDA as required by section 510(k) of the Act, 21 U.S.C. § 360(k).
Please notify this office in writing within fifteen (15) working days from the date you receive this letter of the specific actions you have taken to address all issues noted above. Include documentation of the corrective actions you have taken. If your actions occur over time, please include a timetable for implementation of those actions. If corrective actions cannot be completed within 15 working days, state the reason for the delay and the time within which the actions will be completed. Failure to take adequate corrective action may result in regulatory action being initiated by the Food and Drug Administration without further notice. These actions include, but are not limited to, seizure, injunction, and civil money penalties.
We have assigned a unique document number that is cited above. The requested information should reference this document number and should be submitted to:
James L. Woods, WO66-5688
Deputy Director
Patient Safety and Product Quality
Office of In vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health
10903 New Hampshire Avenue
Silver Spring, MD 20993
Elon Musk certainly keeps busy. In addition to Tesla and SpaceX, he's now launching Neuralink, a company that wants to develop ways for human brains to interact with software, according to The Wall Street Journal.
Neuralink is reportedly developing "neural lace" technology that would allow human brains to interface with machines without a physical connection. This cyborg tech could also be used to provide some form of cognitive boost, according to the report. Neuralink was registered as a medical-research company in California in July, but has otherwise stayed under the radar until now.
The technology involves planting electrodes in the brain. Similar implants have already been tried in limited medical experiments, but they require a physical connection between the implant and a device. (A paralyzed man recently regained use of an arm and hand using one of these systems, according to NPR.) But Neuralink would try to cut the cord, and potentially bring neurons and software much closer together.
Musk has hinted at interest in neural-lace technology before. When asked about it on Twitter in January, he said he was preparing an announcement. At the 2016 Vox Media Code Conference, Musk said neural lace was "quite important," and that it was the only way to prevent humans from becoming "house cats" for future artificial intelligence.
The Tesla CEO views AI as a potential existential threat to humanity, and has sought to establish ethical standards for the technology through his OpenAI initiative. Apparently, he views putting a little software in human brains as a safeguard against it, as well.
About
At The End Of The Day is a comedy/drama feature film about a fundamentalist Christian professor who experiences a profound change when he finds himself undercover in a gay support group to foil their launch of an LGBT homeless teen shelter in their small town.
THE STORY
Dave Hopper has lost everything: his counseling practice, his wife, his livelihood. He returns to his hometown to live with his eccentric Aunt Patty and takes a job as a psych professor at his Alma Mater - a small Christian college.
The school has plans for expansion, but the building they need has been willed to an LGBT support group. They just have to raise the funds to cover the taxes. In an effort to discover their progress, Dave inadvertently and awkwardly becomes part of the group.
For the first time in his life, he is face-to-face with the people he has been counseling against his whole adult life, as well as the unintended victims of such counseling. Through humor and turmoil, Dave realizes that often things aren't as black and white as he'd like them to be.
THE LGBT HOMELESS YOUTH CRISIS
40% of homeless youth identify as LGBT. This is largely disproportionate to the 6-8% of the population in general.
Most of the stories from these youth share one point: their parents reject them once they come out. Many of these families blame their religion or beliefs - they have been taught or believe that accepting the sexual or gender "otherness" of their child.
Once these kids are on the street - they are open to a whole world of dangers.
NEW REWARD - LGBT HERO DEDICATION!
Just in time for our final week, we've released a new reward level: The LGBT Dedication at $200. Who has been that special person within the LGBT community who loved you when it felt like no one else did? Who could you count on to give you a hug? A kind word? A knowing glance?
Maybe it's your son or daughter who came out. Maybe it's your sibling who transitioned. Maybe it's your parent who risked losing friends.
For a $200 pledge (or higher), you can add their name to our final credits under a special "LGBT Hero Dedication" category. Once the kickstarter is complete, we'll get the name from you.
And - get started early. After you pledge, be sure to share on Facebook or Twitter that your pledge is dedicated to your LGBT hero. Ask them to pass it on!
WHY THIS STORY?
I am a straight, Christian ally, but that didn't happen overnight.
For many of us who have grown up in the church, there is a very real, very slow and very hard shedding of beliefs during the discovery of our own way of life and faith. And one of the most pressing issues we are navigating today is sexual and gender orientation.
In early 2014, after making 75 short films, I decided to begin my first feature film. I have a strong value of not settling for "safe" stories, so I knew my first feature had to be something important and unique.
My own journey certainly started with stories. It started by opening myself to honor the stories of my LGBT friends who also follow Christ. According to the faith of the church of my youth, this wasn't possible. And yet, here it was, happening right before my eyes. Lesbian friends of mine, living in a committed relationship of over 20 years, living more like Jesus than I was.
This sent my wife and I on a journey of questions. And the answer we've come to is that: Christians have been trying to provide answers to questions for a long time now. I think it's time we lay that down and start asking questions - and take the time to truly listen. I know that's when I have developed the most meaningful relationships.
At the heart of the film, amid the humor and quirk, is the sad truth that up to 40% of homeless teens are LGBT. Most of this has happened in religious homes, as the result of parents not knowing how to, or being unwilling to, understand or deal with the sexual orientation or gender identity of their child.
Many times when religious parents turn to Christian counselors, pastors or authors for help, they are told not to accept their child.
At The End Of The Day is not about LGBT rights. It is not about marriage equality.
At The End Of The Day is about listening. It is about acknowledging there is much in the world I don't know. And it's about asking questions and taking the time to listen to and honor the answers.
The Team
Kevin O'Brien Writer/Director/Producer
That's me! While this is my first feature, I've written and directed over 75 short films in the past five years (see my favorites here). My shorts have won awards and gotten into festivals, but I'm more satisfied when my films move people. I want to make films that move people to live better stories. And that's what this project is for me.
Philip Marlatt Producer
At The End Of The Day will be Philip's 12th feature film production. Marlatt's passion for new-wave aesthetics and distribution models has cemented his role as producer in the fast-paced world of new media. He will handle the logistics, the paper work, and the budget to make this film happen.
Brandon D. Hyde Director of Photography
Brandon David Hyde began his journey into this art at the age of 22 while earning his bachelor's degree in Film Studies from Southeastern University in Lakeland, FL and finishing his education at Los Angeles Film Studies Center. Since then, he has continued to learn, grow and hone his craft into the award-winning storyteller that he is today. Brandon focuses on feature films, short films, music videos and commercials and is available for domestic and international shoots.
For My LGBT & Ally Friends
I get it. The church (in a general sense) has done a lot of harm to you, your friends, and your family. And what's worse is a lot of that has been done in the name of love.
I do not pretend that this film is going to fix that.
It is my hope that this film will soften hearts. That it will open eyes. That it will give people a safe place to ask questions. That it will bring to light some of the pain that you have endured (especially in the teen years). And that it will challenge people to listen to and honor the stories they have ignored for far too long.
THE BUDGET
With a 24-day shoot schedule and over 30 speaking parts, At The End Of The Day is no small movie. However, we've tightened our budget down as much as possible to make it work.
Here's how the $75,000 will be spent:
$15,000 Crew | Director of Photography, camera op, grips
Crew | $12,000 Production Staff | Producers, office staff, PA's
Production Staff | $10,000 Food | Best way to keep everyone happy
Food | $10,000 Post | Editing, sound mix
Post | $9,000 Equipment Rental | Solid camera, lenses
Equipment Rental | $9,000 Production Equipment | Lights, stands, flags
Production Equipment | $5,000 Sound | Audio recorder, equipment
Sound | $2,500 Logistics | So many beautiful locations in Lakeland
Logistics | $2,500 Legal | Dotting our i's and crossing our t's
THE TIMELINE
Here's how things will go down once we meet (and exceed) our goal!
JUNE '15 Goal Met | WOOHOO AWESOME PEOPLE!
Goal Met | WOOHOO AWESOME PEOPLE! JULY-AUG ‘15 Casting | Too hot in FL to film in the Summer
Casting | SEPT ‘15 Pre-production | Logistics and details
Pre-production | OCT ‘15 Production | Capturing the magic
Production | NOV ‘15 - JAN ‘16 Post-Production | Editing, sound, color
Post-Production | JAN '16 Festivals | Enter in festivals
Festivals | FEB '16 Premiere!
In indie film (as with many other things in life), unexpected obstacles may present themselves. SO these times are subject to change. But if we don't start with a plan we'll never get anything done.
So It's Up To You
Here's the deal - we can't do this without your help! This film is for a very specific time in history, and that is now!
Our goal of $75,000 is designed to show potential investors that there's a market out there for great storytelling.
Of course, the ultimate dream would be for that goal to be blown out of the water, so we don't need investors to begin with. And if you awesome folks pull that off, there aren't words to explain how grateful we'd be.
Table Read, January 2015
Praise from the Table Read
...perfectly touches on the heart of the issue - and does so with sweet humor and emotion.
...very moving. It was happy, and sad, and felt authentic.
I felt like there was a little bit of everything: funny, touching, things that make you think. Cried like a baby!
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gold held onto healthy gains on Wednesday in late trade, though off earlier one-month highs, as investors sought its safety after weaker U.S. manufacturing data and a private-sector jobs report for May.
Five-tael (6.65 ounces or 190 grams) gold bars are seen at a jewellery store in Hong Kong in this April 21, 2011 illustration photo. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
The worrisome data from the Institute for Supply Management followed an early report showing the U.S. private-sector added only 38,000 jobs in May, which cast doubt on the health of the world's largest economy and undermined the dollar.
Spot gold was trading at $1,538.40 an ounce at 3:55 p.m. EDT (1955 GMT) after earlier hitting $1,550.14, its highest since May 3.
Benchmark August COMEX futures rose $6.40 to finished at $1,543.20 after earlier reaching its highest since May 2 at $1,551.60 an ounce.
“I think we're still with the safe-haven play on gold. Gold is the only thing that's still up today. People are a bit afraid of the weak economy and what happened to the dollar,” said David Lee, precious metals trader at Heraeus Precious Metals Management in New York.
U.S. factory activity growth slowed in May to its lowest level since September 2009, suggesting a loss of momentum in the economy in the second quarter.
The discouraging manufacturing figures from the United States follow similar reports out of Europe and China.
A separate report showed growth in U.S. private-sector payrolls falling to its lowest level in eight months, just two days before a key monthly government report on employment.
Investors are looking ahead to U.S. nonfarm payrolls data due Friday for evidence of the ability of the world's largest economy to generate jobs, after sluggish data on Wednesday suggested U.S. growth was losing momentum.
Gold was vacillating in early business, but once the U.S. data was released, bullish action in the options pit spilled over to the futures market, causing a swift rally that held.
“You had some very bullish action in the options, which means we have to buy futures against it. We haven't seen stuff like this for awhile. But the economic numbers have been pretty awful,” said independent metals trader, said Jonathan Jossen on the COMEX exchange floor in New York.
“With what's been going on in the world, I feel gold's been underperforming,” he added.
Gold fell by about 2 percent in May, although the price remained on track for a near 8 percent gain this year, fueled in large part by investor nerves over euro zone finances.
The price of gold in euros hit a life-time high of 1,088.11 euros an ounce last week and a record high in dollars of $1,575.79 an ounce in early May, just before a major sell-off across the commodities complex. It was up sharply at 1,073.28 an ounce in late business.
GOLD ETFs SHOW OUTFLOW IN MAY
Investor demand for gold retreated in May, as reflected in the net outflow of metal from global exchange-traded funds, which fell nearly 1 percent last month in their first monthly decline since February.
Mexico's central bank moderately expanded its gold holdings in April, buying 190,000 ounces of gold, worth nearly $282 million based on average spot price of the month, after buying more than $4 billion in bullion in March.
White metals, used extensively in the manufacturing and auto sectors, fell sharply after the slower factory activity report and as many U.S. auto industry reported far weaker than expected sales for May.
Spot silver was sharply lower at $36.76 an ounce than $38.44 at Tuesday's close. U.S. July silver futures fell 4 percent to $36.77 in after-hours trade. Silver dropped over 20 percent in the month of May.
The London Bullion Market Association said it would launch a silver forward price curve following the launch of its gold forward price curve in January.
U.S. platinum and palladium futures were also down following declines reported for most major U.S. automakers.
In late dealings, benchmark platinum futures lost $12.70 to $1,821.30 per ounce and palladium futures tumbled $6.45 to $772.50 per ounce.
Spot palladium slipped to $769.47 an ounce from $774.10 an ounce on Tuesday, and platinum slid to $1,815.24 compared with $1,828.10 the day before.
Meet GJ 1214b, the most Earth-like planet ever found outside our solar system.
It's not exactly Earth's twin: It's about six times bigger, a whole lot hotter and made mostly of water. But compared to the giant gas balls that account for nearly every other extrasolar planet ever found, it's pretty darn close. And through a fortunate happenstance of cosmic geometry, astronomers will be able to study GJ 1214b in great detail.
"If you want to describe in one sentence what this planet is, it's a big, hot ocean," said Harvard University astronomer David Charbonneau. "We can even study its atmosphere. This planet will occupy us for years. That's part of what's so exciting about it."
Described by Charbonneau and 17 other astronomers in a paper published Wednesday in Nature, GJ 1214b is the latest of roughly 400 planets detected by earthly telescopes. Of these, 28 are considered "super-Earths" — planets with a mass roughly comparable to our own.
The super-Earths themselves are too distant to be seen. Instead, astronomers infer their presence from subtle distortions in starlight, caused when photons travel through the super-Earths' gravitational fields. Depending on the degree of distortion, astronomers can even calculate a planet's mass.
That's how Corot-7b, a rocky planet with roughly twice the heft of Earth, was spotted in February. Ditto Gliese 581c, identified two months later, and orbiting its star at a distance consistent with human notions of habitability.
Unfortunately, not much more will ever be known about those planets. Corot-7b is 500 light-years away, too distant for our telescopes to discern more detail. And from our viewing angle, Gliese 581c never quite crosses directly in front of its sun, causing photons to warp in ways that would reveal its atmospheric character.
GJ 1214b does pass in front of its sun. Separated from Earth by a distance of just 42 light years, it's close enough to be studied. Scientists will finally get to look at another Earth-like world.
"Only rarely does a long-sought scientific frontier loom so prominently just beyond the horizon, that the next generation of instruments seems sure to reach it," wrote Geoffrey Marcey, a University of California, Berkeley astronomer, in a commentary accompanying the findings. "They provide the most-watertight evidence so far for a planet that is something like our own Earth, outside our solar system."
Based on its radius and mass — about 2.7 and 6.6 times that of Earth's — Charbonneau and the other astronomers have calculated GJ 1214b's density. It appears to be composed of extraordinarily deep oceans, surrounding a rocky core.
The planet's atmosphere and precise composition remain a mystery, but it's likely composed of many of the same elements found elsewhere at sites of planetary formation, in swirling disks of dust and gas that have yet to accrete: hydrogen, helium, nitrogen, magnesium, oxygen, carbon.
That list of ingredients raises at least the possibility of life. With an estimated temperature of 370 degrees Fahrenheit, GJ 1214b is an unlikely incubator (Earth's toughest extremophile, a microbe that lives in deep-sea volcanic vents, maxes out at 284 degrees) but it's not impossible.
"I don't want to imply that there's any indication of life as we know it. It might have life, but it would have to be a strange kind of life," said Charbonneau.
The telescopes sure to be trained on GJ 1214b in the near future will try to answer that question. But even if it proves barren, other planets await. The telescopes that spotted GJ 1214b were custom designed to find Earth-like planets around nearby stars, and had only operated for a few months before striking water.
"We only look at a handful of stars before finding this planet, said Charbonneau. "Either we got lucky, or the planets are very common."
Image: Nature
Help give GJ 1214b a better name.
See Also:
Citations: "A super-Earth transiting a nearby low-mass star." By David Charbonneau, Zachory K. Berta, Jonathan Irwin, Christopher J. Burke, Philip Nutzman, Lars A. Buchhave, Christophe Lovis, Xavier Bonfils, David W. Latham, Stephane Udry, Ruth A. Murray-Clay, Matthew J. Holman, Emilio E. Falco, Joshua N. Winn, Didier Queloz, Francesco Pepe, Michel Mayor, Xavier Delfosse & Thierry Forveille. Nature*, Vol. 462 No. 7275. Dec. 16, 2009.*
"Water world larger than Earth." By Geoffrey Marcy. Nature*, Vol. 462 No. 7275. Dec. 16, 2009.*
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes; Wired Science on Twitter. Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points.
Our friend Péter Archibald Bodola sent us their design of a temporary art pavillion for a competition called TOGS (Temporary Outdoor Gallery Space) in March of this year, where 200 entries from all over the world were received by the organizers. The temporary architecture installation is an outdoor exhibit which provides prestigious gallery space.
More images and architect's description after the break.
We imagined the pavilion as the foreground of the “Light Box”, which we wanted to emphasize as an entrance-gate like design. Walking through the pavilion gives a special space-experience, with the help of this the visitors are prepared of the exhibition.
The unique geometrical construction shows the possibility of the FACIT-system. We endeavored to the statue-like appear at the design of the construction of the pavilion. On this behalf we worked with hidden connections and simple materials. We set light shade canvas between the wooden structural frames. Mobile furniture system – which can be converted easily – serves the different claims of the three expected scenarios.
Architects: Péter Bodola, Gábor Böszörményi, Alex Fülöp, Zombor Lukács, Balázs Szirmai
All scene files, images, derivative images and movies are presented for instructional purposes only and are the sole property and copyright of Michael Vance.
R11 GI Tutorial by Michael Vance, August 8, 2008. Part 3
Irradiance Cache Settings : Finding the right balance. Once you have selected the right choice of Still Image, Camera or Full Animation mode for the scene you will render, it is time to set the stochastic sampling, record density, interpolation and smoothing settings that will determine the overall quality of your GI cache. The settings that determine the placement of records and their stochastic quality are shown below (Image_23).
Image_23 Stochastic Samples : Radiate a spell. There are three presets for Stochastic Sample quality, Low, Medium, and High. Alternatively, one can set Accuracy or Sample Count directly from the foldout menu. As a general rule, higher density records require higher stochastic sampling, so if Record Density is set to high, then Stochastic Samples would likewise warrant a high setting. Another general rule applicable to almost any GI setting is, if you're not sure what you need, try a low setting first to see where you are. Please see the QMC section above for more about stochastic sampling. Record Density : How detailed do you want to get and how much time do you have? We will return later to the Min and Max Rate settings, but first let's examine the settings that primarily control the distribution of records, Radius, Min Radius, and Density Control: Once a render is activated, Cinema begins to draw the IR prepass cache, where the size and placement of records is shown in a cell-like voronoi diagram covering the geometry. Each cell represents a single record, and a dot in the center of each is drawn to clarify the exact center point of each record.
Image_24 The image above (Image_24) shows the voronoi prepass pattern (left) prior to final render where they are interpolated and smoothed (right). Radius : The spacing of records.
Image_25 Radius is the primary determiner of the number a records that will be generated and directly defines how close together records in planar areas will be. The lower the value, the more records will be computed. How low this value needs to be depends on how much shadow definition you need in planar areas. Lower values will produce more records giving better shadow definition, and caustic definition too, at the cost of longer cache render times. Minimum Radius : Optimal control in corners and curves.
Image_27 Minimum radius determines how many extra records will be added to corners, crevices, curving surfaces and other areas where geometries intersect. The lower this value, the more additional records will be added to these areas (Image_27). This value is a ratio product of the previous Radius value. This means that lowering the Radius value will also create more corner records. Therefore, as the Radius value is lowered (producing more overall records), the Minimum Radius (which produces more additional records in corners) can sometimes be increased (for fewer additional records) because as overall record density increases, fewer corner records may be needed. Overall, it's very easy to become confused here because lower values mean more records, and vice versa, exactly the opposite to how the corresponding settings of the old GI worked. The image below (Image_28) shows the areas affected by the Radius and Minimum Radius settings.
Image_28 Density Control : The great multiplier.
Image_29 The Density Control behaves like a multiplier for total record density, and it reportedly affects the shape of the falloff curve between planar records (controlled by Radius) and corner records (controlled by Minimum Radius). When the radius value won't go low enough to space the records as closely together as you'd like, increasing the density control value will add more. Min Rate Max Rate : Save now, pay later.
Image_30 Now that we have learned about planar records and corner records, and how to adjust their density and balance using the Radius and Minimum Radius settings, let's look at the settings that R11 GI offers that can be used to reduce cache render times while preserving shadow definition. As we learned, decreasing the number of records decreases the cache render time at the cost of lessoned shadow definition. Min and Max Rate settings offer yet another alternative. For each value setting below 1, the resolution of the sampled image is halved (one quarter the original size). Roughly the same number of records is computed, so shadow definition is largely preserved, but the time it takes to calculate them is lessened. The Min Rate changes the resolution of planar area records while the Max Rate changes the resolution of corner/curve records. Each is rendered with a lower resolution, but the overall result of that lower resolution is often barely noticeable, unless very low values are used, and acceptable given the speed gained. The Min Max Rate in Record Density is to some extent a case of save now, pay later. The GI cache is rendered faster, but part of that gain is lost when the lower resolution cache is again upsampled in the final image render. In general you gain much more than you lose, especially when you are only rendering once. If you plan to render the cache just once and tweak the remainder of the render through multiple final renders, reusing the same cache, you may be better off accepting the longer initial cache render time, as subsequent renders that use that cache will go faster. Interpolation : Taking the edge off. Interpolation is the method in which the borders between adjacent records are blended. The four options are The Least Squares, Weighted Average, Delaunay, and None. The default choice, The Least Squares, is suitable for most circumstances as it seems to produce the smoothest, most visually pleasing result. Weighted Average produces a little tighter result, and Delaunay is reportedly only suitable for very high record densities that use one of the Delaunay Records presets, but I have yet to see a use for it. The None option allows you to see the uninterpolated result which is very useful when wanting to check the shading continuity and stochastic quality of records. Insufficient stochastic counts will show up as high contrast, splotchy records patterns.
Image_31
Movie File: http://mvpny.com/R11GITutorial/EggboxMV13MG27CompMJPEGm.mov The image above (Image_31) compares the four interpolation types. On the top left is the uninterpolated and unsmoothed "None" result. This result is very useful because it tells us a great deal about the spacing of records as well as their stochastic quality. First of all, the records are not very dense and as a result the figure's shadow on the wall to his right is not very detailed, and secondly, the large brightness variations of adjacent records show that the stochastic sampling of each record is bordering on insufficient. The top right image shows the result of interpolation using the Least Squares method with medium smoothing. The borders between records are no longer noticeable enough to be a huge distraction. On the bottom left is the Weighted Average result with medium smoothing. The borders between records are slightly more apparent. The bottom right shows Delaunay interpolation with medium smoothing. The record borders are blatant and clearly this method of interpolation is not suitable for this scene given this record count and stochastic quality. A movie of the four interpolation types shown side by side as above is available for viewing here: http://mvpny.com/R11GITutorial/EggboxMV13MG27CompMJPEGm.mov Smoothing : Quieting the noise. Smoothing is the compliment to interpolation and can be used to smooth (some might say blur) an area of densely packed records which is useful for reducing the noise that can easily result from higher record densities having insufficient stochastic quality to blend seamlessly themselves. The cats eye marble image (Image_18) above was rendered originally using medium smoothing, but after the render was finished I discovered unwanted noise from the high record count I had used. The GI prepass cache render had taken 2.5 hours, but since it was saved it could be reused with a higher smoothing value. Rerendering the image with the new smoothing values took only a matter of minutes then since the cache did not have to be rerendered. A comparison of the two renders is shown below (Image_32).
Image_32 Compositing Tag GI Settings : Per object control.
Image_33 Image_33 above shows the Compositing Tag GI settings. These settings allow you to increase or diminish stochastic and record density counts on a per-object basis. I used this tag to enhance the area shown above because I wanted more records and better stochastic quality in the area around the marbles and ring. Since the tag only works on a per-object basis and not on polygon selections, I separated the floor into two objects. Details Enhancement : A bold stroke.
Image_34 Details Enhancement is an option that uses the QMC method to render finely detailed areas. There is a slight render hit which can increase some scene render times by as much as 50%. The result can be similar in appearance to ambient occlusion except that it is restricted to the GI solution, where it should be. Unlike AO it appears to add some additional bounce lighting even when rendering at diffuse depth 1, which adds a subtle beveling effect. A radius setting lets you increase the visible radius of the enhancement, but only within a very small range. As the radius increases, noise may become noticeable in extreme close-up, in which case you should likewise increase the Quality Ratio setting. Although it is said to render its area of influence in a physically correct way, perhaps because of the sometimes sudden differences with areas outside its influence, the effect can sometimes seem as if the outlines of detailed areas are overly accentuated, with no way currently to fade its overall strength. . Estimate Secondary: This switch estimates the result that higher diffuse depths would have on the Details Enhancement if fully calculated. It is fast and I have yet to see a difference in result. I recommend leaving it on.
Image_35 The Mode menu shown above (Image_35) offers two Details Enhancement preview options. Details Only (Preview) quickly renders out a map showing its area of influence. The Global Only (Preview) option renders out the GI solution with the Details Enhancement's area of influence left blank. This allows one to see how the area of the GI that isn't rendered with DE looks by itself. The image below (Image_36) shows a render both without and with Details Enhancement (top row) and the two preview modes Global Only and Details Only (bottom row).
Image_35 Sky Sampler : For that great HDRI in the Sky.
Image_37 Sky Sampler is a special GI mode that samples an HDRI mapped image placed on a Sky Object. This mode can render an HDRI scene very quickly with nice detail, but is unfortunately limited to just one diffuse depth which means you will not be able to get any bounce light from it. It can also be used with Cinema's newly enhanced procedural sky (also called Sky). However, because of the single diffuse depth limitation, and because it cannot save or reuse a saved cache, one of the AR modes is probably the better choice when rendering procedural skies. Below (Image_38) are two Sky Sampler renders done with different HDRI images:
Image_38 GI Mode: Sky Sampler / Samples: 70 Details : Last but not least.
Image_39 Caustics: It is definitely very cool that R11 GI can render refractive and reflective GI caustics, and their settings are found here (Image_39 above). In light reflection physics, there are two principle kinds of visible reflection, specular and diffuse, specular being a mirror image reflection from smooth surfaces, diffuse being the scatted reflection from rough surfaces. Refraction occurs when light changes speed, and in turn, direction, when passing through different media. Specular reflection from a curved surface and specular refraction through a curved surface give rise to caustic singularities. AR3 GI can render both refractive and reflective caustics, as seen in this tutorial's first scene file. Chromatic dispersion, whereby white light is split into a spectrum of colors, as in the case of light passing through a prism, cannot be simulated in AR3 GI. Reflective caustics render slowly and are limited to normal non oversampled material light sources. Refractive caustics on the other hand render without much of any speed hit at all, which explains why this setting is on by default. Refractive caustics work with the material sampling modes Oversampling, but only the normal mode returns a physically correct result. Because the rays are focused with the oversampling modes, the result is not as physically correct, but may be suitable nonetheless. Because oversampling is overall much faster, one trick to getting a more physically accurate refractive caustic when using oversampling is to use a larger area surface with the illuminating portion of the surface restricted to a smaller area than the overall surface using, for example, a circular gradient. Glass/Mirror Optimization: Finally, as it is often wasteful of time to calculate GI on glass and mirrors, the Glass/Mirror Optimization setting allows one to skip the calculation of those surfaces that fall below the given threshold. Where the Glass/Mirror Optimization setting is lower than a material's transparency, GI will not be calculated for that material surface. This works even with nested shaders in the transparency channel and with fresnel.
The Neopets Team
From: it Makes this user your
Slut: / 2014
Inbox
subject: Official Warning from The Team
Human: You have received an aofficial warning from the Team for violating the Neopets Terms and Conditions.
DO NOT discuss “wearing” here. (wearing, dirty talk, naughty talk or discussing anything sexual or otherwise
Ewan Matser) inappropriate is not permitted on Neopets,
The following is the messagee[ s] that caused you to receive this warning. Any profanity, inappropriate
language, or bad acronyms have been replaced with asterisks [****]:
Battledore Chat I', u suit mi weenie
If you continue to break the rules, your account will be permanently frozen. To see a list of Ned Rules, please
visit hatpin .i' wuvv. neopets. com. i' i: hatsunes. phenol. Please do not reply to this .
...
The House on Thursday took the first step toward resuscitating the White House's trade agenda by passing legislation granting President Obama fast-track authority.
The bill now goes to the Senate, where the White House and GOP leaders are seeking to strike a deal with pro-trade Democrats.
ADVERTISEMENT
The House vote was 218-208, with 28 Democrats voting for it.
This is the second time in a week the House has voted to approve the controversial fast-track bill. On Friday, the House voted 219-211 in favor of fast-track, which would make it easier for Obama to complete a sweeping trans-Pacific trade deal.
In last week's vote, the House GOP paired to fast-track bill with a measure known as Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) that gives aid to workers displaced by trade. Both measures needed to be approved in separate votes for the entire package to move forward.
House Democrats have historically favored TAA, but they voted against it on Friday to kill fast-track, which is deeply opposed by unions and other liberal groups.
The White House still wants both measures to reach Obama's desk, but is now advancing a different strategy that would see the two bills move separately.
The problem lies in the Senate, which previously approved a package that included both bills.
If the two move separately, Republicans and the White House will have to convince Senate Democrats to back fast-track on the promise that TAA will move forward at a later time.
The president spoke with a group of Senate Democrats on Wednesday at the White House, and talks continued in the Senate on Thursday on a way to give the president trade promotion authority, also known as fast-track.
One possible solution would see the Senate vote first to pass a trade preferences bill, this time with the TAA program attached. It would then be sent to the House for a vote before the Senate considers fast-track.
This planned move angered members of the Congressional Black Caucus, who asked Senate leaders not to use the trade measure, which would provide preferential access to the U.S. market for African countries, as a bargaining chip to pass trade promotion authority.
Democrats opposed to the trade package expressed frustration that GOP leaders were bypassing them.
“Instead of cooperation, they've opted to use procedural tricks to pass the TPA,” said Rep. Bill Pascrell (D-N.J.).
As promised, all 28 pro-trade House Democrats supported the bill again.
Rep. Ron Kind Ronald (Ron) James KindSteel lobby's PR blitz can't paper over damaging effects of tariffs Congress should stop tariff power grab, bring balance to US trade policy Ocasio-Cortez sparks debate with talk of 70 percent marginal rate MORE (D-Wis.) said on Wednesday that those who backed the trade agenda are “really committed” to getting fast-track and TAA done.
“The tough vote has already been taken,” Kind said. “We're on record; we supported TPA last week. We also supported TAA last week, too,” he said.
House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) warned that repeating last week's debacle would reflect badly on the international stage.
"It gives America credibility," Ryan said of TPA. "And boy, do we need credibility right now."
Petty Officer 2nd Class Darren Harrity's 24-hour shift as a U.S. Coast Guard rescue swimmer at Air Station North Bend on Monday was like any other.
He spent the early part discussing with fellow crew members the weather, the day's planned operations and a late afternoon training mission.
The training lasted into early Tuesday morning. Harrity, an eight-year Coast Guard veteran and a rescue swimmer for the past 3 1/2 years assigned to the Oregon coast, finally knocked off for some sleep at about 12:30 a.m.
An hour later, the call came in: The four-man crew of the 52-foot commercial fishing vessel Jamie K radioed a mayday for help. The ship had lost power, was taking on water and about to run aground off the Oregon Coast near Cape Blanco.
The boat's crew donned survival suits and crowded into a life raft. Winds were clocked in excess of 40 mph and the men were being constantly doused with 57-degree seawater in the form of 6- to 10-foot waves.
First Mayday call from the Jamie K:
Harrity and his fellow crew members took off from the North Bend airfield in a MH-65 Dolphin helicopter, while two motor lifeboats from a rescue detachment based near Coquille headed toward the life raft by sea.
As they approached, Harrity said, he could see flares burning close to where they figured the raft would be.
"We found them pretty quick," Harrity said by telephone Wednesday morning. "We were glad they had the flares burning."
The raft was lurching through the swells about 250 yards from dry land, a shore where steep cliffs rose straight up from the beach.
With the wind and the rotor wash, the decision was made to lower Harrity 120 feet to the men. A typical lowering hoist is performed between 30 and 50 feet, Harrity said, but conditions were too dicey to get lower.
That also meant that when Harrity reached the stranded crew he would not be placing them in a basket to be hoisted back aboard the chopper. Instead, he would take each man, one-by-one, and "buddy-tow" them 250 yards to shore where paramedics were staged to assist.
Harrity pulled on his swim fins, hooked his Triton harness onto the hoist and was lowered into the inky dark. He reached the raft minutes later.
"They were very glad to see us,'' Harrity said. "They were wet and cold and ready to get out of there."
No one was hurt, so Harrity asked, "Who's first?"
Second Mayday call: "We're going down here."
The Jamie K's skipper pointed to one of his crew members, who slipped over the side and into Harrity's arms. Placing one arm around the man's chest, Harrity began the first of what would eventually be nearly a mile of swimming through rough seas towing grown men to safety.
Although he told the men in turn to kick their feet to assist in the transit, what he did next might be his most remarkable decision during the rescue.
Harrity noticed that a rip current -- a powerful, narrow channel of fast-moving water the National Weather Service says kills 100 swimmers each year -- was moving offshore. He avoided it on his way to shore, but used it to bring him back to the raft.
"I was not having to fight the current," he said.
The nearly mile-long swim to bring each of the four men to safety took 30- to 40-minutes, Coast Guard spokesman David B. Mosley said.
On Wednesday, between interviews with the Washington Post and CBS News, Harrity received an email from Admiral Paul Zukunft, commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard, with congratulations on a job well done.
He credited his fellow Coast Guard members, his family and his girlfriend for giving him the support to routinely save lives.
A near-drowning when he was 19 nearly scuttled his plans to join the Coast Guard.
Harrity grew up in South Florida and loved the water, spending his youth surfing, swimming and spear fishing.
During his sophomore year at Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton, Harrity said he set a goal to be a Coast Guard helicopter rescue swimmer.
Then his self-imposed training regimen nearly killed him.
On April 29, 2007, the then-19-year-old went to the school's pool planning to swim eight 50-meter underwater laps, each without taking a breath. He would follow each lap with 60 seconds treading water to rest, he said.
"I woke up in the hospital five days later," said Harrity, who has no memory of the day. A swimmer at the pool in the lane next to him found him lying at the bottom of the pool and pulled him out.
He had suffered what's known as a "shallow water blackout." According to Swimming World magazine, a shallow water blackout is caused "when oxygen levels in the brain get drastically low, and carbon dioxide in the body is even lower, often due to hyperventilation before submerging."
A lifeguard found no pulse and performed CPR on Harrity. His heart re-started, but his lungs were full of water and doctors put him into a five-day induced coma.
Harrity slowly recovered and began to train again. A year after the accident, he enlisted in the Coast Guard. And after four years of active duty, Harrity finished his training to become a rescue swimmer.
"I knew I couldn't let this trauma keep me from my dream," Harrity said.
-- Stuart Tomlinson
stomlinson@oregonian.com
503-221-8313
@ORweather
Azure SQL Managed Instance is a new fully managed PaaS offering in Azure cloud that will be publicly available in the near future. It will expose entire SQL Server Instance, support almost all features available in SQL Server 2017 and combine this with instant scaling and intelligence that is available in Azure PaaS service. Managed Instance will support native BACKUP like SQL Server. In the beginning, only backup to URL/Azure Blob Storage will be supported. In this post you will see how to backup database to Azure Blob Storage using Managed Instance.
Access to Azure Blob Storage
First, you would need to store credentials that would be used to access Azure Blob Storage:
CREATE CREDENTIAL [https://myacc.blob.core.windows.net/testcontainer] WITH IDENTITY='SHARED ACCESS SIGNATURE' , SECRET = 'sv=2014-02-14&sr=c&sig=GV0T9y%2B9%2F9%2FLEIipmuVee3jvYj4WpvBblo%3D&se=2019-06-01T00%2A%3AZ&sp=rwdl';
The name of the credential should be the same as URL of target Azure Blob Storage container. In this case, this is myacc account and testcontainer container stored on the URL: https://myacc.blob.core.windows.net/testcontainer
COPY_ONLY Backup
Once you create a credential, you can backup any database using standard BACKUP T-SQL command:
BACKUP DATABASE tpcc2501 TO URL = 'https://myacc.blob.core.windows.net/testcontainer/tpcc2501.bak' WITH COPY_ONLY
The only mandatory property is COPY_ONLY. Azure SQL Managed Instance owns the backup chain. This means that you cannot perform database backup that breaks the backup chain. Azure SQL Managed Instance allows you to perform only COPY_ONLY backups.
Stripping backup
Azure Blob Storage block blobs have 200GB size limitation. If your database is bigger than 200GB, you should use stripped backup by providing several URL locations where parts of the backup will be placed:
BACKUP DATABASE tpcc2501 TO URL = 'https://myacc.blob.core.windows.net/testcontainer/tpcc2501-4-1.bak', URL = 'https:// myacc .blob.core.windows.net/testcontainer/tpcc2501-4-2.bak', URL = 'https:// myacc .blob.core.windows.net/testcontainer/tpcc2501-4-3.bak', URL = 'https:// myacc .blob.core.windows.net/testcontainer/tpcc2501-4-4.bak' WITH COPY_ONLY
This way, every stripe will contain a part of the backup and you will not reach the 200GB limit. You can divide the size of your database with 200GB to find out how many stripes you would need.
MAXTRANSFERSIZE
If you have a big database, it would be good to specify MAXTRANSFERSIZE=4194304 option:
BACKUP DATABASE tpcc2501 TO URL = 'https://myacc.blob.core.windows.net/testcontainer/tpcc2501-4-1.bak', URL = 'https:// myacc .blob.core.windows.net/testcontainer/tpcc2501-4-2.bak', URL = 'https:// myacc .blob.core.windows.net/testcontainer/tpcc2501-4-3.bak', URL = 'https:// myacc .blob.core.windows.net/testcontainer/tpcc2501-4-4.bak' WITH COPY_ONLY, MAXTRANSFERSIZE = 4194304, COMPRESSION
Dimitri Furman explained why is this option important to backup very large databases.
Also, a good idea would be to use COMPRESSION option to decrease bandwidth between Managed Instance and Azure Blob storage.
You also can specify additional options in the WITH clause such as CHECKSUM or STATS = <number>. Backups can be performed across Azure regions, but it would be good to check are the database and storage account placed within the same region to speed up the backup.
FC Barcelona and Fiorentina have arrived at an agreement for the loan of Cristian Tello for the 2016/17 season. The Italian club contractually agrees that the participation of the player remains active during the loan.
The agreement includes an option for Fiorentina to buy the player at the end of the 2016/17, which FC Barcelona can block.
Back to Florence
After coming through the youth ranks, Tello broke into the first team in 2011/12. He played three seasons under Pep Guardiola, and was then loaned to FC Porto in the summer of 2014 for two seasons.
He was a key player for manager Julen Lopetegui in his first season there, playing 33 matches, scoring eight goals. The next season did not go so well, with Porto's bad form costing the manager his job and Tello his place in the first team.
As a result, he moved to Fiorentina in the winter transfer window on loan until the end of the season. He regained his form in Serie A, playing 13 matches, scoring twice and making three assists.
Upon returning from Italy, Tello returned to Barça and formed part of the squad that trained at St. George's Park, but the winger will now return to Fiorentina for the 2016/17 campaign.
AS SINN FÉIN'S Ard Fheis kicked off on Friday night, Martin McGuinness said it was fitting that his home town of Derry was buzzing as “the party is buzzing”.
Sinn Féin's slogan of ‘Déan an tAthrú' – ‘Make the change' – was repeated over the two days as many delegates spoke of the sea change taking place in Irish politics, and how the party looks set to become even bigger following the next general election.
Mary Lou McDonald and Gerry Adams
Here's what we learned over the course of the weekend:
1. Sinn Féin wants to be the biggest party north and south by 2016
McGuinness, Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister, said Sinn Féin plans on becoming the largest political party on both sides of the border.
Martin McGuinness Source: Mark Stedman/Photocall Ireland
He said if the party achieves this goal by next year, the centenary of the 1916 Rising, it would be “massive”.
Time will tell.
2. The party wants Mary Lou to be the first woman Taoiseach
One of the first delegates who spoke on Friday night made some Rip Van Winkle-inspired predictions for 2018.
He said Gerry Adams will be President of Ireland and Martin McGuinness will be First Minister in Northern Ireland.
Meanwhile, a ”finance rock star” in the form of Pearse Doherty will be Minister for Finance.
What a rockstar minister might look like. Source: Giphy.com
His most popular prediction, however, was that Mary Lou McDonald will become the first woman Taoiseach.
There was a LOT of cheering, with every pair of hands in the house – bar McDonald's – clapping.
3. The party has a position on abortion, sort of
Delegates voted in favour of allowing abortion in cases of fatal foetal abnormalities, and repealing the 8th amendment.
McDonald spoke in favour of both motions.
Mary Lou McDonald Source: Sam Boal/Photocall Ireland
As motion 122 passed, two others fell automatically.
Motion 123 called for terminations to not be allowed in the circumstance of fatal foetal abnormalities, while motion 125 states:
This Ard Fheis believes that women's reproductive rights, and control over a woman's body and sexuality are entirely a matter for the woman concerned in each particular circumstance.
One speaker expressed dissatisfaction that members would not get a chance to vote on the latter, saying she viewed it as a separate issue.
4. Sinn Féin will be a senior government partner or none
The party passed a motion that ruled out entering a Fine Gael or Fianna Fáil-led government after the next general election.
Gerry Adams and Martin McGuinness Source: PA Images
In his presidential speech last night, Gerry Adams addressed the issue:
Sinn Féin will not prop up either a Fine Gael or a Fianna Fáil government. Sinn Féin wants to lead the next government. I am confident that when it comes to making a choice, the people will make the change.
5. Royals are not welcome in 2016
Sinn Féin MEP Matt Carthy got plenty of cheers when he said he couldn't see any circumstances under which Sinn Féin would support a British monarch attending 1916 centenary events.
Martin McGuinness and Queen Elizabeth in 2012 Source: PA Images
Limerick councillor Séighin Ó Ceallaigh bluntly said that royals “are not welcome at any event”.
Delegates later voted that no member of the British royal family or British government should be invited to any state commemorations in 2016.
6. People should respect the Irish flag
Source: Anna & Michal/CC
It took three attempts to count the vote on a motion calling for the Irish flag to not be “thrown around” or disrespected by party members.
Eventually it passed by 94 votes to 60.
7. Alan Kelly doesn't scare Mary Lou
After telling Tánaiste Joan Burton she would debate her “anywhere, any time”, McDonald had this sarcastic message for the Environment Minister:
Joan's number two, Alan Kelly, has vowed to rip us apart. We are quaking in our stilettos, I'm sure.
Alan Kelly and Joan Burton Source: /Photocall Ireland
8. Not everyone is mad about Sinn Féin
Jobs Minister Richard Bruton sent out a press release as the Ard Fheis was in full swing yesterday, warning that Sinn Féin's policies would “screw up” Ireland's recovery.
Richard Bruton and Enda Kenny Source: Photocall Ireland
The Fine Gael TD stated:
As assuredly as the IRA's semtex helped to destroy the Irish economy in the 1970s and ‘80s, Sinn Féin's tax policies would do the same today.
9. Standing ovations are where it's at
Adams got one, so did McGuinness, McDonald and Lynn Boylan, among others. Syrizan deputy foreign minister Euclid Tsakalotos got TWO.
https://vine.co/v/OEOMeYZwtJh
10. Aloe vera sales are set to increase
A shipment of the cream is expected to be sent to Fine Gael, Labour and Fianna Fáil imminently.
After being in the firing line at the recent Fine Gael and Labour conferences, Sinn Féin dished out a few deep burns of its own.
Pearse Doherty Source: Mark Stedman/Photocall Ireland
The party's finance minister Pearse Doherty dropped several zingers. On Friday night he told the audience Sinn Féin had “no interest in propping up failed parties for ministerial positions”, saying this is what the Labour party is for.
Aengus Ó Snodaigh, social protection spokesperson, called the government's Action Plan for Jobs an ‘Inaction Plan for Jobs'. Yeah, he went there.
It wasn't just TDs who took aim at their political rivals, with one delegate giving this suggestion for where Labour should hold its next conference:
Follow @orlaryan and @TJ_Politics for updates from the Sinn Féin Ard Fheis in Derry this weekend.
Leader of the Labour party's pro-EU campaign tells Guardian Live debate at the London Palladium that Britain's unity depends on referendum vote
Scots could be justified in wanting to leave the UK in the event of Britain voting to leave the EU if there was a heavy vote in Scotland against such a decision, according to Alan Johnson, the leader of the Labour party's pro-EU campaign.
EU referendum debate: Clegg describes reports Queen backs Brexit as '24-carat bilge' – live Read more
He made the remark at a lively EU referendum debate organised by the Guardian in London, where the issues of security and immigration loomed large and there were particularly bitter exchanges between the former Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg and Ukip leader Nigel Farage.
In a resumption of personal hostilities dating back to the general election, the Ukip leader repeatedly accused the former deputy prime minister of telling lies, at one stage telling a packed audience at the London Palladium that Clegg had made a career out of telling lies for a living.
Johnson warned early on that the UK was running “a very, very high risk not just for Britain's place in Europe but Britain's continued unity”.
Admitting that he could understand Scottish people's desire to leave the UK in the event of a so-called Brexit, he said: “To be frank, if I was a Scot … and yes it does depend on Scotland voting heavily to remain … I would be thinking again as well.”
Representing the leave campaign, Farage and Tory MP Andrea Leadsom rejected the question of a threat to the UK's unity, with Leadsom insisting that the UK government would not allow the SNP to have a new referendum and Farage claiming that levels of support for a Brexit were on the rise in Scotland.
The debate, which featured noisy interventions from large sections of the crowd, sparked a particularly polarised reaction to the Ukip leader, who drew pantomime jeers from some when he predicted that the EU was on the way to going into a union with Turkey “composed of 77 million even poorer people” and described Barack Obama as “the most anti-British US president”.
He said the biggest threat to the Anglo-American relationship, Britain's security and Nato came from an EU that was “hellbent on building a European army, navy and air forces as quickly as possibly.”
By attempting to extend its influence, he said the EU had “directly provoked” a coup that got rid of a directly elected government in Ukraine when Viktor Yanukovych was overthrown. “We have actually provoked this situation with Putin,” he said of the conflict in Ukraine.
Representing to remain side alongside Johnson, Clegg denied there was any imminent entry by Turkey, but added: “I think that one of the unusual successes of the EU is that it has encompassed some very different cultures. We have not become any less British since 1970. It isn't a straitjacket.”
He and Johnson went on the offensive against Farage on the question of immigration. Clegg said Ukip warnings were based on a “a totally false assumption that if we leave the EU people will not continue to try to flee war, attrition and hunger and come to the UK”. He added: “It is so dishonest to somehow claim that if we leave the EU, that problem will go away. It is deeply, deeply dishonest.”
The debate, organised through Guardian Members, was originally scheduled to take place at a much smaller venue in Westminster, but demand for tickets led to the venue being switched to the Palladium, which seats more than 2,000 people.
PULLMAN – Mike Leach knelt beside his injured quarterback on Saturday and tried to comfort and relax Connor Halliday, because what else was there to do?
The pain of a broken leg was enough for Halliday to contend with without the added anguish thoughts of loss and unfairness and the sudden uncertainty of NFL dreams must have surely provided.
So the best thing the coach could do for his quarterback until the medical cart came to take him to the hospital was calm him down, and he did the best he could.
The rest of the team, meanwhile, had a game to play.
“(The mood) was definitely down,” running back Theron West said. “But you have to pick it up and we've got to play the next play.”
And Luke Falk had to get ready. The former walk-on who had only seen action in garbage time of a blowout over Portland State had just a few minutes to warm up to face a USC defense and mentally prepare himself to be the starter for the final quarter of WSU's schedule, and maybe for longer than that.
“He played better than I thought he would,” Leach said of Falk.
It's likely Leach wasn't alone in underestimating what the redshirt freshman – who was put on scholarship shortly before the season opener – could do against a defense that hadn't given up much even before Halliday went down.
In heavy rain and with struggling receivers, Falk threw for 370 yards in just over three quarters, showing plenty of ability to succeed in Leach's high-volume passing offense.
If Falk wins the starting job heading into next season, he'll have the opportunity to start for three-plus seasons at WSU.
The fact that he had a couple of near-interceptions in his first real action against an athletic defense doesn't indicate any long-term negatives in his game. However, the skill with which he navigated a fierce pass rush and the poise he showed when scrambling for first downs to keep drives alive should be encouraging to his team.
And WSU's crisis in losing Halliday is Falk's opportunity to take an insurmountable lead in that oncoming competition and have his play in these final three games demand that he lead the team going forward.
“(The loss is) bad for the bowl game but it's not bad for the rest of the season,” cornerback Daquawn Brown said. “We can just take this, as I look at it, as a three-game season now.”
Falk will be the man for those three games. Heck, he's probably going to pass for 1,500 yards and 10 touchdowns this season. He won't be better than the guy he replaced, right away, but he can make WSU's future look a lot brighter by showing how much he takes after Halliday.
“He's been my mentor here, he's always been helping me out even when I was a walk-on,” Falk said. “He always took me under his wing and it's sad to see him go down because he was having such a great season. My thoughts and prayers go out to him because he's a great guy and I really love him.”
How to make continuous rolls of graphene
(Nanowerk News) Graphene is a material with a host of potential applications, including in flexible light sources, solar panels that could be integrated into windows, and membranes to desalinate and purify water. But all these possible uses face the same big hurdle: the need for a scalable and cost-effective method for continuous manufacturing of graphene films.
That could finally change with a new process described this week in the journal Scientific Reports ("High-speed roll-to-roll manufacturing of graphene using a concentric tube CVD reactor") by researchers at MIT and the University of Michigan. MIT mechanical engineering Associate Professor A. John Hart, the papers senior author, says the new roll-to-roll manufacturing process described by his team addresses the fact that for many proposed applications of graphene and other 2-D materials to be practical, youre going to need to make acres of it, repeatedly and in a cost-effective manner.
Copper substrate is shown in the process of being coated with graphene. At left, the process begins by treating the copper surface, and, at right, the graphene layer is beginning to form. Upper images are taken using visible light microscopy, and lower images using a scanning electron microscope. (Courtesy of the researchers)
Making such quantities of graphene would represent a big leap from present approaches, where researchers struggle to produce small quantities of graphene  often pulling these sheets from a lump of graphite using adhesive tape, or producing a film the size of a postage stamp using a laboratory furnace. But the new method promises to enable continuous production, using a thin metal foil as a substrate, in an industrial process where the material would be deposited onto the foil as it smoothly moves from one spool to another. The resulting sheets would be limited in size only by the width of the rolls of foil and the size of the chamber where the deposition would take place.
Because a continuous process eliminates the need to stop and start to load and unload materials from a fixed vacuum chamber, as in todays processing methods, it could lead to significant scale-up of production. That could finally unleash applications for graphene, which has unique electronic and optical properties and is one of the strongest materials known.
The new process is an adaptation of a chemical vapor deposition method already used at MIT and elsewhere to make graphene  using a small vacuum chamber into which a vapor containing carbon reacts on a horizontal substrate, such as a copper foil. The new system uses a similar vapor chemistry, but the chamber is in the form of two concentric tubes, one inside the other, and the substrate is a thin ribbon of copper that slides smoothly over the inner tube.
Diagram of the roll-to-roll process (a) shows the arrangement of copper spools at each end of the processing tube, and how a ribbon of thin copper substrate is wound around the central tube. Cross-section view of the same setup (b) shows the gap between two tubes, where the chemical vapor deposition process occurs. Photos of the system being tested show (c) the overall system, with an arrow indicating the direction the ribbon is moving; (d) a closeup of the copper ribbon inside the apparatus, showing the holes where chemical vapor is injected; and (e) an overhead view of the copper foil passing through the system. (Courtesy of the researchers)
Gases flow into the tubes and are released through precisely placed holes, allowing for the substrate to be exposed to two mixtures of gases sequentially. The first region is called an annealing region, used to prepare the surface of the substrate; the second region is the growth zone, where the graphene is formed on the ribbon. The chamber is heated to approximately 1,000 degrees Celsius to perform the reaction.
The researchers have designed and built a lab-scale version of the system, and found that when the ribbon is moved through at a rate of 25 millimeters (1 inch) per minute, a very uniform, high-quality single layer of graphene is created. When rolled 20 times faster, it still produces a coating, but the graphene is of lower quality, with more defects.
Some potential applications, such as filtration membranes, may require very high-quality graphene, but other applications, such as thin-film heaters may work well enough with lower-quality sheets, says Hart, who is the Mitsui Career Development Associate Professor in Contemporary Technology at MIT.
So far, the new system produces graphene that is not quite [equal to] the best that can be done by batch processing, Hart says  but to our knowledge, its still at least as good as whats been produced by other continuous processes. Further work on details such as pretreatment of the substrate to remove unwanted surface defects could lead to improvements in the quality of the resulting graphene sheets, he says.
The team is studying these details, Hart adds, and learning about tradeoffs that can inform the selection of process conditions for specific applications, such as between higher production rate and graphene quality. Then, he says, The next step is to understand how to push the limits, to get it 10 times faster or more.
Hart says that while this study focuses on graphene, the machine could be adapted to continuously manufacture other two-dimensional materials, or even to growing arrays of carbon nanotubes, which his group is also studying.
A panel from my pal Maki Naro's great comic strip about vaccines and autism. Click to read it; it gives a good background on all this. Drawing by Maki Naro, used with permission
Let's start this off by being very clear: Vaccines don't cause autism.
They just don't. Perhaps I should be scientific, careful, technical, and say that no connection between vaccines and autism has ever been found. That's technically true, because, after all, there is some incredibly small chance that eventually perhaps some connection might possibly be found. But when study after study shows no such connection whatsoever, at some point it's probably OK to close the door on this.
Now it's time to slam it shut. A new study, reported in the prestigious Journal of the American Medical Association, looked at a group of more than 95,000 children and found no connection between the Measles-Mumps-Rubella vaccine and incidence of autism.
Specifically, it looked at children who had older siblings, looking at the rate of diagnoses of autism spectrum disorder and vaccination. The study is pretty interesting, and I suggest you read it, but the results are pretty clear, as the researchers themselves write: “MMR vaccine receipt was not associated with an increased risk of ASD at any age.”
Emphasis mine, but c'mon. That's emphatic.
Mind you, younger siblings who have an older sibling diagnosed with ASD are themselves at a higher risk for it (likely due to genetic factors). Despite this, the researchers conclude:
These findings indicate no harmful association between MMR vaccine receipt and ASD even among children already at higher risk for ASD.
In other words, the MMR vaccine is not associated with autism.
Mind you, the entire modern anti-vax movement is based on the idea that the MMR vaccine somehow causes autism; that was the conclusion drawn by Andrew Wakefield in a paper published in the British journal the Lancet … a paper that was retracted, that had several of Wakefield's team members asking to have their names removed from it, that established a clear conflict of interest for Wakefield who stood to make hundreds of millions of dollars replacing an MMR vaccine with his own alternative, and that prompted the BMJ to call Wakefield's methods “fraudulent.”
Yeah, that paper.
This new study is getting some press, which is nice, but I'm seeing here and there some folks hoping this will be the last nail in the anti-vax movement. It won't be. That's because the anti-vaxxers are not basing their decisions on science, they're basing them on emotion. We've seen this over and again; as I pointed out before, this isn't the first study showing no link between vaccines and autism.
People simply don't make decisions based on facts. That's not how we're wired. Fear is an incredibly strong motivator, and many of the anti-vax groups use it to their advantage. Look at the truly atrocious Australian Vaccination Skeptic Network, who actually and truly compare vaccination to sexual assault (and seriously, survivors of such assaults may want to have a care clicking that link; the AVSN graphic is abhorrent and brutal).
And look no further than someone like Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who believes that vaccines cause autism, and compared this to the Holocaust. Yes, the Holocaust. He backed off that analogy when called out on it, yet few seem to remember this isn't the first time he's made this despicable claim. I've written about Kennedy before, taking him to task on his unfounded claims, and wrote a follow-up after he doubled down on it.
So yeah. The folks who beat the drums about vaccines and autism will never stop. My hope is that they will eventually be marginalized, like Moon Hoax believers.
The good news is that action is being taken. California is looking at stricter rules for parents who want to opt out of vaccinating their children, for example, and in Australia, the religious exemption is being removed.
And of course the forces of good are still at work, promoting vaccination. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has put out a lovely campaign using art to show how important vaccines are. Called The Art of Saving a Life, it features works of film, literature, music, photography, and more.
As someone who loves classical music, especially Debussy, one video in particular struck me. Called Afternoon of a Faun, it's a powerful piece about Tanaquil LeClercq, principal dancer at the New York City ballet. Before a European tour in 1956, she declined getting a polio vaccine. She contracted polio in Copenhagen and became paralyzed. She never danced again. Chinese pianist Lang Lang performs the pas de deux from Debussy's Afternoon of a Faun, with images of LeClercq in the background.
I would like to personally thank Mr. and Mrs. Gates for supporting this project. It is extraordinarily difficult to discuss this topic with people who lean toward being against vaccinations, and it's all too easy to reinforce their beliefs. I think that by continually putting forth a positive message, together with presenting the facts, we can get vaccination rates in this country up to where they need to be to protect us all.
As a father myself, and with an immunocompromised family member, I know how important this is. When you get vaccinated, the life you save may be your own, and it may also be someone you know and love. But it may very well be someone you don't know, but who is loved by others.
To those of you who vaccinate: I thank you too.
Decentralized, virtual, and anonymous—cryptocurrencies continue to grow in use and in popularity. Bitcoin, the first of its kind to achieve notoriety, was created in 2009 by an unknown person with the alias Satoshi Nakamoto. Transactions occur instantaneously through mobile apps or computers, thereby avoiding banks, credit card companies, and miscellaneous fees. Bitcoin boasts a market cap of about $8,000,000,000—considering the 13 million bitcoins in circulation, the value works out to over $500 each. In the past year, the number of bitcoin transactions per day has ranged from 40,000 to 100,000. Due to the anonymity and scope of the bitcoin economy, policymakers and corporations are beginning to take notice.
How does Bitcoin work?
Bitcoin is an open-source currency, in which bitcoins are mined on peer-to-peer networks. For the layman, the bitcoin process works like this, in ten easy steps:
Step 1: Bitcoins are created electronically about every 10 minutes in batches of 25 coins.
Step 2: Bitcoins are ‘mined' when users run a mining script, which will record an entry to a gigantic public ledger containing every bitcoin transaction in history.
Step 3: Jane wants to send a bitcoin to John for a product or service over the internet.
Step 4: ‘Miners'—bitcoin users running the mining script on their computers—check to validate that Jane is transferring money that is hers to spend.
Step 5: If the script validates Jane's ability to pay, the transaction is recorded to the public ledger by the miners.
Step 6: To ensure that the public ledger is not hacked, miners seal the transaction data with layers upon layers of computational work that is pretty much impossible to complete.
Step 7: Jane's bitcoin is transferred to John. John can access his bitcoins by accessing the unique digital key stored in his bitcoin wallet.
Step 8: Some miners are rewarded for their ‘computational work,' which is done by their computers. The script run by the computer solves a cryptographic problem that can only be solved by guessing and checking billions of times until an answer is found.
Step 9: The miner that outcompetes the others is awarded the new batch of 25 bitcoins, which was earned for his computational work.
Step 10: Additional bitcoins are generated and awarded as miners continue to verify the thousands of exchanges each day; the process continues.
The bitcoin network is an elaborate solution to a tough problem called ‘double spending,' which plagues every currency. Double spending occurs when someone spends money more than once; traditional currencies avoid the problem by minting physical cash, which is difficult to counterfeit. However, bitcoins are digital and do not recognize a trusted third-party to process transactions and update account balances. Bitcoin's innovative solution involves the public ledger, known as the block chain, where every transaction is recorded. A new block is created approximately every ten minutes. Since each bitcoin can be traced back to its creation—via public-record transaction data—miners can verify whether Jane is entitled to the bitcoins she is transferring to John.
If Jane wanted to change the record for her transaction in order to double spend, she would have to build an alternative block chain moving forward to catch up with the latest transaction. This involves solving those cryptographic problems with billions of possible answers faster than the rest of the miners. In other words, Jane would have to have more computing power than all other bitcoin miners combined—otherwise, Jane's false record could never catch up to the collective public record. The competitive nature of bitcoin mining prevents this from happening, even if some groups decide to pool resources.
Bitcoin's Dark Side
Bitcoin's innovations provide many benefits to the average consumer, including privacy of transactions and cutting out middlemen. However, bitcoin plays the host to a darker side of commerce, having become the currency of choice for terrorists, drug dealers, and human traffickers. Due to the anonymity that cryptocurrencies provide, compounded with anonymity-hiding tools such as Tor, regulators find it difficult to discover money laundering and other illicit activities. Additionally, 83 other cryptocurrencies based on the bitcoin model have sprung into being since 2009.
According to Jeremy Allaire, the CEO of Circle Internet Financial, “terrorists will seek to employ digital currency if it remains unregulated.” Cryptocurrency networks are similar in principle to hawala networks, which have been employed by terrorist groups to launder money to the United States and other target countries. Websites like Silk Road, the Sheep Marketplace, and Black Market Reloaded are online marketplaces where users can buy and sell illegal drugs and weapons using cryptocurrencies. Law enforcement has found it difficult to combat these illicit transactions; after being shut down by the FBI in 2013, Silk Road reopened a few months later. The evidence of cryptocurrency abetting human traffickers is more anecdotal; however, law enforcement officials believe that cryptocurrencies enable the anonymous trade of child pornography.
U.S. regulators have struggled to cope with the explosion of cryptocurrency networks, due mostly to the legal and functional differences between traditional currencies and cryptocurrencies like bitcoin. The main problem is that current financial law cannot be applied clearly to cryptocurrency exchanges; the U.S. Treasury Department claims authority over these exchanges via the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN). However, FinCEN's regulations are unclear about the information it requires from money service businesses that handle cryptocurrencies. The anonymity of cryptocurrency transactions further confounds regulation of any kind, even at the federal level. According to Sen. Tom Carper (D-DE), the chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, “virtual currencies, perhaps most notably bitcoin, have captured the imagination of some, struck fear among others, and confused the heck out of many of us.”
The Future of Cryptocurrency
The future of bitcoin and its cryptocurrency counterparts remains uncertain. The Senate continues to consider regulatory action in committee, while states like New York have already taken action. On July 17th, Benjamin Lawsky, superintendent for New York's Department of Financial Services, proposed new regulations for virtual currency businesses. Its flagship regulation, the ‘BitLicense' plan, will require all companies that handle cryptocurrency to purchase a license from New York. The 40-page plan is subject to a ‘public comment period' of 45 days beginning July 23rd; then, the department will revise the proposal and release it for another review period.
Critics of the proposed New York legislation argue that regulations will drive bitcoin startups out-of-state. Additionally, the regulations appear to cover a class of businesses that are not subject to federal regulations. In a response posted on Reddit, Lawsky cited the February 2014 bankruptcy of the Tokyo-based Mt. Gox exchange as a reason for regulation. The $460 million theft remains unsettled; Mt. Gox likely was the victim of hackers—850,000 bitcoins were declared missing due to a security breach. Before filing for bankruptcy, the exchange shut down withdrawals and blocked users from removing their bitcoins from the market.
The same arguments resurface as the U.S. Senate considers regulation. Advocates of regulation emphasize the anonymity that enables terrorist financing, black market trade, and child pornography. The bitcoin community emphasizes the benefits of cryptocurrencies, including privacy and accessibility. According to Jerry Brito, a senior research fellow at George Mason University's Mercatus Center, cryptocurrencies are more accessible to young entrepreneurs and the world's poorest. Countries like New Zealand and Indonesia have declined to establish regulations on cryptocurrencies, while countries like Russia and Bolivia have banned and criminalized bitcoin. Other options for the United States include expanding existing regulation to account for cryptocurrencies (like Germany), or creating new domestic regulations (like Brazil).
As bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies grow in market cap and in notoriety, corporations are beginning to take notice. German bitcoin ATM manufacturer BitXatm has announced its plan to build 1,000 machines in the United States. Once installed, these ATMs will comprise the world's largest bitcoin ATM network. In other news, Dell—the third largest PC seller in the world—has announced that the company will accept bitcoin as a payment option. Following the trend established by Dish Network, Expedia, and Overstock, Dell's announcement solidifies bitcoin's mainstream acceptance. At the time of the June 18th announcement, Dell is the largest company in the world to accept bitcoin as legitimate payment. As more and more companies jump on the ‘bitcoin bandwagon,' cryptocurrencies seem poised to change the landscape of modern commerce.
Thanks to my colleague Samuel Dunham for his research on bitcoin. His policy brief on cryptocurrencies (and his analysis of potential regulations) can be accessed here.
Photo: Francis Storr (cc).
Image copyright PA/Getty Images Image caption ITV said its piece had been meant to "celebrate Sir Lenny's significant achievements"
ITV has apologised for showing a news item about Sir Lenny Henry receiving a knighthood that briefly featured footage of TV cook Ainsley Harriott.
The gaffe was picked up by a number of viewers, among them Sanjeev Bhaskar, who suggested the broadcaster had "misunderstood diversity issues".
ITV News blamed the mistake on "an error in the production process".
Sir Lenny said he was "very thankful" to receive a knighthood from the Queen for services to drama and charity.
The Comic Relief co-founder has often spoken out on the subject of diversity in the media, a topic he was again asked to comment about on Friday.
"We've made progress as far as on-screen representation is concerned," said the 57-year-old following the investiture ceremony at Windsor Castle.
"But there's a lot of work to be done in the furthering of diversity behind the camera."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sir Lenny Henry described the knighthood as 'wonderful'
"ITV News apologises for the error broadcast in the lunchtime news package today regarding Sir Lenny Henry's knighthood at the palace," said an ITV News spokesperson.
"This was the result of an error in the production process in a piece intended to celebrate Sir Lenny's significant achievements in British entertainment."
BBC News has contacted Ainsley Harriott for comment.
By Simon Evans
MANCHESTER, Sept 8 (Reuters) - England's Football League, which includes the second tier Championship, is considering introducing pay-per-view live-streams of their games for international fans.
The introduction of new technology at the 72 stadiums across the three divisions of the Football League this season allows for real-time broadcasting from all games for the first time.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
"This technology would allow us to stream games, subject to all the rights, overseas at the time they are being played," Football League chief executive Shaun Harvey told a meeting at the Soccerex convention.
"We could widen our stadiums to screens all over the world. What additional income does that generate for the Football League? That is an evaluation that we are going through at the moment," he said.
The Championship includes a number of clubs with significant fan-bases including internationally-known teams like Leeds United and Nottingham Forest and sides recently relegated from the Premier League like Fulham and Burnley.
Speaking to Reuters on the margins of the meeting, Harvey said pay-per-view streaming could run alongside the league's existing global television deals.
"It is something that is part of the overall development plan of what we are doing. It is something that is at least two seasons away, purely on the basis of where our international rights sales are at this moment in time but it is a very realistic possibility thereafter," he said.
"You would have an opportunity of being able to watch your club live anywhere in the world. What we have to balance that off against is what would the potential loss be in overseas sales rights for the league as a whole but there is every suggestion that would work," added Harvey.
Story continues
The league recently conducted an online survey called 'Stand up and be counted' which aimed to register fans of the league around the world and they are looking at which countries would present the best opportunities for the service.
"The research is under way, this isn't going to happen by chance," said Harvey.
ITN productions, which earlier this year signed a three-year deal to deliver footage of Football League games to Channel Five for their domestic Saturday night highlights show, has introduced the technology that makes global streaming possible. (Reporting by Simon Evans; editing by Toby Davis)
Home Holiday Apartments in Singapore
Take a break and enjoy a well deserved holiday amidst the green resort-like serviced apartments in the heart of Singapore. Welcome to Treetops Executive Residences, the premier eco-luxury serviced apartments in Singapore . Coined as the “Urban Oasis”, Treetops is located a stone's throw away from Orchard Road, the world famous shopping belt that offers nearly 800,000 sq m of retail, dining and entertainment options. This makes Treetops the perfect escape for your holidays with tons of family fun alongside an extensive range of shopping, dining and entertainment options while allowing you to thoroughly relax at the end of the day amidst the lush greenery within the apartment estate.
Treetops Executive Residences is fully equipped with amenities such as a swimming pool, gym, tennis court, playground and a jogging track all under one roof so that you can take a day or two off from the busy shopping spree to just relax and spend some quality time with your loved ones with an array of personalized services, an outdoor Jacuzzi , swimming pool and many more. Treetops also offers facilities such as a well equipped gymnasium, children's playground, and BBQ pits for the enjoyment for your entire family. All of these facilities are surrounded by lush green foliage and cascading waterfalls, creating a beautiful tropical home away from home.
Treetops Executive Residences has 220 units of fully furnished apartments with modern kitchenettes, holistic designed living rooms and comfortable beds with certified orthopedic mattresses. We also believe the importance of having of good quality in-door air as you spend an substantial number of hours inside the apartment. Through the use of professional air filtering systems to help remove dust and bacterial in all apartments, and to maintain an optimal level of oxygen, we ensure that you and your family is well taken care of.
Green elements are also introduced in almost every aspect of the residence from the use of non-toxic cleaning materials to the availability of organic bathroom amenities for use . Treetop has also implemented the use of energy efficient Tri-gen system to supply energy to the entire building reducing our energy consumption by 50% as compared to the year 2007. These greener elements and makes Treetops distinctly different from its counterparts, offering you a truly eco-luxury living experience for the body, mind and soul.
Enjoy your holidays with the finest hospitality brought to you by the pioneers in this field, Edmund Tie & Company Hospitality Management Services. Making every memory count at Treetops Executive Residences.
These days, it's almost impossible not to know how important it is to protect your skin when you're out in the sun. But what if you're an athlete or you sweat excessively, and you have to spend a lot of time outside? If you can't reapply sunscreen as often as you need to for it to be effective, you may need another option. Well, as the saying goes, necessity is the mother of invention -- and that's how sunscreen pills came to be.
Sunscreen pills sound way too good to be true, and in a way they are. They can't completely replace sunscreen, and they they're not as effective at blocking the sun's effects as sunblock. But when used in tandem with sunscreen, sunscreen pills may help keep the sun from damaging your skin.
When we spend time out in the sun, we get tan -- it's our body's natural defense against the sun's ultraviolet rays. However, repeated exposure to UV rays can damage your skin and eventually lead to everything from premature aging to cancer. Traditional sunscreens block ultraviolet light before it hits your skin, helping to reduce the amount of damage UV light can do.
While sunscreen protects us from the outside, sunscreen pills help protect us from the inside. They usually contain vitamins and strong antioxidants that we may not get enough of in our day-to-day diet [source: Gunsch]. These ingredients may help protect our bodies against damaging free radicals caused by ultraviolet light's interaction with our cells.
Some sunscreen pills have shown promising effects of easing sunburn pain on top of helping to prevent sunburn. However, at the end of the day, the key phrase to keep in mind is "helping to prevent." So far, there's no pill that can completely take the place of sunscreen and a hat.
Visit the following page for more information about sunscreen pills.
Related Articles
Sources:
State to build fence between Nimitz Hwy. viaduct, bike path Copyright by KHON - All rights reserved Video
The state is trying to make it safer for people to bike and jog along Nimitz Highway.
On Friday, the Hawaii Department of Transportation will begin installing a fence between the Nimitz viaduct and the adjacent bike path between Ahua and Middle streets.
Officials hope the fence will keep away stray dogs and secure the highway area for department operations and storage.
"We have heard from the community who have had some concerns that some stray dogs are in the area and so we want to be able to create a buffer between the bike path users, who are the bicyclists and pedestrians, and those dogs," said DOT spokesman Tim Sakahara.
Officials are working in close coordination with various agencies -- including the Office of the Homeless Coordinator, the Department of Land and Natural Resources, and service providers -- to ensure bike path users and homeless who live in the area are aware of the upcoming work.
"It will be an active construction zone during the time the fence is going up, so we are going to temporarily have to close down the bike path during work here, because there will be heavy machinery, crews working, things like that," Sakahara said. "So for the safety of everybody, the bike path itself area will have to be closed down."
The Hawaiian Humane Society will also be on site to care for any stray animals in the area.
No lane closures will be necessary to complete the work.
State law (HRS 264-6 and 264-12) prohibits the placement or storage of structures, vehicles, equipment, or other objects within the state highway right-of-way without HDOT's permission. Any property remaining in the highway area unattended without authority for a continuous period of at least 24 hours by and that has not been identified as trash will be considered to be abandoned and stored for a minimum of 45 days. Any such abandoned property shall be handled by the State of Hawaii pursuant to HRS 171-31.5.
Click here for more information.
Dressed in a low-cut pink shirt, tight black booty pants, and thick, plastic platform stilettos, Stephanie Babines doesn't look the part of a political rabble-rouser. Yet an activist is exactly what Babines became when her efforts to help women shape up through fully clothed, decidedly G-rated stripper-inspired aerobics ran afoul of overzealous officials in the small western Pennsylvania town of Mars. This unyieldingly perky 31-year-old entrepreneur, standing in the small forest of steel poles that shoot up from the floor of her mirrored dance and fitness studio, has taught dance-phobic authorities an expensive lesson in federal court.
“It's pretty surreal to get calls from the New York Times and Wall Street Journal, never mind Dr. Phil, Jerry Springer, and America's Got Talent,” Babines laughs, leaning back beneath a bookshelf filled with such revolutionary tomes as The World According to Mr. Rogers and The Housewife's Guide to the Practical Striptease. “It's not attention I went looking for.”
A few years ago Babines was a senior executive at a financial services company, nary a feather boa dancing in her head, struggling with an 80-hour workweek that severely depleted her enthusiasm for the
gymnasium. One night over dinner a friend mentioned that pole dancing had become the hot new fitness trend. On a whim Babines purchased a pole online. “I thought it would be something silly to laugh about with my friends,” she says, “until I started losing weight like crazy and fitting into cute jeans.”
With the fire of a convert burning in her rapidly shrinking belly, Babines took a pilgrimage to the Las Vegas studio of fitness pole dancing's grand doyen, Fawnia Mondey, known more for her work in the instructional DVD Strip To It: Bump n' Grind than for her appearances in such postapocalyptic feature films as White Slave Lovers and Forbidden Rage: White Slave Secrets. Babines returned home as the first Pennsylvanian to hold one of Mondey's pole dance instructor certificates, signifying mastery of more than 60 moves and routines as well as basic first aid, should it ever be necessary to treat a client for excessive gyration.
Babines printed brochures and began teaching what quickly became overflow classes three nights a week at a local dance studio. Realizing she needed a place to stake her own pole(s), Babines rented space to pursue a more expansive, vampy fitness vision, including Power Lap Dance (“challenge your core and unleash your inner vixen!”), yoga, belly dancing, Hip Hop Aerobics (“learn the art of popping, locking, crunk, & funk”), and sessions with “Pittsburgh's only certified Hoopnotica Hoop Dancing Instructor.”
Babines sank thousands into renovating her studio. The town inspector made mostly small requests light the exit sign, replace the furnace valve, and so on. But then she was blindsided by a subsequent letter declaring that the studio, which was christened Oh My You're Gorgeous, was an “adult business” ineligible for an occupancy permit. This was a perplexing pronouncement on a facility that forbade spectators and catered solely to fully clothed women.
Despite its cheeky name, the city of Mars isn't always amenable to cultural efforts perceived as alien. The “pink-and-black color scheme of Ms. Babines' website and the high-heeled shoe in her logo” were enough, according to court documents, to convince Code Enforcement Officer Gary Peaco to protect the community from these exercise classes.
“I've lived here my whole life, worked hard, paid my taxes, stayed out of trouble,” Babines says. “I was shocked something I worked so hard for could be taken away over a misunderstanding, no questions asked.”
Appeals to the zoning board went nowhere. Five students, including a devoutly Christian grandmother, spoke on their instructor's behalf. No one spoke against. Babines publicly invited board members to send their wives over for a workout. “One class with girls like me exercising in five layers of sweaty clothes, and the idea that this is an undercover strip club would have become hilarious to them,” says Karen Nolan, a 25-year-old pole-exercise devotee and self-identified “ex-chunky monkey.” All to no avail: Babines' two allotted appeals were denied. “Any sexual connotation, however mild, and some people suspect the worst,” says another student, 47-year-old Tina Valeska. “The real story is a lot of women found an exercise program we could actually stick with. That wasn't sexy enough for their imaginations, I guess.”
Legal bills piled up. Babines contemplated selling her house to continue the fight in state court. Desperate, she took a day off from work and drove to the Pittsburgh offices of the American Civil Liberties Union.
They didn't take walk-ins. It began to rain. Through tears Babines scribbled out a seven-page plea, stuffed it into the mail slot, and drove back to Mars demoralized, unaware that an ACLU lawyer would call that very afternoon or that she would soon have to warn her unsuspecting day job boss that one of his analysts was about to be outed on the A.P. wire as a crusader for strip-pole rights.
“We don't usually take on zoning cases, but look more closely and this really is a classic ACLU case,” ACLU attorney Sarah Rose says. “Government officials were using the zoning code to crack down on the First Amendment–protected teaching of an expressive art they found controversial.” Last August the ACLU filed a scathing complaint in federal court, comparing authorities in Adams Township, of which Mars is a borough, unfavorably to communists (“while a repressive country like China allows dance studios to teach pole dancing, the defendants in this small Butler County town have misapplied their zoning code to deny Ms. Babines her right to teach this new combination of art and sport to interested adult women”) and requesting relief from “the pall of orthodoxy imposed by defendants on the people in their town who wish to communicate unconventional ideas.”
The township folded. Babines had her occupancy permit by October. In February she was awarded $75,000 in damages and attorney's fees. The settlement forbids “peeping booths” and nudity, up to and including “the showing of the covered male genitals in a discernibly turgid state.” None of this, of course, was ever part of the program, but Babines doesn't mind codifying it. “If there's one thing I hope people take away from this, besides that they should stand up for their rights even if the situation seems hopeless,” she says, “it's that women don't need to be naked in front of an audience of men to be hot or sexy or empowered.”
Shawn Macomber (shawnmacomber@gmail.com) is a writer in Philadelphia.
Did you like my previous CSS tutorial on how to create gradient text effects? I'm using the same trick to show you how to decorate your images and photo galleries without editing the source images. The trick is very simple. All you need is an extra <span> tag and apply a background image to create the overlaying effect. It is very easy and flexible — see my demos with over 20 styles, from a simple image icon to a rounded corner to a masked layer (both decorative and complex).
View Demo Gallery
Download Demo ZIP
What Are The Benefits Of This CSS Trick?
Saves Time — You don't have to manually create the decorative template in Photoshop and export the individual image.
— You don't have to manually create the decorative template in Photoshop and export the individual image. Keeps Original Source Images — So you don't have to worry about changing the design theme in the future.
— So you don't have to worry about changing the design theme in the future. Very Flexible — You can have a completely different look and feel by just editing the CSS.
— You can have a completely different look and feel by just editing the CSS. It Works on Any Site — This CSS trick works on any type of site, with any image size.
— This CSS trick works on any type of site, with any image size. Cross-Browser CompatIble — It has passed the test on most browsers (Firefox, Safari, Opera, and even the "buggy IE6").
Basic Concept (see demo)
You need to insert an extra <span> tag within the <div> tag, with which we'll apply a background image to create the overlaying effect. If you don't like to have an empty span tag, you can append the span tag by Javascript (I'll show you how later in this tutorial). Here is how it works:
Then in the CSS, the key point you have to remember is: specify the div element to position:relative and the span element to position:absolute . You can position the span element anywhere you want by using the top and left property.
IE PNG Hack
To make the transparent PNG image work on IE6, I use this wonderful iepngfix.htc hack. Download a copy of iepngfix.htc and insert the following code in between the <head> tag:
<!--[if lt IE 7]> <style type="text/css"> .photo span { behavior: url(iepngfix.htc); } </style> <![endif]-->
Look and Feel
To change the look and feel, simply edit the CSS specifications of the span element. Click the image below to see the demos I have. To show you how flexible it is, I've created 15 different styles (notice the HTML markup is same).
The jQuery Solution (see demo)
I know some of you (particularly the web accessibility fans) don't like to have an empty span tag in the markup. Well, I've solved this issue by using jQuery to append the span tag to the source code. Insert the following code in between the <head> tag:
<script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.js"></script> <script type="text/javascript"> $(document).ready(function(){ //prepend span tag $(".photo a").prepend("<span></span>"); }); </script>
#1. Simple Gallery (see demo)
Let's take the technique from the previous step and apply it to create a photo gallery.
#1b. Mini Icons (see demo)
This example shows you how to position different icons on top of each photo (note: an extra CSS class name is required in the span tag).
#2. Photo With Text (see demo)
This example shows you how to create a gallery with linking text ( em tag).
#2b. Popup Text (see demo)
#3. Mini Paper Clip (see demo)
#4. Cork Board Gallery (see demo, IE6 version)
sIFR Version (Flash Text Replacement) (see sIFR demo)
This example uses sIFR to replace the em text with a handwritten font (notes: in this demo, the span tag is appended by jQuery)
#4b. Cork Board With Masking Tape (see demo, IE6 version)
#5. Art Gallery – Black Frame (see demo)
#5b. Art Gallery – Gold Frame (see demo)
#6. Grungy Watercolor (see demo)
sIFR Version (see sIFR demo)
#7. Glossy Style (see demo)
#8. Wood Panel Gallery (see demo)
Finally, this example demonstrates how you can apply the background image to all elements to create a wood panel gallery: ul , li , and em .
Final Remarks
As you can see, this CSS trick is very flexible. So, be creative! Feel free to incorporate the graphic images and CSS styles in this tutorial to create your own.
Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte has spoken of his desire to reinstate the death penalty in the country saying growing atheism and agnosticism means people have developed a lack of fear and respect for the law.
The death penalty was officially abolished in the primarily Catholic country in 2006, but Duterte said that 'if God doesn't exist', capital punishment is the only way to ensure justice for the victims of terrible crimes.
Speaking to reporters on Monday the firebrand leader hinted that previous presidents had succumbed to pressure from priests and other 'bleeding hearts' who argued against capital punishment 'because only God can kill'.
Scroll down for video
Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte meets female police officers. The firebrand leader has made many remarks that has earned him the reputation of a loose cannon
Duterte, who assumed office in June and has launched deadly raids against drug gangs in the country, also questioned his own belief in God during the address.
'When a one-year-old baby, 18-months-old baby is taken from the mother's arms brought under a jeep and raped and killed. So where is God? My God, where are you?' he asked the crowd in capital Manila .
'I believe in God but that is my perpetual question to him,' he added.
'Where were you when we needed you?' He asked.
'It's not enough to say that at the end of the world, he will judge the living and the dead. What would be the purpose of all of that if the heartaches, sorrows and agony have already been inflicted in this world?' Duterte said.
Around 3,500 people have been killed by Duterte's death squads that are at war with the country's drug gangs
Police officers inspect the bodies of two supposed drug dealers killed by government forces in Manila on Friday
The former mayor of Davao City then cited the rising number of agnostics and atheists in the country as a reason as to why citizens don't have respect for the law-as they won't be held accountable for their actions after death.
'People in the Philippines no longer believe in the laws, because the fear is not there,' Duterte said in a mix of Filipino and English.
'That is why I said, give me back the death penalty.'
Although Duterte has campaigned for the death penalty around 3,500 people have been killed by death squads in his war on drugs since he came to power.
The leader is prone to controversy. Earlier in September a former member of one of his death squads claimed that Duterte had shot dead a justice department agent with an Uzi submachine gun and fed bodies to crocodiles while serving as mayor of Davao.
The claim, made by an alleged hitman, was strongly denied by the President's office.
A meeting with US president Barack Obama was cancelled after he called him a 'son of a whore' as it was believed the talks would focus solely on the death squads.
He also aimed expletives at UN secretary Ban-Ki moon and said he would eat a group of Islamist militants alive after they killed 14 people in his home city of Davao.
arget="_blank"http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd">
Richard Nixon on Environment
Richard Nixon on Environment President of the U.S., 1968-1974
1969: Halt all dumping in the Great Lakes
1970: Created cabinet-level Council on Environmental Quality
1970-72: Created EPA which passed Clean Air Act
Built the SST; environmental concerns will be met
A. The problem here is that when reports are prepared f President, they are supposed to be held in confidence and some of those who participate in the making of those reports have that assurance. Now, with regard to the SST, I have satisfied myself, after long deliberation and considering both of reports, that the arguments with regard to the environment could be met, that this prototype should be built. What is involved here is not just 150,000 jobs which will be lost if we don't build it; but what is lost here is the fact that the U been first in the world in commercial aviation from the time of the Wright brothers, decides not just to be second but not even to show. I think the US should build it, and I believe that we can answer the arguments of the conservationists
Establish the Environmental Protection Agency
A far more effective approach to pollution control would: Identify pollutants.
Trace them through the entire ecological chain, observing and recording changes in form as they occur.
Determine the tot of man and his environment.
Examine interactions among forms of pollution.
Identify where in the ecological chain interdiction would be most appropriate.
Source: Message to Congress to Establish the EPA (APP#215) , Jul 9, 1970
Make peace with nature; restore nature to its natural state
Restoring nature to its natural state is a cause beyond party and beyond factions. It has become a common cause of all the people of this country. It is a cause of particular concern to young Americans, because they more than we will reap the grim consequences of our failure to act on programs which are needed now if we are to prevent disaster later. Clean air, clean water, open spaces-these should once again be the birthright of every American. If we act now, they can be.
$10 billion for nationwide clean water program
It is not a program for just one year. A year's plan in this field is no plan at all. This is a time to look ahead not a year, but 5 years or 10 years--whatever time is required to do the job. I shall propose to this Congress a $10 billion nationwide clean waters program to put modern municipal waste treatment plants in every place in America where they are needed to make our waters clean again, and do it now. We have the industrial capacity, if we begin now, to build them all within 5 years. This program will get them built within 5 years.
Search for...
X
Page last updated: Sep 12, 2018
September 6, 2012 at 9:20 AM
The League of Women Voters of Seattle-King County is hosting a panel debate on drug policy reform and marijuana legalization at today, Thurs., Sept. 6 at 7 p.m. at Seattle's Town Hall. Panelists include two supporters of Initiative 502, which would legalize and regulate recreational marijuana use – former U.S. Attorney in Seattle John McKay and former Spokane County public health director Dr. Kim Marie Thorburn. Commander Pat Slack of the Snohomish County Regional Drug Task Force will be taking the con side. I'll be moderating and taking audience questions.
I-502, filed by McKay last year, decriminalizes possession of up to one ounce of marijuana for adults and allows for heavily taxed and regulated sales of cannabis products in state-licensed storefront “pot shops.” It would set up state-licensed marijuana grow farms, legalize hemp production and pay for hundreds of millions of dollars of drug-abuse research. It also creates one of the nation's strictest DUI laws regarding marijuana.
What would the federal government do if Washington voters pass it? What effect would it have on kids? Would it save money by diverting law enforcement away from marijuana possession cases? Would you bring a joint to your next dinner party if it were legal?
Send me you question at jmartin@seattletimes.com.
[ A story still asleep. It dreams. ]
This is the description from Annwn Willows, a gorgeous sim I have had on my list to visit for ages and finally this morning I went there. The difference with most other sims is..this has a beautiful setting completely underwater, but not in the “mermaid” style, so you do not need to swim or sport a tail :). There are some builds above the water too, but I stayed on the ground. Next time I will explore the other heights, because I know I will go back!
It is beautifully decorated, less is more is obviously a motto, and a joy for photography! For the pictures in this blogpost I have used several windlights, instead of the regional one, and pushed up the ‘glow' quite a bit to get a better ‘underwater effect' – without photoshopping :).
(note: if you are not familiar with using ‘Glow”…remember to push it down when you go out of the water, on the ground it will blind you!)
Father Anthony Musaala, a popular and charismatic priest in Uganda, awaits the final decision on his suspension following the publication of a letter decrying what he calls the "open secret" of sexual abuse and sexual activity involving African priests.
The controversy started earlier this year after media got a hold of the letter -- sent to Archbishop of Kampala, Dr. Cyprian Kizito Lwanga, in March -- that accused Ugandan priests of keeping secret wives, children and abusing minors, according to All Africa. The letter also suggested a change to the Catholic Church's policy of celibacy.
At the time, Lwanga noted that he takes any allegations of abuse seriously but said Musaala's letter "damages good morals of Catholic believers and faults the Catholic teaching," according to the outlet.
"I deeply think of the immense suffering caused by the article produced in the media authored by Fr. Anthony Musaala, that seemed to be casting a dark shadow of suspicion on all priests," Lwanga said in a statement.
Musaala said he did not mean for the letter to go public, explaining that it was leaked without his permission, according to Ugandan television program NBS. On the other hand, he said, the problems detailed in the letter stem in part from the church's impenetrable cloak of secrecy.
"It's wonderful to be loyal, like one should be loyal to ones family," Musaala told NBS. "But there is an unhealthy silence ... People don't want to talk in any other forum about what is going on under the table."
While he estimated that a very large number of priests defy the Vatican and are sexually active, an exact number is impossible to estimate. Nevertheless, he stressed the problem can not just be swept under the rug forever.
"We can bury our heads in the sand," Musaala, who admitted he had been abused as a Catholic school boy, said.
As pressure in the media intensified, Lwanga later acknowledged that some abuses had occurred but refused to give details about any internal investigations or rescind Musaala's suspension, according to Uganda's Daily Monitor.
As he awaits a final decision on his suspension, Musaala told The Los Angeles Times he has little to do but pray and read the Bible. Worried for his safety, he said he has even contemplated leaving Uganda.
"[Some media reports] have written that I'm masquerading as a Catholic priest but I am a devil worshiper who has to be stopped at all costs. I'm trying to take it day by day," he said.
As the The Los Angeles Times notes, Catholicism is the most popular religion in Uganda, where it flourishes in a particularly conservative vein.
Cardinal Peter Turkson of Ghana, once a frontrunner to succeed Pope Benedict XVI, claimed in February that the African Catholic church does not have a sexual abuse problem like its European and Western counterparts, "because African traditional systems kind of protect or have protected its population against this tendency."
Updated 11.51
THE DEPARTMENT OF Justice has said that there is “no question” of the President needing permission to visit asylum centres.
The President's office has confirmed to TheJournal.ie that he plans to visit a centre “shortly”, after an event was cancelled at a centre in Westmeath.
The President had been invited to visit the asylum centre in Athlone by a local radio station, but the plan was nixed by the Reception and Integration Agency (RIA), who act under the aegis of the Department of Justice.
The Department says that the plan hadn't been cleared with them, so for “logistical and safety reasons”, they had been forced to cancel it.
The event was organised and an invitation was issued directly to the President's office without having first received permission from RIA to host the event in the centre in question.
“There is no question of the President seeking or needing permission to visit a Direct Provision centre in accordance with the normal protocols of his office. For the avoidance of any misunderstanding he was not refused permission to visit the particular centre in question in Athlone.
“In the particular circumstances, it was decided by RIA that for operational reasons and specifically for reasons of safety that to allow Athlone Community Radio to go ahead with the proposed broadcast would not at that time be in the best interests of the safe running of the centre.”
A spokesperson for the President said that the details of a visit to a centre would be announced in due course, but could not comment further.
Part I: Defensive Line
Part II: Wide Receivers & Tight Ends
Part III: Secondary
Part IV: Linebackers
Part V: Offensive Line
Part VI: Running Backs & Fullbacks
Part VII: Quarterbacks
Part VIII: Summary & Recommendations
State Of The Position
By the time all the analysis is done, this will go down as possibly the best secondary in this history of the NFL. Some will disagree. Nobody will be able to credibly dismiss the discussion out of hand. On a team where respect is hard to find outside the Pacific NW, this legion of budding legends needs no introduction. Earl Thomas was the best defender in football at the age of 24, only missing out on the title because he split votes with the best cornerback in football, Richard Sherman, who is 25. And both would call out the best strong safety, Kam Chancellor (also 25), as being the best player in their group down the stretch.
They lost a former Pro Bowl corner in Brandon Browner to a drug suspension, and managed to improve with the play of Byron Maxwell, who had 4 interceptions in five starts. Only five corners in the NFL had more interceptions on the year, and all had hundreds more snaps. Maxwell punctuated his year with memorable punch-fumble against the Broncos in the Super Bowl. His emergence clarified the Seahawks free agent and draft priorities a little, as Maxwell is under contract for the 2014 season.
The most unheralded member of the group was Walter Thurmond III, who is arguably the best cover corner of the bunch. Maxwell and Sherman are fantastic edge press corners. Thurmond is as well, but can also slide inside any cover the Wes Welker's of the world. He can play in any scheme, and it is not clear that a player like Maxwell or Browner can. Thurmond stayed healthy the whole year, but had a 4-game drug suspension that will cost him millions in free agency.
Jeremy Lane proved he deserves to be in the mix at nickel corner. Inside corner is almost a completely different position than edge corner, and requires very different skills. There is no sideline to act as a defender. Lateral quickness, instincts and route recognition are paramount. Lane acquitted himself well in Thurmond's absence, while also being one of the best special teams players in the NFL throughout the year.
Depth at safety is a question. Jeron Johnson was injured much of the year. Chris Maragos is a great special teams player that we do not know much about as a safety. DeShawn Shead is a promising young player who joined the roster late. He can play both corner and safety, but what I saw in training camp was someone who could be a quality free safety backup and good special teams player. He is one to watch.
The team has players like Chandler Fenner, Tharold Simon, Akeem Auguste and Terrance Parks who will get a chance to step forward and keep the depth young, and more importantly, inexpensive.
2014 Seahawks Free Agent Defensive Backs:
CB Brandon Browner
CB Walter Thurmond
S Jeron Johnson (Restricted)
S Chris Maragos
Seahawks DBs Under Contract:
CB Chandler Fenner
CB Jeremy Lane
CB Byron Maxwell
CB Richard Sherman
CB Tharold Simon
CB Akeem Auguste (Futures contract)
DB Terrance Parks (Futures contract)
CB/S DeShawn Shead
S Earl Thomas
S Kam Chancellor
2014 Positional Spending
These numbers are provided by OverTheCap.com, and represent what the Seahawks currently have on the books to spend at the position in 2014, as well as where that ranks in the NFL. Being ranked #1 means the team is spending more at that position than any other team, and #32 would mean they are spending the least.
CB: $3,675,973 (#28)
S : $12,288,212 (#5)
Free Agents
The only free agents the Seahawks will consider in the secondary will be their own. There could be a third-tier safety they kick the tires of, but nothing serious.
Walter Thurmond III
Thurmond was headed toward being the #1 or #2 cornerback on the free agent market before his suspension. Now he faces a year suspension the next time he tests positive. Many teams will not want to take that risk. Thurmond is a high quality person and an elite corner who has been unable to control his pot usage. Someone–my guess is Jacksonville–will get a major bargain with him as a free agent. He can be a Pro Bowl performer and a #1 corner on many defenses. Having him as part of this secondary was perhaps the team's greatest luxury. Ask any player on the team just how good Thurmond is. I wish him all the success on his next stop.
Brandon Browner
Browner joins the ranks of those that cost themselves dearly with pot usage. His suspension is indefinite and his status is unclear. The most likely outcome at this point would seem to be Browner is out of football as missing next season at his age, with a lifetime ban looming as the next strike, just would not be attractive to most teams. The Seahawks would definitely consider him at the veteran's minimum for one year, but far more likely is they turn the page and try to develop the younger players behind Maxwell.
Jeron Johnson
Johnson is a restricted free agent, and I would not expect the Seahawks to tender him, which would make him unrestricted. He is a very good special teams player, and a guy who made some impact plays on defense, but his durability has become an issue. Look for the team to bring him back late in free agency, depending on what they see available in the draft. Johnson is more the backup to Chancellor, where Shead and Maragos play behind Thomas. There is no other backup strong safety on the roster.
Chris Maragos
Maragos is similar to Johnson in terms of special teams prowess, except that he has far fewer snaps on the defense. Another quality person who also possesses elite speed, Maragos will probably need to find employment elsewhere in 2014 as the team allows the cheaper Shead to step forward.
The Ubuntu Kernel team releases new Kernel updates, bug fixes, and security patches every month. If you are a long-time Ubuntu user, and regularly updating your Ubuntu system, then it might be accumulated with a lot of unused and old Kernels. So, there are chances that the /boot partition in your hard disk will run out of disk space over a period of time. If your /boot partition is full, you can't upgrade the system or you can't even upgrade your Kernel to any latest available version. This is no good, and it is very important to regularly update your Kernel and software. To do so, you should have enough free space in the /boot partition. This is why it is always a good practice to remove unused Kernels, unnecessary packages, dependencies, and system cache periodically. Keep in mind that in order to function Ubuntu system properly, you must have enough free space in /boot and /root partitions.
Of course, We can easily wipe out the system cache, unneeded packages and dependencies using commands:
$ sudo apt-get autoremove
$ sudo apt-get autoclean
But the problem is this works only if you have installed the kernels automatically, or if you have installed them using Software updater. These commands will not remove manually installed kernels. However, you can use some third-party utilities such as Ubuntu Tweak to remove obsolete Kernels, packages, and dependencies which are no longer necessary. But Ubuntu Tweak is a GUI utility, so we can't use it servers that has no Graphical mode.
No worries, there is a utility called ‘purge-old-kernels' to safely remove old Kernels from your Ubuntu systems. This utility is created by Dustin Kirkland from Ubuntu Product and Strategy team. It will safely remove the old and unused Kernels and header packages which are not necessary anymore from your Ubuntu desktop and server.
Remove Old Kernels In Ubuntu using purge-old-kernels utility
The purge-old-kernels utility comes preinstalled with Ubuntu 16.04 LTS and newer versions by default. In older versions, you have to install ‘byobu' or ‘bikeshed' to use this utility.
$ sudo apt-get install bikeshed
Or
$ sudo apt-get install byobu
To remove the old Kernels safely, just run:
$ sudo purge-old-kernels
Sample output:
Reading package lists... Done Building dependency tree Reading state information... Done The following package was automatically installed and is no longer required: linux-headers-4.4.0-21 Use 'sudo apt autoremove' to remove it. The following packages will be REMOVED: linux-headers-4.4.0-21-generic* linux-image-4.4.0-21-generic* linux-image-extra-4.4.0-21-generic* 0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 3 to remove and 0 not upgraded. After this operation, 224 MB disk space will be freed. Do you want to continue? [Y/n]
As you see in the above output, the old kernels have occupied 224 MB in my Ubuntu 16.04 server. Press ‘Y' to get rid of the unused Kernels to free up some space.
If there is no old Kernels in your system, this utility will display the following message.
No kernels are eligible for removal
Obviously, it will never remove the currently running kernel. By default, it will keep at least two latest kernels, but the user can override that value using the —keep parameter.
For example, to remove all old kernels except 3 latest Kernels, run:
$ sudo purge-old-kernels --keep 3 -qy
For more details, refer man pages.
$ man purge-old-kernels
Important: It is highly recommended to keep at least two Kernels (Current Kernel and one old Kernel). In case, you had any problems, such as hardware or software compatibility issues with the current Kernel, you can immediately switch back to the old Kernel. This way you can still have a chance to fix what could be the problem with the current Kernel. So, do not remove all old Kernels. It is always good practice to have at least one old Kernel for any emergency backup.
Suggested read:
And, that's all for now. Hope this guide helps. If you find our guides useful, please share them on your social, professional networks and support OSTechNix.
More good stuffs to come. Stay tuned!
Reference link:
With just two weeks left until the Iowa caucuses, Donald Trump is escalating his attacks on rival Ted Cruz, whose popularity in the early nominating state currently eclipses the billionaire's support, according to recent polls.
During Saturday's early hours, Trump took to Twitter and fired at Cruz on multiple fronts: from Cruz's "natural-born" eligibility for the presidency to the Texan's debate-night insult of "New York values."
It started with a knock on the U.S. citizenship of the Canadian-born Cruz, which a lawsuit -- filed by a Houston attorney -- has recently called into question:
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 16, 2016
Trump then pivoted to Cruz's neglect in filing papers with the Federal Election Commission about a million-dollar loan he received from Goldman Sachs for his 2012 Senate campaign:
Ted Cruz said he "didn't know" that he was a Canadian Citizen. He also FORGOT to file his Goldman Sachs A Million $ loan papers.Not believable — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 16, 2016
Oh no, just reported that Ted Cruz didn't report another loan, this one from Citi. Wow, no wonder banks do so well in the U.S. Senate. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 16, 2016
Trump later hit Cruz for the Texas senator's slam against "New York values" during Thursday's GOP debate in South Carolina.
On Friday, after several Democrats banded together behind Trump over his debate stage defense of New York City, Cruz gave an "apology" for his remarks.
"So, today, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and Governor Andrew Cuomo and Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York City all demanded I apologize....Who do I say to no? I will apologize," the Texas senator said in South Carolina. "I apologize to the millions of New Yorkers who have been abandoned for years by liberal politicians...I apologize to all the New Yorkers who are pro-life, pro-marriage and pro-Second Amendment, who were told by their governor -- Governor Cuomo -- that there is no place for them in state of New York because that's not what New Yorkers believe."
But Trump called out his rival's latest comments on the issue, blasting them as a "wiseguy apology":
The Ted Cruz wiseguy apology to the people of New York is a disgrace. Remember, his wife's employer, and his lender, is located there! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 16, 2016
And then Trump took to speculating about Cruz's other possible business dealings:
Based on the fact that Ted Cruz was born in Canada and is therefore a "natural born Canadian," did he borrow unreported loans from C banks? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 16, 2016
Ted Cruz purposely, and illegally, did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. They own him! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 16, 2016
The once-cordial relationship between the two candidates has rapidly soured in recent weeks, as Cruz has overtaken the GOP front-runner in Iowa and is closing in on Trump's lead in New Hampshire.
On Saturday, responding to Trump's social media assault, Cruz derided Trump's newfound "nervous energy."
"It seems Donald doesn't react well when he's going down in the polls," Cruz told reporters in South Carolina. "Knowing Donald that has got to drive him nuts - got him out of bed this morning and tweeting and tweeting and tweeting."
"You know, in terms of a commander-in-chief, I think we ought to have someone who isn't springing out of bed and tweeting in response to the latest polls," the Texas senator continued. "Stable and steady and a calm hand to keep this country safe."
Fort McKay, Alberta (CNN) -- Celina Harpe was 7 when her grandfather made a prediction that would forever change her life.
"I won't see it, I'm too old now, but it's going to be really bad," she recalls him saying on a warm summer night after returning from a moose hunt. The two were standing on a hill that overlooks the birch-and-spruce-lined river here in far northwest Canada.
"You see these plants and this water we've got? That's going to be all polluted. You're going to have to buy water -- and water is life.
"Mother Earth is going to be all torn up."
His statement felt almost ludicrous at the time -- after all, the land seemed so infinite. Decades would pass before Harpe began to put any stock in those words. Now 72, she has watched oil companies surround her village with city-sized strip mines that look like something out of Mordor from "Lord of the Rings" -- with gas flares, smokestacks and the constant boom of propane cannons on the horizon. The explosions, which sound like mortar fire, are meant to scare off migratory birds. An oily death awaits them if they land in the area's toxic industrial lakes, byproducts of the mining process.
It seems hellish, but as easy-to-get oil sources dry up or become politically tricky to tap, risky forms of what writer Michael Klare calls "extreme energy" are becoming the norm.
"It's generally accepted that cheap, easy oil is over," said Brad Bellows, a spokesman for Suncor Energy, which pioneered the development of the area that has come to be known as the Canadian "oil sands." "The future of oil is things like oil sands or deep offshore -- some of the frontier areas and some of the far corners of the world."
Before and after: The scars of the oil sands
One year ago this week, the Gulf of Mexico oil disaster shined an uncomfortable spotlight on the risks of this trend. As wells dried up in tens of feet of ocean, offshore rigs moved into water a mile deep, stretching the limits of technology and safety.
But extreme energy is far from isolated in deep waters of the ocean.
Across the United States, natural gas "fracking" -- a process where water, sand and chemicals are injected into rock to dislodge previously inaccessible fuel -- has resulted in groundwater so polluted that, in some instances, tap water has been lit on fire. Another process is being developed to extract oil from shale rock under the Rocky Mountains.
And in Canada's oil sands, about 620 miles north of Montana, huge amounts of energy are expended to clear boreal forests and dig up land that's about 10% bitumen, a thick form of crude that must be processed multiple times before it turns into gasoline or jet fuel.
The impacts of this quest for tough-to-get oil surround Harpe's village, an indigenous community of 400, and serve as daily reminders of her grandfather's predictions, which she had to see to believe.
Still, this oil addiction has proved difficult to kick -- even for her.
Wringing oil out of dirt
When the first oil company arrived in Fort McMurray, Alberta, in 1967, the idea of squeezing oil out of dirt seemed like a risky science experiment. Few thought it would be economical.
And for decades it wasn't.
Sun Oil, now Suncor, razed trees and dragged buckets across the ground to scoop up the oil-dirt mixture for processing. But the price of oil wasn't high enough, and other supplies weren't yet inaccessible enough, to make digging for oil a profitable venture.
By the late 1990s and early 2000s, things had changed -- and today, with oil selling for $108 a barrel, the oil sands are booming. An estimated 170 billion barrels of accessible oil sit under the region -- covering an area the size of Florida.
That makes the oil sands the second biggest supply of proven oil reserves in the world, behind only Saudi Arabia. The United States imports more than half of the product, pulling it across the border in pipes and, often, refining it afterward.
A proposed pipeline, if approved by the U.S. State Department, would connect the oil sands to Texas, where the oil could be burned and refined, further expanding its reach.
Even the people of Fort McKay, which is surrounded by the oil sands and has borne the brunt of its impact, have been intoxicated with the cash that this industry has brought to the region. Jobs in the mines today start at more than $100,000 per year.
Melissa Blake, mayor of the Wood Buffalo municipality, which includes Fort McKay and other hamlet communities in the area, said the industry has helped indigenous villages transition into the modern economy.
CNN: Oil sands 'matriarch' takes trouble in stride
"The community of Fort McKay, because of its proximity, had an awful lot of benefit coming to them from the companies that were their neighbors and trying to help them bridge from the traditional way of living and lifestyle into the opportunites of the future," she said.
"Inevitably when you've got communities who have existed in a certain way for all of their generations before, transition can be difficult."
But because of the industry, Blake said, people in Fort McKay will be "well positioned to stand on their own."
Oil companies employed 1,600 people from indigenous groups in the Wood Buffalo region in 2009, according to The Oil Sands Developers Group.
Bellows, from Suncor, said the fuel from the oil sands will help transition the world to cleaner sources of energy over time. For now, the world demands more energy and Canada's oil sands are a safe place to get it, he said.
'I couldn't take that away from him'
Harpe heard the beeping trucks from the banks of the river.
And something clicked.
All of a sudden, after pushing the memory into the recesses of her mind for decades, she was back on the hill with her grandfather, hearing his warning.
You're going to have to buy water.
Mother Earth is going to be all torn up.
Was this what he worried about?
Harpe's husband was helping with the oil sands development, and she tried to brush off these connections at first. He'd always been good with his hands, so he took a job helping build an oil-company bridge to Fort McKay. He later worked as a crane operator in one of the oil sands mines.
"He loved the kind of work he did," Harpe said. "I couldn't take that away from him, you know. Us native women, we look after our men."
Then, one night, on the way back from a shift at the new mine, Harpe's husband fell off the bow of a transport boat and plunged into the Athabasca River.
He was a good swimmer, but his rubber work boots pulled him to the bottom.
Alone with five kids to raise, Harpe started to believe.
Supersized mines
Once upon a time, most of the oil pulled from the earth was stored in vast, bladder-like bubbles beneath the surface. Puncture the pouch with a drill and the oil spurts out, Beverly Hillbillies style.
Canada's bitumen is mixed up in the land like an egg in cake batter, making things more complicated. The process to extract that dirt-oil mix is supersized -- and costly.
Step one: Bulldoze the boreal forests to make room for mines. Next, a shovel the size of a house scoops out massive hunks of land, 100 tons at a time. Each of those bites weighs roughly the same as 20 average elephants.
Then come the world's largest trucks, which are so big they make their drivers look like they've been hit with cartoon shrink rays. Stand the tallest person in Canada up next to one of these truck tires -- each of which costs $70,000 -- and his or her head would barely reach the axle. These mammoth vehicles carry the dirt away in 400-ton loads, creating tracks on the ground as they lumber down roads and on to factories that use heat and pressure to squeeze one barrel of oil out of every two tons of land.
CNN: Can tech make a dirty fuel clean?
Inside the mines, the operation is an oily version of Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. Pits of cocoa-colored dirt extend as far as the eye can see. The walls look sticky, like molasses. The dirt feels like chewing gum to the touch.
From the window of her three-room home in Fort McKay, Harpe can hear this process -- and taste it in the air.
'We had a good life'
Harpe couldn't recreate her childhood memories if she wanted to.
All of them involve the land. And so much has changed.
She grew up living with nature -- hunting moose, trapping beaver, drinking from the Athabasca River in the summer and harvesting ice from it in the winter.
Now most of the wildlife has moved away from the cacophony of an industry that operates 24 hours a day, shining floodlights on itself through the night. Fort McKay residents don't see birds often, despite the fact that many species migrate through this part of northern Canada on their way to and from the Arctic.
"It's been a big, big, big change from what it was like in those days to what it's like today," she said. "We had a good life. We might not have had everything, you know, but we had the essentials. We had good fish. We ate rabbits, chickens, ducks.
"Nobody was hungry, that's for sure."
These days, Harpe doesn't go near the river. She doesn't trust the fish.
Potentially harmful levels of heavy metals -- including cadmium, copper, lead, mercury, nickel, silver and zinc -- were found in the mining area, according to a 2010 report in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Jessica Potter, a spokeswoman for the Alberta Environment Ministry, said river water quality has not been studied sufficiently to say if the oil sands caused contamination, and a recent report on the Regional Aquatics Monitoring Program found the provincial government has not done enough to monitor for environmental contamination in the area.
"I've actually been traumatized by the oil industry," Harpe says in a voice that sounds too shaky and deflated to be angry. "It's just unbelievable the way things have changed. We can't even drink our own water. We've given up on this river."
Plants that once held medicinal value are now left in the woods because they're spiritually dead, said Marlene Orr, a local environmentalist and former oil worker.
"The cultural identity of the people has been broken," she said. "Who we are as native people is we are the land. We're keepers of the Earth. So when you start messing with the land, you're messing with the spiritual identity of the people."
Despite a lack of conclusive scientific evidence, Fort McKay residents are also starting to wonder if the oil sands are poisoning their bodies. Orr has photos of puss-filled red sores that showed up on her legs after she waded into the boggy forest near the village. A local physician, Dr. John O'Connor, says he's seen an inordinate number of cancer cases in the area, some of which may be linked to oil production.
The regional health board has not fully studied the issue, so it is impossible to say whether the cancers and autoimmune deficiency cases are statistically alarming, he said.
The Alberta government says the illnesses in communities downstream from the oil sands are not abnormal and cannot be linked to the oil industry. Furthermore, Health Canada charged O'Connor with allegedly causing undue alarm about illnesses in the area. That complaint is yet to be resolved, according to local news reports.
A report from the Royal Society of Canada underscored the scientific uncertainty concerning the oil sands and its impact on local people and wildlife:
"There is currently no credible evidence of environmental contaminant exposures from oil sands reaching (nearby) Fort Chipewyan at levels expected to cause elevated human cancer rates," the December 2010 report said. "More monitoring focused on human contaminant exposures is needed to address First Nation and community concerns."
All of this is almost too much for Harpe to bear. Her sister, Dorothy McDonald, who was one of this community's strongest environmental advocates, and who tried to block a road to prevent mining companies from coming to Fort McKay in the 1980s, died of lupus, an autoimmune disease that has been linked in other locations to oil production.
"People are dying right and left here. It's sad. Even young people."
Asked if she attributes this change to the oil industry, she said, "I'm definitely sure."
'I can't do anything to stop it'
Still, oil also has brought prosperity to Fort McKay, and that's not something people here are willing to give up.
Take 30-year-old Jerry Cooper, for example. He'd rather hunt than bulldoze trees. But the animals are mostly gone now, he said, and pelts don't fetch the prices they used to.
So he does what he can to feed his three kids.
"If I didn't do it, someone else is still going to do it," he said of his job in the oil sands. "I can't do anything to stop it. I know it's still going to be done anyway."
Harpe says she is unyielding in her opposition to the oil sands and would never work in the industry. But she remarried after her first husband's death and her spouse, Ed Cooper, worked in the oil sands industry until he retired. The pearls on her neck and the Versace eyeglasses on her face speak to the material benefits his oil-company paychecks have afforded her.
She would trade it all, she said, to go back to the way things were.
"We lived without this kind of stuff before," she said, glancing at her red SUV. "We burned wood forever and ever and ever -- thousands of years we didn't have gas."
But like others in Fort McKay, she thinks it's too late.
From her house facing the Athabasca River, she can hear the muffled propane cannons shooing birds away from the toxic lakes. The air inside her home smells of gasoline and gives her a constant, buzzing headache, for which she takes prescription drugs. She surrounds herself with air fresheners in hopes she can cover up the stench of oil -- but it doesn't work.
Perhaps most upsetting to her: The river out her window is an icy brown.
Just like her grandfather predicted, she drinks only bottled water, which she has to purchase in a store instead of drinking from the Athabasca.
She tries not to think about all of this. Instead, she focuses on her beadwork, sewing moccasins from a loveseat at the back window of her home for five or six hours a day.
But many days, she breaks down and cries.
Her best hope now, she says, is to preserve the past. She's asked one of her daughters, an artist, to paint a portrait of what Fort McKay used to look like -- all birch trees, pines, moose and clear water. Happy hunters and no disease. People and their land.
This is how she wants her town to be remembered.
She hopes the painting, at least, will be passed through the generations.
Researchers at Carnegie Mellon University and Intel Labs have developed a system of "whack gestures" that could allow any phone with an accelerometer to be silenced with a punch. This is brilliant.
Tap gestures as a concept aren't totally new, but the new software promises a much lower error rate than previous solutions, as well as a much simpler philosophy. Chris Harrison, developer:
I think for whack gestures to be commercially viable only two gestures might be desired: one to silence the phone, and a second to postpone an alert, ask the caller to try again in 5 minutes or snooze an alarm.
Advertisement
The potential here, in you haven't noticed, is huge. Imagine the time you'll save, with this shortened call-killing routine! Not to mention the instant, visceral gratification. It would take this process:
1.) Receive call during funeral
2.) Panic, violently strike outer thigh
3.) Calm down, internalize shame
4.) Remove phone from pocket, interrupting somber moment further
5.) Switch off phone in conspicuous way, as if to apologize
6.) Sit through the shutdown jingle you totally forgot about, because who switches off their phones anymore?
7.) Continue mourning, now tinged with embarrassment
and condense it into this process:
1.) Receive call during funeral
2.) Don't panic, violently strike outer thigh.
Perfect. The project is still in research and presentation stages for the time being, though any company run by people who've owned a cellphone, ever, will license this technology. Obviously. [New Scientist]
From Beijing to London, 4 Years for Olympic Flame, 2 Years for Chinese Man 2012-07-27 09:10:18 CRIENGLISH.com Web Editor: Mao Yaqing
As the journey of the Olympic torch comes to an end in the Olympic stadium in London later Friday, Chinese people, hosts of the last Games in 2008, are sending their good wishes to London. One Chinese farmer, Chen Guanming �C is literally taking his good wishes to London - via a two-year rickshaw ride. Su Yi has the story. It's a tale of Olympian proportions: A man, a rickshaw, and a slow journey from a Chinese village to London through 16 countries. Chen Guanming started his journey in 2010. His two-year odyssey to the London games took him from Thailand's floods to snow-struck Turkey. "I came to support and cheer all the people from all over the world who are taking part in the sports." Chen says he was inspired to come to London at the end of the Beijing Olympics in 2008 "At the end of the 2008 Paralympic Games, I was invited by the British media to come here. They said they hoped to see me at the London Olympics." His journey began in April 2010 in his village in eastern China's Jiangsu, where he farms rice and other crops. He was helped in his finances by friends and donations from around the globe, especially from Chinese communities. When asked whether he considered other means of transport, he says riding a tricycle can showcase Chinese culture. "This method illustrates a characteristic of Chinese vehicles and also shows an aspect of our Chinese culture. Automobiles, motorbikes, are all vehicles that other people have used. I don't want to use methods that other people have already taken." The banner on the side of his tricycle says, "I hope every athlete perform excellent and can bring pride to their own country. I hope my story can contribute to world peace and environmental protection". Of course, his journey doesn't end in London. Chen says he plans to take a ferry to the United States and Canada, and he also wants to go to Rio de Janeiro for the next Games in 2016. For CRI, I'm Su Yi. Share
CRIENGLISH.com claims the copyright of all material and information produced originally by our staff. No person, organization and/or company shall reproduce, disseminate or broadcast the content in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of CRIENGLISH.com.
CRIENGLISH.com holds neither liability nor responsibility for materials attributed to any other source. Such information is provided as reportage and dissemination of information but does not necessarily reflect the opinion of or endorsement by CRI.
As the journey of the Olympic torch comes to an end in the Olympic stadium in London later Friday, Chinese people, hosts of the last Games in 2008, are sending their good wishes to London. One Chinese farmer, Chen Guanming �C is literally taking his good wishes to London - via a two-year rickshaw ride. Su Yi has the story. It's a tale of Olympian proportions: A man, a rickshaw, and a slow journey from a Chinese village to London through 16 countries. Chen Guanming started his journey in 2010. His two-year odyssey to the London games took him from Thailand's floods to snow-struck Turkey. "I came to support and cheer all the people from all over the world who are taking part in the sports." Chen says he was inspired to come to London at the end of the Beijing Olympics in 2008 "At the end of the 2008 Paralympic Games, I was invited by the British media to come here. They said they hoped to see me at the London Olympics." His journey began in April 2010 in his village in eastern China's Jiangsu, where he farms rice and other crops. He was helped in his finances by friends and donations from around the globe, especially from Chinese communities. When asked whether he considered other means of transport, he says riding a tricycle can showcase Chinese culture. "This method illustrates a characteristic of Chinese vehicles and also shows an aspect of our Chinese culture. Automobiles, motorbikes, are all vehicles that other people have used. I don't want to use methods that other people have already taken." The banner on the side of his tricycle says, "I hope every athlete perform excellent and can bring pride to their own country. I hope my story can contribute to world peace and environmental protection". Of course, his journey doesn't end in London. Chen says he plans to take a ferry to the United States and Canada, and he also wants to go to Rio de Janeiro for the next Games in 2016. For CRI, I'm Su Yi.
By Steve Miller
An assessment of the North Texas Tollway Authority has found the taxpayer-funded operation needs to be more transparent and has issues with “ governance and operational practices that cause frustration, poor morale, and distrust."
The appearance of conflicts of interest at the agency have created "public and internal distrust," and the agency should develop a conflict-of-interest policy, the report commissioned by area county judges says. "S ome board members have family or business ties that involve NTTA consultants or right-of-way transactions."
The review found the agency has failed in a number of instances to take action, even as the frequency of board meetings has more than doubled in the past two years. For example, it took seven months for the board to approve a change in administrative fees that are tacked onto fines for failure to pay a toll.
The authority also relied heavily on consultants rather than its employee base for most endeavors, although two areas were exclusively handled by tollway employees: business diversity and audits.
The review notes that a policy for use of consultants, which would broaden the use of in-house employees, was proposed in April by then-Executive Director Allen Clemson but never adopted by the board. Clemson was the fifth executive director in five years.
The revolving door that is the NTTA's executive director's office may be the result of a number of policy flaws, including the fact that there were no formal goals for the director nor was there any evaluation period other than an annual review, the report says.
The evaluation of the agency was commissioned by the county judges in Tarrant, Denton, Dallas and Collin counties. Those judges also select board members for the tollway authority.
The review was conducted by New York-based Alvarez & Marsal, the same firm that oversaw the dismantling of Lehman Brothers in 2009 and was called on to assist the scandal-ridden HealthSouth in 2004.
The Fort Worth Star-Telegram, which has been covering the tollway authority doggedly, has a story on the firm's findings here.
***
Contact Steve Miller at 832-303-9420 or stevemiller@texaswatchdog.org .
Keep up with all the latest news from Texas Watchdog. Fan our page on Facebook, follow us on Twitter and Scribd, and fan us on YouTube. J oin our network on de.licio.us, and put our RSS feeds in your newsreader. We're also on MySpace, Digg, FriendFeed, and tumblr.
Let's talk about Brooklyn's bigs.
If you look at the basic numbers of what bigs are supposed to do, the Nets don't look that bad. They're top-10 in rebounds per game and 15th for paint points. The issue is that their frontcourt personnel does not fit the style they want to play.
We've emphasized that enough. Quincy Acy is the only big that can stretch the floor and hit the three ball, and even he's struggling to do so – shooting just 30 percent this season.
Tyler Zeller has improved but defenses still encourage him to shoot from deep. Jarrett Allen is 19-years-old and operates best in the paint while Timofey Mozgov has been slow and inefficient in the pace and space offense. Jahlil Okafor has only played in one game so far and Trevor Booker is now with Philadelphia.
They're undermanned AND playing a system that does not fit their personnel…or personnel that doesn't fit their system. Which is it?
The Nets attempt the second-most 3-pointers in the league. For their offense to work efficiently — taking 34 3-pointers per game — they'll need at least four players that can stretch the floor at all time.
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson has been Brooklyn's most consistent player on the floor. While he's improved from deep, teams still give him space and dare him to shoot every time. It's no matter. He can be a system fit, but it's crucial who's playing next to him in the frontcourt. He thrives in the motion offense because it enables him to float around the paint, work around off-ball screens, isolate and slash.
The interesting thing is that RHJ is having his best year when the paint is extremely congested. If the Nets had bigs that could stretch the floor, then they could utilize the inside-out game, which would open up the perimeter and the paint, making everybody's life much easier.
The closest thing they have to that is Acy, who has struggled to find any sort of groove this season.
Steve Lichtenstein has analyzed Brooklyn's two-man lineups in the past and the results prove this to be true: The offense is better when there is a stretch big (Acy) on the floor, despite his struggles.
These are the current numbers per 100 possessions:
Acy/RHJ plus-18.3 (including a 122.5 offensive rating) in 105 minutes. Zeller/RHJ plus-4.3 in 279 minutes Acy/Zeller minus-14.6 in 70 minutes Acy/Allen minus-12.8 in 154 minutes Allen/RHJ minus-1.7 in 132 minutes. RHJ/Mozgov minus -17.7 in 164 minutes
Again, this isn't on Hollis-Jefferson, who has become Brooklyn's star with both D'Angelo Russell and Jeremy Lin out with injury. This falls on the make-up of the front-court, a big worry heading into the season for several reasons.
So, how does it get better? Sure, some sort of trade or acquisition can be made – as Sean Marks always points out that the Nets want to remain ‘fluid' throughout the season. As for the current lineup, it isn't looking good.
It makes you wonder how they're going to operate with Okafor in the big rotation.
There could be some value for a post player (or a big face-up player) like Okafor, especially when the game slows down and you need buckets late. Still, he's another player who doesn't exactly fit the criteria of Kenny Atkinson's offense. He's attempted eight 3-pointers over his 3-year career, hitting only one. There's a reason the Nets had him shooting three's while he gets into game shape.
So again, where does he fit in? More importantly, where do any of these bigs fit in if they can't somewhat stretch the floor?
At 22-years-old, Hollis-Jefferson has earned his keep as a 4 in this league. He's shown he can fit in the system without utilizing the three ball.
Teams are covering the Nets tighter on the perimeter and it's been a difference maker. They've lost five of the last six, and they're averaging less than 100 points in the five losses. Indiana showed physicality on the perimeter after the halftime break. San Antonio did the same right from the start.
Teams are adjusting to Brookyn's predictable, yet solid offense.
It's on Atkinson and the coaching staff to adjust accordingly to their personnel. However, if they're set on playing the way they do, then it's on Marks to not only acquire talent – but acquire talent that fits within the system.
Of course, RHJ, Allen and Okafor are all young players who can evolve their game. And in an interview with Fred Kerber two weeks ago, Atkinson hinted at a lineup that featured Allen at the 4, Okafor at the 5. Allen said he thought the combination could work, that for the Nets, the 4 and 5 are “interchangeable.”
Still, Marks trusts Atkinson to make it work by developing players and integrating them somehow. But at some point, Atkinson needs some reinforcement to fit the criteria of the offense.
... Or one can ask: Is a coach supposed to adjust to his personnel? It should probably be the latter.
It's the golden question moving forward, especially with Russell and Okafor returning within the next few weeks, both whom operate best in the pick and roll and inside the paint. Of course, by then, the Nets could have a new player or two.
You never know.
In case you've been dying to use Linux-like command line on your Android device – or you simply want people to stop playing with your phone – this app might be precisely what you've been looking for.
Available for free, Linux CLI Launcher is an unusual app launcher that turns your regular Android phone into a full-fledged command line interface.
The quirky app essentially replaces the standard icon-based interface with command lines, which means that – much like in the Linux terminal – you will actually have to type out full commands to start apps and maneuver through your device.
Besides full support for native Android and Linux commands, the app also features a handy ‘aliases' functionality that lets you create your own shortcuts to effortlessly open apps. It additionally comes with built-in ‘suggestions' to help you compose commands in the proper format.
Here are some of the commands that work with the launcher:
uninstall [app]
sms [contact] [text]
call [contact]
calc [expression]
search [google, playstore, youtube, files]
wifi
flash
share [file]
mv / cp [file] [dest]
While the Linux-inspired launcher might initially seem like an overkill, numerous Redditors report using the CLI Launcher over the standard icon-based interface could be quite intuitive – and even faster at times:
Get the CLI Launcher from Google Play Store and start confusing your less technically-versed friends right now.
Linux CLI Launcher on Google Play Store
Read next: Thai father murders baby daughter on Facebook Live
Aid from the French West Indian territories has started arriving in Dominica, the independent island that has been ravaged by Hurricane Maria.
A detachment of 68 firefighters from the island of Martinique and Guyana on the South American continent arrived in Dominica on Thursday.
At least 15 people died and about 20 were still missing when the aid arrived.
Maria caused extensive damage to home, road and forests on the small, English-speaking island, which has a population of 72,000.
It also hit the French island of Guadeloupe, killing two people there.
The French government representative in Martinique, Patrick Amoussou-Adéblé, who visited Dominica with the territory's president, Alfred Marie-Jeanne, promised that more aid would follow.
"We have carried out reconnaissance missions in helicopters to evaluate things," he said.
A French navy warship that could deliver equipment and 40 tonnes of water was also present, he added.
The whole island suffered from the effects of the hurricane, which was at its most intense on 18 September, according to Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit.
Some villages are only accessible by helicopter or from the sea.
HONG KONG — After a customer canceled a large order at the last minute, shares in Aixtron, a German high-tech company, sank fast. Months later, with the stock still reeling, a Chinese investor agreed to buy the company.
If only it were as simple as smart deal-making.
Financial filings and public statements indicate a web of relationships among the customer, the buyer and the Chinese state. The links highlight the blurred lines between increasingly acquisitive Chinese companies and Beijing's long-term industrial policy.
“The Aixtron case makes it very clear: It is not regular investment that is at work here,” said Sebastian Heilmann, president of the Mercator Institute for China Studies, a think tank based in Berlin. “Instead, we see governmental-program capital working behind the scenes.”
Chinese leaders have made clear their intention of using state funds to acquire technological capabilities overseas and bring them home, and a series of purchases in recent years have highlighted that strategy.
With its service designed to help developers build, deploy and manage applications built using Docker, Tutum thinks it's hitting a sweet spot between infrastructure as a service and platform as a service. The company is tweaking its offering so that developers will be able to use it on any cloud.
Tutum's service, still available in beta, previously required users to host their entire app with Tutum. “We heard from users that they were already running their apps on AWS or Google. So what we did is we went back to our service and reengineered it to not include hosting,” said Borja Burgos-Galindo, co-founder and CEO of Tutum.
Tutum is available first for Digital Ocean users but the company is working on AWS integration and plans to continue to add support for other cloud providers. In fact, Burgos-Galindo said that he's heard from SoftLayer, Azure and VMware about their interest in integrating with Tutum.
Tutum is designed to ease the management of using Docker. The idea was to offer a single platform to help with automating deployment, scaling, linking containers that run on different cloud providers, achieving redundancy and monitoring the deployment, he said.
Features fall into three buckets: build, deploy and manage. Tutum includes a private registry where users can store private images and deploy containers. The company is working on new capabilities that will let users build from Dockerfile and also automatically trigger new builds by doing a Git push. Users set up configurations so new development builds automatically run in a certain region or a particular node cluster, for instance.
When developers are ready to deploy, they can use Tutum to link containers across hosts and cloud providers. The service automatically load balances. Users scale their apps by moving a slider in the Tutum dashboard to add more resources.
Tutum also helps with ongoing management but isn't designed to replace New Relic or other monitoring services. Instead, Tutum collects logs and monitoring data from users' containers and customers can feed that data into a service like New Relic that helps them visualize it, Burgos-Galindo said.
He thinks that with Tutum's services, developers get the best of IaaS and PaaS. With infrastructure services, you get “flexibility and control to tweak the services but you have to manage everything and that's a lot of overhead,” he said.
While a PaaS takes care of the management side, it's often too constrained for some developers.
Tutum is designed to give developers the freedom and flexibility they get when using an infrastructure service without the headaches involved with making sure their apps are redundant, highly available and scalable, for example.
“That's the sweet spot between infrastructure as a service and PaaS,” he said.
To get started, developers submit their cloud login – currently for Digital Ocean but in the future for other cloud providers — in Tutum. That gives Tutum permission to handle provisioning new services.
Tutum works via a small agent that gets deployed on each Linux node. Burgos-Galindo said it works the same whether users are building on bare metal or virtualized servers.
The company was charging users $4 per container per month under its previous model. It's phasing that out by Nov. 1. Tutum hasn't rolled out pricing yet for the new model, where users will be able to run their applications on any cloud. For now, the new model is free to use and Burgos-Galindo expects that the company will always offer a free tier.
Image via Flickr Creative Commons.
http://www.putin-itogi.ru/putin-voina/ The final report of prominent Russian opposition politician and Kremlin critic Boris Nemtsov, who was gunned down on the streets of Moscow in February, was published Tuesday by his former colleagues. It promises to be explosive.
The 64-page report, titled simply "Putin. War," contains all of the evidence collected by Nemtsov in the final months of his life as he looked into Russia's role in the ongoing crisis in Ukraine that has so far cost over 6,000 lives.
The various documents, pictures, and statements that form the core of the report have been painstakingly collected and collated by fellow opposition activists since Nemtsov was shot dead in a case that many suspects was politically motivated.
Ilya Yashin, a Russian activist and liberal politician who worked closely with Nemtsov, presented the report to journalists and activists at the headquarters of the political party he cofounded with Nemtsov, RPR Parnas. In his remarks, he said "preparing the report on Russian losses in Ukraine was one of the reasons behind his assassination."
The report alleges that Russia played an active part in the war in Ukraine despite official denials from the Kremlin that its troops were involved. It alleges that Russians paid a heavy cost both in terms of hundreds of troops' lives and billions of dollars of taxpayer money.
A Russian T-72 tank said to be captured from separatists by Ukrainian government forces. http://smitsmitty.livejournal.com
It ties together interviews with soldiers who say they fought on the frontlines and disguised Russian vehicles so they wouldn't be identified in Ukraine, alongside pictures of Russian troops and heavy weapons allegedly spotted in the country and reports of widespread hiring of Russian mercenaries to fight against Ukrainian government forces.
Overall, the authors estimate that the war in Ukraine cost Russia about $2.5 billion in mercenary fees and refugee assistance alone.
It also alleges that the annexation of Crimea, which led to international sanctions against Russia that helped send it into a deep recession, was orchestrated by the Kremlin to prop up Vladimir Putin's flagging popularity ratings.
Google Earth/Amanda Macias/Business Insider
Putin's press secretary, Dmitry Peskov, told reporters on Tuesday that he hadn't yet read the report and was unsure whether he would. He said: "I'm not familiar with that report, so can not say anything."
The report can be read in full online (in Russian). Here is the introduction in full:
The idea behind this report belongs to Boris Nemtsov. One day he went to the party headquarters and loudly said: "I have come up with what to do. We must write a report, "Putin. War," published in huge circulation and given the streets. Let us tell people how Putin unleashed the war ...
From the beginning of 2015 Boris began to collect material for the report. He has worked with open source, finding people who could share information. Nemtsov believed that attempting to stop the war is the real patriotism. The war with Ukraine is a cynical and cowardly crime for which our country is paying the price in the blood of its citizens, the economic crisis and international isolation.
No one in Russia needed this war, except for Putin and his entourage. Boris did not have time to write the report. On February 27, he was killed on the Greater Moscow River bridge, next to the Kremlin walls. To complete the project it took his colleagues, friends and people who considered this important work. The report is based on materials that Boris had prepared. The content of handwritten notes, documents — everything that he had left — was used in the preparation of the text.
Our task is to tell the truth about the Kremlin's interference in Ukrainian politics, which led to a war between the two nations. It led to a war, which must be stopped immediately.
BY: Follow @mchalfant16
A Sudanese passenger on a flight to Ethiopia was arrested after allegedly attacking an Israeli traveler and trying to "slaughter" him last Thursday.
Ethiopian authorities arrested the suspect, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Tuesday, after he attacked the Israeli citizen on an Ethiopian Airlines flight last week from Chad to Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, according to Ynet.
"We are aware of the event and the Israeli embassy in Addis Ababa has updated us with details," representatives at the ministry said.
The Israeli victim, identified as Arik, works in Africa and was traveling on to Israel. He said that the alleged attacker choked and threatened to "slaughter" him.
"About 20 minutes before the plane started its descent the passenger sitting behind me identified me as Israeli and Jewish," Arik recounted. "He came up behind my seat and started to choke me with a lot of force and at first I couldn't get my voice out and call for help."
"He hit me over the head with a metal tray and shouted ‘Allah akbar' and ‘I will slaughter the Jew.' Only after a few seconds, just before I was about to lose consciousness, did I manage to call out and a flight attendant who saw what was happening summoned her colleagues," Arik said.
One Lebanese man and a few other passengers came to Arik's aid, while the majority did not, he said. The attacker also called on the other passengers to attack the Israeli traveler.
"After they pulled him off me he hit me and shouted in Arabic. Some of the flight staff took me to the rear section of the plane and two guarded the attacked during the last part of the flight," Arik said.
"After we landed the Lebanese guy told me that I'd been saved twice, because after they'd overpowered my attacker he said to everyone: ‘Let's finish him off,'" he continued. "During the moments when I thought I was going to die, I'd already begun to separate from my family in my thoughts."
Ethiopian Airlines identified the suspect as Ahmed Mohamed in a statement, saying that the alleged attacker "showed no signs of violence as he was boarding the flight."
"He attacked not only the Israeli but also other passengers and members of the flight crew. He is still in detention and is due to appear in court on Wednesday," the airline stated.
"The Israeli passenger was taken to a medical clinic in the airport and released shortly after. He was able to continue on to Tel Aviv as planned. We are sorry for the incident and will do everything we can in order to prevent further such attacks on our Israeli customers."
Around 350 troops from six countries (US, UK, Bulgaria, Moldova, Romania, and Serbia) are taking part in a military drill entitled 'Platinum Eagle 16.1', which is scheduled to conclude today according to RT.
The exercise comes less than a week after the US launched its European missile defense system in Romania, much to the ire of Russia.
"The 1st Battalion Marines is spread out over Eastern Europe, and the fact that we are able to come here, in Romania, and train with five other nations, that really promotes regional stability. Training together in peace time, those who train together will fight well together,” Lieutenant-Colonel Justin Ansel of the US Marine Corps told RT's Ruptly video agency
Ah yes, nothing says regional stability like holding military exercises in Russia's back yard just days after pushing Russia back to a cold war type of mentality.
"We're not going to be dragged into this race. We'll go our own way. We'll work very accurately without exceeding the plans to finance the re-equipment of our Army and Navy, which have already been laid out for the next several years,” Putin said on Friday "Recent developments indicate that the situation isn't getting better. Unfortunately, it's deteriorating. I'm talking about the launch of the radar station in Romania as one of the elements of the up-and-coming US anti-missile defense program,” the Russian president added.
* * *
It appears as though the US isn't the slightest bit concerned about pushing Russia even further than it already has. As we said earlier, given how the market processes newsflow lately, perhaps Russia being forced to move more ICBMs to its border, increasing the likelihood of a catalyst for actual war, will be viewed as bullish for stocks.
The ICC has agreed to support Sri Lanka Cricket and Kusal Perera's claim for costs and damages from the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA), SLC president Thilanga Sumathipala has said.
Perera had been suspended after a Qatar-based lab found a banned substance in his urine sample, but the doping charges were dropped in May when an independent analyst found that the WADA-accredited lab's findings were not sustainable.
Though the ICC had previously said it "does not accept that it is responsible" for the consequences the lab's findings, SLC believes it has got the ICC's support in its attempt to obtain both costs and compensation from WADA itself.
Sumathipala said the board's request for compensation for Perera received widespread support at the recent ICC meeting in Edinburgh.
"We appealed to the ICC about the injustice that had happened to Kusal, and we were given an audience at the CEOs' meeting. I must say the committee comprising of the CEOs unanimously supported our claim," he said. "Then it came to the board meeting, and at the board meeting we made the appeal that there should be compensation - not just the cost. It was decided that the costs and the compensation should be paid to him, because the ICC took the position that the claim made by Kusal is fair and justifiable. ICC decided to stand by Sri Lanka Cricket and support the claim."
SLC said it spent about 13 million Sri Lankan rupees (US $92,000 approx) on fighting the case. The player himself is expected to pay this figure back to the board, according to Perera's management. The board, however, has been adamant that those responsible for the imposition of the five-month suspension on Perera should ultimately bear the costs. Sumathipala suggested that no less than 35 million rupees (US $246,000) was appropriate, given Perera's loss of earnings during the suspension, and the "damage to his reputation".
"This kind of compensation has never ever been paid to anybody in the history of cricket," Sumathipala said. "The ICC and SLC are together in this - the money is ultimately coming from WADA, through the ICC, to Kusal. It is a new experience for WADA as well."
Sumathipala said the board was optimistic WADA would provide compensation, as it has already accepted there was a flaw in its processes. "I don't think we will have to go to court over it," he said. According to Sumathipala, the ICC and WADA have also blacklisted the Qatar-based lab.
Discussions with WADA are believed to be in their very early stages, though, and Perera himself is yet to be brought up to speed on the situation. SLC officials are expected to meet with Perera and his management after the player returns from the England tour on Thursday.
Perera missed a full tour of New Zealand, bilateral T20s against India, the Asia Cup and the World T20 as a result of the suspension. He was also ineligible for this year's IPL auction, as well as the initial Test squad for England as he had only recently returned to training.
Maher, who has reformed his life after a felony robbery conviction when he was 20-years-old, has had a pending deportation status for the last 15 years.
The only thing needed was travel documents from China to allow his deportation. But it was a low-priority until this year, when the U.S. began to cooperate with China to round-up Chinese nationals in the U.S. wanted for crimes in China. ­
Anoop Prasad, of the Asian Law Caucus, who helped obtain Maher's freedom this month, said the release coincided with a sudden breakdown in U.S./China relations after the Obama administration revealed that Chinese agents were operating in the U.S. independently.
When contacted, ICE would only issue this statement on Maher:
“U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) released Mr. Maher, Aug. 14, after it became apparent the agency would not be able to obtain a travel document from the Chinese government in the foreseeable future to carry out his repatriation. Mr. Maher was released under an order of supervision, which will require him to report to ICE periodically to ensure he is complying with the conditions of his release.”
Editor's note: This is part of a series on the CNN Freedom Project on domestic servitude. Read more about some in domestic servitude who are so desperate to escape, they take their own lives. And get an update on the nanny in domestic servitude who suffered extensive burns when, she said, a Gadhafi relative poured boiling water on her.
(CNN) – One was sold by her impoverished parents, the other willingly left her family to become a nanny. But both found years of their lives turned to domestic servitude before finally finding freedom.
CNN's Martin Savidge tells the story of Isabel. Her mother sold her into slavery at around age 7 to a Taiwanese family who later moved to the United States in an upscale southern California neighborhood.
So as other children went to school, Isabel cooked and cleaned. Her bedroom was the garage, her bed the floor. Her food - whatever the family didn't want, often spoiled or soured. And there were the beatings, she says, often with a spatula and once, when her owner accused her of drinking a cup of tea, a toilet bowl brush.
Isabel finally met someone who helped her escape and is now in her 20s and trying to learn what many her age have already mastered: driving a car, ordering at a restaurant, understanding money. No criminal charges were brought against the family who brought Isabel to the U.S. from Taiwan. But she has settled a civil lawsuit with that family and is no longer in touch with them. Watch more of Isabel's story above
CNN's Gena Somra reports on Laome, who was 17 in Nigeria when she thought she was getting an education in the U.S. in exchange for becoming a nanny for a wealthy Nigerian American woman, Bidemi Bello. Instead, she says, she had instead become a slave. Bello, Laome says, instilled that fear in her right from the beginning, abusing her almost every day.
She later escaped with the help of friends, and Bello was brought to trial. Found guilty of human trafficking, Bello faces 11 years behind bars. After that, she will be deported back to Nigeria.
For Laome, she says that with the trial behind her, she is finally free.
Watch more of Laome's story below
Jeff Carlson is the author of Plague Year, Plague War (a finalist for the Philip K. Dick Award), and Plague Zone. To date, his work has been translated into fifteen languages worldwide. His short stories and nonfiction have appeared in a number of top venues such as Asimov's, Boys' Life, Strange Horizons and the Fast Forward 2 anthology. His latest book, The Frozen Sky, is available in paperback and as an eBook.
Adventures in Self-Publishing: What I've Learned So Far
Self-publishing is five jobs and a half. By comparison, writing the book was easy. It was also waaaaay more enjoyable.
I like writing. That's why I'm a writer. But when you publish alone, you're not really alone unless you're a fantastically talented jack of all trades. My strength, I hope, is in storytelling. I liked to draw when I was a kid, but I hardly qualify as a professional artist.
Many people say cover art doesn't matter for ebooks. For the original short story of The Frozen Sky, it's true that I used a simple placeholder designed by a super fan named Ben Metzler. He created it for sheer love of the story after hearing the podcast by Amy H. Sturgis on Starshipsofa. Then he emailed his artwork to me as thanks. Thanking him for thanking me, I wrote Metzler into the novel as a squat, ugly, quick-tempered genius who'll find himself eviscerated by a Europan ice monster. Such is life in a Jeff Carlson novel.
His jet black cover was stark and effective for a 99 cent short story. For the novel, I went old school. People do judge a book by its cover. Especially for dead tree editions, I believe it's critical to have evocative, mood-influencing artwork, so I hired the talents of Jacob Charles Dietz. I'm a starving writer. I realize some of my brethren would squawk at forking out $500.00 for a schnazzy cover when a cheap-o slap-it-down file from PhotoShop will suffice… but does it really?
When the sentient raccoons rule the world in 3303 A.D. and discover your ebook among the toxic ruins of our civilization (after which they'll power up our Nooks and Kindles with their zero point clean energy beams), don't you want them to chirp and bark in amazement at your artwork (chirping and barking being the raccoon equivalent of oohing and aahing)?
Meanwhile, I don't convert my manuscripts myself. Yes, I know, I should be able to learn to do this for free on Calibre, but I don't have the patience for it, partly because The Frozen Sky is salted with interior illustrations, maps, and org charts. Again, my strength is writing the book. I want to invest my time writing, not flailing around with computer programs.
I dropped another $500.00 in total on print-ready files, e-conversions, Kindle, Nook, Kobo, and Paperback files, and last minute changes as I crawled up and down my own personal learning curve. For example, on the front sales pages I dropped the ball by listing David Marusek's blurb as:
“Nothing short of amazing.”
–David Marusek, Tiptree Award-winning author of The Wedding Album
David Marusek has never been nominated for a Tiptree. But for Pete's sake, the guy's been shortlisted for so many awards, it's no wonder I was bewildered. If he stopped writing such mind-bending stories, I would stop being dazzled. I'm in the process of replacing all print and ebook editions with the correct attribution: Sturgeon Award-winning author of The Wedding Album. At the moment, this collector's item goofball editions are still on sale.
Back to the topic at hand.
For bookkeeping purposes, I also attribute $250.00 specifically to upgrades to my web site for The Frozen Sky. Developing my site is another chore I partially hire out because I'm not a programmer or a graphic artist.
Total costs for the new Frozen Sky: $1250.00.
Then I earned this money back in the first 10 days after it went on sale. Kindle, Nook, and Kobo split another $900.00 for allowing me to use their platforms. Chump change, right? Making $1,250.00 in 10 days would be an abysmal failure for a traditionally published novel.
Plague Year sold 15,000+ copies in its first week. I don't mean it shipped 15,000 copies. Penguin distributed a truckload more than that. I mean actual receipts in hand exceeded 15,000 copies sold, and 15,000 is a small number indeed compared to the heydey of paperbacks long before I got into the game, much less the numbers of current New York Times blockbusters like Grisham or King.
Nevertheless, as a debut mass market genre original, 15,000 copies sold in seven days popped some eyeballs in New York. Plague Year immediately went to a second printing to keep up with demand. Today, Plague Year is in its eighth edition and has sold (not shipped, been returned, or lost in the magical world of reserves against returns) nearly 40,000 copies in North America. That's a nice set of legs.
Self-publishing is a different business model. You know the drill. No rent, no utilities, no editorial staff, no sales staff, no publicists, no marketing costs, no print costs, no warehousing, no shipping, no kickbacks for front-of-store placement. It's Day 10 and I'm in the black. This ignores the reality that I spent the better part of a year writing, editing, and polishing the book (which I would also do with a traditionally published novel), but I'm in the black.
My track record with the original short story is exactly what I'd like to repeat, ideally in a tighter time frame.
During its first three months, the original story sold less than 500 copies. “Eh,” I thought. “So much for self-publishing.” Then it found its audience. Word of mouth reached critical mass. The story took off. With the novel, my biggest hurdles have been my own impatience and the myriad tasks of updating my web site, uploading and proofing e-files on Kindle, Nook, and Kobo, proofing and sending pdf files to the printer, and checking and uploading audio files to Audible.com.
One thing I've learned is it's impossible to release a book simultaneously across all platforms in all formats when self-publishing. Each e-store has it own requirements and delays. BN.com has a five week wait before it lists print titles. Five weeks! I can only jump through so many hoops at a time with a time machine. Organizing every little piece of the puzzle is what I hate most about the experience. Finally, most of my torpedoes are in the water. Very soon I'll be back at my next manuscript instead loading, arming, aiming, and firing.
The Frozen Sky is available on Nook, but for now print copies can only be found on Amazon and in select independent book stores. As yet, it's also unavailable on iTunes because while you can access your iTunes account from a PC, you can only add new material from a Mac. I ain't got one. Two friends who live nearby are Macky Men. They've allowed me to use their über–cool machines in the past. Now their schedules haven't matched up with mine, and I can't ask them to quit their jobs and sell their families in order to make time for me. I mean, I did ask, but they said no. iTunes likely has to a wait another week or more.
Audible.com has also proven a small minefield. Next week we hope to release the audiobook at last?
Thus go my adventures in self-publishing.
I also need to point out a mistake in my previous guest blog for SF Signal. I claimed my grandfather's copies of Splinter of the Mind's Eye (1978) and Han Solo's Revenge (1980) were the world's first media tie-ins… And I call myself a science fiction fan!!! Aha ha ha.
Both pros and fen took me to task for this blunder. Here's the truth:
Author and editor Richard Gilliam (the Grails series) pointed out that from 1907 – 1915, Essanay Studios made a number of films based on real and fictional people like Jesse James and Sherlock Holmes. Essanay had a tie-in program in which magazines printed stories related to these films.
Author David Smeds (Embracing The Starlight) said “I have the tie-in hardcover for the 1916 film of 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, which included several photos from the film. I don't know if it's the very first novel tie-in, but it's an early example.”
Love it!
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's government has promised more than 40 million pounds to rebuild and improve the country's flood defences that failed to protect thousands of homes over the Christmas holidays.
Council workers rebuild a wall with sandbags following flooding at Newton Stewart in Scotland, Britain December 31, 2015. REUTERS/Darren Staples
Homes and businesses across northern England, Scotland and northern Ireland were hit by storms and torrential rains in December, leaving many without electricity and some under metres of water after river levels reached all-time highs.
Prime Minister David Cameron has been criticised by opposition lawmakers for not doing enough to protect the country from severe weather and the Observer newspaper on Sunday said many of Britain's flood defences were being abandoned or maintained to minimal levels because of government cuts.
In a statement, Cameron announced a package of more than 40 million pounds to improve flood defences after Storm Eva brought gales and torrential downpours to Northern Ireland, Wales, England and parts of Scotland in late December.
“I have seen at first-hand the devastation caused by flooding. And that's why this work to repair and improve flood defences is so vital,” Cameron said in the statement.
He said 10 million pounds would be used to improve the Foss barrier protecting the northern English city of York, which was overwhelmed at the height of Storm Eva. The other 30 million would be spent on defences on other rivers in northern England.
The government would also support charities helping those caught up in the deluge by matching every pound of the first two million pounds raised, he said.
The opposition Labour Party accused the government of complacency and said the funding would not go far enough.
“The government has been woefully complacent about the flood risk, ignoring warnings from its own experts,” Kerry McCarthy, Labour's Environment, Food and Rural Affairs spokeswoman, said in a statement.
“Today's announcement of 40 million pounds won't go very far at all ... a lump sum of 40 million pounds is a short-term, sticking-plaster approach.”
The Observer quoted a document submitted to ministers late last year that said investment in Britain's flood defences had fallen despite the country seeing “the five wettest years since 2000”.
On Saturday, Britain's Meteorological Office issued an “amber warning” for potentially heavy rain in eastern Scotland at the weekend and on Monday which could lead to some flooding.
Beware liberal media propagandists trying to sell you a liberal as “just regular people....folding the kids' laundry...who had never done anything political before.” Baloney. On Friday's Morning Edition, NPR was the latest outlet who presented this fakery for one Shannon Watts, who founded the group One Million Moms for Gun Control after the Sandy Hook mass murder in December of 2012.
CHRIS ARNOLD: Much of the groundswell behind this crusade comes from just regular people pulled into it for their own reasons. For a woman named Shannon Watts -- she was drawn in by another mass shooting, the murder of 20 school children, 6 and 7 years old, in Newtown Connecticut. Watts wasn't there. She lived 800 miles away in Zionsville, Ind. She was folding her kids' laundry, actually, when the news broke. And she wanted to do something. SHANNON WATTS: I was obviously devastated. But I was also angry. And I went online. And I thought surely there are a Mothers Against Drunk Driving for gun safety. And I couldn't find anything. ARNOLD: Watts had never done anything political before. But she made a Facebook page. And she called it "One Million Moms For Gun Control." WATTS: I only had 75 friends on my personal Facebook page. And it was amazing. I mean, I can remember watching the likes go from the hundreds to the thousands to the tens of thousands.
Does NPR think people can't Google around on Shannon Watts? A donor search at Open Secrets for the Utterly Non-Political Mom Folding Laundry finds $1,750 in donations in 2012 to Barack Obama for President, and $250 to Rob Zerban, the Democrat running against Rep. Paul Ryan in Wisconsin. In 2011, she sent $500 to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. In 2010, there was $500 to the DNC Services Corp., and $1,000 for EMILY's List, which only funds female pro-abortion Democrats.
James F. Tracy at the Memory Hole blog revealed Watts is not the "accidental activist" she claims to be, but a public-relations pro (hence the phony “apolitical mom” schtick):
Overall, Shannon Watts, who until only recently went by the last name Troughton, began work fresh out of University of Missouri in 1993 as a public affairs officer for Missouri Governor Mel Carnahan [D.], the Missouri House of Representatives, and the Missouri Department of Economic Development. In 1998 Watts (Troughton) moved on to further develop her propaganda acumen as Vice President of Corporate and Public Affairs at the major PR firm Fleishman-Hillard, where she remained until 2001. Watts then became Director of Global and Public Affairs at the Monsanto Corporation “where she led external initiatives designed to generate positive, proactive media coverage of the company's agriculture biotechnology products.” Between 2004 and 2006 Watts served as Director of Global Communications for GE Healthcare, General Electric's $15 billion medical and diagnostics device unit. She then joined WellPoint, the nation's largest health insurance corporation, as its Vice President of Corporate Communications. At WellPoint Watts oversaw an impressive “30-person corporate communications team” until 2008, when she stepped down to begin VoxPop Public Relations.
Watts is also the phony who lobbies for gun control accompanied by bodyguards "armed with scary guns."
Feel free to ask NPR ombudsman Elizabeth Jensen for a correction to Chris Arnold's fairy tale of the apolitical mom.
Thursday, June 30 at 11:00 AM Pacific (2:00 PM Eastern) – Sunday, July 10 at 11:59 PM Pacific (2:59 AM Eastern)
The Marvel Machine is coming back! The Marvel Ambassadors have searched far and wide for the most intriguing, attractive, and powerful items in existence, and now they're passing these relics on to you.
We have added several exciting new items to Marvel Machine, and have also removed the Lv. 150 Japanese Myth weapons and epaulets and the Amaterasu Lucky Item Scroll. Read on for more details!
Prizes
What marvels lie hidden within the Marvel Machine? You'll have to spin for yourself to find out for sure, but you can get your hands on recently added items like a Permanent Pendant Slot Expansion Coupon, Transparent Equipment Covers, and two Magnificent Boss Souls (Magnificent Cygnus Soul and Magnificent Magnus Soul)!
We've also brought back the highly sought after BattleRoid Coupon which grants you a male or female BattleRoid, and Permanent Hyper Teleport Rock Coupon (tradeable).
We've removed most of the chairs in the list so that now you can pick up some fun new chairs, like the Special Watermelon Bowl Chair, Midsummer Night's Dream Chair, Giant Ducky Chair,
Battling Snow Chair, Fantasy Chair, Crystal Memories Chair,
Cherry Blossoms Chair (sit on it with friends nearby to see an effect appear), and Red Umbrella Chair.
Anniversary Royal Style Coupons, 6-packs of 2x EXP/Drop Coupons (1 hour duration), and Maple Points Coupons (25k, 50k, and 100k) have also been added.
You can still get your hands on returning favorites like the Lv. 150 Tower of Oz equipment (Ryude's Sword, Alicia's Mutated Staff, Lightseeker, and Aquarius Crown), Lv. 150 Fafnir weapons, Lv. 160 Terminus weapons, Lv. 160 Sweetwater equipment, Lightning God Ring, Cursed Kaiserium, Dragon Khanjar, [A] Nebulites, Marvelous medal, and Tinkerer's Chest!
Or score a new outfit with Seasonal Surprise Style Boxes including the community favorite, the Anniversary Surprise Style Box! Valentine, St. Patrick's Day, Spring, Summer, Autumn, Halloween Costume, and Winter boxes are also available.
Of course, it's not all about the items. One of the most exciting features of the Marvel Machine is the chance to win 1 Million Maple Points! You can also win 5k, 10k, 25k, 50k, and 100k Maple Points Coupons.
You'll also find an assortment of other prizes, including Cash Shop items, chairs, high-level equipment, scrolls, and powerful buff food!
Don't forget, you get THREE prizes for every spin, but your only chance to win is from June 30 at 11:00 AM Pacific (2:00 PM Eastern) to July 10 at 11:59 PM Pacific (2:59 AM Eastern) -- so spin away!
NOTE: Prize codes are bound to the account that purchased the Spin and cannot be shared with other accounts.
NOTE: Marvel Machine codes can only be redeemed in non-Reboot worlds.
How to Play
1. Purchase a Marvel Machine Spin.
Marvel Machine Spins can only be purchased with NX Prepaid.
Marvel Machine Spin Price (1 Spin): 4,900 NX Price (11 Spins): 49,000 NX
Double Marvel Price: 1,000 NX
2. Click “Spin” and hold your breath!
The machine will spin and spin and spin until it lands on three random prizes. You get to keep all three!
3. Optional: Purchase a Double Marvel for 1,000 NX.
Like what you get? You can purchase a Double Marvel to randomly get one more of the items you just won. The Marvel Machine will decide which item gets doubled, however! Please note that Double Marvel spins cannot be purchased after the event ends.
4. Check your prize codes in the Coupon Vault!
There's a nifty Coupon Vault that allows you to see all the items you have won on the Marvel Machine, including the codes and expiration dates. If you lose your code, you can always come back to the Coupon Vault to find it again! You can also search or filter codes by item type using the handy search box!
5. Redeem your prize codes in the in-game Cash Shop in non-Reboot worlds only.
Marvel Machine codes can only be redeemed in non-Reboot worlds. Log in to a non-Reboot world and enter the prize code in the Cash Shop. Then enjoy your new items!
Important Things to Remember:
Groundwater testing at Georgia Power's Plant McIntosh in Rincon revealed a high level of arsenic in one test well, company spokesman Jacob Hawkins said.
"At McIntosh, the concentration of arsenic was .034 parts per million (ppm) and the reporting limit for Georgia EPD is .010 ppm," Hawkins said. "Again, this was in the single well - all other wells and all other substances were under state reporting limits."
The testing is being done as part of the coal ash pond closure process for 29 ash ponds at six of the company's 11 coal-fired generating plants - Plants Bowen, Hammond, McIntosh, Scherer, Wansley and Yates. The company is conducting several rounds of groundwater testing for 19 different substances regulated by the state Environmental Protection Division or the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
Coal ash is a byproduct of burning coal at power plants. It contains contaminants such as mercury, cadmium and arsenic associated with cancer and other serious health effects.
The U.S. EPA has determined that, without proper protections, coal ash contaminants can leach into groundwater and can potentially migrate to drinking water sources, posing significant public health concerns.
Coal ash found its way into headlines after enormous spills from ponds in Tennessee in 2008 and North Carolina in 2014 polluted nearby waterways. Closer to Savannah, Wayne County residents are scrutinizing plans by Republic Services to haul up to 10,000 tons a day of coal ash into the Broadhurst Landfill where the state Environmental Protection Division discovered toxic metals from coal ash have already leached into the soil and groundwater. (Georgia Power will not be using the controversial Broadhurst Landfill, Hawkins said.)
In the testing so far, four out of the 136 wells - one at Plant Hammond, one at Plant McIntosh and two at Plant Yates - indicated the presence of one substance above the state's standard. The test wells range in depth from 10 to 150 feet. Eleven of them were drilled at McIntosh.
Test results indicated the contamination found so far is contained on Georgia Power property. At McIntosh, the origin of the arsenic is in question.
"This result may have come from previous, historic use of herbicide on the property - we're working to determine if that's the case," Hawkins said.
Savannah Riverkeeper Tonya Bonitatibus said she wasn't surprised that arsenic contamination was discovered at McIntosh.
"The groundwater table is at the surface at the coast," she said. "To think it's safe in an unlined pond on the coast is likely not correct."
All of the company's 29 ash ponds in Georgia are slated to stop receiving coal ash within the next three years. At 16 of those ponds adjacent to lakes or rivers - including McIntosh's 22-acre, 20-foot deep pond - the company will remove the ash and either dispose of it in a lined landfill or recycle it in uses such as concrete or cinder blocks.
"We're going to completely dig it up and (the pond) will no longer be on site," Hawkins said of the McIntosh ash pond. The plant's 317,000 tons of ash will be stored in a lined landfill at McIntosh.
The company's remaining 13 ash ponds will be closed in place using permanent concrete barriers around them.
Environmentalists have supported the closure of coal ash ponds and are pushing the state EPD to tighten its regulations surrounding coal ash disposal, as the state updates its current guidelines.
"Coal ash in Georgia pollutes and threatens our drinking water supplies, rivers, lakes and groundwater," Chris Manganiello of the Georgia Water Coalition told the DNR board. "Coal ash should be removed from unlined, primitive leaking pits along our rivers to safe, dry, lined storage away from our rivers and lakes, and out of our groundwater and drinking water supplies. Properly-designed, permitted and maintained municipal solid waste landfills may store coal ash, but must apply for a major permit modification if the ash comprises more than 5 percent of their daily tonnage intake. Georgia should not become the low-cost, poorly protected dumping ground for other states' coal ash."
Plant Kraft, in Savannah, also has one ash pond that is slated for removal. Monitoring wells have not yet been installed at Kraft but are expected to be in place by the end of the year, Hawkins said.
More than 500 groundwater monitoring wells will be constructed and continue to operate even after the ash ponds are closed.
On the web
For more information, go to georgiapower.com/environment/ccr.cshtml and click on "CCR Rule Data and Information By Plant" or "Groundwater Monitoring Information."
As part of the Timberwolves' final practice Tuesday, interim coach Sam Mitchell and the players spent time talking to each other about the season, which ends Wednesday against New Orleans at Target Center.
The players talked about what they had learned. Mitchell told the team how proud he was of their development in a season that began under the cloud of losing Flip Saunders,the team's coach and president of basketball operations, to cancer in October at age 60.
Mitchell said his players “should be proud of themselves,” praising their improvement and predicting a bright future.
“I thanked 'em for allowing me to coach 'em this year,” Mitchell said. “I pushed 'em. And they responded in a positive way.”
The big question is whether Mitchell will be retained. The decision lies with Wolves owner Glen Taylor, who will first consult with General Manager Milt Newton.
Most players who talked to the media Tuesday spoke highly of Mitchell.
Mitchell
That's not necessarily surprising. But in several cases, the responses seemed immediate and heartfelt.
“Definitely,” said Andrew Wiggins when asked if he would like the 52-year-old Mitchell back as coach next season. Wiggins then talked about how much Mitchell and the staff have helped him. “It's been huge,” he said. “They put me in positions to succeed. They've never steered me wrong.”
Wiggins and Mitchell frequently worked together during Wiggins' rookie season, when Mitchell was Saunders' top assistant.
“I talked with him the most out of all the assistants,” Wiggins said. “And this year he was the head coach, so I already had that relationship with him. So it's good.”
Shabazz Muhammad had a similar response. “I think he's developing us great,” Muhammad said. “I think Sam is a players' coach. … He's really been a teacher to us. We're a young team. He's really hands-on, which is good. I love coach and I hope he's back next year.”
This is what rookie Karl-Anthony Towns had to say: “I'll tell you one thing. We've done a great job this year, especially the coaching staff. With the tragedy happening, I think they did a great job for us this year.”
Only Gorgui Dieng shied away from the question. “I'm going to leave that to Glen and Milt,” Dieng said. “I'm just a player and I'm going to stay in my lane.”
Mitchell himself?
As he has done a few times in recent days, he spoke with pride about a team that has a chance to win its 29th game Wednesday after the Wolves won only 16 last season.
When asked about his own immediate future with the franchise with which he began his NBA playing career, Mitchell said: “I'm not worried about me. All I can do is do the best job I can. I'm comfortable with that, whatever happens.”
Seeking a final win
For a team that has, on balance, been more competitive on the road than at home, winning Wednesday's finale in front of the home crowd is an important goal.
The Wolves completed a 3-0 road trip by winning at Sacramento and Portland after their upset of Western Conference-leading Golden State. But they returned to Target Center on Monday with a lopsided loss to Houston. The Wolves have lost four of their past five home games.
“It's one of the things we talked about,” Muhammad said. “That's something we want to do. I think we're doing something good here. The next thing we want to do is win this game, end the season on a great note.”
Said Mitchell: “I know the effort will be there. I can't promise a win. But the effort will be there.”
Saunders Award
Before tipoff Wednesday, the first Flip Saunders Legacy Award will be presented to a Wolves player.
The Flip Saunders Legacy Fund was established to aid and support deserving individuals or groups to continue the positive impact of the life of Saunders in the community. The award will go to the player whose work in the community most lived up to that standard.
Saunders' wife, Debbie, and his son, Wolves assistant Ryan, will present the award, which was voted on by the entire Wolves team.
Having fulfilled his movie destiny by appearing in 13 Friday The 13th movies, immortal hockey-mask-wearing chainsaw enthusiast Jason Voorhees is headed to The CW for a weekly series. The network has been toying with the idea for a while, at one point hiring Jurassic Park and Terminator 2 special effects artist Bill Basso to write a series in which Jason terrorizes multiple time periods. (While he has no scriptwriting experience, Basso is an expert on terrifying things surfacing in time periods other than their own.)
But The CW has cast that idea aside, instead deciding to go with (all together now) something gritty and realistic. This Friday The 13th follows a detective searching for his missing brother, who stumbles onto evidence that long-thought-dead serial killer Jason is up to his old tricks in Crystal Lake. It's not clear whether this is part of the confusingly meta framework the network recently discussed for the show, in which the Friday The 13th movies exist within the fictional world, but are based on true events within that fictional world, which leads us to wonder how they deal with the one where he's in outer space.
Advertisement
Also worth noting that this Friday The 13th series has no relation to Friday The 13th: The Series, the late '80s show about two antique store owners who tracked down cursed antiques. That show had no relation to the film or Jason or hockey, apart from the title. No word as to when the show will premiere.
A new Amnesty International report details the devastating impact of a comprehensive ban that hits the young, poor and single hardest
Teodora del Carmen Vásquez was nine months pregnant when she felt a piercing pain in her abdomen. She called emergency services, but started bleeding and lost consciousness before help arrived.
As she came round, police officers surrounded her and accused her of murdering her baby by inducing an abortion. Vásquez, who was 24 at the time, was handcuffed and detained. She was hastily sentenced to 30 years in prison for aggravated murder.
Vásquez, now 32, is one of at least 19 women in El Salvador serving long prison sentences after suffering obstetric complications during pregnancy. Abortion has been banned in all circumstances since 1998. El Salvador is one of five countries where there are no exceptions, even if the woman is raped, her health or life is at risk, or if the foetus is seriously deformed.
Miscarriages of justice have become shockingly commonplace, in a pious, macho culture which endorses the aggressive persecution of women deemed guilty of rejecting their principal roles as mothers.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Teodora Vasquez in her prison cell in El Salvador. She was sentenced to 30 years after having a stillbirth based on suspicions that she induced an abortion. Photograph: Amnesty International
According to research by the Salvadoran Citizens' Group for the Decriminalization of Abortion, more than 250 women were reported to the police between 2000 and 2014, of whom 147 were prosecuted and 49 convicted – 26 for murder and 23 for abortion. The vast majority were like Vásquez: young, poor and single, and lost their baby after a medical complication.
The consequences are catastrophic for the women and their families, according to Amnesty International's new report Separated Families, Broken Ties, which details the financial and psychological impact on three families.
“El Salvador's ‘guilty until proven innocent' approach has cost scores of lives, landed women in prison for up to 40 years … condemned their children to poverty and trauma and created an environment of absolute fear amongst doctors and patients,” said Astrid Valencia, Central America researcher at Amnesty International.
“Instead of sentencing children to this unbearable suffering, authorities should focus on reviewing legislation that serves no purpose but to treat women as little more than human vessels.”
El Salvador pardons woman jailed after birth complications led to death of child Read more
Vásquez is one of 11 children from a family of subsistence farmers in a rural village in western El Salvador. Their dire economic situation forced her to leave school at the age of 10, and move to the capital, San Salvador, at 17. She found work as a domestic servant.
Vásquez gave birth to her first child when she was 20. He lived with his grandparents, so Vásquez could continue working.
In 2007, according to her sister Cecilia Vásquez de Ramos, 43, she was thrilled to fall pregnant for a second time.
“She was so happy she bought toys, nappies and clothes, and asked me to help look after the new baby so she could keep working,” she told the Guardian.
“I thought if I could just explain all this to the judge he would see that she wanted the baby, but I never got the chance.”
Despite the gravity of the allegations, Vásquez was in court within weeks of her arrest. There, she was denied a fair trial in favour of “express justice”, according to Katia Recinos, a lawyer with the Citizens' Group.
“There's an absolute criminalization of these women and their families,” Recinos said.
Vásquez's son was just four when she was imprisoned. It costs $10 – the equivalent of two days' wages – and takes almost two days on public transport to get from the family home to the women's prison. Vásquez has seen her son, now 12, once a year on average since her detention.
“I try to do everything his mother would do, so that he doesn't miss her so much, but I know he does, I can see it in his face,” said Vásquez's mother, María Sánchez de Vásquez, 60.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Teodora Vasquez's parents, Maria and Juan, and her sister Cecilia look at the only two pictures they have of Teodora. Photograph: Amnesty International
“He wants to see her more, but financially we can't. I try to do without things to save money so we can go, but it's very hard, I haven't seen my daughter since July. She is a good girl, I am filled with sadness.”
Vásquez's sister lives closer to the prison and tries to visit once a month with food, toiletries and money to pay for water so Teodora can bathe. It's a huge struggle, financially and emotionally, for everyone.
Cecilia Vásquez de Ramos said: “It is hard. I have my own five children and I should be helping my parents more, but I can't do it all. My sister tries to stay positive by studying and through her spirituality, but she suffered a huge loss.
“She never even got to hold her baby girl in her arms.”
To place an order. See Ordering link at bottom of page
.
Sorry no online ordering
$10.00 mininum parts order.
M-10 Pump Shotgun
Description Condition Quantity Available Price Ea
M-10 MAG TUBE ASSEMBLY WITH LOCK
VG
0 25.00 M-10 TRIGGER ASSEMBLY
1 20.00 M-10 BOLT STRIPPED
1 25.00 M-10 FIRING PIN
VG
5
12.00
M-10 CARRIER ASSEMBLY
00 15.00 M-10 EXTRACTOR Image EXC
0
15.00
M-10 SLIDE BAR ASSEMBLY ACTION SLIDE
GD
2 20.00 M-10 BARREL LOCK ASSEMBLY
00 10.00 M-10 SAFTEY
1 5.00 M-10 STOCK BOLT
1 5.00 M-11 SEMI AUTO 12 GA Unless noted
NEW parts are US Military Surplus
Description Condition Quantity Available Price M-11 12 GA BOLT STRIPPED, SPORTSMAN VG
00
25.00 M-11 BOLT
VG
0
25.00
M-11 BOLT HANDLE NEW 0
25.00 M-11 EXTRACTOR Image NEW
2
12.00
M-11 EXTRACTOR
EXC
1
10.00
M-11 EJECTOR Image NEW
4
6.00
M-11 MAG SPRING VG 1
6.00 M-11 TRIGGERGUARD SCREW VG 1
5.00 M-11 TRIGGERGUARD VG
00
30.00
M-11 MAGAZINE FOLLOWER Image NEW
8
10.00
M-11 MAGAZINE FOLLOWER VG 1
5.00 M-11 MAIN SPRING RETAINER
VG 00
5.00 M-11 FOREARM GUIDE RING VG 0
5.00 M-11 SAFETY VG 00
10.00 M-11 SAFETY SEAR Image NEW
2
12.00
M-11 HAMMER AND LINK Image NEW
0
30.00
M-11 HAMMER Image EXC 2
18.00 M-11 LINK Image NEW
10
12.00
M-11 LINK SPORTSMAN VG 1
12.00 M-11 FIBER CUSHION Image NEW 6
5.00 M-11 FIBER CUSHION RIVET NEW 00
2.00 M-11 ACTION TUBE NEW 00
15.00 M-11 MAIN SPRING Image NEW 1
10.00 M-11 TRIGGER Image NEW 4
15.00 M-11 TRIGGER SPRING Image NEW 8
6.00 M-11 TRIGGER PLATE PIN NEW 0
2.00 M-11 CARRIER SPRING Image NEW 4
10.00 M-11 CARRIER LATCH VG 5
10.00 M-11 CARRIER LATCH BUTTON Image NEW 8
4.00 M-11 CARRIER Image NEW 2
15.00 M-11 CARRIER SCREW Image VG 0
3.00 M-11 CARRIER SCREW, LOCKING SCREW VG 2
2.00 M-11 CARTRIDGE STOP, POST 1931 Image NEW 6
12.00 M-11 LOCKING BOLT 16 GA VG 2
25.00 M-11 LOCKING BOLT 12 GA VG 1
25.00 M-11 FIRING PIN NEW 0
25.00 M-11 SAFETY NEW 0
8.00 M-11 MAGAZINE CAP
VG 00
15.00 M-11 MAG TUBE 12 GA SPORTS MAN NEW 00
15.00 M-11 ACTION SPRING TUBE, SPORTSMAN VG 00
20.00
M-11 FOREARM RETAINING NUT SPORTSMAN Image NEW 3
15.00
M-12 22 Pump
Description Condition Quantity Available Price REM-12 BREECH BLOCK Image EXC
0
25.00
REM-12 FIRING PIN Image NEW
0
15.00
REM-12 MAGAZINE RING Image NEW
4
8.00
REM-12 TAKEDOWN SCREW
EXC
1
10.00
REM-121 ACTION BAR STRIPPED
VG
1
25.00
M-11-48 Semi-Auto
No 28 / 410 available
Description Condition Quantity Available Price 11-48 COMPLETE BOLT ASSEMBLY 20 GA VG 00
35.00 11-48 COMPLETE TRIGGER PLATE ASSEMBLY (TRIGGER GUARD)
VG
1
50.00
11-48 COMP TRIGGER ASSEMBLY 12 GA VG 1
2000 11-48 BUFFER ASSEMBLY COMPLETE 12 GA VG 00
15.00 11-48 BOLT HANDLE 12 GA Image NEW
2
15.00 11-48 SHELL LATCH 12 GA NEW
00
10.00 11-48 LOCK BLOCK 20 GA VG 2
12.00 11-48 LOCK BLOCK 16 GA VG 2
12.00 11-48 LOCK BLOCK 12 GA VG 1
12.00 11-48 CARRIER LATCH BUTTON VG 3
6.00 11-48 CARRIER LATCH SPRING VG 4
3.00 11-48 DISCONNECTOR NEW
1
8.00 11-48 EXTRACTOR 12 GA NEW
00
10.00 11-48 HAMMER PLUNGER VG 1
3.00 11-48 HAMMER PLUNGER SPRING VG 1
2.00 11-48 CARIER CATCH SPRINGS VG 1
2.00 11-48 RECOIL SPRING ASSEMBLY
VG
1
15.00
11-48 MAG TUBE FOLLOWER 410 NEW
0
8.00 11-48 MAG TUBE AND SPRING 12 GA VG
1
15.00 M-31 Pump Shotgun
New parts will have grease on them. (Old stock)
Description Condition Quantity Available Price MODEL-31 BARREL ADJUSTING BUSHING Image NEW
2
15.00 M-31 ACTION BAR LOCK Image EXC 3
15.00 M-31 ACTION BAR LOCK W/SPRING Image NEW
1
25.00
M-31 ACTION BAR LOCK SPRING Image NEW
3
5.00
M-31 RIGHT CARTRIDGE STOP NEW
0
10.00
M-31 LEFT CARTRIDGE STOP Image NEW 1
10.00 M-31 BREECHBLOCK Image NEW 1
25.00 M-31 TRIGGER LOCK Image NEW 2
15.00 M-31 CARRIER
NEW 0
15.00 M-31 LEFT EXTRACTOR NEW 0
10.00 M-31 EJECTOR NEW 2
10.00 M-31 MAINSPRING (HAMMER)
NEW
0
5.00
M 40 X 22 Sporter Description Condition Quantity Available Price M-40X SPORTER 22 MAGAZINE WELL EXC 0 40.00 M-40X SPORTER 22 MAGAZINE WELL WITH LATCH
EXC
0
50.00
M-40X SPORTER TRIGGER 22 COMPLETE EXC 0 45.00
M-51 380 /32 Pistol
Description Condition Quantity Available Price MODEL-51 SLIDE NO OTHER PARTS INCLUDED Image Image
00 30.00 M-51 BARREL 380 WELL WORN (GREAT BORE) Image GD
0 30.00 M-51 PISTOL TRIGGER
00 10.00 M-51 PISTOL RECOIL SPRING
VG
1 8.00 M-51 PISTOL RECOILSPRING BUSHING Image GD
1
10.00
M-51 SEAR LOCK
00
10.00
M-58 Semi Auto
Description
Condition Quantity Available Price MODEL-58 COMPLETE BOLT ASSEMBLY 20 GA VG 0
55.00 MODEL 58 SHELL LATCH RIGHT
VG
2
8.00
MODEL 58 SHELL LATCH RIGHT VG
1
8.00
MODEL 58 COMPLETE TRIGGER ASSEMBLY 20 GA
FINISH WEAR
VG 1
35.00 MODEL 58 MAGAZINE CAP
VG
0
10.00
MODEL 58 PISTON ASSEMBLY
VG
0
12.00
MODEL 58 PISTON SPRING
EXC
0
6.00
MODEL 58 FOREARM RING
EXC
0
10.00
MODEL 58 FOREARM RING WASHER EXC
0
4.00
M-500 Series Description Condition Quantity Available Price REM 550 BOLT STRIPPED Image VG
1 25.00 REM-550 BOLT HANDLE Image VG
1
15.00
REM 550 FIRING PIN Image VG
2
15.00
REM 550 RECVEIVER INSERT Image VG
1
REM 550 RECEIVER PLUG
VG
1
REM 550 TRIGGER ASSEMBLY Image VG
1
REM-550 SAFETY Image VG
2
5.00
REM 550 SEAR ASSEMBLY Image VG
1
REMINGOTN 511/521/513 PARTS INTERCHANGE
REM 511 22LR FIRING PIN
2 10.00 REM 511 22LR TRIGGER ASSEMBLY
1 10.00 REM 511/513 22LR MAG LOCK LATE SINGLE HOLE EXC 2
18.00 REM 511 22LR EJECTOR
00 5.00 REM 511 TRIGGER GUARD GD
1 8.00 REM- 511 /512 /521/ 513 FIRING PIN Image EXC
1
20.00
REM M-513 SAFETY Image
2 5.00
REM 514 FIRING PIN Image NEW
3
15.00
REM M-572 / 552 TRIGGERGUARD ASSEMBLY COMPLETE NEW
00
35.00 REM M-572 / 552 FOREARM SUPORT Image NEW 6
4.00 REM M-572 FOREARM GRIP SCREW 25080
NEW
4
6.00
REM M-572 BARREL DOWEL SCREW 25670
NEW
3
5.00
REM M-572 EXTRACTOR RIGHT 22636
NEW
2
12.00
REM M-572 LOCKING BAR SPRING 16729
NEW
1
8.00
REM M-572 TRIGGER PLATE PIN 22636
NEW
2
5.00
REM M-552 /572 FIRING PIN Image NEW
2
12.00
REM M-552 ACTION BAR ASSEMBLY
VG
1
15.00
REM M-552 ACTION BAR SPRING
NEW
1
5.00
REM M-552 BOLT COMPLETE Image EXC
1
30.00
REM M-552 DEFLECTOR W/ SCREWS Image VG
0
15.00
REM M-552/ 572 RECEIVER COVER
NEW
1
10.00
REM M-552 /572 TRIGGERPLATE COMPLETE Image VG
1
45.00
REM-581 REAR SIGHT BASE
NEW
3
8.00
REM 591 BOLT SLEEVE
00
20.00 REM 591 BOLT HANDLE
00
30.00 REM 591 EXTRACTOR
00
10.00 REM 591 BOLT HEAD
00
40.00
REMINGTON 597 TRIGGER HOUSING ASSEMBLY
VG
1
45.00
Viper M-522 Description Condition Quantity Available Price MAGAZINE GUIDE
GD 1
5.00 BOLT HANDLE GD 00
15.00 BOLT, NO EXTRACTOR GD 1
20.00 EXTRACTOR
NEW
3
14.00
BOLT HOLD OPEN
GD
1
7.00
CARRIER SEAR STOP
GD
1
7.00
FIRING PIN GD 1
15.00 TAKEDOWN SCREW FRONT GD 1
2.00 TAKEDOWN SCREW REAR
GD
1
2.00
TRIGGER
VG 1
25.00 TWIN SEARS
VG
00
20.00
MAGAZINE FOLLOWER RED Image NEW
4
10.00
Nylon 66
Description Condition Quantity Available Price BOLT ASSEMBLY COMPLETE
VG 0
25.00 BOLT HANDLE EXC 1
10.00 TRIGGERGUARD Image VG
2
15.00
TRIGGER Image
1
8.00
BARREL BRACKET
1
8.00
BARREL SUPPORT Image VG
1
3.00
SEAR Image VG
2
7.00
SEAR SPRING
1
3.00
DISCONNECT
0
10.00
DISCONNECT PIVOT
1
5.00
SAFETY AND LEVER
0
12.00
CARTRIDGE STOP Image VG
2
4.00
CARTRIDGE STOP SPRING
1
3.00
CARTRIDGE FEED INSERT Image
1
12.00
EJECTOR
1
4.00
FIRING PIN STRIKER Image VG
2
10.00
FIRING PIN STRIKER SPRING
0
FIRING PIN STRIKER SLEEVE
0
ACTION PLUNGER
0
ACTION PLUNGER SPRING
0
MAGAZINE LOCK
1
5.00
RECEIVER SCREW LONG
2
4.00
BARREL LOCK SCREW
1
3.00
BUTT PLATE Image VG
0
12.00
M-700/ 721/ 722/ 788
Description Condition Quantity Available Price REM M-7 BDL TRIGGERGUARD SS COMPLETE,
FITS MODEL-7 ONLY EXC 00
75.00
M-700 TRIGGERGUARD HINGED PLATE SA
EXC
00
65.00
M-700 TRIGGERGUARD HINGED PLATE LA
EXC
00
65.00
M-700 MAGAZINE EXTENDER 223 TO 308 REPLACES THE FLOOR PLATE ADDITIONAL 2-4 SHOT DEPENDING ON CALIBER
NEW
2
30.00
M-700 ADL BOX SA WITH BOX SPRING AND FOLLOWER
NEW
2
25.00
M-700 MAGAZINE EXTENTION 2 EXTRA SHOTS SA
NEW
1
35.00
M-700 ADL TRIGGER GUARD METAL Image NEW
1
25.00
M-700 ADL TRIGGER GUARD PLASTIC Image NEW
2
18.00
M-700 ADL TRIGGER GUARD SCREW SET NEW
2
8.00
M-721 / 722 TRIGGER ASSEMBLY
EXC
00
25.00
M-721 TRIGGERGUARD
VG
00
15.00
M-722 TRIGGERGUARD VG
0
25.00
M-788 TRIGGERGUARD
00 15.00 M-788 TRIGGERGUARD PLATE
00 8.00 M-788 TRIGGER
00
25.00
M-740 /742/ 7400 and M-760/ 7600
Description Condition Quantity Available Price M-7600 ACTION BAR ASSEMBLY
TO CONVERT M-760 TO THE M7600 FOREARM
EXC
0
45.00
M-7600 ACTION TUBE ASSEMBLY
TO CONVERT M-760 TO THE M7600 FOREARM
EXC
0
15.00
M-760 / 742 SAFETY WILLIAMS GIANT HEAD LH Image NEW
0
15.00
M-742 / 7400 OPERATING ROD NEW
3
12.00
M-870 Pump Shotgun 12 Ga / 20 Ga
Description Condition Quantity Available Price M- 870 STOCK BOLT (LONG) FOR FACTORY
SYNTHETIC STOCKS Image NEW 2
8.00 M-870 MAGAZINE CAP W/ SWIVEL Image EXC
2
15.00 M-870 MAGAZINE CAP Image EXC
2
10.00
M-870 BOLT ASSEMBLY COMPLETE
EXC
00
45.00 M-870 BOLT STRIPPED Image EXC
4
20.00
M-870 SLIDE ASSEMBLY Image EXC
3
15.00
M-870 LOCKING BLOCK Image EXC
4
12.00
M-870 CARRIER Image NEW
2
12.00
M-870 ACTION BAR LOCK Image NEW
3
12.00
M-870 STOCK BEARING PLATE NEW 8
6.00 M-870 FIRING PIN NEW 5
8.00 M-870 LARGE HEAD SAFETY NEW 00
12.00 M-870 SHELL LATCH RH EXC
00
5.00 M-870 SHELL LATCH LH EXC
00
5.00 M-870 MAG SPRING 12 GA
NEW 4
8.00 M-870 MAG SPRING 20 GA
NEW
00
8.00
M-870 MAG SPRING RETAINER OLD STYLE NEW 00
5.00 M-870 MAG SPRING RETAINER NEW STYLE PLASTIC NEW 2
6.00 M-870 MAG SPRING RETAINER NEW STYLE PLASTIC 20 GA
NEW 1
6.00 M-870 / 1100 MAG FOLLOWER 12 GA (NEW TYPE) NEW 2
5.00 M-870 / 1100 MAG FOLLOWER 12 GA NEW 2
5.00 M-870 / 1100 MAG FOLLOWER 20 GA NEW 2
5.00 M-870 FOREARM TUBE ASSEMBLY
EXC
1
20.00
M-870 FOREARM TUBE NUT
EXC
2
5.00
M-870 TRIGGER PLATE (TRIGGER GUARD)
NEW
1
30.00
M-870 TRIGGER PLATE ASSEMBLY (TRIGGER GUARD) EXC
1
60.00
M-1100 Semi Auto
Description Condition Quantity Available Price MODEL-1100 12GA FIRING PIN AND EXTACTOR KIT NEW 00
18.00 M-1100 410 GA FIRING PIN AND EXTACTOR KIT NEW 00
18.00 M-1100 28 GA FIRING PIN AND EXTACTOR KIT NEW 00
18.00 M-1100 28 / 410 GAS SEALs. PISTON AND O-RING KIT NEW 00
18.00 M-1100 12 GA O-RING NEW 5+
3.00 M-1100 20 GA O-RINGS NEW 5+
3.00 M-1100 12 GA MAGAZINE CAP Image NEW
1
15.00
M-1100 12 GA MAGAZINE CAP WITH SWIVEL
NEW
1
20.00
M-1100 12 GA MAGAZINE CAP USED
2
10.00
M-1100 BOLT OPERATING ROD Image NEW 2
16.00 M-1100 BOLT OPERATING ROD COMBAT LARGE Image NEW 1
20.00 M-1100 12 GA SHELL STOP NEW 00
5.00 M-1100 GAS CYLINDER COLLAR
EXC
1
8.00
M-1100 ACTION SPRING
EXC
2
8.00
M-1100 ACTION SPRING PLUG
EXC
2
6.00
M-11-87 ACTION BAR
EXC
00
25.00
M-11-87 ACTION BAR SLEEVE
EXC
1
15.00
M-11-87 BOLT ASSEMBLY COMPLETE CHROME
NEW
00
45.00
M-11-87 BOLT ASSEMBLY COMPLETE PARKERIZED
NEW
00
45.00
M-11-87 TRIGGER PLATE (TRIGGER GUARD) NEW
1
45.00
M-11-87 TRIGGER PLATE ASSEMBLY COMPLETE (TRIGGER GUARD)
NEW
00
50.00
M-11-87 FOREARM SUPPORT Image NEW
1
8.00
Misc Description Condition Quantity Available Price SEE Barrels SEE Stocks SEE Bolts
Make a blog for create-react-app in 10 lines of code
If you're using create-react-app - we can create a Markdown (Jekyll style) blog in 10 lines of code.
Assumptions
you're using create-react-app 2.4.3 and react-router 3.2 Jekyll style (so create a _posts directory)
1. Install dependencies
npm install -g create-react-app@1.4.3 create-react-app react-blog cd react-blog npm install --save --save-exact react-scripts@1.0.17 npm install --save react-router@3.2.0 markdown-with-front-matter-loader@0.1.0 github-markdown-css@2.9.0 npm start
2. Dynamically require all blogs (Webpack)
// eslint-disable-next-line import/no-webpack-loader-syntax const webpackRequireContext = require.context('!markdown-with-front-matter-loader!./_posts', false, /.md$/); const blogs = webpackRequireContext.keys().reduce((memo, fileName) => memo.set(fileName.match(/.\/([^.]+).*/)[1], webpackRequireContext(fileName)), new Map())
3. Create UI
// eslint-disable-next-line import/first import 'github-markdown-css'; const blogIndex = (blogs) => () => <ul>{[...blogs.keys()].map(path => <li key={path}><Link to={'/'+path}>{blogs.get(path).title || path}</Link></li>)}</ul>; const blogWrapper = ({ __content }) => () => <div><Link to='/'>« Back to blog</Link><hr /><div className='markdown-body' dangerouslySetInnerHTML={{__html: __content}}></div></div>;
4. Create react-router routes
// eslint-disable-next-line import/first import { Link, IndexRoute, Router, Route, browserHistory } from 'react-router'; const reactRoutes = [<IndexRoute key='index' component={blogIndex(blogs)} />].concat([...blogs.keys()].map(path => <Route key={path} path={path} component={blogWrapper(blogs.get(path))} />));
5. Integrate within your react-router config
<Route path="/">{reactRoutes}</Route>
6. Final integration
ReactDOM.render( <Router history={browserHistory}> <Route path="/">{reactRoutes}</Route> </Router>, document.getElementById('root') );
7. Now create a _posts directory and write a blog post in Markdown
8. What it looks like
9.
get it here: https://github.com/sanfrancesco/create-react-app-blog
The Nike Air Max 1 “atmos” was selected to make a return during the 2016 Nike Air Max vote, and it now looks like an Air Jordan 3 atmos will be joining them to release in a pack.
The Air Jordan 3 atmos will be joining the Nike Air Max 1 atmos to release as a pack on Nike Air Max Day later this year. The Nike Air Max 1 “atmos” was announced last year during the 2016 Air Max Day vote, which allowed users to vote on their favorite past Air Max release to return. The two shoes will release as a Tier Zero Pack. Although no exact release date has been revealed, you can expect the pack to release on or around Air Max Day on March 26th, 2017. Stay tuned with JustFreshKicks for more future updates.
Below is a look at an Air Jordan 3 “atmos” custom that can give you an idea of what the upcoming Air Jordan 3 “atmos” will look like.
In terms of big unanswered questions in our planet's history, you don't get much bigger than “How did life start?” It certainly didn't start without water, and the latest turn in a seven-year NASA mission may bring scientists closer to understanding how that vital subtance, one of the building blocks of life, got to Earth.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft became the first ship to achieve orbit around a dwarf planet when it swung into the gravitational pull of Ceres last week. Ceres, the largest object in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter, has water. If scientists can glean clues as to how it got there, they might come closer to more definitely answering the same question for our planet.
“Ceres has a large inventory of ice. It may even have some liquid water,” says mission director and chief engineer Marc Rayman. "We don't know that yet, but it's one of the things we want to investigate. And of course, I think many people know that there is a big question about how Earth got its water. Well, maybe by exploring Ceres we'll learn more about that.”
Dawn is also the first spacecraft to orbit two extraterrestrial targets. Its first stop was the giant asteroid Vesta, also part of the main asteroid belt, which it orbited in 2011 and 2012. The images Dawn captured showed scientists that Vesta more closely resembles a planet than other asteroids — and that it had completely melted in the past
Scientists consider both Vesta and Ceres to be “protoplanets,” bodies that form planets when they collide and combine with each other. The pull of Jupiter stopped that process for Vesta and Ceres, but Dawn's mission could help scientists better understand Earth's development.
An image taken by Dawn on Feb. 19 of two bright spots on Ceres. Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/UCLA/MPS/ DLR/IDA
Based on recent developments, Rayman and his team also have a more specific goal in mind for Dawn. On Jan. 13, the spacecraft captured an image showing two bright spots on Ceres' surface. Scientists aren't sure what's causing them, but Rayman hopes that Dawn will help them get to the bottom of it as it begins to take higher resolution pictures in the coming months.
“They are just this sort of glowing beacons shining out from the uncharted landscape ahead, and the answer to your question of what they are is we don't know,” Rayman says. “It makes you want to send a spacecraft there to find out.”
There's one more first for Dawn: It got to Ceres using an electrically powered ion engine. It's the first exploratory spacecraft to use one, which is an important development for space exploration. The experimental Deep Space One probe first demoed the engine back in 1998. As NASA explains, Dawn's “thrusters work by using an electrical charge to accelerate ions from xenon fuel to a speed 10 times that of chemical engines.” A more efficient engine means a lighter and cheaper spacecraft, and a much smoother ride.
"You're used to thinking of a spacecraft coming screaming up at high velocity, you know?" Rayman explains. "And it executes this bone-rattling, whiplash-inducing burn into orbit. But Dawn just very, very gently, gradually, elegantly slips into orbit, maneuvering in a complex route that would be the envy of any crackerjack spaceship pilot.”
This video from NASA helps show what Dawn's path looked like:
Dawn is on the dark side of Ceres until April, when it will begin spiraling closer to the dwarf planet and sending back more images and data for NASA scientists to pore over. It's mission will last a year, but Dawn will be in Ceres' orbit long after its last transmission home.
“We're going to be exploring it for about a year, but it's going to be in orbit effectively forever,” Rayman says. "We're not leaving. We're there to stay.”
A previous version of this story incorrectly stated that Dawn was the first space probe to use an ion engine. While it is the first exploratory probe to do so, the experimental Deep Space One probe first demoed the technology in the 1990s.
Hawaii House Speaker Joseph Souki (D-8) last Friday introduced a bill to legalize the possession of marijuana by adults and create a system of taxed and regulated legal marijuana commerce. The measure, House Bill 150, would allow people 21 and over to possess up to an ounce and grow an as yet unspecified number of plants in a secure location.
The bill passed its first reading last Friday, but has yet to be sent to a committee. The 2013 legislative session began Tuesday."Regulating and taxing marijuana similarly to alcohol takes marijuana sales out of the hands of criminals and puts them behind the counter in legitimate businesses that will generate significant new revenue for Hawaii," said Mason Tvert, director of communications at the Marijuana Policy Project , which is working on passage of the bill. "Law enforcement resources should be focused on preventing and responding to serious crimes rather than enforcing antiquated marijuana prohibition laws."In addition to allowing adult possession and cultivation, the bill would also authorize the state to license marijuana retail stores, cultivation facilities, product manufacturing facilities, and testing facilities. Public pot smoking, driving under the influence, and use by individuals under the age of 21 would remain illegal.The bill introduction comes on the heels of the release earlier this month of a QMark Research Poll that showed support for legalization at 57%. That poll was sponsored by the Drug Policy Action Group, a sister group of the Drug Policy Forum of Hawaii , and the ACLU of Hawaii , suggesting that local as well as national reform groups are pushing the bill.In the wake of the legalization victories in Colorado and Washington last November, at least a half dozen states are expected to entertain legalization bills. Hawaii is first out the gate; the others are Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont.
A Fox News guest called President Obama “the rapper-in-chief” on Monday because he used the N-word during a podcast interview.
Obama recently appeared on comedian Marc Maron's “WTF” podcast, the audio of which was released on Monday morning, and discussed racism in the U.S.
“Racism, we are not cured of. And it's not just a matter of it not being polite to say ‘nigger' in public,” Obama said. “That's not the measure of whether racism still exists or not. It's not just a matter of overt discrimination. Societies don't, overnight, completely erase everything that happened 200 to 300 years prior.”
Fox News contributor Deneen Borelli, who is black, expressed outrage during a discussion on the Fox News show “America's Newsroom.”
“He has really dragged in the gutter-speak of rap music,” Borelli said. “So now he's the first President of rap, of street? I mean, come on, he has lowered the stature of the high office of the President of the United States.”
“The President-in-chief, the rapper-in-chief now, is further dividing our country,” Borelli continued.
Borelli, a Conservative Review correspondent, said Obama's use of the word spoke “volumes” about who he is as a President.
“The man is divisive and he has taken the level of the office of the presidency down to another level by saying these words and he's continuing — listen, class warfare — you name it,” Borelli said, trying to list what Obama has done wrong. “He's dividing the country. … He makes it seem like our country is the racist (sic) country in the world, and it's not.”
Host Bill Hemmer contributed his take on the use of the word.
“I mean as a white American, my entire life I know that this is an electric word,” Hemmer said. “And you stay away from it. … This is something that we thought was entirely off-limits and now you have the President using it.”
Borelli lamented that Obama had not commended how people of all races had come together to pray and commemorate the lives of the nine black churchgoers who were killed last week in Charleston, S.C.
The mass shooting at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, a historic black church, were allegedly committed by a white gunman, Dylann Roof, who apparently had white supremacist leanings.
Watch below:
One of the options in WordPress you may not yet know about is your screen options. When in your Dashboard, look to the top right underneath your name, there should be two pull down menu options; Screen Options and Help. When you click on the Screen Options tab, you should see something like this:
WordPress screen options in the Dashboard
As you try the various options, you'll see them be added or removed in real time. You'll notice different options if you do this in the main Dashboard area, vs being "Add New" posts or "Add New" page, so try the screen options in each of these. Here is how it will look under "Add New" posts for example:
Post screen options
You can see the options are different, and as you click on add or delete, you should see the option be removed from your screen. If you don't see any windows being removed or added, you may have to scroll down if you have a lot going on — on your screen. For example, I'm using a plugin called WordPress SEO by Yoast that is quite large. I don't see the Discussion widget get added or removed unless I scroll beneath the WordPress SEO window.
This week in Elixir
Learning Elixir's GenStage
The Learning Elixir series is a gem in its own right and one of my personal favorites, helping people approach all things Elixir and OTP from the eyes of the author.
AppSignal starts Public Beta this week
While I haven't tried their product (yet), I am always excited to see established services rolling out Elixir support.
Unicode and UTF-8 Explained
This series of blog posts explains what Unicode is, how UTF-8 encoding works and how Elixir's string implementation helps it do things correctly that many languages do wrong.
Dynamic forms with Phoenix
This blog post by José shows how to build forms in Phoenix that use our schema information to dynamically show the proper input fields with validations, errors and so on.
Stateful vs. Stateless Web Applications
Interesting read. And comparing Phoenix to Ruby on Rails doesn't get old, does it?
Monitoring Elixir Apps with Prometheus/Grafana
Sebastian provides a step-by-step guide to monitoring your Elixir apps using established tools.
Announcing Constable
Thoughtbot released Constable, an open source Phoenix application for handling company discussions and announcements.
Wall Street giant Morgan Stanley sounded the alarm yesterday.
The prospect of Jeremy Corbyn becoming prime minister is a more serious threat to British business than Brexit, the investment bank Morgan Stanley has warned.
...The nationalisation of key industries, higher taxes and a shift in spending priorities towards low-income households under Corbyn's leadership could damage valuations of UK companies, the US bank warned.
Be Afraid Of Socialism! We've heard this tune before, but rarely do we hear a reply like this.
“Labour is a growing movement of well over half a million members and a government-in-waiting that will work for the many. So when they say we're a threat, they're right. We're a threat to a damaging and failed system that's rigged for the few.”
Boom! This is what happens when your politician isn't owned by Wall Street.
The Labour leader hit back on Thursday, accusing Morgan Stanley of being part of the same “speculators and gamblers who crashed our economy in 2008”. In a video posted on social media, he also promised a new approach to financial services regulation.
“Nurses, teachers, shopworkers, builders, just about everyone is finding it harder to get by, while Morgan Stanley's CEO paid himself £21.5m last year and UK banks paid out £15bn in bonuses,” Corbyn said.
He highlighted Morgan Stanley's $3.2bn settlement with US authorities for its role in the creation of flawed mortgage-backed bonds during the global financial crisis, and the bank's four meetings with senior government figures including Philip Hammond, the chancellor, last year.
The mic just got dropped.
via GIPHY
Speaking of Philip Hammond and his buddies at Morgan Stanley, last month it was Hammond that put one over the fat part of home plate so Corbyn could knock it out of the park.
Philip Hammond says that Labour poses an 'existential challenge to our economic model' - Yes, we do. I am not going to sit back when their economic model is seeing: homelessness double
four million children in poverty
over a million older people not getting the care they need Their economic model is broken. It doesn't work for most people. Even the International Monetary Fund thinks inequality and low taxes for the richest are harming the economy.
That's twice now Corbyn has told them "Yes, you've got it right. I'm coming for you. Was I not clear about it before?" And Labour keeps pulling further and further ahead.
Maybe the neoliberals are hard of hearing.
Jeremy Corbyn couldn't have picked better enemies.
One of the more interesting things about DC's practice of throwing out its existing continuity every once in a while and starting over with a new reboot is that it never quite gets to Batman himself. Sure, there are bits and pieces that are changed --- as the years go by, you lose elements like Joe Chill and Carter Nichols, until someone decides they want to bring them back again, for instance, and you might even get something as extreme as Zero Year coming along to supplant Year One --- but there's never really the kind of clean break with previous continuity that you see with Superman or Wonder Woman .
Instead, the core of what's going on with the character always carries over into a shift in focus, a new direction that brings one of those elements to the forefront in a new way. And this week, when Detective Comics returned to its original numbering under James Tynion IV , Eddy Barrows , Eber Ferreira, Adriano Lucas and Marilyn Patrizio, that's exactly what happened. It's the same Batman that we had before Rebirth , but with a new emphasis on his relationship to his extended family of sidekicks and partners. And it turns out that it's exactly what I wanted out of a Batman comic.
That's probably not that surprising. I've written before about how the idea of family is at the core of Batman, that necessary foundation that everything else about the character is built on in one way or another. With that in mind, getting a high-profile relaunch that not only examines and strengthens Batman's relationships with the rest of the Batman family, but even goes as far as expanding it to include Clayface, of all people? That's the sort of thing that would be right up my alley even if it didn't open up with a mysterious new villain trying to murder Azrael with tiny little Bat-shaped drones.
In that respect, this issue feels like it's picking up the threads that were laid out in Batman and Robin Eternal , a book that was entirely focused on Batman's past and present sidekicks. It has that same feeling, the same approach to using this massive cast that's mostly made up of teenage vigilantes, and considering that Eternal was one of the most ridiculously fun comics of the past few years, that's something I'm definitely into.
The difference, of course, is who's in charge. Batman and Robin Eternal worked as well as it did largely because of the absence of Batman, allowing the existing sidekicks to explore their relationships, and bringing characters that had fallen by the wayside with the last reboot --- specifically Azrael and Cassandra Cain --- to be brought back into the fold. With Batman back in action, I went into this issue with a little bit of apprehension, hoping that it wouldn't be about the Family having to establish their roles in this new iteration of the DC Universe by Earning Batman's Trust! again.
Instead, what we got was a series of pages that were all about how much Batman believes in his people.
And again, this is something that's right up my alley. Batman just confidently saying, "This is Tim Drake, he's great; this is Spoiler, I've underestimated her in the past but you know what, she's great too" is exactly how I want those relationships to play out, built entirely around people who believe in each other.
But that said, that's not a dynamic that has a lot of tension, so the solution of filtering it through the lens of Batwoman is one of the smartest things they could have done to restore that.
Ever since she made her debut, Kate Kane has always existed on the fringes of the Batman Family, and that's by design. She's meant to be a character who, while she clearly has a connection to all the other characters who wear bats on their chests, is driven by her own narrative that exists outside of Bruce Wayne's.
Because of that, bringing her closer into the Family is a pretty dicey proposition. Doing that without making her narrative subordinate to Batman's, and keeping her on the level where she started, as a character important enough that she was introduced as the main protagonist of this very comic , is tough. The solution, however, is the obvious one. If you just present them as equals --- and in doing so, reinforce the idea that she's a part of Batman's literal family as well as his chosen family --- then that is what they are.
Batman recognizing that Batwoman is more suited for training sidekicks is a genuinely brilliant move on multiple levels. For one thing, it makes perfect sense for Batman --- as much as he's always been surrounded by people to help him, one of the fundamental aspects of his origin story is that he trains himself . It's certainly inspiring and interesting, but it also means that Bruce Wayne only really knows how to train Bruce Wayne. For characters like Tim Drake, Stephanie Brown, and even Dick Grayson and Jason Todd, the entire point is that they're not like Bruce Wayne. They exist in contrast by their very nature.
For Batman to recognize that not only as his own limitation but as one of Batwoman's strengths, though, makes perfect sense for both characters. It plays up Kate Kane's military background, but more than that, it shows that she's not only familiar with a more standardized training, that she can not only work well in a group --- something that's been established by the fact that her father has been serving as an ersatz militarized Alfred since her introduction --- but that she's capable of adapting that training to individual superhero work.
There's a level of trust in her on display here that I find absolutely beautiful. Batman revealing his identity is one thing, but there are a lot of people in the know on that one. Batman trusting someone with the lives of his family , though? There aren't many people on that level, and bringing Batwoman to that level doesn't just play her up as a character with strengths that Batman doesn't have, and it doesn't just give her a way into the inner circle of the Family. It also opens the door to explore a whole new set of relationships that have never been explored. And that alone makes it new in a way that I was very excited to see.
As someone who reads an awful lot of Batman comics, I've been following James Tynion IV for a while now. Through the past few years of backup stories and miniseries, he's been right on the edge of being one of the best writers for the character. Now, seeing his approach in action alongside an artist like Barrows, who handles these characters so well, I feel like he's finally there, doing something fresh and exciting that's moving forward in a really great way.
The NFL off-season is still young as we continue to roll through contact-free Organized Team Activities. That doesn't mean the competition isn't starting to heat up yet, though. In the case of the most unsettled and controversial position battle on the roster, this is especially true. We're talking about quarterbacks the punter battle, of course!
Joking aside, the punter competition is definitely worth keeping an eye on. Some of you may think it's silly, and it's fair to think that. "It's just the punter," you say. "Why is this Brandon Lee guy even wasting time on this? WHO CARES?!"
Well I'm putting my foot down (the first of many bad punter puns) and taking a stand. It feels like it's been way too long since the Eagles have had a good punter. It probably doesn't mean too much in the big picture, but I'm tired of having to settle for subpar punting, and you should be too.
More: Benefits of adding a better punter
Thankfully things are looking up. After dabbling afoot in the noodle-armed Chas Henry and armpit-punter Mat McBriar experiments last year, it was clear the Eagles needed an upgrade. The Eagles pulled the strings to bring in PFF's number 1 overall rated P from 2012... Donnie Jones, formerly of the Houston Texans. Jones was also named to the All-Pro second team in both 2008 and 2009.
It didn't stop there though. Along came the addition of undrafted free agent Brad Wing, an Australian born punter who attended LSU. Wing is an interesting character, as BGN community member SouthernPhilly already pointed out.
According to Adam Caplan, I'm not alone in thinking this is an interesting battle. I'll paraphrase what he (and Dave Spadaro) had to say on a recent interview on the Eagles website (go to 6:00).
Donnie Jones is kicking the crap out of the ball. Jones' hangtime is absolutely terrific. [Brad] Wing is not that good with [hangtime], and you need to have that [in the NFL]. [With] directional punting, Jones is very, very good. Wing needs to get better at that. We're not handing this thing to Wing. It will be an excellent competition.
Nothing here is too surprising. Jones, 32, is a veteran who's had many years to perfect his craft. Wing obviously doesn't have the same kind of experience. In theory, it would be ideal if Wing performs well and wins the job because the Eagles could have some stability at the position for years to come. If not, though, no big deal. Jones sure isn't a bad option for now.
Other factors will go into the competition such as holding for PAT attempts. As far as I'm aware they're both qualified there. I do wonder if athleticism will factor into the decision based on Chip's potential use of the swinging gate PAT formation. Punting performance is first and foremost though.
Here's the kicker (err, the punter?) - as we all know, none of this matters too much right now. The job will be fought for and won in training camp and pre-season. I'm sure Jones and Wing are prepared to leave blood, sweat, and tears out there on the field to determine who will be The One True Philadelphia Eagles Punter.
So there you have it. Almost 600 words on the Eagles punter competition.
Training camp sure can't get here soon enough.
More from BGN
Bradley Fletcher: The X factor?
Kenny Phillips is hurt
Damaris Johnson hype is ramping up
Eagles have the biggest coaching staff in the NFL
FINAL FANTASY® XV fans can look forward to an exclusive preview of FINAL FANTASY XV MULTIPLAYER EXPANSION: COMRADES by participating in the upcoming Closed Online test*.
Available from Thursday, August 3rd (5 a.m. Pacific) ~ Wednesday, August 9th (12 a.m. Pacific), the Closed Online Test will take place simultaneously worldwide. Players will be able to create their own custom avatars and join up to three friends to participate in exciting multiplayer quests to bring the Light back to the Kingdom of Lucis. Players will also be able to interact with friends through voice chat and preset chat messages.
All eligible players who meet the entry conditions will be able to download and participate in theCOMRADES Closed Online Test from the Xbox Games Store and PlayStation®Store throughout the duration of the test.
More information on the Closed Online Test along with player eligibility can be found here:http://sqex.to/rAu.
*The schedule of the Closed Online Test is subject to change. The content from the test version will be different to the final product. Players will not be able to carry their data over from the Closed Online Test to the final version.
About FINAL FANTASY XV MULTIPLAYER EXPANSION: COMRADES
The full version of FINAL FANTASY XV MULTIPLAYER EXPANSION: COMRADES will be available later this year and requires FINAL FANTASY XV and the purchase of either MULTIPLAYER EXPANSION: COMRADES or the Season Pass. It also requires a subscription to an Xbox Live Gold membership or a PlayStation®Plus subscription.
Even though OkCupid probably hasn't connected you with your soulmate just yet, it's setting its sights a little lower than eternal love, and will now be content with just connecting you with a roommate.
According to OkCupid co-founder Sam Yagan, the largely free online dating service is not-so-secretly-anymore beta testing a roommate matching service on a still-secret domain. The media was tipped off at OkCupid's new venture thanks to a job posting that noted the company is building “apps that help you use your data to discover new people for housing, careers and more.” We're most excited by whatever that “more” entails.
The new roommate matching service won't blend with OkCupid's already established dating hub, though ads for the new service might appear on OkCupid.
Yagan plans on the new service to use the same question and answer method as OkCupid does, where users spend hours getting lost in quizzes, then the provided answers are used to find you a better match.
It remains to be seen if an OkCupid venture into roommate matching will put a dent in the always scary but somewhat necessary Craigslist matching service, though users will probably enjoy something that isn't seen to be as terrifying as the Craigslist norm. That's about all the information available to the public at the moment, but I'm sure we'd all welcome a less sketchy roommate matching service.
(via SocialTimes)
Relevant to your interests
Buying diamonds made simple
Diamonds may be a girl's best friend, but with the dizzying array of natural diamond types, synthetic diamonds and convincing costume-jewelry fakes on the market today, how does a smart shopper choose?
Natural versus lab-grown, crystal-clear or colored — even cubic zirconia is getting some respect. The choices are vast, and there's likely a stone for nearly any buyer with any budget. The one thing you can do wrong is head down to the jewelry store with no plan.
So, whether you have your sights set on a wedding or just some bling, get started on your hunt with our special diamond-buyer's guide.
Tips on diamonds
Traditional diamonds still a perfect choice
This is the diamond Marilyn Monroe sang about — the natural stone created in the earth's crust over millions of years. The round, or “brilliant” cut, remains the most popular. “Two out of every three people who buy a diamond in the world buy a round,” says Fred Cuellar, founder and president of stone processor Diamond Cutters International in Houston, and author of “How to Buy a Diamond.”
Benefits: It's the real deal. Three factors determine a diamond's value, Cuellar says. “Beauty — that encompasses all the four ‘Cs' (cut, color, clarity, carat) — rarity and durability,” he says. Only a natural diamond meets all these standards. A carat is a unit of weight for precious stones, equal to 200 milligrams.
Considerations: Money. Only one out of every 50 diamonds sold in 2010 is likely to appreciate in value, says Cuellar. Prices for rounds of this quality range from $3,400 to $28,000 a carat, according to the Rapaport Diamond Report.
“The No. 1 complaint a woman has about her diamond is sparkle,” says Cuellar. His top tip: Ask for a “vivid” white diamond — the industry's term for the most sparkling and thus most valuable diamonds.
How to spot good colored diamonds
White or “colorless” diamonds are the most desired, yet colored or “fancy” diamonds can fetch higher prices — or be nearly worthless. Here's a rundown of what to expect with colored diamonds.
Reds and pinks: The rarest of colors, these diamonds get their ruby hues thanks to an irregular atomic structure. “When the spectrum of light enters it, it's actually exciting certain electrons in the stone to different wavelengths, making it appear red,” Cuellar says. In November, British jeweler Laurence Graff paid a record $46 million for a ring featuring a 24.78-carat rare pink diamond.
The rarest of colors, these diamonds get their ruby hues thanks to an irregular atomic structure. “When the spectrum of light enters it, it's actually exciting certain electrons in the stone to different wavelengths, making it appear red,” Cuellar says. In November, British jeweler Laurence Graff paid a record $46 million for a ring featuring a 24.78-carat rare pink diamond. Blues: Colored by trace amounts of boron, blues include the allegedly cursed Hope Diamond and the Blue Heart Diamond, both today held by the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C.
Colored by trace amounts of boron, blues include the allegedly cursed Hope Diamond and the Blue Heart Diamond, both today held by the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C. Yellow: Nitrogen, usually an unwanted quality in mostly colorless natural diamonds, can create expensive, vivid canary-yellow diamonds.
Nitrogen, usually an unwanted quality in mostly colorless natural diamonds, can create expensive, vivid canary-yellow diamonds. Green: Radiation causes the color, but gemological labs often cannot determine if the radiation was natural or man-made. “The person who has it has something of no value,” says Cuellar.
Radiation causes the color, but gemological labs often cannot determine if the radiation was natural or man-made. “The person who has it has something of no value,” says Cuellar. Champagne, cognac or chocolate: Skip these newly popular colors, says Cuellar. “You might as well just burn your money,” he says.
Synthetic diamonds are a good alternative
Synthetic diamonds have the same properties as natural diamonds, but they're man-made by subjecting seed diamonds or other carbon material to high pressure in a laboratory. Also called “cultured diamonds” or “laboratory grown,” the first synthetic diamonds were made in the 1950s by a process later industrialized by General Electric.
Benefits: Cultured diamonds come in the full spectrum of colors and generally cost less than a comparable natural diamond. Of all the colors produced, the labs have perfected fancy grade yellow diamonds and drastically lowered their cost.
“The synthetic yellows are 10 percent of the price (of natural diamonds) and they're breathtaking,” says Cuellar.
Considerations: Gemologists distinguish synthetics as “laboratory grown” on grading reports. Because the industry cannot control their production, lab-grown diamonds lack the rarity factor.
“Synthetics offer no secondary market value,” Cuellar says. “It's not going to appreciate. It's going to depreciate.”
Looks good on a budget: simulated diamonds
Also a man-made product, simulated diamonds look the part but have none of the same properties. The most popular of the fakes is cubic zirconia, a crystalline form of zirconium dioxide that first hit the jewelry market in 1976.
Benefits: While cubic zirconia stones come in colors, they are naturally colorless. Vivid whites cost a fraction of similarly sized natural diamonds. They also weigh 1.75 times more, making the equivalent carat stone feel heavier.
The cut and proportions of a cubic zirconia, measured in millimeters, are also more exact, says Cynthia LoPresti, CEO of BodyJewels.com, a manufacturer and online retailer of hand-cut cubic zirconia. To purchase the equivalent of a 1-carat diamond, ask for a 6.5-millimeter cubic zirconia.
Considerations: Cubic zirconia stones last from one to five years and are not scratch-proof like natural diamonds. They can even fracture or shatter. The cheapest of them are machine-cut, says Cuellar, and sell for 35 cents to a few dollars per carat. To get a quality cubic zirconia, ask for a hand-cut stone.
For the concerned shopper, Canadian diamonds
Canadian diamonds are natural diamonds that are mined in Canada, then laser-inscribed and certified as being of Canadian origin.
Benefits: Canadian diamond sellers position their stones as the only conflict-free diamond because you can trace them from mine to purchase. You've probably heard the term “blood diamond” — natural diamonds mined in a conflict zone and used to fund civil wars or at the expense of child labor. In 2000, the diamond-producing countries, backed by the United Nations, created the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme to track rough diamonds to ensure their production does not finance conflict. But the industry is still policing itself, so some experts, including Cuellar, say there's no guarantee the natural diamond you're buying is conflict-free.
Consideration: To further ensure the origins of your Canadian diamond, Cuellar suggests that you demand a money-back guarantee that protects you should you discover it's not the real deal.
Old European cut diamond
What to do with inherited, antique diamonds
Antique diamonds are stones in one of the original cuts of diamonds, known as the old mine, old European, cushion, rose and Asscher cuts. These cuts produce diamonds with extremely high crowns, extra weight and low sparkle.
Benefits: Savvy dealers often shop auctions for antique diamonds looking to score one that will yield a beauty when recut to modern proportions. Antique diamonds are 30 percent to 50 percent less expensive than modern-cut diamonds and cost $150 per carat to recut.
Considerations: Antiques can lose anywhere from 15 percent to 50 percent of their carat weight when recut. If you inherit or purchase an antique stone with flaws, called “inclusions,” those tiny faults can result in cracks or a shattered diamond when recut.
“If you're going to ask a cutter to cut it, he has to be willing to insure it during the cutting process. If you can't get insurance for the cutting, don't buy it,” says Cuellar, who recently recut a customer's 4.5-carat, old mine-cut diamond down to a 1.8-carat modern cut for $600.
Memorial diamonds are forever
Victorians carried locks of loved one's hair. Now you can do the same and wear it as a diamond. LifeGem, a synthetic diamond manufacturer in Elk Grove Village, Ill., uses cremated remains or a simple hank of hair to create “memorial” synthetic diamonds.
Benefits: “These diamonds are ordered and produced for personal, sentimental reasons,” says Dean VandenBiesen, co-founder and vice president of LifeGem. “It solves the dilemma many have of keeping their deceased loved ones close,” he says. Customers can choose the cut, color and carat of their diamond, with prices ranging from $2,500 to $25,000 per piece.
Considerations: Because LifeGem diamonds are created individually from start to finish, the manufacturer doesn't guarantee the clarity of the finished product. As with other lab-grown diamonds, memorial diamonds have no resale value, with the exception of those created using carbon material from celebrities.
A LifeGem diamond created with locks of Beethoven's hair, for instance, sold at auction for $200,000. VandenBiesen says his company is now working on creating a diamond with hair from late pop star Michael Jackson.
A diamond for every budget and style
Whether you plan on buying a modest gem or one that can be seen from across a football field, there's a diamond out there within your means. And keep in mind that diamonds come in all styles, including classic round cut, colored diamonds and antique stones. Finally, be sure to research area jewelers, comparison shop and ask about warranties and discounts when you browse the counters.
