Chris Leslie to ask urgent question in Commons about how chancellor will fund financial settlement of more than £50bn
Labour is to challenge the Treasury with an urgent question in the House of Commons over how the government will account for the Brexit financial settlement.
UK and EU officials appear to have agreed on a formula for calculating Britain's future liabilities to the EU after it leaves, which are expected to amount to more than £50bn over the coming decades and be presented by Theresa May in Brussels next week.
The Speaker, John Bercow, granted the former shadow chancellor Chris Leslie the right to ask an urgent question of Philip Hammond on Wednesday about how he will fund the payments. Liz Truss, the chief secretary to the Treasury, will answer on behalf of the chancellor.
In the budget last week, the Office for Budget Responsibility pencilled in net payments to the EU of £3.5bn a year until 2022-23, saying it did not have sufficient detail to make any other assumption.
No final figure will be mentioned in the agreement, which will cover how the UK's share of future pension liabilities, and EU-backed debts, for example, will be calculated.
Q&A How will the Brexit divorce bill be calculated? Show Hide The Brexit divorce bill is expected to total between £53bn and £58bn (€60bn and €65bn). The calculation is based on the UK's share of the EU's unpaid bills, loans, pension and other liabilities accrued over 44 years of membership, as well as commitments made by the UK to the EU's seven-year budget cycle, ending in 2020. This is estimated as a gross financial settlement of £89bn. The sum is then reduced when payments that would have been made to EU projects in the UK, including structural funds, are taken into account, along with the UK's capital share in the European Investment Bank. The divorce bill will not be paid in a lump sum but over time, and the UK will continue to make some payments until all UK recipients of EU pensions have died.
Boris Johnson, the foreign secretary, appeared to support the fresh concessions on the divorce bill, telling Sky News he hoped it would lead to progress at a key summit of EU leaders next month.
“We're working, as you can imagine, to build on the momentum we've got going forward to the December European council. We're hoping very much that the offer that the prime minister is able to make at that council will be one that guarantees sufficient progress,” he said.
“I think that's what everybody around the table, all the 27 plus us, really want to achieve. Now is the time get this show on the road. Let's get the serious talks under way.”
Asked if this would be a breakthrough moment, Johnson replied: “I hope so.”
Other leading Cabinet Brexiters have signed up to the deal, with the transport secretary, Chris Grayling, saying the government would be “meeting the obligations we've built up, no more or less than that”.
Grayling, one of the ministers who resigned from David Cameron's cabinet to join the Vote Leave campaign, said the sum of more than £50bn apparently agreed on Tuesday was speculation, but the government did not want to “walk away on bad terms”.
“I don't think people in this country would expect us to just walk away from things we've already said we'd pay for,” he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
Grayling said Britain's net contribution to the EU budget was about £10bn a year.
A senior EU official told the Guardian on Tuesday night that the UK appeared ready to honour its share of unpaid bills, loans, pensions and other liabilities that could total between £53bn and £58bn.
“We have heard the UK wants to come along with the money,” the official said. “We have understood it covers the liabilities and what we consider the real commitments. But we have to see the fine print.”
Countdown to the EU summit deadline – Brexit Means … podcast Read more
The key sticking point before the summit, at which EU leaders will decide whether “sufficient progress” has been made on three key issues, is considered by both sides to be the Irish border rather than the financial settlement or citizens' rights.
Grayling said neither side wanted to see a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland but a “sensible” trade deal with the EU would make the issue irrelevant.
“We have already said we absolutely do not want to return to a hard border, we see no reason to do so, we've put forward proposals as to how that can be avoided,” he said.
“But, of course, I hope that we'll end up with a sensible free trade agreement, which means that becomes an irrelevant discussion. I don't see any benefit at all to the United Kingdom or European Union to having barriers to trade.”
It is expected that the European commission will propose a joint statement for member states to scrutinise over the weekend before a series of meetings.
One senior diplomat told the Guardian: “The divorce bill should be fine now. That was the big issue. And then it wasn't. The border is the big worry. And I don't know how they can square that circle. That is the big one now and it is up to the Irish to decide.”
Reports on the extent of the financial settlement drew a muted response from some pro-leave MPs. Bernard Jenkin told the Guardian: “It better be worth it.” Others, such as Iain Duncan Smith and Jacob Rees-Mogg, have urged Theresa May to hold firm before offering too much.
The environment secretary, Michael Gove, one of the cabinet's leading Brexiters, is said to be comfortable with the bill going beyond the earlier reported £40bn sum.
MPs from the remain side pointed to the cost of Brexit, as opposed to the leave campaign's promises that more money would be coming back to the UK.
Responding to reports of the financial settlement, the Liberal Democrat leader, Sir Vince Cable, said: “If these numbers are correct, it means we're paying a heavy price to leave an institution that has benefited the country for decades. The true cost of Brexit is becoming clearer by the day. This underlines why people should have a referendum on the final deal, with the option of an exit from Brexit.”
The Labour MP Chuka Umunna said: “Boris, Gove and other leave campaigners never said there would be a big divorce bill to pay, quite the opposite. This big new fact means the £350m extra per week for the NHS, without which leavers say they would have lost the referendum, simply will not happen.”
The FBI has arrested the San Francisco man they say ran Silk Road, the notorious underground digital bazaar that allowed traffickers to anonymously peddle heroin, cocaine and nearly anything else illegal.
Ross William Ulbricht, 29, who allegedly operated the site as “Dread Pirate Roberts,” was charged in the Southern District of New York with narcotics trafficking conspiracy, computer hacking conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy. A second complaint out of Maryland charges him with conspiring to commit murder, after he allegedly paid hit men to kill an employee of Silk Road and one of the site's vendors.
The brazen site provided an international platform for drug dealers around the world to market a cornucopia of wares, expanding their empires beyond the corner drug stops and back alleys where they normally operated. Buyers and sellers could access the site only through the Tor anonymizing service and conducted transactions in Bitcoin to further conceal their identity.
The identity of Dread Pirate Roberts has been one of the internet's most tantalizing mysteries. The FBI and other agencies evidently solved that puzzle with smart online gumshoe work, focusing on finding the earliest internet forum posts that publicized Silk Road when it launched in 2011. They located two posts made by someone named “altoid.” Subpoenas revealed that “altoid” was Ulbricht.
In July, the FBI identified an overseas hosting company used to host Silk Road, and with the cooperation of local law enforcement they obtained a complete image of the server, giving them access to all the private messages on the site.
The FBI complaint mentions a video of Ulbricht speaking with a friend in San Francisco, with whom he stayed. A video on YouTube (since removed, but embedded below) shows a conversation between two youths identified as Ross Ulbricht and Rene Pinell discussing their reasons for moving to San Francisco, their interest in launching startups to make a lot of money, along with talk about their first loves, favorite ice cream in childhood and their sexual experiences. Ulbricht also discusses his drug use in the conversation.
Hundreds of illicit drugs were available for anyone to purchase on Silk road, from Afghani hash to LSD and ecstasy, though the terms of service did provide some limitations – they prohibited the sale of weapons of mass destruction, the solicitation of murder, or the sale of stolen bank card data or anything else whose purpose was to harm or defraud.
Ulbricht allegedly violated his own rule, however, when earlier this year he allegedly solicited two murders-for-hire of another Silk Road member who was threatening to release the identities of thousands of users of the site and of one employee.
During the two-and-a-half years the site was in operation it was used by several thousand drug dealers to distribute a hundred of kilograms of illegal drugs and other illicit services and goods to more than 100,000 buyers. The site did a brisk business. Between February 2011 and July 2013, it racked up more than 1.2 million transactions, generating sales revenue of more than 9.5 million Bitcoins — allegedly paying about 600,000 Bitcoins in commission to the site. The value of Bitcoins varies daily but the feds calculated this to about $1.2 billion in sales and $80 million in commissions.
According to the complaint, filed in the Southern District of New York, the site also sold hacking tools, such as keystroke loggers, password crackers and remote access and banking Trojans, as well as access to hacked Amazon and Netflix accounts and teaching tools such as a tutorial describing “22 different methods” for hacking ATMs. It also marketed a “Blackmarket Contact List”, which provided handy contact information for hitmen available for hire in more than ten countries, or purveyors of counterfeit bills and firearms.
“The site has sought to make conducting illegal transactions on the internet as easy and frictionless as shopping online at mainstream e-commerce websites,” according to FBI agent Christopher Tarbell, who is quoted in the complaint.
The site naturally was a watering hole for undercover feds who lurked on it since November 2011, buying drugs and hacking tools.
The site operated from a number of servers located in various countries, with Ulbricht allegedly serving as owner and administrator, overseeing a small staff.
His duties included controlling the servers and infrastructure, setting the terms of service, managing the small customer support and administrative staff and dealing with scammers and extortionists, demonstrating a “willingness to use violence” in doing so, according to the feds. Support staff were paid in Bitcoins, amounting to $1,000-$2,000 a week.
At the launch of the site, Ulbricht went by the name Silk Road but later adopted the Dread Pirate Roberts name, from the Princess Bride.
Who is Silk Road? Some call me SR, SR admin or just Silk Road. But isn't that confusing. I am Silk Road the market, the person, the enterprise, everything. But Silk Road has matured and I need an identity separate from the site and the enterprise of which I am now only a part. I need a name.
Among the services he operated was a special feature for “superstar vendors” who were at greater risk of being targeted by the feds. The Stealth Mode service meant vendors would not be displayed in a visible listing but would only be accessibly by users who already knew the specific URL for the vendor's page on the Silk Road site.
In March of this year, a Silk Road vendor known as FriendlyChemist began sending threats to Dread Pirate via private messages stating that he had a long list containing the real names and addresses of Silk Road vendors and customers that he had obtained by hacking the computer of another Silk Road vendor. He threatened to publish the data online unless he received $500,000. FriendlyChemist claimed he needed the money to pay off his drug suppliers.
As proof, he supplied a sample list of usernames and addresses as well as the username and password of the vendor whose computer he allegedly hacked.
Dread Pirate Roberts told FriendlyChemist to have his suppliers contact him directly and when one did, Dread Pirate proceeded to sweet talk him into supplying to Silk Road directly, rather than going through FriendlyChemist. He allegedly wrote the supplier that FriendlyChemist was a liability “and I wouldn't mind if he was executed.”
Dread Pirate then disclosed a name and address in Canada for the supplier, stating he had a wife and three kids, adding “Let me know if it would be helpful to have his full address.”
When Friendly Chemist pressured him to pay up, Dread Pirate Roberts contacted the supplier saying “I would like to put a bounty on his head if it's not too much trouble for you. What would be an adequate amount to motivate you to find him? Necessities like this do happen from time to time for a person in my position.”
Dread Pirate Roberts said the hit “doesn't have to be clean” and the supplier later quoted him a price of $150,000 – $300,000, depending on whether the execution was clean or dirty. Dread Pirate Roberts tried to negotiate down the price saying he had previously paid only $80,000 for a clean hit. “Are the prices you quoted the best you can do?,” he asked.
They agreed on $150,000 for the alleged hit, and the supplier later sent a photo of the victim. In the photo was a sheet of paper next the victim with random numbers that Dread Pirate had provided.
According to the feds, however, Canadian authorities indicated that no such murder matching the description had occurred.
Ulbricht was arraigned in federal court in San Francisco this morning, and will be held in custody pending a bail hearing on Friday, the Justice Department says.
Dr. Delos Cosgrove, chief executive officer and president of the Cleveland Clinic Health System, speaks during the Cleveland Clinic's 2010 Medical Innovation Summit in Cleveland, Ohio, on Nov. 1, 2010. (David Maxwell/Bloomberg)
The White House has approached the Cleveland Clinic's chief executive, Delos “Toby” Cosgrove, a doctor and Vietnam War veteran, about heading the Department of Veterans Affairs, according to an individual familiar with the discussions.
No final decision has been made, according to this individual, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the White House has yet to formally nominate Cosgrove.
After coming under criticism for weeks over VA's inability to meet the health needs of veterans — some of whom had to endure long waits for appointments — and alleged efforts by lower-level employees to cover up the problems, VA Secretary Eric K. Shinseki resigned Friday. The agency is being run by his deputy, acting secretary Sloan Gibson.
White House officials declined to comment Tuesday evening.
Eileen Sheil, a spokeswoman for the clinic, would neither confirm nor deny that the administration had asked Cosgrove, nor discuss whether he would accept the job.
The Cleveland Clinic ranks as one of the country's most renowned medical centers and has won plaudits for the quality of its services and its responsiveness to patients' needs. The clinic, which Cosgrove has headed since 2004, has a policy of offering same-day appointments to anyone who calls.
Bob Kocher, a former White House adviser on health policy who now does venture capital health-care investments, wrote in an e-mail that if the administration brought on Cosgrove, “they would be recruiting one of the most successful physician leaders and health system operators to come and turn around the VA. Toby only knows how to do health care at a very high level of quality and will not sleep until he instills a similar ethos into the culture at the VA.”
One of the Cleveland Clinic's doctors, Michael Roizen, wrote an online piece in U.S. News and World Report two weeks ago suggesting Cosgrove was uniquely positioned to help address VA's current crisis. While he is blamed Congress for helping fuel VA's predicament by failing to budget enough funds, he said smart management could also help right the agency.
“Still, I do know how to solve the problem,” he wrote. “Just get Toby Cosgrove to lead the VA. (And those of us at the Cleveland Clinic hope he doesn't accept.)”
Obama visited the Cleveland Clinic in 2009, when he was working with Democrats to pass the Affordable Care Act, and he identified it as a model for the nation's health-care system. Cosgrove, a heart surgeon, also visited the White House a few years ago to discuss the law with the president as part of a small group of health-care industry officials. He also went to the White House last July as part of a session organized by the Business Roundtable.
News of the talks with Cosgrove was first reported by the Wall Street Journal.
Cosgrove served as a surgeon in the Air Force in Da Nang, Vietnam. He was awarded the Bronze Star and the Republic of Vietnam Commendation Medal.
Cosgrove has consulted with top Obama administration officials about the Affordable Care Act, and he has also publicly discussed some of the law's downsides. In late March he said in a Fox News interview that “about three quarters” of consumers who sign up under the law “find that their premiums are higher than they had been previously with other insurance.”
He also announced last fall the Cleveland Clinic would cut $330 million, a little more than 5 percent of its annual budget, and reduce jobs in anticipation of the law's impact in 2014.
Lena Sun contributed to this report.
In light of the above examples and the Court's generally odious history, and if one must engage in fruitless speculation, I suppose one might adopt this rule of thumb: with the subject and questions of the particular case in mind, what is the worst way the Supreme Court can fuck you? Answer that, and you should at least be in the right ballpark.
You will do exactly as we tell you in every area of your life. You will work as and when we allow you to work, you will spend what little money we allow you to keep as and when we tell you to spend it, you will say what we tell you to say -- and if you disagree with us about any of this, you will indicate your disagreement as and when we allow you to. In brief: you will follow orders. Please don't be tiresome and petulant, telling us this isn't what you want. We've been systematically approaching this end for well over a century. You can hardly claim this is surprising, not if you wish to avoid ridicule. And you might have stopped these developments much earlier -- if you'd wanted to. You didn't want to.
Aw, you're upset. What are ya gonna do? Not vote? Not pay taxes? Not buy health insurance? Hahahahaha. A few Americans have responded that way in the past when the State acted in ways they viewed as deeply evil. One of your great heroes did. But you don't want to do that, do you? Of course you don't. Inconvenient. Might cause trouble. Oh, a few of you respond that way today, but not enough to make a difference. And we know who you are. If we allow you to get away with it, that's only because you amuse us. And when a few of you object in ways that might actually matter and we let you get away with it (at least temporarily), it allows the rest of you to continue to believe you're "free." We love that shit.
So understand this: The Constitution created a government of, by and for the most wealthy and powerful Americans -- and it made certain (insofar as men can make such things certain) that their rule would never be seriously threatened. The most wealthy and powerful Americans were the ones who wrote it, after all. We emphasize: that is what the Constitution itself accomplished. And you say you're surprised by subsequent events? You're making this much too easy. You could at least make it more interesting for us.
Yes, it's all about us. We talk about how much we care about "ordinary" Americans, and constantly proclaim that everything we do is for their benefit -- and some of you actually believe that crap. Christ, you're funny, in a sickeningly pathetic kind of way.
So you'll do exactly what we tell you to do, with regard to everything that matters to us. We're giving you exactly what many of you said you wanted. So shut up and stop being annoying about it.
Oh, there is one more thing. It's a little thing, and almost none of you seem to have even noticed it. Even after you do everything we tell you to do in every area that we care about, there is something else we still might do. We might do it because we're in a rotten mood, or because we're bored, or because we just feel like it. We won't announce our decision, or tell you anything about how we made the decision. What? You think you have a "right" to know such things? God, you are so funny.
So one day, when you're going to the job we allow you to keep, or buying something we tell you to buy, or minding your own business in the home we permit you to live in, we might decide to give the order. Maybe just because we feel like it, or because you pissed off the friend of our sister's husband's father. For some reason, or for no reason at all, we'll decide to give the order.
And you'll be murdered.
There now. Is it all finally clear to you? Now do what we tell you, follow orders -- and shut the fuck up.
A few days ago, I suggested a general rule for predicting Supreme Court decisions In this case, the worst way the Supreme Court can fuck each and every one of us is to find the individual mandate constitutional -- which is precisely what the Court did Since I long ago dubbed the healthbill The Fuck You Act , it all fits together very neatly.For the moment, I'll leave the lengthy exercises in sadomasochism, otherwise known as legal analysis, to others. For those of us favored by Providence to live in the freest, noblest, bestest ever country in this best of all possible worlds, here is how things stand. The following summary rests on a charmingly out of date notion -- namely, that once a principle has been established, the rest is only a matter of time and degree. And this principle was not proclaimed for the first time today, although today's decision states the principle in stark terms which cannot be avoided or minimized.The State has announced:UPDATE: More about today's decision, here
The day a radio station in the Andaman and Nicobar islands made an announcement that Vaseem Iqbal, a local boy, had become Dr Vaseem Iqbal, his maternal aunt was among the first people to call and congratulate him. There was concern in her voice when she asked: “Will you not come back to the village to treat unwell villagers now?”
Iqbal had to explain to her that he was not a medical doctor.
“It took me quite some time to convince her that I was not a doctor who treats humans but that I specialised in treating diseased wells and groundwater resources,” said Iqbal. “We had a brief chat following the explanation and by the time she hung up, she was more confused than convinced.”
The 29-year-old, who belongs to the Nicobarese tribe, is the first tribal person from the Andaman and Nicobar islands to have completed a PhD.
In his thesis, Seawater Intrusion Along East and West Coasts of South Andaman Islands, submitted in September 2015 to the Department of Disaster Management at Port Blair, he suggested several ways to tackle the problem of seawater intrusion in the islands using geophysical and geochemical techniques. The department is affiliated to the Pondicherry Central University.
Though Iqbal was awarded his doctorate last October, it took district authorities a few months to scan through university records and arrive at the conclusion that he was indeed the first tribal person from the Bay of Bengal archipelago to earn a doctorate. They made the announcement in December.
Local star
The Union Territory of the Andaman and Nicobar islands is inhabited by tribes of both Negrito and Mongoloid origins. While the Andaman islands are home to four Negrito tribes, the Nicobar islands are inhabited by two Mongloid tribes, who are believed to have come from the Malay-Burma coast several centuries ago.
Iqbal comes from a village named Kinyuka in the Car Nicobar region, which has a total population of around 30,000. His father was a Christian who converted to Islam.
While the two major districts South Andaman and North and Middle Andaman are dominated by Hindus, the third, Nicobar, is dominated by Christians. According to the 2011 Census, Muslims comprise 3.63% of the total population in Nicobar, and 8.52% in all three districts of the Union Territory.
Iqbal, who is employed as a researcher at the Central Agriculture Research Institute in Port Blair, has been busy attending felicitation programmes organised by various tribal bodies and district authorities over the past few months.
“My village has produced several doctors and engineers but I am the first person to have completed a PhD,” he said. “When I went home earlier this year, I was surprised to see hundreds of locals gathered to receive me. It looked like a festival.”
Tsunami compensation
Getting here was not easy.
Iqbal and his two older sisters lost their parents within hours of each other on the intervening night of December 31, 2007 and January 1, 2008. However, he managed to complete his education with the help of compensation the family had been given by the government after the 2004 tsunami that ravaged the Indian Ocean region, including the Andaman and Nicobar islands.
The topography of Kinyuka – which lies at an elevation despite being near the coast – saved its residents from the casualties and damage seen elsewhere in the archipelago during the tsunami. “Our farms were damaged but there were no casualties reported in the village,” said Iqbal.
Three years later, when his parents died, it was the compensation that bailed the family out. “It acted as my major support for schooling at Car Nicobar,” he said.
The geography error
After he completed his schooling, Iqbal was confused about what subject to pick next. He says he made a mistake while choosing to study geography for his undergraduate programme at the Jawaharlal Nehru Rajkeeya Mahavidyalaya in Port Blair.
The BSc in geography was simply not what he expected it to be. Iqbal attributes the choice of subject to the National Geographic channel.
Explaining how that happened, Iqbal said that since he had a keen interest in wildlife thanks to the programmes he watched on National Geographic, he assumed that if he picked geography, he would get to do the kinds of things he saw on that channel.
Said Iqbal: “As a tribal villager in Nicobar, one does not have much exposure to evaluate the differences between what one can see in a popular channel that has geography in its very name, and the subjects one would actually have to deal with to pursue graduation in the discipline.”
However, in the final year of his undergraduate programme, Iqbal finally found a subject that deeply interested him. The subject was marine biology.
“When it came to applying for a postgraduate degree, my professors insisted that I should take up Coastal Disaster Management under the Department of Ocean Studies and Marine Biology,” he said. “I stood second in the entrance [test].”
Post-graduation onwards he did not falter in his choice of subjects. “I found the right mentors who help me focus on certain areas and encouraged me to pursue further studies.”
Water doctor
As an undergraduate student in Port Blair, Iqbal survived on merit-based scholarships. He had a budget of Rs 3,000 a month, which meant that he could not visit home frequently.
“Heading home would mean a 24-hour waterway journey from Port Blair,” he said. “A shorter alternative would be by helicopter, which charges around Rs 2,400 these days, and charged around Rs 1,300 during my college days. This was absolutely impossible for me considering the tight budget I had to manage with.”
But things improved when he became a research scholar. “By the time I was a PhD scholar, I managed to make nearly Rs 30,000 a month through several scholarships,” said Iqbal.
Today, Iqbal is quite a popular face in Nicobar, and people often approach him during the field visits he makes on the islands.
“The last time I went for a field visit to some villages in Nicobar, the locals surrounded me and they just wanted to talk to me about their contaminated wells,” said Iqbal. “I suggested that they should not overpump water.”
Corrections and clarifications: An earlier version of this article erroneously stated that Vaseem Iqbal's thesis was submitted to the Department of Ocean Studies and Marine Biology. The error has been corrected.
Sup y'all? =) President Hoodie here with some absolutely delightful news to share with the chiprealm! To be frank, it's time for us to do another holiday compilation. To be specific…
chipWINter Wonderland
16 brand new chipWINter tracks by 17 talented different artists, each taking a spin at the universal, yet subjective theme(s) of this fantastic holiday season!
Mastering services by the ever talented Stemage, with Kubbi doing his usual masterful duties on the track ordering!
Releasing Thursday, December 18th via a Nerd Rock Radio listening party only on 8bitx.com! IRC channel for the party will, of course, be #ChipWINChat.
All I can really say about this one is expected to be spellbound by each and every track!
♥ ^_^ ♥
Merry chipWINter & Much \m|♥|m/,
President Hoodie
Founder & Project Manager of Chiptunes = WIN
Dig this article? Then consider supporting us on Patreon!
Chrome/Web: Learning another language can be difficult if you don't immerse yourself in it every day. Mainichi is a Chrome new tab replacement and webapp that teaches you (and reminds you of) everyday Japanese words.
Both the Mainichi Chrome extension and webapp are very visual services. For each Japanese word or set of words, Mainichi displays the English phonetic pronunciation, the corresponding English word, and an illustration of the word. There are only dozens of definitions on the website, but the Mainichi Chrome extension offers many more definitions.
Advertisement
If you're looking to pick up other languages, try Duolingo and Memrise. We've previously also looked at other beautiful Chrome tab replacements, like Momentum and Currently.
Five Best Language Learning Tools Learning a new language is difficult, which is why there's a huge market for tools and apps to … Read more Read
Mainichi.me
Mainichi (Free) | Chrome App Store
User Info: NEOhawk-Curse NEOhawk-Curse 2 years ago #1 PSN: Curse_of_Eden
Alt: Dj***** So dumb.
User Info: peterswe86 peterswe86 2 years ago #2 PSN: Combine1124
If I plant you in the ground, will you grow taller? you can HARDLY move so it doesn't really make a difference
User Info: LordOfLegacies LordOfLegacies 2 years ago #3 I CANT HAVE GLUTEN I LIKED THE BOOK BETTER I CANT HAVE GLUTEN I LIKED THE BOOK BETTER I CANT HAVE GLUTEN I LIKED THE BOOK BETTER I CANT HAVE GLUTEN I LIKED THE Completely immobilizing you while drinking something would be more dumb.
User Info: NEOhawk-Curse NEOhawk-Curse (Topic Creator) 2 years ago #4 peterswe86 posted...
you can HARDLY move so it doesn't really make a difference
Makes all the difference actually. PSN: Curse_of_Eden
Alt: Dj***** Makes all the difference actually.
User Info: NEOhawk-Curse NEOhawk-Curse (Topic Creator) 2 years ago #5 LordOfLegacies posted...
Completely immobilizing you while drinking something would be more dumb.
Oh yeah like how it was in both of the other games. Super dumb Dark Souls 1. PSN: Curse_of_Eden
Alt: Dj***** Oh yeah like how it was in both of the other games. Super dumb Dark Souls 1.
User Info: LordOfLegacies LordOfLegacies 2 years ago #6 I CANT HAVE GLUTEN I LIKED THE BOOK BETTER I CANT HAVE GLUTEN I LIKED THE BOOK BETTER I CANT HAVE GLUTEN I LIKED THE BOOK BETTER I CANT HAVE GLUTEN I LIKED It was dumb.
User Info: TyeDye115 TyeDye115 2 years ago #7 PSN: LordoftheSt0rm77 Someone had trouble killing a chugger
User Info: SamSamuel37 SamSamuel37 2 years ago #8 Curse the fiends, their children too. And their children, forever true. In pve? what are you, a latent sadist?
User Info: NEOhawk-Curse NEOhawk-Curse (Topic Creator) 2 years ago #9
I have literally been able to heal-walk away from things when by all rights I should have been punished, dodging arrows, spells, by moving 2 mph. If that's not dumb I don't know what is.
If you couldn't heal-walk then heals would be pretty punishable, but as long as you do the ol' double roll away, chug and keep backing peddling, you're pretty safe, unless your attacker is ultra aggressive/has a lot of stamina. PSN: Curse_of_Eden
Alt: Dj***** Why?I have literally been able to heal-walk away from things when by all rights I should have been punished, dodging arrows, spells, by moving 2 mph. If that's not dumb I don't know what is.If you couldn't heal-walk then heals would be pretty punishable, but as long as you do the ol' double roll away, chug and keep backing peddling, you're pretty safe, unless your attacker is ultra aggressive/has a lot of stamina.
The Alan Turing Year, 2012, marked the celebration of the life and scientific influence of Alan Turing during the centenary of his birth on 23 June 1912. Turing had an important influence on computing, computer science, artificial intelligence, developmental biology, and the mathematical theory of computability and made important contributions to code-breaking during the Second World War. The Alan Turing Centenary Advisory committee (TCAC) was originally set up by Professor Barry Cooper[1]
The international impact of Turing's work is reflected in the list of countries in which Alan Turing Year was celebrated, including: Bolivia, Brazil, Canada, China, Czech Republic, France, Germany, India, Israel, Italy, Netherlands, Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, Philippines, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, U.K. and the U.S.A. 41+ countries were involved.
Events [ edit ]
A number of major events took place throughout the year. Some of these were linked to places with special significance in Turing's life, such as Cambridge University, the University of Manchester, Bletchley Park, Princeton University. The ACM was involved from June to September 2012. Twelve museums were involved including in Germany and Brazil. Artists, musicians and poets took part in the celebrations internationally.
Events included the 2012 Computability in Europe conference, as well as Turing Centenary activities organized or sponsored by the British Computer Society, the Association for Symbolic Logic, British Colloquium for Theoretical Computer Science, the British Society for the History of Mathematics, the Association for Computing Machinery, British Logic Colloquium, Society for the Study of Artificial Intelligence and the Simulation of Behaviour, the Computer Conservation Society, the Computer Society of India, the Bletchley Park Trust, the European Association for Computer Science Logic, the European Association for Theoretical Computer Science, International Association for Computing and Philosophy, the Department of Philosophy at De La Salle University-Manila, the John Templeton Foundation, the Kurt Gödel Society, the IEEE Symposium on Logic in Computer Science, the Science Museum, and Turing100in2012.[2] The Alan Turing Centenary Conference was held at the University of Manchester during June 2012.
Alan Turing Year is known on Twitter as Alan Turing Years. @alanturingyear.
Organisers [ edit ]
The Turing Year was coordinated by the Turing Centenary Advisory Committee (TCAC), representing a range of expertise and organisational involvement in the 2012 celebrations. Members of TCAC include Honorary President, Sir John Dermot Turing; The Chair and founder of the committee, mathematician and author of Alan Turing - His Work and Impact S. Barry Cooper; Turing's biographer Andrew Hodges;[3] Wendy Hall, first person from outside North America elected President of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) in July 2008; Simon Singh;[4] Hugh Loebner sponsor of the Loebner Prize for Artificial Intelligence (annual science contest based on the famous Turing test) cyberneticist Kevin Warwick, author of 'March of the Machines' and 'I, Cyborg', and committee member Daniela Derbyshire, who is also handling international co-ordination of marketing and publicity.
UK publicity [ edit ]
Examples include:
The Royal Mail issued a UK commemorative stamp for the Turing Centenary.
The Imitation Game: how Benedict Cumberbatch brought Turing to life The Guardian, Tuesday 7 October 2014
De-coding the Turing family Professor Barry Cooper The Guardian, Tue 17 April 2012
Alan Turing: Centenary accolades keep coming - Yahoo News 3 April 2013
Alan Turing Year - the Establishment still doesn't get it Barry Cooper The Guardian, Tue 22 January 2013
Alan Turing and the bullying of Britain's geeks S Barry Cooper The Guardian, Wed 20 June 2012
Playing Monopoly with Alan Turing S Barry Cooper The Guardian, Mon 24 September 2012
Alan Turing: "I am building a brain." Half a century later, its successor beat Kasparov S Barry Cooper The Guardian, Mon 14 May 2012
Google doodle becomes an enigma in honour of Alan Turing The Daily Telegraph, Sat 23 June 2012
Tribute to computing's forefather BBC News, Sat 27 October 2012
The other Turing test: Codebreaker's beloved Monopoly pays him the ultimate compliment The Independent, Sat 8 September 2012
GCHQ Director Iain Lobban pays tribute to Alan Turing Centenary - Oddballs Wanted piece in Daily Mail 5 October 2012
Sunflower maths theory is tested BBC News
How did the leopard get its spots? Codebreaker Alan Turing was right all along The Daily Telegraph
The Queen hails 'genius' of Alan Turing on visit to WWII codebreaking HQ at Bletchley Park menmedia.co.uk, Fri 15 July 2011
Barry Cooper was interviewed on BBC 3 Counties Radio and Sky News in relation to the pardon of Alan Turing on December 24, 2013.
References [ edit ]
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The rugby final between Israel and Australia was the last Maccabiah event,and took place on Monday evening.
About 2,500 spectators watched the game at the rugby stadium at the Wingate Institute. A big part of the crowd was wearing yellow, as half of the Australian delegation attended the game.
Israeli fans came to support the local team and the game was conducted in a good atmosphere as the crowd got the chance to see a great game and an historic Israeli win in the rugby tournament.In the first quarter, the teams were checking and feeling each other. But the game took a different direction as Ori Abutbul scored a penalty kick that gave Israel a 3-0 lead.Eight minutes later, Australia was given the chance to tie the score with a penalty kick, but the kick was too short to the left.Abutbul almost doubled the Israeli lead with his own penalty kick, but he missed.Thirty-three minutes into the game the Australian defense enabled Daniel Palma to score a try (five points) and add two more points in a kick, As the first half ended, Israel was leading 10-0.In the end of the third quarter, Australia could have scored another penalty kick, but missed again and the score remained 10-0 with 20 minutes left for the game.In the fourth quarter, Israel was given another penalty kick. Abutbul was accurate and the lead of the blue-white team grew to 13-0, which was the final score of the game.It was the first time ever that Israel won the gold medal in the rugby tournament.Australia, which won the gold at the 18th Maccabiah, gave a fight and played a persistent game, but it wasn't enough against the Israeli players, who were very determined to win.Misha Eli won the MVP title.Yonatan Kaplan ,32, the Israeli captain, was excited about the Israeli triumph.“This is an unusual experience, our team always surprises me with new amazing accomplishment.”Kaplan is proud of the determination and the strong character showed by his teammates. He said the quality level of the current games was high.“We progressed a lot and gave a good show. I hope in the next games more teams will come because it's an extraordinary event.”He added “I want to thank the fans who came and cheered. We got support from the local fans and family, and this is not something obvious.”Keith Friedlander ,27, the Australian captain, is here in his second Maccabiah. He came to give it all and defend the title of the 18th Maccabiah rugby champions. Although he failed in his mission, he was still very proud to participate in the games and being in Israel.“I love visiting Israel every time and it's always great to meet Jewish brothers on the pitch and outside. I congratulate Israel, the game had good atmosphere and they were a fine competitor.”Friedlander summarized his Maccabiah experience by saying that like the rest of the Australian delegation, and probably all the athletes who participated, he can't wait for the 20th Maccabiah in 2017.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
The Students' Society of McGill University (SSMU) Legislative Council convened on Oct. 19 amid debate over a lack of transparency, questions about breaches of confidentiality, and allegations of underhanded politics. Structural projects such as the building closure, the libraries improvement project, and the proposed bike facility were discussed, but the most divisive and lengthy topics addressed were the statement expressing no confidence in SSMU President Muna Tojiboeva, and the motion calling for a student vote on whether SSMU should affiliate with the Association for the Voice of Education in Quebec (AVEQ) at the upcoming Fall 2017 referendum.
SSMU Executive board announces position of no confidence in President
During the announcement period, SSMU Vice-President (VP) Student Life Jemark Earle read a statement on behalf of himself and VP Finance Arisha Khan, VP Internal Affairs Maya Koparkar, VP University Affairs Isabelle Oke, and VP External Affairs Connor Spencer describing what they perceived as Tojiboeva's lack of transparency. While stating their position of no confidence, they recommended that Tojiboeva step down as SSMU's official spokesperson.
“There has been a serious issue regarding a lack of transparency and communication on the part of the President, which is particularly troubling when decisions being made concern some or all of the executives,” Earle said. “It is for this reason that we wish at this time to state our position of non-confidence in the president and her ability to fulfill her mandate.”
Earle explained that the executives were acting on behalf of the student body in announcing their no confidence position, and reiterated student criticisms of Tojiboeva.
“It has also come to our attention that there are student-led campaigns revolving around the idea of a constitutional reform,” Earle said. “We understand that the current structure that we have has many flaws and many of the proposals put forth in these campaigns are justified.”
Tojiboeva refuted the Executives' position, citing flaws in its constitutionality, misinformation about the alleged lack of transparency, and workplace hostility she's faced. She alleged a lack of professionalism and animosity toward her within the Executive Committee.
“I was repeatedly bullied for being different, and having different political opinions from the executives,” Tojiboeva said. “I was not only body-shamed, but also my qualifications were called into question only because my opinions did not match those of the executives.”
Further calling into question the motivations of the rest of the executives, Tojiboeva addressed her intentions as a spokesperson.
“Every single time I met with members of the media, I was [later] met with comments from the executives that I did not represent their viewpoints,” Tojiboeva said. “I would like to point this out as a problem. I am not here to represent the viewpoint of the executives. I am here to represent all of the members of the undergraduates at McGill.”
Debate regarding the criticisms of Tojiboeva heavily dominated the question period, with many members of the gallery present at the meeting defending Tojiboeva. Andrew Figueiredo, U2 Arts, expressed his distaste for the actions of the executive council.
“Our president was democratically elected by, we, the students, […] now this executive body is trying to unilaterally override and undermine our democracy,” Figueiredo said. “I'm sick and tired of SSMU being unaccountable and we finally voted for change, yet the VPs are trying to undermine that.”
Many questioned the democraticness of the statement and attested to Tojiboeva's qualifications, prompting the executives to clarify that their primary intent was to bring their position of no confidence in Tojiboeva to the Council, not to unilaterally remove her as President. Spencer readdressed the executives' statement, concluding the question period.
“[The five executives] didn't mobilize [because of] political differences, that was something that was mobilized by the President,” Spencer said, “[It's] not the constitutionality of actions, but the ethics of actions, that was something that was concerning to the executives and why we've been working towards this for so long and why it's finally come to this channel.”
Council postponed voting on whether to join AVEQ—a provincial federation of student unions that lobbies for student interests at the municipal, provincial, and federal level—should be asked in the Fall Referendum until there are further faculty consultations. Tabling the motion has effectively excluded the question of AVEQ affiliation from the upcoming referendum, with the Oct. 25 deadline for submitting referenda falling before the next SSMU Council meeting on Nov. 2. Tabling the motion has effectively excluded the question of AVEQ affiliation from the Fall Referendum, with the Oct. 25 deadline for submitting referenda falling before the next SSMU Council meeting on Nov. 2.
Spencer first introduced the motion at Council's Oct. 12 meeting, but due to intense debate and councillor complaints about insufficient knowledge of AVEQ, Council agreed to postpone voting on it. Additionally, Tojiboeva argued that further consultations with faculty associations are necessary before Council is ready to put AVEQ affiliation to a referendum.
“I think it would be useful to bring back this question to be discussed at the faculty level, and then bring it back again for us to actually put [AVEQ or Union Étudiant du Québec (UÉQ)] on ballot,” Tojiboeva said.
In order to gather and report more information to Council about AVEQ and UÉQ, Athletics Representative Yué Jiao suggested creating an ad-hoc committee to observe both student federations. A Councillor will introduce the motion to create such a committee at the next Council meeting on Nov. 2.
Engineering Senator Tre Mansdoerfer also presented a report titled ‘Summary of Experiences Observing the Quebec Student Union (QSU) and Association For The Voice For Education in Quebec (AVEQ) Over The 2016-2017 Term, to Date.' The report describes the 2016-2017 Post-Graduate Students' Society (PGSS) External Affairs Officer Jacob Lavigne's experiences as an observer at the assemblies of both AVEQ and the QSU, the predecessor of UÉQ. In the report, Lavigne detailed his criticisms of AVEQ.
“AVEQ's plans were bare and only consisted of a rubric with a timetable showing when they would be working on each item,” Lavigne wrote. “While my objective at the start of my term was to have a referendum for an affiliation to a federation during my term as [external affairs officer], I have realized over the past few months that this was not favourable.”
Lavigne recommended that the PGSS only pursue membership in the QSU in the 2017-18 year. However, PGSS has remained independent from both student federations since Fall 2017.
Spencer, who was mandated to sit as an observer of AVEQ by the 2016-2017 SSMU Legislative Council, described her experiences as an observer as positive overall.
“Since the beginning of my mandate, I have worked very closely with AVEQ,” Spencer said. “They really have done a great job [of] constantly checking in […] through my office [about] the priorities we are working on, and how [SSMU can] make sure they are addressed while also navigating [AVEQ].”
Anderson Cooper is gay. The news has been met with knowing eye-rolls, giddy high-fives, and a general consensus in the Twittersphere that it doesn't matter: Cooper is a good journalist, a good guy, let's move on.
But let's not move on too fast. It was brave what Anderson Cooper did. Like it or not, he will now be somehow re-branded in America's mind as 'Gay Anderson Cooper.' As Jennifer Vanasco wrote: "He may lose viewers whose prejudice will not allow them to see Anderson Cooper, reporter, only Anderson Cooper, gay."
It seems pretty likely that Cooper will be able to transcend the bias and prejudice. His waiting this long to come out probably will help him. He has built up enough cred as Anderson Cooper, that he will probably do just fine as Gay Anderson Cooper. But let's not pretend like what he did wasn't hard, or that it wasn't brave, because coming out is always hard and brave.
But there is something else that is worth considering before we move on.
Mr. Cooper did something really important in his coming out email to Andrew Sullivan. After eloquently explaining his decision not to come out before now (wanting a private life) and what prompted him to come out now (not wanting his desire for a private life to seem like it was something he was ashamed of), Anderson Cooper used some very strong language towards the end of his email about his sexuality -- he used God talk.
In my opinion, the ability to love another person is one of God's greatest gifts, and I thank God every day for enabling me to give and share love with the people in my life.
Cooper's email was sent to Andrew Sullivan, who is known to be a practicing Christian and a passionate and articulate writer about the intersection of religion and LGBT issues. Cooper specifically used religious language with Mr. Sullivan, knowing that Sullivan would not have merely bleeped over, or considered pro-forma, the talk of God and thanksgiving, he would have taken it to mean something -- which it did.
Anderson Cooper thanked God for his ability to love another person of the same gender, and thanks God every day for the love he has in his life. In his easy manner, Mr. Cooper is saying his sexuality is a divine gift, and that he is thankful to God that he was so wonderfully made.
That is some beautiful and powerful stuff.
And it also goes to the heart of the fight for full rights for the LGBT community.
Religion remains the central battleground for gay rights and most of the anti-gay rhetoric relies on the argument that being gay is 'un-natural' and goes against God's design. It is an insidious line of attack that makes people, especially young people, to distrust and despise their own experience of desire and love.
Anderson rejects that idea with his two easy sentences -- his ability to love the way he loves was given to him by God and he thanks God every day for it.
Take that.
Those of us who are within religious communities fighting for the full dignity and rights of LGBT people within our traditions should be celebrating this day. Not because Anderson Cooper has come out as gay, but because he has testified to all of us that our ability to love is an expression of the Divine that lives within all of us no matter who we are.
Thank God.
*********************************
See Inspiring LGBT Religious Leaders
Arianna Huffington: Al Franken no more groped me than I strangled him
CLOSE 36 women who worked with Al Franken on Saturday Night Live stepped forward to lend him support Time
Huffington Post co-founder Arianna Huffington said that a New York Post report about a photo shoot in which Al Franken touched her breasts and buttocks "trivializes sexual harassment."
Huffington tweeted a photo of herself pretending to throttle Franken during the same "scandalous" 2000 photo shoot. "I hope the statute of limitations has expired!" she quipped.
More: Arianna Huffington denies 'Post' report about photo shoot with Franken
Related: Here are some of the times Al Franken made off-color jokes over the years
Just got more photos from the same “scandalous” photo shoot. Here instead of Al Franken “groping” me, I'm “strangling” him. I hope the statute of limitations has expired! #lockmeuppic.twitter.com/6mjlYbhdvW — Arianna Huffington (@ariannahuff) November 21, 2017
"The NYPost story about Al Franken groping me in a comedy sketch photo trivializes sexual harassment because he was no more 'groping' me than I was 'strangling' him in the photo I just tweeted," she said in a follow-up post.
The NYPost story about Al Franken groping me in a comedy sketch photo trivializes sexual harassment because he was no more "groping" me than I was "strangling" him in the photo I just tweeted — Arianna Huffington (@ariannahuff) November 22, 2017
The Post article cited an unnamed source who said Franken was "groping" Huffington in the photos. The source also told the Post that she asked Franken to stop and pushed his hand away.
Huffington told the paper that the photos were for "comedic effect" and that they referenced a sketch called Strange Bedfellows Huffington used to perform with Franken, a former comedian, on Bill Maher's Politically Incorrect.
"I think I'm a better judge of how I felt in that satirical photo shoot with Al Franken than the recollections of an anonymous bystander," Huffington said in a tweet earlier Tuesday. "I thought the point of this moment was to believe women's accounts of their own experiences."
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2iFvPOP
The Trump administration will end the Obama-era policy known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). Effective tomorrow, no new applications will be accepted. Two small caveats offer rays of hope to some DACA recipients (Dreamers): (1) any Dreamers whose permits are set to expire before March 5, 2018 will be allowed to apply for a two-year renewal; (2) Congress could decide to protect the program within the six-month timeframe set by the White House.
Anticipating the termination of DACA, multiple Democratic politicians and immigrants' rights organizations have hinted at or promised litigation in order to protect Dreamers generally and DACA in particular including New York Governor Andrew Cuomo. But those lawsuits are likely to fail due to the nature of DACA itself. The program was originally outlined by President Barack Obama via an executive action which is now being undone by another executive action. The basis for which any pro-DACA party might sue upon is thin and any attempts to clear legal hurdles are likely to be bogged down in procedural minutiae.
What follows is an analysis explaining why any of these anticipated lawsuits are little more than doomed PR attempts–and poor vehicles to protect the rights of young undocumented immigrants.
DACA, Briefly
DACA was enacted via a memo sent by then-Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, Janet Napolitano to three other agency heads on June 15, 2012. The original memo is available here. To clarify, DACA was never the result of an executive order. Rather, it was a re-shuffling of immigration enforcement priorities classified as a memorandum which outlined the exercise of DHS' prosecutorial discretion.
In other words, DACA was simply an understanding between the federal government and a small class of undocumented immigrants (who met certain qualifications) that they were at the bottom of the list of people to be deported.
That understanding also came with a two-year promise in the form of a permit which allowed Dreamers to more easily access certain benefits–like work authorization and drivers licenses–but did not actually confer any “substantive right, immigration status or pathway to citizenship.” All told, DACA has prevented the deportation of roughly 790,000 undocumented immigrants who came to the United States as children.
This program was never challenged in the courts, but ten Republican-controlled states promised to issue such a legal challenge if Trump did not make good on his campaign promise to end DACA. Today's phasing out of the program is Trump delivering on that promise–and the states have already begun to drop their legal threats. As mentioned above, however, Democratic-controlled states and immigrants rights organizations will soon file lawsuits of their own, but those lawsuits will likely fail.
Legal Hurdles
While there was no direct legal challenge to DACA itself, in 2014, a lawsuit filed by 25 Republican-controlled states killed a planned expansion of DACA and a program for parents of Dreamers known as DAPA.
Their lawsuit prevailed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas and went up through the court system before stalling at the U.S. Supreme Court (by way of a tie vote) which left the lower court ruling intact. In that lawsuit, Texas and other states won a standing challenge initiated by the Obama administration largely due to the processing fees associated with drivers license applications. There, the court said, Texas was footing (part of) the bill for a surge in license applications, thus they were able to satisfy the most heavily disputed aspect of a standing analysis: injury.
The prevailing anti-DAPA lawsuit is important to note because it offers a preview of what arguments are likely to be used in forthcoming litigation–and how some of those arguments might play out–but it was wrongly decided. It was decided incorrectly on multiple counts, but the real battle is likely to be waged on the issue of standing. Therefore, standing is the first major question for the pro-DACA lawsuits and also the Trump administration's first line of defense.
Under the U.S. Constitution, Article III standing requires: (1) injury; (2) causation; and (3) redressability. Because the potential plaintiffs are unlikely to sustain an initial finding of injury, the other two prongs of a standing analysis are unnecessary.
In a lawsuit intended to salvage DACA, immigrants' rights advocates and opportunistic politicians like Andrew Cuomo might feasibly claim some sort of administrative hiccups–and associated costs–will ensue from phasing out DACA, but this wouldn't likely rise to the level of injury required to survive a standing challenge. That's because phasing out DACA will not require any affirmative steps be taken by the states and this is what the Trump administration will almost certainly argue if and when pro-DACA suits make it to court.
The Obama administration effectively argued this same point when they unsuccessfully tried to defend DAPA (and DACA expansion) in the aforementioned case in front of Judge Andrew S. Hanen. Hanen disagreed and by way of extremely convoluted mental gymnastics, he produced an order in direct tension with the Supreme Court's decision in Arizona v. United States (which more or less affirmed the supremacy of federal law viz. immigration).
Indeed, as mentioned above, Hanen got it wrong. The Obama administration was correct then and the Trump administration will be correct now and in the future. In other words, Trump's lawyers will use the same argument that Obama's lawyers used–in service of exactly the opposite goal. At root, this is what the ensuing lawsuits are all about–federal supremacy–but a lot of the action happens around the procedural issue of standing.
Alternatively, some pro-DACA states could argue some sort of loss in GDP or taxable income, etc. But such arguments have fallen flat before the courts since 1927. There are other forms, of standing, however–and it is entirely possible that a sympathetic judge or court could stretch precedent beyond recognition to advance litigation further for a showdown on the Supreme Court. In fact, that's entirely likely–none of the courts are actually apolitical–but will only produce fleeting wins.
There may be minor court victories for pro-DACA lawsuits, perhaps for those filed directly by Dreamers, but such victories are likely to be short-lived, because those results will at least create full-on tension with Hanen's decision. That means a circuit split is in the cards and the Supreme Court will be forced to weigh in on the subject and make a final decision.
Why the Supreme Court allowed the original lower court ruling to stand when in sharp contrast to precedent was likely a purely political choice (undergirded by the absence of a ninth justice), but in any event, it's hard to see how the Supreme Court finds a way to reconcile the Arizona opinion with the assuredly incoming standing challenges lobbed at any and all pro-DACA lawsuits.
TL;DR–
When the original DAPA lawsuit was punted on by the Supreme Court, that was a defeat for Obama. But had the Supreme Court not treated the issue like a political football, it's hard to see how the federal government could have lost a case that's essentially about the primacy of federal law vis-à-vis immigration. And, it's exceedingly difficult to see how the calculus changes now that Neil Gorsuch is on the bench.
The executive branch has wide latitude in using prosecutorial discretion. Obama understood this and used it–both as the Deporter-in-Chief (remember: this is the same president who deported more people than nearly all of the other presidents combined) and as the man who tried to protect Dreamers. Trump has just as much prosecutorial discretion as Obama and can use it to both supplant his predecessor as Chief Deporter or show some heart. Of course, it's obvious which direction Trump is headed, and these lawsuits may yet slow those deportations down, but they alone are not the salve to stop them.
[image via screengrab]
Follow Colin Kalmbacher on Twitter: @colinkalmbacher
Enhancement of pattern separation could be helpful in improving the quality of normal daily learning and in treating individuals with cognitive impairment and certain psychiatric disorders. Previously, we have shown that elevating brain magnesium, by a novel magnesium compound (magnesium-L-threonate; MgT), enhances extinction of fear memory without enhancing amygdala-dependent fear memory. Here, we investigated the effects of MgT treatment on contextual-fear memory and subsequent pattern separation. Sprague-Dawley male rats were treated with MgT for 4 weeks and memory was evaluated using a spatial-context fear conditioning task. The pattern separation ability of MgT-treated rats was assessed using a spatial-context-discrimination task. MgT treatment did not enhance the retention of contextual-fear memory. Interestingly, the ability to discriminate between two, more or less distinct, contexts was enhanced in MgT-treated rats. Our results suggest that elevation of brain magnesium might be helpful in enhancing spatial-context discrimination and/or pattern separation besides preventing aversive-event-induced overgeneralization of fear.
Scotland's new SQ programme welcomed its first signing this week with the arrival of Callum McLelland to Edinburgh Rugby.
McLelland joins Edinburgh from Super League team Castleford Tigers where he was a member of their academy, having joined the club in August 2016.
He played rugby union up to the age of 13 before focusing on league, representing Castleford based Lock Lane ARLFC club and attending Castleford Academy School.
The 18 year-old stand-off captained England U16s in league and recently played for the England Academy in their two-match series against France in October, scoring a match winning drop-goal in a 19-18 victory in the opening game.
He qualifies for Scotland through a grandfather born in East Ayrshire.
Edinburgh Head Coach, Richard Cockerill, said: "Callum is a young and gifted stand-off so it will be exciting to see him continue his development as he makes the switch from league into union.
I'm delighted that he sees his future with Edinburgh – a club, that for him, has the right culture and environment where he can work hard and realise his potential.
The Scottish Qualified (SQ) programme, which replaced the previous Exiles programme in October this year, has broadened the network of scouts across England and abroad to identify players eligible to play for Scotland living outside its borders.
Scottish Rugby's Technical Director Stephen Gemmell said: “We have had a very positive response to the launch of the new SQ Programme and are delighted to be able to attract a young talented rugby league player to Scottish Rugby.
"We have been monitoring Callum through our programme, utilising Alan Tait's expertise in Rugby League, for some time and it's great he has taken the opportunity to sign for Edinburgh Rugby and continue his career development in union, in Scotland.”
Castleford Tigers Head Coach Daryl Powell said: “Callum was offered an opportunity with the Scottish SQ programme that he felt he couldn't turn down. We made an offer to retain him but had to accept his wishes on this occasion.
"Having declined an extension from us we felt it was best for both Callum and the club that we allowed him to take up this offer.
Story highlights Jimmy Morales tells CNN en Español his background as a comedian is a benefit
"I think it is helping us with our message about a new face for Guatemala," he says.
Officials say Morales won more than 67% of votes in Sunday's election
Guatemala City (CNN) Comedian-turned-politician Jimmy Morales is poised to become Guatemala's next president.
Morales, 46, won more than 67% of votes in Sunday's presidential election, election officials said.
Advisers at some points during his campaign urged him to seem more serious, Morales said.
But he told CNN en Español on Monday that he knew his background as a comedian was a benefit and not a burden.
"If the headlines had said a businessman is running for president, it would not have had the same impact. .... I think it is helping us with our message about a new face for Guatemala, an honest face," he said.
Read More
X Factor judge Cheryl Fernandez-Versini has criticised body-shaming in the media after a series of stories were published about her weight.
She also had a go at Twitter trolls who abused her after the first two X Factor shows were broadcast at the weekend.
In an interview with ES Magazine, Cheryl suggested it should be illegal to criticise someone over their weight.
"Body-shaming has to stop," she said. "Something has to be done, changed, even if it's done in law."
Cheryl married restaurant owner Jean-Bernard Fernandez-Versini last year.
The 32-year-old blamed her recent weight loss on the death of her father-in law.
She told ES Magazine: "I am very happy and very healthy. Every woman has a different body type and handles stress and grief differently.
"I was a ballerina from a child, so I have really good muscle memory. When I work out, I can look like a tennis player. If I don't, I look different."
Fellow X Factor judge, Nick Grimshaw, talked about the issue on the Radio 1 Breakfast Show.
He said Cheryl was healthy and happy but that he didn't understand how she dealt with it.
"This is all everyone has talked about since it [X Factor] started.
"For me, I see she's happy and healthy and eating every day. I don't know how she puts up with it."
Earlier this week, Newsbeat asked Cheryl about her weight and the constant media speculation.
"The thing for me is that I've been doing this for 13 years now and I can take it," she said.
"But it's the people going through the same thing as me, you know, young girls, they shouldn't be having it."
The former Girls Aloud singer says she's also relieved she doesn't have to get up and sing on this year's X Factor.
"It's a lot of pressure to get from behind the desk and get onto the stage as much as I love it, and have loved it.
"I'm ready to relax this year and just focus on what I'm doing," she told Newsbeat.
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram, Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube and you can now follow BBC_Newsbeat on Snapchat
If they come bearing hot French fries and gooey pizza, I, for one, will welcome our new robot overlords with open arms. The artificial intelligence revolution is one step closer to that reality in Europe, where a food delivery service, a package delivery company, and a retail chain are testing out autonomous robot couriers.
Food delivery companies Just Eat and Pronto will be trying out the self-driving robots in London, while Germain retail chain Metro AG and German parcel delivery company Hermes will test them out in Dusseldorf, Germany, and Bern, Switzlerland, as well as another undisclosed German city, says the robot's maker, Starship Technologies.
Starship Technologies, a London-based company started by two Skype co-founders, has been testing the so-called “ground drones” in Europe over the last nine months, but these trials will mark the first time businesses will be using the technology to deliver real orders to paying customers, Allan Martinson, Starship's chief operating officer tells Bloomberg.
Each company's trial will involve anywhere between five and 10 robots in one or two areas of each city. Starship may announce further customers, including U.S.-based businesses, in coming months, Martinson said.
The robots are monitored by humans stationed nearby, and are designed to work on sidewalks instead of roads. They can make deliveries of up to 20 pounds within a two- to three-mile radius. When the robot arrives, the customer will need to enter a code that's been sent to them the business they ordered from to open the courier's lid.
At first, Starship will operate the robots on behalf of its customers and check on their progress. The company can also step in to drive the vehicles remotely if they get stuck in autonomous driving mode. Worried about tripping over one of the little guys? Don't be, Starship says: during test drives, the robots have encountered more than 400,000 people without getting in an accident.
“Our robots are a totally new class of devices that will provide a combination of low cost and convenience with less congested streets and zero emissions,” said CEO Ahti Heinla in November, adding that the robot “has been very well-received by pedestrians in all of the interactions we've seen so far.”
Millions of years after the reptilian animals we know as dinosaurs disappeared, some of their traits persisted in surprising ways among their descendants — birds — a new fossil shows.
The fossil, discovered in the mudstone of northwestern Nebraska, is a bird's egg that was laid about 35 million years ago — some 30 million years after dinosaurs like T. rex and velociraptor became extinct.
But the new-found egg is more like that of a dinosaur than a bird, says Dr. Frankie Jackson, paleontologist at Montana State University.
“If it had been discovered in the Cretaceous [layer, dating from 66 million to 145 million years ago], you would likely think it was that of a theropod dinosaur rather than a bird; it has more characteristics of the former than the latter,” she said in an interview.
The fossil is so unusual that it appears to be a type of egg that's entirely new to science, she said.
Indeed, Jackson and her colleagues say the egg is likely evidence of an ancient bird with some unexpectedly dinosaur-like traits — one whose reproductive features, at least, reveal the piecemeal transition by which two-legged dinosaurs evolved into modern birds.
The team describes the find in the new issue of the Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology.
Jackson specializes in the study of fossil eggs, teasing out the evolutionary links between extinct dinosaurs and birds, which are so closely related that birds are in fact considered living, avian dinosaurs.
Scientists can often tell a lot about an ancient animal from the fossils of its eggs, Jackson explained, even if only the shells remain, or if the embryo inside can't be analyzed.
“The eggshell structure of both modern and fossil eggs is distinct, providing information about the animal that laid the egg in the absence of identifiable embryonic remains,” Jackson said.
“For example, the crystalline structure of bird eggs is easily distinguished from crocodile or turtle.”
But because non-avian dinosaurs and birds are so closely related, and because they coexisted for millions of years, it can often be difficult to differentiate between their eggs, as their traits often overlap. [Learn about a similar discovery made nearby: “Extinct Tropical Bird Discovered in Wyoming“]
In the case of the Nebraska egg, one of its most salient and confusing characteristics was right on its surface.
“Unlike the smooth surface of most modern eggs, dinosaur eggs typically exhibited surface ornamentation — raised bumps or ridges,” Jackson said.
And despite its relatively young age, the Nebraska fossil egg, too, had an unusually textured surface, with tiny lumps and waves that she and her team describe as an “undulating ornamentation.”
The egg was also more spherical than what we consider today — thanks to modern birds — to be egg-shaped.
And the shell was significantly thicker than a modern bird's egg of its size would have been, the researchers note.
Together these traits not only reflect how eggs gradually changed as birds evolved, they also yield clues into how other physical features, and probably some behaviors like nesting, transformed over time, Jackson said.
“We're very interested in egg and reproductive characteristics in the non-avain theropod to avian theropod transition, especially when these characteristics first arose,” she said.
“These features include eggshell structural aspects, as well as things like brooding, incubation methods, feathers and other features.” [Learn more about feathered dinosaurs: “New Feathered Dinosaur Discovered in Texas' Big Bend National Park“]
The interval after non-avian dinosaurs disappeared “was a time when bird lineages were diversifying rapidly,” Jackson noted.
“[It], therefore, is an interesting time, and the fossil record of avian eggs during this interval is fairly limited.”
Join Western Digs on Facebook, follow @WesternDigs on Twitter, and follow us on Tumblr and Google Plus!
Source:
Frankie D. Jackson, David J. Varricchio, & Joseph A. Corsini (2013). Avian eggs from the Eocene Willwood and Chadron formations of Wyoming and Nebraska Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology DOI: 10.1080/02724634.2013.769445
Harbhajan Singh and Ajinkya Rahane talk about Rohit Sharma's heated discussion with umpire S Ravi, who decided not to call a wide in the final over in Rising Pune Supergiant's three-run victory over Mumbai Indians (0:54)
Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma has been fined 50% of his match fee for showing dissent at an umpire's decision during his side's three-run defeat to Rising Pune Supergiant at the Wankhede Stadium on Monday. Match referee Javagal Srinath found Rohit guilty of a Level 1 offence under article 2.1.5 of the Code of Conduct. Rohit admitted to the offence, his second of the season, at the end of the match.
The incident occurred during the final over of Mumbai's chase of 161. With 11 needed off four balls, Rohit shuffled across the stumps to Jaydev Unadkat, who pushed a slower delivery outside off stump. On seeing that the ball was well away from the guideline for wide deliveries, Rohit bailed out of the shot. However, umpire S Ravi did not call it a wide and a shocked Rohit gesticulated animatedly and remonstrated with him before the square-leg umpire, A Nand Kishore, intervened.
Article 2.1.5 deals with "(a) excessive, obvious disappointment with an umpire's decision; (b) an obvious delay in resuming play or leaving the wicket; (c) shaking the head; (d) pointing or looking at the edge of his bat when given out lbw; (e) pointing to the pad or rubbing the shoulder when caught behind; (f) snatching the cap from the Umpire; (g) requesting a referral to the TV Umpire and (h) arguing or entering into a prolonged discussion with the Umpire about his decision. It shall not be a defence to any charge brought under this Article to show that the Umpire might have, or in fact did, get any decision wrong".
Rising Pune Supergiant batsman Ajinkya Rahane and Mumbai bowler Harbhajan Singh had differing views on the legality of the delivery after the match but agreed that Rohit's reaction was not a serious transgression.
"Rohit's behaviour at that point was natural," Rahane said. "As a captain, as a player, when the game is so close, it comes automatically; nobody does it deliberately. I don't think there was anything wrong with his behaviour, but the umpire's call was right too, for us.
"It happens on the field and remains on the field. In this format, in close games, this will happen in the future as well. You should respect the umpire's decision as well as whatever Rohit did that was completely natural."
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The Gold Digger
Pattern: Target is broke and thinks he can make big money by catering to informant's suggestions.
Case study: Derrick Shareef was 22 and desperate for cash to fix his car when an informant approached him at the video game store where he worked in the fall of 2006. The informant, a career criminal, offered Shareef a vehicle, a place to live, and free meals at his house. It was the day before Ramadan, and Shareef, who'd been on the outs with his family since converting to Islam at age 15, saw the offer as an act of God. Weeks later, he told the informant he wanted to attack a courthouse and “smoke a judge.” The informant suggested attacking a shopping mall at Christmas instead. Shareef excitedly agreed; since he was still broke, he traded an “arms dealer”—in fact an undercover FBI agent—a set of speakers for some grenades and a 9 mm handgun.
Charge: Attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction
Sentence: 35 years
The Convert
Pattern: Target is a newcomer to Islam with only a rudimentary understanding of the religion; often also broke and/or homeless.
Case study: Michael Finton converted to Islam while in prison for robbery and, while out on parole, wrote letters to John Walker Lindh, the American student who joined the Taliban. Parole officers found out about the letters while searching his car and told the FBI. The bureau sent in an informant—another prison convert who, according to an FBI affidavit, may have been dealing drugs while working for the bureau. Together with yet another undercover operative, Finton hatched a car-bomb plot targeting the federal building in Springfield, Illinois.
Charges: Attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction
Sentence: 28 years
The Oath Taker
Pattern: Target swears a fictitious Al Qaeda oath made up by informant; is charged and convicted based on that oath
Case study: Tarik Shah, an accomplished jazz bassist (he played Bill Clinton's inauguration) and martial-arts studio owner, met FBI informant Mohamed Alanssi through an Islamic bookstore in New York City. For two years, Alanssi kept in contact with Shah but got nothing incriminating out of him. So the FBI turned to a second informant, Theodore Shelby, an ex-convict and former Black Panther. He recorded conversations that showed Shah as a man obsessed with his martial-arts prowess and a desire to train Muslims in hand-to-hand combat. In one exchange, Shah talked about how he could use the sharp pin that his bass rested on to kill someone. Eventually, Shelby introduced him to an Arabic-speaking FBI agent who led Shah and a friend in an oath to Al Qaeda. The oath became a key piece of evidence in his conviction.
Charge: Conspiring to provide material support to terrorists
Sentence: 15 years (PDF)
The Car Bomber
Pattern: Target and informant hatch plot together; FBI supplies vehicle, “explosives,” and phone to trigger the supposed bomb.
Case study: Hosam Smadi, an 18-year-old Jordanian living outside Dallas, came to the FBI's attention in an extremist chat room. An undercover agent befriended Smadi and introduced him to two more agents posing as members of an Al Qaeda sleeper cell. They hatched a plan to bomb Fountain Place, an iconic Dallas skyscraper. On September 24, 2009, the FBI provided Smadi with what they said was a car bomb; he drove it into the building's parking garage and dialed the number he believed would trigger the bomb.
Charges: Attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction
Sentence: 24 years
The Trainee
Pattern: FBI agent or informant offers to train target as a jihadist, most often via weapons instruction and bodybuilding.
Case study: Marwan el-Hindi was a Jordanian-born naturalized citizen with a string of fraudulent businesses. He met Darren Griffin, a former US Army Special Forces member and FBI informant, at his mosque and asked him about weapons training. From then on, Griffin stayed close to el-Hindi, taking online terrorist training classes with him, working out at a gym, and doing target practice. Griffin, who is referred to in bureau documents as “the Trainer,” spent more than three years cultivating his target before the FBI arrested el-Hindi in February 2006.
Charges: Conspiring to kill, kidnap, maim, or injure another person outside of the United States; conspiring to provide material support to terrorists; distributing information on explosives
Sentence: 13 years
The Subway Bomber
Pattern: With the exception of one attempt to bomb the New York City subway, all the headline-grabbing subway “plots” you've heard of were FBI-led nonstarters.
Case study: Farooque Ahmed was a 34-year-old Pakistani computer engineer living in a middle-class suburb of Washington, DC, with his English-born wife and baby. He'd worked for Ericsson and a Verizon contractor, according to his LinkedIn profile. In the spring of 2010, he came to know two men he believed to be Al Qaeda representatives, and they met several times in northern Virginia hotel rooms, where Ahmed provided pictures, videos, and sketches of Washington Metro stations. He also told the men, who were FBI assets, that he had been training for an attack by studying martial arts as well as knife and gun techniques. He was arrested with great fanfare, though the government took care to point out that “at no time was the public in danger.”
Charge: Attempting to provide material support to a terrorist organization; collecting information to assist a terrorist attack
Sentence: 23 years
You can often do simple things yourself to ease an itchy bottom (anus). See a GP if the itching doesn't stop.
Children under 2, and pregnant and breastfeeding women, can't usually take medicine for threadworms – see your GP, midwife or health visitor instead.
An itchy bottom that's worse at night is often caused by threadworms , especially in children.
You can ask the pharmacist if they have a private area where you can speak. They can suggest:
Many sexual health clinics also offer a walk-in service, where you don't need an appointment. They'll often get test results quicker than a GP.
You can also go to a sexual health clinic if you think your itchy bottom might be caused by a sexually transmitted infection (STI) – for example, if you've had unprotected sex. They can provide the same treatments you would get from a GP.
A GP will try to work out the cause of your itching. They might need to check your bottom (rectal examination) .
Common causes of an itchy bottom
There's not always a clear cause of an itchy bottom. If it gets better quickly, it might have been caused by something that doesn't need treatment, like sweating a lot in hot weather.
If it lasts for longer, you might be able to get an idea of the cause from any other symptoms you have. But don't self-diagnose – see a GP if you're worried.
Other symptoms with itchy bottom Possible causes Gets worse at night, worms in poo (they look like small pieces of thread) threadworms, especially in children Lumps, bright red blood and pain when pooing piles (haemorrhoids) Poo leaking or pooing you can't control diarrhoea or incontinence Sores, swelling or irritation fungal infection, STI like genital warts Itching elsewhere on the body skin condition, such as eczema or psoriasis While using long-term medication side effect of steroid creams, some gels and ointments for anal fissure, and peppermint oil
It's unusual for an itchy anus on its own to be related to something more serious. But in rare cases, it may be a sign of something like anal or bowel cancer, so it's important to get it checked by your GP.
HOUSTON - If you think you're a victim of price gouging, there are several ways you can report incidents.
We've already received several complaints from KPRC2 viewers who reported suspect price changes on bottled water and gas.
It is illegal for retailers, during a state of emergency declaration, to inflate the prices of essential items such as food, water and gas.
Here's the law:
§17.46(b) of the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices-Consumer Protection Act provides that it is a false, misleading or deceptive act or practice to take advantage of a disaster declared by the Governor under Chapter 418, Government Code, by:
Selling or leasing fuel, food, medicine or another necessity at an exorbitant or excessive price; or Demanding an exorbitant or excessive price in connection with the sale or lease of fuel, food, medicine or another necessity.
If you suspect price gouging, let us know at investigates@click2houston.com or call our tipline at 713-222-TIPS.
You can also file a complaint with the Texas attorney general's office here.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton announced Friday that employees from the Consumer Protection Division and the Constituent Affairs Division will operate the Consumer Protection Hotline throughout this weekend.
"During declared disasters, state law prohibits businesses from charging exorbitant prices for necessities such as gas, food, drinking water, clothing and lodging," Paxton said. "Texans affected by Hurricane Harvey should take steps to protect themselves and report any alleged price gouging or scam contractors to the Office of the Attorney General."
Anyone who has encountered price gouging during or after Hurricane Harvey is asked to call the Office of the Attorney General's Consumer Protection Hotline toll-free at 1-800-621-0508 or email consumeremergency@oag.texas.gov or file a complaint online at www.texasattorneygeneral.gov.
Check the forecast any time by visiting the weather page of Click2Houston.com or by downloading Frank's forecast app on Apple or Android devices.
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved.
The first ever Centurion Run was built with one goal in mind, provide the best possible experience for our members. Our team stopped at nothing to make sure the Centurion Run was jam packed with motorsport events and luxury hotel accommodations along the way. From the driver's challenge that took place at Lime Rock Park to the full private track day at Summit Point Motorsports Park, all of the drivers participated in an experience driven rally from day one. Not to mention all the swag, grab and go breakfast and the latest copy of duPont Registry for each driver and co-driver at the morning start point.
DAY ZERO / PRE-RALLY
Whether drivers took the optional extra night stay before the start of the rally or not, everyone pulled into the Boston Park Plaza with smiles on their faces ready to shake hands and spend some time with their new petrol-head friends. All of the drivers got to experience Boston with each other while their incredible cars were detailed and dressed up with the official Centurion Run livery set overnight for the early morning start.
DAY ONE
Rise and shine to a gorgeous day in downtown Boston filled with people stopping on their way to work engaging in conversation with the drivers and photographers frantically snapping pictures of the exotics all morning. Needless to say, with perfect weather and both man and machine fuelled up, the day was off to a great start with the target destination of Lime Rock Park for an afternoon of tire screeching.
Upon arrival to Lime Rock Park, The Dream Ride Experience's Jeff & Scott greeted the drivers with an overwhelming welcome and a group of lucky special needs athletes that got their own private exotic car show and trackside view for the Centurion Run driver challenge.
After a healthy dose of tracking and spending some time with the good people from The Dream Ride Experience, the driver's set off to New York City where they would spend the night in anticipation for day two.
DAY TWO
After a night in New York City's Hilton Midtown hotel, the drivers set off for lunch at McLaren Philadelphia. The McLaren staff were gracious in providing a fully catered lunch and meeting spot for the Centurion Run group. Lunch at McLaren Philadelphia gave drivers the opportunity to catch up with each other about their night in New York City as well as their run at the Lime Rock Park driver experience event. Goodbyes to the McLaren Philadelphia staff and the drivers were off to the incredible Mandarin Oriental in Washington, DC.
Tours of the city, dinner plans and overall relaxation in part with the hotel's extremely hospitable staff were all on the agenda for the members of the Centurion Run. Groups separated to tour the monuments and enjoy the nation's capital. Eventually, the drivers met at the W hotel's rooftop patio bar overlooking the Whitehouse with plenty of drinks and impromptu dance-offs for a great end to the night.
DAY THREE
No exotic car rally is complete without someone doing something off the wall so without further adieu, our very own Sal painted the sky with a colorful smoke show as he peeled off into the beautiful Washington sunlight to mark our departure from the city in style.
Everyone was now on their way to the big track event at Summit Point Motorsports Park, a full day of tracking on a private course for the Centurion Run group complete with blistering straights and technical corners allowing drivers to push their cars to their limits. Summit Point Motorsports Park hosted a variety of friendly competition amongst seasoned drivers, a platform to get that need for speed and instructions for the new to track drivers that were looking for a way to push their car without that first timer's stress.
After a long day of pushing our cars to the limit, we embarked on our final stretch to end at the beautiful Kimpton Hotel Monaco in Pittsburgh where we all spent a final night with each other and reminisced about the memories that were collected along the way.
Our team gave a heartfelt thank you before a final night spent in the boutique hotel together. Drivers said their goodbyes and made off on their way home after one final night of partying and a good night's rest.
Overall the Centurion Run was a great success that brought like-minded people together for a great cause and it turned out to be a favourite of quite a few members that have participated in other rallies before. We couldn't be happier.
THE AWARDS
What's the point of doing something without being awarded for it? We would like to present 4 awards to the deserving members of the first ever Centurion Run.
Centurion Award
The Centurion Award is presented to an individual who represents the full spirit of what we stand for. This individual helped others in times of need or presented themselves as a shining example of giving back to the community.
We would be honoured to present this award to Scott Smith of The Dreamride Experience for all of his and his team's support for the first ever Centurion Run. Thank you so much for making this all possible!
Best Car Award
Self explanatory, this award goes to the driver with the best car as chosen by other Centurion Run participants. With that being said, we would like to present this award to Khurrum Dhanji and his Black Ferrari F12.
Road Renegade Award
The Road Renegade Award is awarded to the driver that doesn't quite know where his or her wheels may have been at all times. This award goes to none other than Dillon Kovljenic for shooting a smile at the on-track cameras every time his back end slid out, which was pretty much every turn.
Joker Award
Last but not least, the Joker Award goes to an individual that not only gets away with outrageous pranks, but also manages to crack a smile on everyone's face, even if we're left scratching our heads. This joker is none other than the famous Sal (Nick) Naylor for his well packed bag of party tricks.
Thank you to everyone that was a part of the first ever Centurion Run. Our team is incredibly humbled by the overwhelming response to the experience and we aim to bring you even more for CR2. Keep your engines warm, we're releasing year two details shortly.
The Centurion Run Team
centurionrun.com
@centurionrun
Photos by Derek Bartolo Photography
Local Tibetans defy Chinese restrictions on pictures of their exiled spiritual leader.
In a major show of defiance, Tibetans celebrating the enthronement of a local religious leader at the weekend paraded large photographs of the Dalai Lama in a restive Tibetan county in China's Sichuan province, Tibetan sources said.
The Dalai Lama, who fled Tibet into exile in 1959 amid a failed national uprising against Chinese rule, is regarded by Chinese authorities as a dangerous separatist, and possession of his pictures often brings harsh punishment to those who display them.
“On Sept. 1, an enthronement ceremony for the tulku [reincarnation] of Dudul Lingpa was organized at Changkar monastery in the Lingkha Shi subdivision of Bathang county in Kardze (in Chinese Ganzi) prefecture,” a Tibetan resident of the area told RFA, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Several thousand Tibetans, many on motorbikes, took part in the ceremony to welcome the young lama, the source said, adding, “Many displayed huge photos of the Dalai Lama on their motorbikes and paraded in the ceremony.”
Among the photographs taken of the parade and sent to RFA, one picture shows a car carrying the banned Tibetan national flag on its hood.
A Sept. 4 report by the online Tibet Express noted that though the residents of Lingkha Shi live in Bathang county, they are also close to Kardze town, the site of repeated Tibetan protests challenging Chinese rule.
In Lingkha Shi itself, over 20 Tibetans were detained in 2009 for protesting Chinese mining in the area, with one, Tsultrim Choephel, beaten to death by police, Tibet Express said, citing sources in the region.
And on April 19, a monk named Petruk, 23, was detained by police and killed while in custody, Tibet Express said.
Reported by RFA's Tibetan service. Translated by Karma Dorjee. Written in English by Richard Finney.
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Boeing confirmed on Sunday it had signed a formal deal to sell 80 passenger jets to Iran's national airline.
IranAir's planned purchase includes 50 narrow-body 737 MAX 8 jetliners and 30 of the wide-body 777 jet family, split equally between the current-generation 777-300ER and the future 777-9: a 406-seat twin-engined jet due to enter service in 2020.
Boeing said it had followed the terms of a sales license granted by the U.S. Treasury in September, following a provisional agreement it had reached with IranAir in June. That agreement covered over 100 jets, with the rest due to be leased.
“Boeing coordinated closely with the U.S. government throughout the process leading up to the sale and continues to follow all license requirements as it moves forward to implement the sales agreement,” the planemaker said in a statement.
The deal follows the easing of sanctions on Iran following a deal between Tehran and major powers to curb its nuclear activities in return for an end to nuclear-related sanctions. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Geert Victor De Clercq)
Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus owners in the United States will have to wait a bit longer before Bixby arrives, as the AI assistant is reportedly having problems getting the English language down.
Aside from the DeX and Infinity Display, among other things, the Siri and Google Assistant competitor is touted as one of the key features of the South Korean brand's current flagship.
In other words, it was meant to take the user experience to a whole 'nother level along with the others, but it's getting delayed, which doesn't come as bad news for some people.
Bixby AI Assistant Needs An English Tutor
According to The Wall Street Journal, Samsung is running into problems during internal tests of Bixby, particularly with grammar and syntax of the English language.
Put differently, it's having trouble constructing grammatical sentences, and that's a big no-no if the smartphone maker wants to make a splash in the scene.
Originally, Samsung scheduled to launch Bixby sometime in May, but because of the problems that turned up, it's now expected to roll out this June. That's not set in stone, however.
For the record, even though users can't talk to Bixby just yet, some of its features are already available, such as Vision, Home, and Reminder.
"Bixby Voice benefits from time to further enhance natural language understanding, and we are currently growing our user testing in the U.S. to prepare for launch," Samsung says.
Bixby And The AI Assistant War
From the look of things, Siri and Assistant don't have to worry about the upcoming contender for now because Samsung will need to resolve all the issues before Bixby can be considered as a threat of sorts.
Needless to say, Siri and Assistant already understand English well, not to mention that the latter is equipped to be friendly and humorous.
Interestingly enough, it does know how to rap and diss Siri, though. Obviously, it's not in English.
Galaxy S8 Doing Fine Even Without Bixby
Even though Bixby didn't come out hand in hand with the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus, the smartphones are doing pretty well on their own in terms of sales and user satisfaction.
For one, Samsung did manage to get an impressive 720,000 preorders for the Galaxy S8 before it was released, despite coming hot on the heels of the whole exploding Galaxy Note 7 fiasco.
That market performance ended up as the "best ever" for the manufacturer, setting a new record.
As a refresher, the Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus hit the shelves in April, packing in a Snapdragon 835, 4 GB of RAM, and a ton of features.
To boil things down, English-speaking users isn't getting Bixby anytime soon, leaving the dedicated side button for the assistant on their Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8 Plus useless for a bit longer.
With all said and done, what do you think of the delayed launch of Bixby in the United States? Feel free to hit us up in the comments section below and let us know.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Why Supreme's Business Model [Probably] Won't Work For You
Max Doblin Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 25, 2015
Last April marked the 20th Anniversary of Supreme — the most powerful fashion/retail brand you may have never heard of. And that's okay, because if you haven't heard of them, then you're probably not meant to [but you should keep reading, anyway]. Even the New York Times said,
No offense, but if you don't know about Supreme, maybe it's because you're not supposed to.
Unlike other companies who want to grow as large as possible, that's not the goal of Supreme. Or at least their definition of “growth” is significantly different than what you'd expect from a normal apparel company.
Who is Supreme and Why Don't I Know About Them?
Supreme is the incredibly-well kept secret of cool kids. What started as a skate brand, has now become the leader of streetwear, selling everything from hats and shirts to crowbars and lighters. Year after year, Supreme is voted as one of the best streetwear brands year by publications like GQ and Complex. They've collaborated with brands and artists like Nike, Terry Richardson, The North Face, KAWS, Damien Hirst, Playboy, and many others.
The highly-coveted Nike x Supreme Air Force 1 High
Just like people camped out for new iPhone releases with sleeping bags and fold-up chairs, people camp out for new Supreme collections — multiple times every year. And unlike iPhone lines, which are mostly filled with techies who aren't looking to start fights, Supreme lines are restless and pretty much the opposite.
S0 what makes thousands of people camp out +24 hours for a hat and a t-shirt? Apart from their iconic branding, the hype around Supreme is rooted in their business model.
Never Being a Sell Out = Always Selling Out of Products
Unlike the Nike's and Ralph Lauren's of the world, Supreme has never gone commercial and has never been sold in a big box retailer. Since they've avoided becoming a sell out, their products always sell out.
Their business model is defined by simple economics, in which demand outweighs supply — significantly. As demand for Supreme increases, the supply becomes more valuable. However, the supply never increases to meet the demand. For a reason.
While other brands re-stock products if they sell well, Supreme never re-stocks anything. That means if you missed out on a new release, you're not going to be able to walk into Supreme next month and expect it to be sitting on the shelf. This is the true definition of limited edition.
Limited edition only matters when demand outweighs supply. The demand for Supreme is so high and the supply is so low that a second market has been created, naturally. While Supreme could increase their supply, they have chosen not to, which has fueled the second-market of re-sellers — people who buy products just to re-sell them for a profit.
When Founder of Supreme, James Jebbia, was asked about the second market, he said,
I don't like it very much simply because we try our best to make our clothing affordable for young people, after all Supreme is a skate brand & when I do see our things on ebay the prices are normally at least double what they should be. Basically I don't like people getting jacked for a T-shirt. I much prefer if someone buys something from us that they plan on wearing it & not selling .
But Supreme knows that as long as they don't increase their supply, they will be splitting profits with their customers.
Once fans and hustlers recognized an opportunity to make “easy” money, the second market blew up. But the second market didn't always exist in the way it does today. In Complex's YouTube documentary, Sold Out: The Underground Economy of Supreme Resellers, they broke down the second market into the four segments below.
The four segments of Supreme's second market (Credit: Complex)
eBay
For the longest time, eBay had been the golden second market for Supreme products, among others. While eBay provides arguably the safest marketplace for customer-customer selling, the platform has 1) become flooded with fakes, and 2) re-sellers aren't so fond of the 10% eBay takes from each sale.
D-2-C
Then Instagram came along, which offered a more personal, trust-worthy, and accessible marketplace, sans-fee, for people to buy, sell, and trade Supreme products. Here's why it works so well:
If a re-seller has a Box Logo T-Shirt and sees a user comment “I need this. Will pay premium” on Supreme's Instagram post of the shirt, it's easy for the re-seller to reach out to the user directly and negotiate a quick deal. Re-sellers on Instagram are also leveraging photography and content to make their account feel like a store to build legitimacy.
Conventions
While conventions aren't necessarily a new concept, they are relatively new to the streetwear and footwear market. Sneakercon, which was founded in 2009, offers a way for collectors to sell their products to masses of fans in-person. It's a good way for those who want to buy, sell, trade, and window-shop products face-t0-face while avoiding unsafe meet-ups.
Consignment
Consignments shops are no new concept either, but the way products are being consigned is pretty new. Consignment offers a great opportunity for re-sellers and collectors who need help moving product through a source that's trusted by the community. Consigners no longer need to own a physical space, they only need to own an Instagram or eBay account.
Why You [Probably] Cannot Be Supreme
Ask a streetwear fan or someone who's starting a streetwear company who their favorite brands are and you'll undoubtedly hear Supreme. Everyone wants to be like Supreme because Supreme feels legitimately attainable.
Have you ever seen a simple art piece worth a ton of money and said, “Wow, I could have done that?” — that's what Supreme feels like.
Most people know their brand cannot or will never be a Nike or Calvin Klein, but reaching the level of Supreme doesn't feel unrealistic, which is actually quite deceiving.
What people often forget is that:
Supreme is a streetwear brand. They're not corporate or built for the masses. They're for the niche, cool-kid consumer. They don't spend millions on the newest technology like Adidas or Levi's. It legitimately feels like you can produce similar quality items without an insane amount of capital. Supreme has been around since 1994. They are a product of hype and demand that's built up over time. That means they stuck to their business model of never re-stocking any hot-selling products for 21 years and counting. That's hard to do when you're trying to make as much money as you can, as fast as you can. Once you see a product selling well, I'd imagine it's pretty hard not to re-release it.
So while I'm not saying you shouldn't start a streetwear brand and aim to have the success and cult-like following of Supreme, I'm saying it's important to understand their business model, and why they have become an iconic brand. The business model is only one piece of Supreme's complex equation, but it's a good starting point.
Los Angeles police and city officials announced two $50,000 rewards Tuesday for information leading to an arrest or arrests in connection with a pair of unsolved killings, authorities said.
The rewards were being offered in the deaths of Michelle Lozano, 17, and Bree'Anna Guzman, 22, according to a news release from the Los Angeles Police Department.
Both women's bodies were discovered near freeways less than 10 months apart.
“We know that there are people out there that know something and we just need their help,” Anne Flores, a relative of Lozano's said.
Lozano's body was found near the southbound 5 Freeways in Boyle Heights in April 2011, according to the Los Angeles Times' Homicide Report.
She had been wrapped in plastic and stuffed into a container, which was dumped over a concrete barrier along the freeway, according to the report.
Guzman, a mother of two, made a stop at a Lincoln Heights pharmacy to get some medicine when she disappeared the day after Christmas in 2011, according to her family.
She was found dead about a month later near a freeway on-ramp in Echo Park.
It did not appear the two victims knew each other, according to Capt. William Hayes of the LAPD.
Investigators, citing forensic evidence, announced that they believe the same person was responsible for both slayings.
However, officials said that with no surveillance video, eyewitnesses or a description of the killer, they have little to go on.
Hoping to generate fresh leads, investigators along with grieving family members addressed the media in front of the Police Administration Building in downtown L.A. on Tuesday.
The rewards, totaling $100,000, were being sponsored by Los Angeles City Councilman Gil Cedillo, according to the release.
“No one wants to bury a loved one, but worse than that is to bury your child who a was victim of crime. A cowardly crime,” Cedillo said.
KTLA's Kareen Wynter contributed to this report.
The switch in colour scheme is part of a new sponsorship deal with water technology specialist, BWT.
Force India has revealed a dramatic new pink colour scheme that it will race from the start of the 2017 Formula 1 season.
The switch to the pink, magenta and silver livery has come in the wake of the team signing a new sponsorship deal with water technology specialists BWT. Complementing the pink colour of the car, Sergio Perez and Esteban Ocon's helmets will also switch paint scheme.
Force India team boss Vijay Mallya said: “The arrival of BWT in Formula 1 is huge news and represents one of the most significant partnerships in our 10-year history. It's a sign of how far we have come as a team with our strong results and completes a solid commercial performance over the winter.”
“For 2017, our cars will sport a vibrant new colour scheme with a smart matte finish.”
“Changing the colour of our cars is an indication of the strength of this new partnership and a real statement of intent from BWT as they begin their relationship with the sport of F1.”
SUPERGUN WARNING: I had multiple switches for the repair because of Windy Gaming SuperGun damage, more information in my support topic. I don't own it and I don't plan to look into it. In this particular case I won't provide any support regarding SuperGun damage. You've been warned.
Current version: 1.5
Price: $180
Shipping (USPS):
Domestic (Priority Mail): $17
Canada (First Class Mail International, tracked): $23
International (First Class Mail International, tracked): $30
I don't offer combined shipping for the following reasons:
1. the international shipping is cheaper if I ship several smaller boxes rather than one larger;
2. minimizes my fees in an event of a lost package;
3. greatly simplifies my order processing and saves a lot of my time.
I'm not responsible for the customs fees, that's something which is entirely on you.
Information:
Main difference between this and gscartsw is switching circuit and removal of VGA / 3.5 audio jack in favor of the second SCART output. Observing gscartsw usage I figured out that very few users use the VGA port in H/V sync mode (canonical VGA provides separate Horizontal / Vertical sync). If you own gscartsw you probably know that VGA output has two modes: CSYNC and HVSYNC, controlled through a toggle switch (CV/HV). Usually VGA output is set to CSYNC mode and VGA2BNC cable is used. So that said I decided to replace VGA port with second SCART output. This will make the switch cheaper than fewer components will be used (no VGA, no audio jack, smaller footprint, less logic). Another feature is sync regeneration, this feature is supposed to fix all sync level issues which are often an effect of incorrect modding. Sync signal is detected by Altera and level is automatically set to compatible, everything else is stripped, like LM1881/EL1883 IC but much faster, you won't see a big image shift anymore, something very visible when LM1881/EL1883 is used. Switching circuit is also different here (Altera utilized) and it is cheaper to manufacture while maintaining the same set of features. Don't be misled by the name, think of this project as a “gscartsw next”, reiteration of gscartsw and an effort to make it cheaper yet retaining highest possible picture quality. Other than that it's still good old gscartsw.
Features:
1. 8 SCART inputs;
2. 2 SCART outputs;
3. Simultaneous output support;
4. Design with focus on video quality;
5. Automatic switching (sync based signal detection, no power pins needed);
6. Sync regeneration (ON/OFF switch);
7. Integrated video amplifier;
8. EXT header support to query / override enabled input;
9. PSU polarity & overvoltage protection;
10. Externally powered (standard 2.1 DC jack, 7-12V, center positive), hi-quality universal power supply is included.
View 2 Photos
For the past couple of years, we've been sharing everything we've uncovered about the next-generation Mazda MX-5 Miata. We've told you that in 2013, Mazda plans to return to the car's original 1989 roots by making it lighter, more fuel-efficient, and cleaner. We've also shown you a couple of artist's impressions of the new model.
Now, we have definitive information about the MX-5's new styling direction from a rock-solid source. A senior editor at Japan's Holiday Auto magazine tells us that if you know where to look, you can find just about anything on the Internet these days. Even official manufacturer drawings of future models! That's exactly what we have here.
Based on a technical drawing supplied by Mazda to the Tokyo Patent Office recently, our artist has composed a sketch you see here of what to expect in the aesthetics department from the new roadster. And it's surprisingly simple.
The new MX-5's grille will take on a more basic oval shape along the lines of the first-generation car, a departure from the current model's large "smiley face" grille. The headlights have been given a distinct up-slanting teardrop shape. From what we see in this exclusive sketch, the proportions are almost identical to the 1989 car (which was launched in the U.S. as a 1990 model year car).
The first-generation NA model, which measured in at roughly 156 by 66 by 49 inches and boasted a 116-hp, 1.6-liter engine, was upgraded in 1998 (it appeared in the U.S. as a 1999 model year car) with a bigger 140-hp, 1.8-liter powerplant. Pressure for more power from overseas markets (especially the U.S.) forced Mazda to fit a 160-hp, 2.0-liter 4-cylinder unit in 2005, something chief engineer Takao Kijima reportedly did not want to do.
Speech-related neurons
Neuronal responses in human temporal and frontal lobes were recorded from 11 patients with intractable epilepsy monitored with intracranial depth electrodes to identify seizure foci for potential surgical treatment (see Methods). Following an auditory cue, subjects uttered one of five vowels (a/a/, e/ε/, i/i/, o/o/ and u/u/) or simple syllables containing these vowels (consonant+vowel: da/da/, de/dε/, di/di/, do/do/ and du/du/...). We recorded the activity of 716 temporal and frontal lobe units. As this study focuses on speech and owing to the inherent difficulty to distinguish between auditory- and speech-related neuronal activations, we analysed only the 606 units that did not respond to auditory stimuli. A unit was considered speech-related if its firing rate during speech differed significantly from the pre-cue baseline period (see Methods). Overall, 8% of the analysed units (49) were speech-related, of which, more than a half (25) were vowel-tuned, showing significantly different activation for the five vowels (see Supplementary Fig. S1).
Sharp and broad vowel tuning
Two areas commonly activated in speech studies2, the STG and a medial–frontal region overlying the rostral anterior cingulate and the adjacent medial orbitofrontal cortex (rAC/MOF; Brodmann areas 11 and 12; See Supplementary Fig. S2 for anatomical locations of the electrodes), had the highest proportions of speech-related (75% and 11%, respectively) and vowel-tuned units (58% and 77% of these units). In imaging and electrocorticography studies, the rACC was shown to participate in speech control2,6, the orbitofrontal cortex in speech comprehension and reading7, and the STG in speech production at the phoneme level8. Involvement of STG neurons in speech production was also observed in earlier single-unit recordings in humans9. We analysed neuronal tuning in these two areas and found that it had divergent characteristics: broadly tuned units that responded to all vowels, with a gradual modulation in the firing rate between vowels, comprised 93% of tuned units in STG (13/14) but were not found in rAC/MOF (0/10), whereas sharply tuned units that had significant activation exclusively for one or two vowels comprised 100% of the tuned rAC/MOF units (10/10) but were rare in STG (1/14).
Figure 1 displays responses of five sharply tuned units in rAC/MOF, each exhibiting strong, robust increases in their firing rate specifically for one or two vowel sounds, whereas for the other vowels firing remains at the baseline rate. For example, a single unit in the right rostral anterior cingulate cortex (rACC) (Fig. 1, top row) elevated its firing rate to an average of 97 spikes/s when the patient said 'a', compared with 6 spikes/s for 'i', 'e', 'o' and 'u' (P<10−13, one-sided two-sample t-test). Anecdotally, in the first two trials of this example (red arrow) the firing rate remained at the baseline level, unlike the rest of the 'a' trials; in these two trials, the patient wrongly said 'ah' rather than 'a' (confirmed by the sound recordings).
Figure 1: Sharply tuned medial–frontal (rAC/MOF) units. Raster plots and peri-stimulus time histograms of five units during the utterance of the five vowels a, e, i, u and o. For each of the units, significant change in firing rate from the baseline occurred for one or two vowels only (Methods). Red vertical dashed lines indicate speech onset. All vertical scale bars correspond to firing rates of 20 spikes/s. Full size image
A completely different encoding of vowels was found in the STG, where the vast majority of tuned units exhibited broad variation of the response over the vowel space, during the articulation of both vowels (Fig. 2a) and simple syllables containing these vowels (Supplementary Fig. S3a). This structured variation is well approximated by sinusoidal tuning curves (Fig. 2b and Supplementary Fig. S3b) analogous to the directional tuning curves commonly observed in motor cortical neurons10. Units shown in Fig. 2 had maximal responses ('preferred vowel', in analogy to 'preferred direction') to the vowels 'i' and 'u', which correspond to a closed articulation where the tongue is maximally raised, and minimal ('anti-preferred') response to 'a' and 'o' where it is lowered.
Figure 2: Broadly tuned STG units. (a) Raster plots and peri-stimulus time histograms during the utterance of the five vowels a, e, i, u and o. Significant change in firing rate from the baseline occurred for all or most vowels, with modulated firing rate (Methods). Red vertical dashed lines indicate speech onset; vertical bars, 10 spikes/s. (b) Tuning curves of the respective units in a over the vowel space, showing orderly variation in the firing rate of STG units with the articulated vowel. Full size image
Population-level decoding and structure
Unlike directional tuning curves, where angles are naturally ordered, vowels can have different orderings. In the tuning curves of Fig. 2, we ordered the vowels according to their place and manner of articulation as expressed by their location in the IPA chart1, but is this ordering natural to the neural representation? Instead of assuming a certain ordering, we could try and deduce the natural organization of speech features represented in the population-level neural code. That is, we can try to infer a neighbourhood structure (or order) of the vowels where similar (neighbouring) neuronal representations are used for neighbouring vowels. We reasoned that this neighbourhood structure could be extracted from the error structure of neuronal classifiers: when a decoder, such as the population vector11 errs, it is more likely to prefer a value that is a neighbour of the correct value than a more distant one. Thus, classification error rates are expected to be higher between neighbours than between distant features when feature ordering accurately reflects the neural representation neighbourhood structure. In this case, classification error rates expressed by the classifier's confusion matrix will have a band-diagonal structure.
To apply this strategy, we decoded the population firing patterns using multivariate linear classifiers with a sparsity constraint to infer the uttered vowel (Methods). The five vowels were decoded with a high average (cross-validated) accuracy of 93% (significantly above the 20% chance level, P<10−5, one-sided one-sample t-test, n=6 cross-validation runs; Supplementary Table S1), and up to 100% when decoding pairs of vowels (Fig. 3a). Next, we selected the vowel ordering that leads to band-diagonal confusion matrices (Fig. 3b). Interestingly, this ordering is consistent across different neuronal subpopulations (Fig. 3b and Supplementary Fig. S4) and exactly matches the organization of vowels according to their place and manner of articulation as reflected by the IPA chart (Fig. 3c). As the vowel chart represents the position of the highest point of the tongue during articulation, the natural organization of speech features by neuronal encoding reflects a functional spatial-anatomical axis in the mouth.
MINNEAPOLIS --Legendary musicianPrince's health issues ranged from hip surgery in recent years to an emergency landing last week for flu treatment before his death at the age of 57.
Stevie Wonder reflects on Prince's love for human kind, equality
Prince was found unresponsive Thursday morning in an elevator at his suburban Minneapolis compound. The local sheriff said deputies responded to a medical call at 9:43 a.m. that morning but that first-responders couldn't revive the iconic musician. He was pronounced dead at 10:07 a.m.
Carver County Sheriff Jim Olson said at a news conference Friday afternoon that there were "no obvious signs of trauma" to Prince's body.
There was "no reason to believe that this was a suicide," Olson said.
The Midwest Medical Examiner's Office performed an autopsy Friday but Olson said the results, including a cause of death, could take several weeks.
Dr. A. Quinn Strobl took four hours to perform the autopsy, medical examiner's office spokeswoman Martha Weaver said. The body was being released to Prince's family.
"Entertainment Tonight" co-host Kevin Frazier said on "CBS This Morning" Friday that Prince had hip replacement surgery in 2010 and also had issues with his ankles.
"People close to Prince tell me he struggled with painkillers due to his hip and ankle issues," Frazier said, noting that for Prince to cancel a performance, as he did this month, "something was drastically wrong."
"The hip and ankle issues were a problem for him for so long," Frazier said, "and for a man who loved to move and dance so much, it really bothered him."
His former percussionist, Sheila E., told ABC's "Good Morning America" on Friday that Prince damaged his hips while performing, saying he jumped off risers while wearing high heels during his "Purple Rain" days and that "it damaged parts of his body." Prince was seen in recent years using a cane.
Prince had canceled concerts in Atlanta, citing the flu. He performed a makeup concert April 14 in that city, apologizing to the crowd shortly after coming on stage for the earlier cancellation.
While talking to the crowd between songs, he joked about having been "under the weather," giving a slight smile. His voice seemed a bit weak at times when he spoke, but he sounded fine when singing during the 80-minute show, which featured "Nothing Compares 2 U" and his finale, "Baby, I'm A Star."
He sat at his piano for most of the show, but stood up at times to pound the keys and walked around the piano a couple of times, soaking up cheers.
It would be his final big performance. On the flight home, Prince's plane made an emergency landing in Illinois. His publicist said it was the flu, and he was taken to a hospital for treatment.
On Friday, a promoter said Prince was slated to perform a surprise set of shows earlier this week in St. Louis but canceled because of health concerns. Promoter Steve Litman said that he'd been working for weeks to set up two surprise pop-up shows on April 18 at the Fox Theatre in St. Louis. Litman is a executive producer for concerts at the theatre.
Litman said tickets were set to go on sale April 15, but that Prince's representatives told him late on April 14 that Prince needed to back out because of concern he might have to cancel the shows due to illness.
In a 2009 interview with Tavis Smiley, Prince revealed that he was "born epileptic" and had seizures when he was young. It's unclear if his epilepsy carried into adulthood.
A transcript from a 911 call shows an unidentified male phoned in Thursday's emergency, telling the dispatcher "we're at Prince's house" and "the person is dead here," but the caller struggled to figure out the exact address, CBS News correspondent Jamie Yuccas reports.
On the streets of Minneapolis Thursday night, thousands of fans celebrated Prince as he would've wanted them to - with a sing-along and an all-night dance party.
"Love Prince," Johnette Jordan told CBS. "I mean, the guy could play every instrument. He brought a lot of other artists with him, and no one could do a slow song like Prince."
Prince, a Jehovah's Witness, had a reputation for clean living. In 2009, he told an interviewer with the Los Angeles Times that he didn't do drugs "or I'd give you a joint" to share while they listened to music.
After the Atlanta performance, Prince hosted a dance party on April 16 at his Paisley Park compound in Minnesota.
Jeremiah Freed, who runs the website drfunkenberry.com and who got to know Prince after writing about him over the years, said he last saw Prince at the dance party. Freed said he believed Prince held the party to show everyone he was fine.
Freed said Prince made a brief appearance but that he didn't have one-on-one time with the musician that night. Freed said the artist showed off a new purple piano he had received as a gift, as well as a purple guitar, but seemed upset about the reports of an illness.
"When he had to talk about the stories going on, he didn't seem too pleased. It was kind of like, 'I'm here. I'm good,'" Freed said, adding that Prince told the crowd: "Just wait a few days before saying your prayers."
Lars Larson, a 37-year-old Minneapolis man who worked security for Prince and at Paisley Park events for about six years, said he attended the same party. Larson said the singer briefly appeared on stage and spoke to the crowd before standing by the sound board for 20 minutes then disappearing for the night.
"He seemed great. He looked like Prince," he said. "The whole point of the show on Saturday was to show he was doing all right."
Image copyright STR Image caption How long should convicted rapists spend in jail?
There's been an outcry over the six-month jail sentence handed to a Stanford university student who was convicted of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman. Some survivors say the judge's decision could deter victims in other cases from coming forward.
Her powerful victim statement conveyed, in brutal and honest detail, how she endured a sexual assault in January 2015.
"I am not just a drunk victim at a frat party found behind a dumpster, while you are the All­-American swimmer at a top university, innocent until proven guilty, with so much at stake.
"I am a human being who has been irreversibly hurt, my life was put on hold for over a year, waiting to figure out if I was worth something."
The unnamed young woman who was sexually assaulted on the campus of Stanford university, detailed how Brock Allen Turner, a star athlete at Stanford, became Brock Allen Turner, her attacker.
Image copyright AP Image caption Brock Turner was seen by two witnesses sexually assaulting an unconscious woman
A jury in California found the 20-year-old guilty on all three counts of sexual assault. Prosecutors asked for six years, but Judge Aaron Persky sentenced him to six months in jail and probation, even though the maximum penalty was up to 14 years.
The judge said a longer jail term would have "a severe impact" on Turner.
To many survivors, the judge's comments about Turner highlight a narrative around sex crimes, which favours the attacker ahead of the victim.
Julia Dixon was sexually assaulted while she was a student at the University of Akron, Ohio. Her attacker was sentenced to 180 days in prison, but served just three.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Julia Dixon filed a complaint against her university for the way it handled her sexual assault case.
"I still consider it a victory. It's a victory within a tragedy because so many people don't get that far," she said.
Her assailant pleaded guilty to lesser charges as part of a plea deal, but Julia believes sentences for rape and sexual assaults should be longer, at least 15 years, so the punishment is commensurate with the crime.
"It's probably going to affect me my whole life. For my attacker, (the sentence) needs to be as long as it will take for him to understand the ramifications of his actions."
Brock Turner's father, Dan Turner, said his son did not deserve a long sentence, for "20 minutes of action", because he had no prior criminal history and had never been violent toward anyone.
Image copyright Twitter - @mldauber
"She had her whole future ahead of her too, and it's been upended through no fault of her own," added Julia.
"As someone put it to me, we seem to judge perpetrators on their potential, while we judge victims on their past."
The strongest indicator of whether someone might commit a sexual assault, is whether someone has already committed one. Some experts argue longer sentences would act as a deterrent.
In 2014, President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden launched an awareness campaign around issues of sexual violence on university and college campuses in America. Their guidelines included a promise to provide specialised training for law enforcement and prosecutors, and a pledge to increase arrest and conviction rates.
The vast majority of rapes and sexual assaults are still not reported to law enforcement agencies in the US. Among college women, only about 12% of rape complaints made it to the police.
Fabiana Diaz, who was sexually assaulted on her second day at university in Michigan, was told by a prosecutor that it wasn't worth pursuing a case. "It would be a lot for you to handle," she was told.
Her attacker was popular on campus, which also made it harder for some people to take her seriously. "My reputation was as the person who cried rape," she added.
"I think rapists are protected. The universities don't do anything. The system is broken. This Stanford case has just proved that."
Fabiana, who along with Julia appeared on stage at the Oscars with Lady Gaga and other survivors of sexual assault, believes Turner's background and race were also a factor.
"If he had been black, he would have gotten 15 years. If he was Hispanic, he would have too. If he was anything but white and privileged. How do you know he's learned his lesson?"
Image caption Fabiana Diaz was told not to pursue her sexual assault case
Other survivors believe the outcome of the case could discourage other victims from coming forward.
A former Stanford student, who did not want to be named, told the BBC she had plenty of evidence to pursue a case but decided against it because she had no faith that the courts would punish her attacker appropriately.
"I commended the bravery of the woman in the Stanford case," the ex-student said. "To come forward and write that letter, and process what others feel but don't have a platform to say. She carried a lot of people on her back in writing that victim statement."
Image caption Julia and Fabiana appeared onstage with Lady Gaga at the Oscars
And for these survivors, that means at least something positive has come from the Stanford case.
More people are talking about the issues around rape and sexual assault. Breaking the silence is the first step in encouraging more people to come forward and pursue justice - whatever that looks like.
Follow Rajini Vaidyanathan on Twitter -@BBCRajiniv
This one is for the hardcore Metal Gear Solid fans. First4Figures has created a massive and highly detailed figure of Metal Gear Solid's legendary hero, Solid Snake. Snake stands a whopping 17.5 inches tall and is taking cover behind what's left of a stone wall holding his SOCOM pistol. The sculpting work on both the figure and the base are incredible. The process is detailed in a special documentary video released by First4Figures that you can check out below.
In addition to the figure and the base, also included is an alternate head sculpt. It's a costly figure at US$524.99, but it was masterfully created with the serious collector in mind. Snake is set to release in Quarter 3 of 2018, but you can pre-order now here:
Play-Asia
With the trade deadline quickly approaching, we take a look at three power forwards the Miami Heat could make a move for.
There are just 15 days remaining until the 2017 NBA trade deadline. The Miami Heat, currently one of the hottest teams in basketball, have reeled off 11 wins in a row. Thanks to that incredible run, they sit two games behind the Detroit Pistons for 8th-place in the Eastern Conference. So it's time to surmise: Is there a power forward out there that Pat Riley could potentially make a move for to help with a playoff push?
That's no knock on their current starter at the position — Luke Babbitt — by the way. Over his last 11 games, Babbitt is shooting 47 percent from three, with a plus/minus of plus-4.8. He may not be the driving force behind the winning streak, but he's certainly had a hand in it. However, even with his improved play, Babbitt has only averaged a meager 5.0 points and 2.8 rebounds in that span. He is simply a limited player, fit to do just one thing — shoot.
So if the Heat legitimately consider themselves playoff contenders, they need to get more out of their starting 4. Luckily, there are a few players at that spot rumored to be available for the right price. It's impossible to know if Miami will be buyers or sellers when the trade deadline arrives, but it's still fun to speculate.
Let's take a look at three power forwards the Heat could deal for in the next two weeks. (Sorry, no Blake Griffin's or Paul Millsap's. Those guys are way out of the Heat's price range. Whole point of this is to get a player — for cheap — who would help with a run at the playoffs. Not mortgage half the team away to get a superstar.)
Andy Little rescued a point for Rangers as they began life in Scottish Division Three with a draw at Peterhead.
Barrie McKay fired the visitors ahead midway through the first half.
Rory McAllister's composed second-half finish levelled matters and Scott McLaughlin's powerful strike edged the hosts ahead eight minutes from the end.
But the scores were all square again in the final minute when Little forced the ball over the line after Kevin Kyle's header had struck the bar.
The draw was certainly not the result the 4,500-strong capacity crowd were expecting as title favourites Rangers were given a rude awakening in the Scottish Football League's lowest division.
Rangers dominated possession early on, but it was the hosts who threatened first, McAllister's flicked header at a corner being cleared off the line by McKay.
McAllister should have done better than scoop the ball into Alexander's arms after getting the break of the ball in the box moments later.
McLaughlin's strike put Peterhead ahead before Little claimed a draw for Rangers
It was from a simple long ball that Ally McCoist's side took the lead as Dorin Goian's pass was nodded down by Lee McCulloch to McKay, who calmly slotted past Paul Jarvie.
McAllister's frustration in front of goal continued as he skewed his latest opportunity across the face of goal after the Rangers defence were caught cold at a free kick.
Media playback is not supported on this device Interview: Peterhead manager Jim McInally
The striker's curling shot was tipped onto the bar and out by Neil Alexander as Rangers continued to look sluggish in the second half.
And the former Inverness player did get his name on the scoresheet with arguably his most difficult chance of the match, turning away from Carlos Bocanegra in the box and calmly swerving a shot past Alexander.
Francisco Sandaza replaced McKay as Rangers looked to re-assert themselves and the Spaniard forced three saves from Jarvie, who also blocked a rebound shot by Dean Shiels after the third Sandaza effort.
McCulloch was next to test Jarvie with a stinging volley that the keeper punched clear.
However, Rangers then failed to deal with Ryan Strachan's corner and McLaughlin lashed the ball home with a rising shot from the edge of the box.
Media playback is not supported on this device Interview: Rangers manager Ally McCoist
McCoist's side went back on the attack and substitute Kyle's header from Shiels' corner struck the underside of the bar only to be nudged over the line by Little on the rebound.
Peterhead: Jarvie, Scott Ross, Strachan, MacDonald, Sharp,Redman, Cowie (Deasley 87), McLaughlin, Noble, Winters (Bavidge 58), McAllister (Maguire 83). Subs Not Used: McCallum, McBain.
Booked: MacDonald, Sharp, Cowie.
Goals: McAllister 64, McLaughlin 82.
Rangers: Alexander, Broadfoot, Goian, Bocanegra, Little, Black, Macleod (Kyle 82), Wallace, McCulloch, Shiels, McKay (Sandaza 65). Subs Not Used: Gallacher, Crawford, Hutton.
Booked: Black.
Goals: McKay 27, Little 90.
Att: 4,485
Ref: Stephen Finnie
I hope that you will forgive this ‘non food' post. I have been wanting to make this post ever since Christmas and I am thrilled that today is the day. Over the Christmas season my wife knit angry bird hats for our entire family! She is talented at so many different handmade projects. She knits, quilts, sews and so much more. My wife is really quite amazing. It always floors me how she can think of something in her head and works out how to create it and then – POOF! – there it is.
Angry Birds are all the rage in our house. The kids play the games (original, Rio, and Seasons), they draw and colour them and even play Angry Birds with Lego.
So these hats she made were pretty much all from her looking at pictures of the characters and then creating her own pattern. We would watch a show on TV and she would knit away. Since they were gifts for the kids, she could only work on them while they were asleep. Below are photos of each bird. I told Janna that she needs to post the patterns for these hats. Maybe that will happen in a future post.
Here is the red bird.
The yellow bird is likely my favourite bird in the game.
The blue bird is my daughter's hat. She just loves it!
The black bird is likely the most popular bird among our kids. They love him in the game.
The green pig. I have always wondered why Rovio made the pigs green.
I love the way the helmet pig turned out.
She is already working on future pigs. The orange pig is the current project.
Donald Trump would like voters to focus on the FBI's continuing investigation of Hillary Clinton's email server — but instead questions about his own legal troubles have been raised again.
Author Salman Rushdie reminded voters that Trump will stand trial later this month in a racketeering lawsuit and then again next month as part of a lawsuit filed by a woman who claims the Republican presidential nominee raped her when she was 13 years old.
“He is a sexual predator, hasn't released his tax returns, and has used his foundation's money to pay his legal fees,” Rushdie posted Sunday on his Facebook page. “He has abused the family of a war hero and … oh, but let's talk about some emails Hillary didn't send from someone else's computer, that weren't a crime anyway, because that's how to choose a president. Come on, America. Focus.”
RELATED: 10 Ways Trump Broke the Law and Got Away with It
Those explosive allegations against Trump haven't drawn as much attention as some other issues in this surreal presidential campaign, but Rushdie is correct.
Trump is, in fact, scheduled to face trials in the immediate weeks after Election Day in two separate lawsuits alleging criminal actions by the real estate developer and former reality TV star.
His campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, was forced to address the child rape allegations Monday morning on CNBC, but she waved those claims away as insignificant compared to Clinton's emails.
A woman filed a federal lawsuit in June alleging that Trump raped her in 1994, when she was 13, and threatened to harm her and her family if she talked.
The lawsuit claims Trump tied the girl to a bed, raped her as she begged him to stop, and then struck her in the face with his open hand and bellowed that he could do whatever he wanted.
She claims Trump and billionaire Jeffrey Epstein, lured her and other girls to lavish parties with promises of modeling careers and cash.
A second woman supported her allegations against Trump, saying Epstein had hired her to recruit other young women for his parties, and a third woman later came forward as a witness.
Trump threw parties like that of his own in the 1990s, according to former friends who recall seeing aspiring models as young using cocaine and drinking alcohol with rich, older men.
Epstein, a financier who was also friends with Bill and Hillary Clinton, was convicted in 2008 of soliciting an underage girl for prostitution and served 13 months of an 18-year prison term.
Trump, who has denied the lawsuit's claims, is scheduled to appear Dec. 16 for a status conference in the U.S. District Court of New York.
The woman filed a suit against Trump without an attorney earlier this year in California, but that case was dismissed on a technicality.
Trump's ex-wife accused him in a sworn deposition of raping her, although she later walked back those claims, and he can be heard boasting on a 2005 hot mic recording that he can get away with grabbing women by the genitals without consent because he is rich and famous.
At least 14 women have come forward since that recording was revealed to accuse Trump of sexually assaulting them over a period of decades.
Another lawsuit scheduled to begin a couple of weeks after Election Day accuses Trump of enriching himself by defrauding his admirers through Trump University.
Former students alleged they were duped into paying tens of thousands of dollars under the false promise that they would learn Trump's real estate strategies, but the candidate and his attorneys insist those students got their money's worth.
Trump has attacked U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is presiding over the case, as an impartial “hater” because of his “Mexican” heritage.
Trump promised to personally pick the faculty at Trump University — which was technically not an authorized university — but admitted under oath that he had no idea who the instructors were.
Students say they were pressured to buy grossly overpriced real estate seminars, CDs and DVDs, and the university — which New York later forced to change its name to Entrepreneur Initiative because it did not issue degrees — had no classes, teachers or buildings, reported Alternet.
Trump has unsuccessfully tried to get the case dismissed, saying most students were happy with their instruction, but former managers have testified in the case that Trump University was a “lie” and a “scheme.”
USA Today
Championship weekend could not have gone worse for the College Football Playoff selection committee, whose job went from difficult to very difficult after a chalky slate of games that left more questions than answers.
The top six teams from last week's poll—and the only six power-conference teams with one or fewer losses—all won their season finales, most taking care of business in convincing fashion. Each could make a very strong case for inclusion, but two will be left out.
So…what's the committee to do?
Does it simply let last week's rankings hold? That wouldn't be in its bylaws, according to Campus Insiders' Bonnie Bernstein, who reminded us that the committee starts from scratch each week:
Instead, the committee will weigh each team's merits based on an overall body of work, trying as best they can to keep bias from creeping into play. Essentially, they will try to zone out the name of each program and evaluate each case based on what they have seen on the field.
In a perfect world, they wouldn't have to know the team names at all.
Let's do our best to simulate that.
USA TODAY Sports
Below are some baseline numbers. It is each team's overall record, followed by which Top 25 teams it has beaten and the ranking of the team it has lost to (where applicable). Both of those ranking numbers refer to the Week 15 CFP standings released Tuesday evening.
The final number (in bold) refers to the F/+ rankings at Football Outsiders, a context-adjusted efficiency metric that some would call an "advanced stat." The F/+ ratings are a strong barometer of team performance, albeit one that is far from perfect. That is why we've used it as one of many variables instead of the ultimate factor.
The F/+ rankings, too, have not been updated to reflect Week 15.
Blind Resumes for Top Playoff Contenders Team Record F/+ Rank Top 25 Wins Who Beat Them? Team 1 11-1 4 9, 20 6 Team 2 12-1 3 7, 8, 15, 23 7 Team 3 12-1 2 8, 13 NR Team 4 13-0 8 11, 18, 21 – Team 5 11-1 11 3, 9, 20 NR Team 6 12-1 1 10, 16, 19, 24 12 Sources: Various
Like I said the last time I looked at blind resumes: Everyone who looks at this table sees something different because everyone who follows college football values something different.
What, for example, is more important: Good wins or bad losses? Neither answer is objectively correct. Both sides have merit, and each individual is tasked with doing their own mental calculus to decide.
Here is how I—subjectively—would rank these teams based on the numbers above (including their records) and nothing else:
Team 2 Team 6 Team 4 Team 1 Team 3 Team 5
My own subjective preference places a heavy emphasis on the F/+ ratings, which explains Team 6 ranking ahead of Team 4 and Team 3 ranking ahead of Team 5. You are well within your rights to disagree.
No matter what metric you value, however, there is no denying the obvious flaw of this table. As mentioned above, the rankings do not take Week 15 into account. The F/+ ratings won't be updated in time for the final standings, but let's do our best to rectify that:
Blind Resumes for Top Playoff Contenders – Week 15 Results Team Opponent F/+ Point Margin Yard Margin YPP Margin* Team 1 87 +52 +486 +5.47 Team 2 28 +38 +403 +3.00 Team 3 13 +59 +300 +6.73 Team 4 12 +2 +3 +1.06 Team 5 18 +11 +181 +0.62 Team 6 31 +29 +191 +2.46 Source: Various
*YPP = Yards Per Play
Well hello there, Team 3. Welcome to the party.
Here is how my rankings from above—the ones I have gone out of my way to call subjective—would change based on this new data:
Team 2 Team 3 Team 6 Team 4 Team 1 Team 5
But we still have one more table to go.
Using the data from Week 15, here is each team's statistical profile. This ignores records, although it doesn't, unfortunately, account for strength of opponent. If you need context, it might be best (although still not perfect) to compare these numbers with the Top 25 wins on the first table.
Blind Resumes for Top Playoff Contenders Team Points/Game Margin* Yards/Game Margin* Yards/Play Margin Team 1 +26.5 +182.7 +1.93 Team 2 +24.0 +131.7 +1.94 Team 3 +22.3 +179.6 +2.25 Team 4 +11.8 +54.9 +1.08 Team 5 +24.7 +213.7 +0.80 Team 6 +20.5 +181.2 +2.19 Source: Various
*Calculated by subtracting points, yards and yards per play allowed per game from points, yards and yards per play scored/gained per game.
Interesting.
If you only look at raw statistics, Team 4 and Team 5 are clearly the worst of the bunch. They are great but far from dominant, which makes them an outlier from the other four teams on the table.
Looking back at the previous table, this appears to line up with the F/+ ratings, which did not look favorably upon Team 4 and Team 5. It will have a higher opinion of those teams after beating quality opponents this weekend, but it still won't move them into the top four.
The only thing keeping Team 4 in the discussion is its undefeated record (I bet you can't guess who it is!). But in a blind resume exercise, I'll take the four teams that have been better, on paper, despite the fact that they have one more loss than Team 4.
Here are my final subjective ratings:
Team 2 Team 3 Team 6 Team 1 Team 4 Team 5
And now…to reveal their identities:
Oregon Ohio State Alabama TCU Florida State Baylor
They're curious things, these blind resumes. They don't spit out the results you expect. I do not want to peel back the curtain, but I can assure you this was not how I ordered my B/R Week 16 ballot.
Factors such as Florida State's perfect record—and, more importantly, the strength of the ACC—and Baylor's head-to-head win over TCU will have to be considered by the committee, won't they?
I guess we'll learn the answer on Sunday.
For now, chime in below and let us know how you would order the blind resumes. And remember…what we value is subjective.
There are no wrong opinions (except the ones I disagree with).
This week, the Senate is expected to vote on extension of the FISA Amendments Act (FAA). This is the law that was passed in 2008 to legalize a form of the National Security Agency's (NSA) warrantless wiretapping program. Unless Congress renews it, it will expire on December 31.
Under the FAA, the government may legally conduct broad scale foreign intelligence surveillance without obtaining any warrant, not even one from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC). Without any warrant requirement, the judicial review that the FISC must conduct under the FAA is minimal. The FAA only requires that foreign intelligence be a "significant purpose" of broad based surveillance programs. Moreover, rather than requiring any showing of individualized suspicion, the law allows the court to approve surveillance programs that target entire categories of people. To obtain FISC approval for monitoring of communications like phone calls and emails, the government need only provide the FISC with a description of the "targeting" and "minimization" procedures it will employ to reduce the number of U.S. persons (citizens and legal residents) whose communications are intercepted and minimize the amount of data which is stored unnecessarily. With this type of limited judicial review, the FISC may approve surveillance of broad categories of targets for a year at a time.
This past fall, The Constitution Project's Liberty and Security Committee released a Report on the FISA Amendments Act of 2008, urging a variety of reforms to the law in order to ensure that the FAA surveillance program incorporates strong privacy safeguards to avoid intrusions on Fourth Amendment rights. In its current form, the FAA simply requires that surveillance conducted under this authority must be targeted at non-U.S. persons who are located abroad; the government cannot deliberately target the communications of American citizens, legal U.S. residents, or individuals known to be located within the United States. However, as long as the target is a non-U.S. person located abroad, nothing in the law prevents the collection of communications where an American or someone located in the United States is on the other end of the conversation. As noted above, only minimal judicial review is required before conducting FAA surveillance, and once the government has collected such communications, there are almost no limits on how it may use this database of information. The government maintains that so long as the data are collected legally under the FAA authority, government agents may later use any communications involving Americans for any lawful purpose. This means that information about Americans obtained through warrantless surveillance under the FAA can later be used in criminal prosecutions against Americans even though the government was never required to obtain a warrant.
In the four years since enactment of the FAA, very little information has been provided to the public about how the government has actually used this surveillance authority or the extent to which communications involving an American on one end have been "incidentally" intercepted. In fact, the intelligence community has stated that it cannot even provide an estimate of the number of Americans whose communications have been intercepted under this program. Thirteen senators wrote last summer to the Director of National Intelligence requesting information on how many Americans have had their communications intercepted under the FAA, but they have not yet received an answer.
Such broad surveillance powers should not be reauthorized without a thorough examination of the operation of this program. The Senate should consider and adopt amendments to limit the intrusion of such far-reaching surveillance on Americans' constitutional rights. Most importantly, the Senate should adopt an amendment to require post-collection warrants. If the government, using FAA surveillance, "incidentally" collects the communications of U.S. persons because they are on the other end of a conversation with a non-U.S. person located abroad, the government should not be able to use the information about the U.S. person unless and until it obtains a warrant based on probable cause from the FISC at this point, post-collection. Senator Ron Wyden (D-Oregon), who is expected to offer such an amendment, has termed this the "back door search" problem. Although "incidental" collection of the communications of non-targeted Americans may be legal under the FAA, this should not provide a "back door" for warrantless wiretapping of Americans to be used for other purposes. Thus, the FAA should be amended to require the government to obtain a warrant before searching collected communication for information on a specific U.S. person.
In September, the House voted to extend the law for five more years, without any amendments and without much debate. The Senate should not rush through a similar extension, but should instead provide an opportunity to examine the law's operation and consider reforms to provide increased safeguards for civil liberties.
No one expects that Congress will let the law expire. It is unfortunate that consideration of extending the FAA has been left to the waning days of the congressional lame duck session, making a full and robust debate of these surveillance authorities unlikely. But, at a minimum, the Senate should debate and approve the back door search amendment and several others being offered to strengthen the safeguards for our constitutional rights.
According to reports in the Israeli press, planned talks between Israel and the US on a one-time, multi-billion dollar military aid package in “compensation” for US approval of the Iran nuclear deal remain on hold, with focus on a planned increase in annual military aid to Israel.
The US currently sends Israel $3.1 billion annually in military aid, and the increase is expected to bump this up by roughly another billion dollars. Such plans tend toward 20-year timeframes, meaning the spending will add up to $20 billion more.
US military aid by and large isn't cash, but rather credits used to purchase weapons from certain well-connected US arms makers, meaning the aid program amounts to a subsidy for both the Israeli military and for major US manufacturers.
Israeli DM Moshe Ya'alon is expected to visit the US next week for discussions on this aid hike, with expectations that a final deal on the bump would be announced during an upcoming visit by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Real Name: David Vernon Cox
Nicknames: No Known Nicknames
Location: Medfield, Massachusetts
Date: January 5, 1994
Case Edit
Details: Twenty-eight-year old U.S. Marine David Cox was stationed at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba in 1986. During this time, PFC William Alvarado, who was also at the base, wrote to his senator, informing him of Marine misconduct. Their platoon commander gave David and the others an implied order to commit hazing or a "Code Red" against Alvarado. One Saturday evening, David and nine other Marines went into Alvarado's room and blindfolded and gagged him. They took him to the bathroom where David started shaving his head. After about five minutes, they noticed that Alvarado was no longer struggling. David convinced the others to stop the hazing. At that point, it was discovered that he was unconscious; he was immediately rushed to the hospital. Alvarado recovered and his ten attackers were given various charges.
Don Marcari was appointed to defend David, who was charged with attempted murder. He claimed that he was following implied orders from his superior officers. Don, however, told him that the case would be difficult to win. David insisted that he fight the charges as he believed that he did nothing wrong. In the end, he was quite successful; he was convicted only of simple assault and sentenced to time already served in the brig. He then completed his hitch, received an honorable discharge, and returned to civilian life in his hometown near Boston, Massachusetts.
Six years later, the "Cod Red" incident was recreated and exaggerated in the movie, A Few Good Men. After the film was released, David became upset at how the story was inaccurately portrayed. He was also upset that the film's producers were making money off of the story. David and some of the other Marines involved in the "Code Red" filed suit against the movie production company. While the case was pending, David talked about his story on local radio shows.
By January of 1994, David and his girlfriend Elaine had moved in together. He was hoping that a temporary job with UPS would become permanent. He expected to hear about the job on January 5. Because of a back problem, he spent the night before on the couch. Elaine left at about 8:30AM; shortly before noon, she called home, but did not receive an answer. However, there was a message for David from UPS about the job. When Elaine called back at 1PM, he still did not answer. When she returned at 5:30PM, she found that David was not there. Strangely, all of the inside doors were opened and their rabbit was out of its cage. His truck was still in the driveway and the keys were in the ignition. He had left an un-cashed paycheck on the dashboard and his 9-millimeter gun in the glove box. However, no other trace of him was found.
As the days passed, his friends and family were certain that something had happened to him. Sadly, his body was found on April 2, 1994, along the banks of the Charles River in Medfield, Massachusetts, approximately five miles from his apartment. Investigators discovered that he had been shot once in the back of the neck and three times in the left side. His wallet was still in his back pocket, with cash and credit cards untouched. Based on this and other evidence, police have ruled out a random attack.
They believe that David got into a car willingly with an unidentified individual and that he walked with this person into the woods. Since he was found almost a mile into the woods, investigators believe that he was not led there at gunpoint and that the killer convinced him to come that far into the woods with him.
David's former military attorney Don Marcari believes that his murder may have been related to the military. He noted that David was wearing his Marine Corps jacket when he was killed, which he never normally wore. David's family believes that he may have talked too much about the movie and the military's activities in Cuba. Investigators, however, do not believe that the military was directly involved in David's death.
David's brother Steve believes that his death may have been related to David's job at UPS and a theft that occurred shortly before he vanished; the theft apparently involved a supervisor and a driver. However, no suspects have ever been identified, and the case remains unsolved.
Suspects: None known; investigators believe that David was killed by someone he knew. Some have speculated that his murder was related to the military, while other believe that it was related to his job at UPS.
Extra Notes: The case was featured as a part of the March 29, 1996 episode.
Results: Unsolved
Links:
The Leading Cricketer in the World in 2016
Virat Kohli
Kohli occupied a rarified realm of excellence in 2016 © AFP Kohli occupied a rarified realm of excellence in 2016
Back in July 2011, Virat Kohli spoke of his desire to become the batsman India's opposition "need to get out". It sounded an ambitious claim: he had just flopped in his maiden Test series, in the Caribbean, where he had been worked over by Fidel Edwards, and was left out of the squad for the subsequent tour of England.
Fast-forward to 2016, and Kohli was very much the man the opposition needed to get out. They just couldn't fathom how. No matter where they bowled, he seemed to have an answer. In a year when the Indian economy experienced more bumps than an autorickshaw ride, his stock rose steadily, with the odd dramatic spike. And his eventual figures were eye-popping.
In all three genres, Kolhi averaged more than anyone: 75 in Tests, 92 in one-dayers and a phenomenal 106 in Twenty20 internationals. His 51-ball unbeaten 82 at Mohali to send Australia home from the World T20 in March was one of the limited-overs performances of the year, typifying his Mastery of the chase. In 13 Twenty20 innings for India, he was undefeated seven times, and scored seven half-centuries. And by the end of 2016, his career average in all three formats was over 50. It needed something special to outshine team-mate and off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin, who was taking wickets by the bucketload and scoring useful runs too - but Kohli managed it.
When a young Sachin Tendulkar had reached the summit a couple of decades earlier, it had been no surprise. But Kohli was no wonder kid, and you might argue - though not too loudly in his home city of Delhi - that he isn't as naturally gifted as some of his peers. That he is now the complete package is testament to his will. Like a man possessed, he has simply forced his way to the top. And he is still only 28.
Take the 2014-15 Test series in Australia, which he began with a question mark hanging over his ability against seam bowling after struggling in England. Instead, he mastered the likes of Mitchell Johnson and Ryan Harris by daring to bat outside his crease, and finished with four hundreds. Then there was the 2016 IPL, which he started in the shadow of Bangalore team-mates Chris Gayle and AB de Villiers. Yet Kohli totalled 973 runs - 125 more than the next best, David Warner - and averaged 81, hitting four of the tournament's seven hundreds. And he did it all without obviously changing his game.
Where once his puppy fat was conspicuous, today he is the author and epitome of the body-over-mind revolution that has changed the way Indian cricketers prepare. His training videos are all the rage. He attributes his transformation in Test cricket to his approach to fitness, embracing boredom off the field to ensure entertainment on it. It was no coincidence that, in 2016, he turned three of his four Test hundreds into doubles.
Whatever the scenario, Kohli knew what he had to do. Against West Indies in Antigua, he took the game by its scruff and scored 200. Against New Zealand at Indore, he curbed his natural instincts and compiled a patient 211.
Against England at Mumbai, he hit a breathtaking 235, and finished a series he had bent to his will with an average of 109. That innings marked him out as Tendulkar's heir, but he was not finished: in February 2017, against Bangladesh at Hyderabad, he became the first to score a double-century in four successive Test series, beating Don Bradman and Rahul Dravid, who managed three.
Being India's captain - and Kohli is now in total charge, after MS Dhoni stepped down as skipper of the white-ball teams in January 2017 - is akin to being a reality star. He lives his life in the public eye, the cameras always turned towards him, the scrutiny never-ending. Yet Kohli has thrived. By the time England left India nursing a 4-0 defeat, he averaged almost 64 as captain, the best for an Indian, with Tendulkar's 51 a far-off second. And he capped his gargantuan year with the bat by warding off rumours on social media about his engagement to a Bollywood star, treating the gossip as he had every overpitched delivery during the preceding 12 months: with disdain.
A lack of runs in England remains the only blip on his CV, as Jimmy Anderson had the temerity to suggest during the Mumbai Test. The reaction next morning of Ashwin, who questioned Anderson's sanity as he walked out to bat in the game's dying moments, said something about Kohli's standing among his team-mates. And it would take an equally brave man to bet against him setting the record straight when India return to England in 2018.
© John Wisden & Co
feardragon Profile Blog Joined October 2010 United States 864 Posts Last Edited: 2013-11-15 06:03:40 #1
XT Jowj - The Tactician
Hailing from Texas in the United States, Josiah "Jowj" Ledbetter is the kind of guy you want to hop on skype with at the end of the day and chill with. If his bandanna didn't automatically give him coolness points like it did for Complexity's QXC, his easy-going demeanor and laid back attitude would win you over. As you talk more and more with him, you get a sense of what a chill guy he is, but also how honest of a guy he is. In my life, I've met a lot of nice people, and a lot of honest people. Jowj is one of the few members of this world that I've had the privilege of meeting that's both.
Coming from the team Xtraterrestrials, a new comer to the Starcraft 2 scene, Jowj embodies the essence of "up and coming" in a multitude of ways. While working full time as a server tech (which he describes as "doing stuff with computers"), he's been working his way up through various semi-pro team leagues and events. It wasn't long before he easily won over my heart. I knew he was going to be one of my favorite players to watch after witnessing him all kill a team in the URTL.
While he maintains a very laid back demeanor, Jowj is a Tactician at heart when it comes to the game. When you watch Jowj, you quickly realize he's not afraid to do things that others would shy away from, if not declare outright crazy. His trademark ability to land baneling landmines on an unsuspecting Terran army and ability to make something like using a proxy hatchery in the middle of the map as an unkillable creep tumor against hellions demonstrate his investment in the tactics he has in his arsenal that you have to be ready for. When you're playing Jowj, it's not necessarily just about the general unit composition he's going for. You have to worry about the small things now. Did he research burrow? Would he dare to research drop and sick 12 lings in my base when I move out? These are the kinds of questions you have to ask yourself as you descend in to paranoia, or you'll soon find yourself taking massive blows for neglecting the possibility.
If you want to root for an underdog that has a great fighting chance, Jowj is your man. Facing off against players like Fnatic's Hellokitty, Clarity's SaroVati and ROOT SEED's Arium, who are all on fairly established teams have have a bit more exposure, Jowj is going to have a lot to prove for his team Xtraterrestrials and for himself. But anyone who underestimates him is going to be making a critical mistake. I've seen Jowj decimate grand-masters in such glorious fashions that even Abathur would be jealous.
His Group
But where his mind is strong, he finds weakness in his early game control. Jowj has expressed his concern with his handling early game aggression, particularly in ZvZ. In his group he's going to be facing off against the very aggressive Protoss player, Fnatic Hellokitty. It's going to be a difficult matchup but if he can get to the later game, he'll feel much more secure about his chances. Given that he can defeat Hellokitty in his first series, he will likely be rooting for ROOT SEED's Bones, a much more defensive Protoss, to win over the Zerg, JonSnow, just to avoid the early game ZvZ shenanigans. I'm interested to see what he'll come up with and what he'll be preparing for his group!
Beware the Bandanna. Beware the Tactician.
Learn more about the Breakout Invitational here!
Find out more about Xtraterrestrials' JowJ in his Breaking Out Episodes!
You can also catch Jowj and his team over at:
Follow JowJ on twitch over at
And follow him on Twitter over at
Follow his team, Xtraterrestrials on Twitter at
https://twitter.com/XTstarcraft
Like the team on facebook too!
https://www.facebook.com/Xtraterrestrials
Follow JowJ on twitch over at http://www.twitch.tv/jjled3406/ And follow him on Twitter over at https://twitter.com/jjledsc Follow his team, Xtraterrestrials on Twitter atLike the team on facebook too!
Also be sure to check out our sponsor, the Let's Kung Fu Podcast for SC2 and Hearthstone!
Hailing from Texas in the United States, Josiah "Jowj" Ledbetter is the kind of guy you want to hop on skype with at the end of the day and chill with. If his bandanna didn't automatically give him coolness points like it did for Complexity's QXC, his easy-going demeanor and laid back attitude would win you over. As you talk more and more with him, you get a sense of what a chill guy he is, but also how honest of a guy he is. In my life, I've met a lot of nice people, and a lot of honest people. Jowj is one of the few members of this world that I've had the privilege of meeting that'sComing from the team Xtraterrestrials, a new comer to the Starcraft 2 scene, Jowj embodies the essence of "up and coming" in a multitude of ways. While working full time as a server tech (which he describes as "doing stuff with computers"), he's been working his way up through various semi-pro team leagues and events. It wasn't long before he easily won over my heart. I knew he was going to be one of my favorite players to watch after witnessing him all kill a team in the URTL.While he maintains a very laid back demeanor,when it comes to the game. When you watch Jowj, you quickly realize he's not afraid to do things that others would shy away from, if not declare outright crazy. His trademark ability to land baneling landmines on an unsuspecting Terran army and ability to make something like using a proxy hatchery in the middle of the map as an unkillable creep tumor against hellions demonstrate his investment in the tactics he has in his arsenal that you have to be ready for. When you're playing Jowj, it's not necessarily just about the general unit composition he's going for. You have to worry about the small things now. Did he research burrow? Would he dare to research drop and sick 12 lings in my base when I move out? These are the kinds of questions you have to ask yourself as you descend in to paranoia, or you'll soon find yourself taking massive blows for neglecting the possibility.If you want to root for an underdog that has a great fighting chance, Jowj is your man. Facing off against players like Fnatic's Hellokitty, Clarity's SaroVati and ROOT SEED's Arium, who are all on fairly established teams have have a bit more exposure,for his team Xtraterrestrials and for himself. But anyone who underestimates him is going to be making a critical mistake. I've seen Jowj decimate grand-masters in such glorious fashions that even Abathur would be jealous.But where his mind is strong, he finds weakness in his early game control. Jowj has expressed his concern with his handling early game aggression, particularly in ZvZ. In his group he's going to be facing off against the very aggressive Protoss player, Fnatic Hellokitty. It's going to be a difficult matchup but if he can get to the later game, he'll feel much more secure about his chances. Given that he can defeat Hellokitty in his first series, he will likely be rooting for ROOT SEED's Bones, a much more defensive Protoss, to win over the Zerg, JonSnow, just to avoid the early game ZvZ shenanigans. I'm interested to see what he'll come up with and what he'll be preparing for his group! Garbage Starcraft 2 Commentator
Further to the news of the new Necron release due out on May 5th 2012, we have some new details on box contents and some Finecast Space Marines due out at the same time.
Here's the updated list:
Triarch Stalker - Full Plastic Kit (1 per box)
- Full Plastic Kit (1 per box) Tomb Blade - Full Plastic Kit (3 per box)
- Full Plastic Kit (3 per box) Canoptek Wraith - Full Plastic Kit (3 per box)
- Full Plastic Kit (3 per box) Canoptek Spyder - Full Plastic Kit (1 per box)
- Full Plastic Kit (1 per box) Nemesor Zahndrekh - Finecast
- Finecast Vargard Obyron - Finecast
- Finecast Illuminor Szeras - Finecast
- Finecast Destroyer Lord Upgrade Pack - Finecast Bits
- Finecast Bits Heavy Destroyer Upgrade Pack - Finecast Bits
If you're a Vanilla Space Marine player, then you might be interested in the Finecast release of the Legion of the Damned models, plus a Finecast version of Chief Librarian Tigarius... although if you're not a Marine player... you probably don't care.
UPDATE: So Images have started to break on the forums here's the scoop on Warseer.
Loving the Stalker and the Spyders are awesome!
What do you guys think?
The Scot was convicted of kidnapping and murdering four young girls between 1981 and 1986.
Robert Black: Died in prison.
Notorious child killer Robert Black has died in prison in Northern Ireland.
The killer, from Grangemouth, was convicted of kidnapping and murdering four girls aged between five and 11 between 1981 and 1986.
At least three of the girls had been raped or sexually assaulted.
In 1994, Black was found guilty of three unsolved child murders in the 1980s - those of 11-year-old Susan Maxwell, from the Scottish Borders, five-year-old Caroline Hogg, from Edinburgh, and Sarah Harper, ten, from Morley, near Leeds - as well as a failed abduction bid in Nottingham in 1988.
Black's reign of terror was ended in 1990 when he was caught red-handed by police with a barely alive six-year-old girl hooded, bound, gagged and stuffed in a sleeping bag in the back of his van in the Scottish village of Stow. He had sexually assaulted her moments earlier.
A 1994 trial found him guilty of the three murders. A judge sentenced him to life and said he should serve at least 35 years in prison.
In 2012, he returned to the dock and was found guilty of the 1981 murder of nine-year-old Jennifer Cardy, from Ballinderry, Co Antrim. He was also suspected of involvement in other killings.
Black, who was 68, died on Tuesday at Maghaberry Prison near Lisburn.
A NI Prison Service spokeswoman said: "The Prison Service has confirmed that a 68-year-old prisoner has died at Maghaberry Prison.
"While this is not being treated as suspicious, the Prison Service has informed the PSNI, coroner, and prisoner ombudsman. It would not be appropriate to comment further at this time."
Mr. Abu Zaid and Mr. Malek then joined the official celebration in Tahrir Square, kissing officers and posing for photos with them on the same ground where tens of thousands of Egyptians had fought pitched battles with the security forces five years ago.
After the video was posted online and its satirical intentions were clear, a senior police officer asked prosecutors on Tuesday to charge the pranksters. Mr. Abu Zaid released a statement defending his right “to address social issues in a comedic way,” and complained of threats against him posted on a pro-police Facebook group.
“The Constitution of the Republic of Egypt that was approved in 2014 explicitly protects the freedom of speech and creativity, and holds all bodies of state up to the duty of protecting those expressing their opinion and creativity, not to terrorize and threaten them with abduction and torture,” Mr. Abu Zaid said in the statement.
On Saturday, two days before the anniversary of the Tahrir uprising, Mr. Abu Zaid had uploaded a documentary with images from the protests on that date in 2011 to his YouTube channel.
A statement issued by the television show to which Mr. Abu Zaid contributes denounced his prank as “insulting and unacceptable.” The satirical program is hosted by a puppet named Abla Fahita, who two years ago was the subject of a bizarre investigation by prosecutors after a pro-military blogger accused the puppet of sending coded messages to Islamist terrorists in an ad for a mobile phone company.
CLOSE A man has been arrested for firing a gun while in the midst of the crowd at August's 'Unite the Right' rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. USA TODAY
A still from ACLU of Virginia video. (Photo11: Twitter/@ACLUVA)
A 52-year-old Baltimore man who allegedly fired a gun within a crowd at the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va., earlier this month was arrested by police on Saturday.
Charlottesville police identified Richard Wilson Preston as the man seen in a video published Saturday by the ACLU of Virginia, per CNN, in which a man walking among protestors and counter-protestors at the city's Emancipation Park draws a pistol and fires amid the crowd.
Before doing so, the man, sporting a bandana and a tactical vest, appears to yell, "Hey, (N-word)!"
See the footage in the tweet below:
WATCH: Man fired at another person in Charlottesville on Aug. 12. We handed 📹 to LE agencies. The man has been arrested & charged w a crime. pic.twitter.com/0vrXq4zNC0 — ACLU of Virginia (@ACLUVA) August 26, 2017
In 2013, a bandana-sporting, Baltimore-area man named Richard Preston served as a Klu Klux Klan imperial wizard, arguing that the KKK was not racist but simply wanted to "stop Barack Obama," as he said at a county meeting that year. He wore a white hood in the appearance.
"We're going to do this all over America nonstop," he said at the meeting. "We're not going to stop."
The Preston arrested on Saturday now faces a charge of discharging a firearm within 1,000 feet of a school, according to CNN, a felony that could lead to 10 years in prison.
Preston was being held at the Baltimore County Detention Center after his arrest in Maryland, the Baltimore Sun reported, following a fugitive warrant issued in Virginia.
Preston apparently worked as a maintenance man at an all-girls school in Baltimore from 1996 to 2001, according to the Sun. On Sunday, the Bryn Mawr School issued a comment condemning Preston's alleged ties and actions as "hatred" and "racism."
The ACLU handed its footage of the Charlottesville incident to the FBI on Aug. 17, distributing it to state and local authorities in the days later, the newspaper reported. Attempts by news organizations to reach Preston on Sunday proved unsuccessful.
Follow Josh Hafner on Twitter: @joshhafner
More: KKK leader Richard Preston: We're not a hate group
CLOSE A man who is suspected of firing a gun at counterprotesters during the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, earlier this month has been arrested. USA TODAY
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2wMRuNG
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— Gov. Pat McCrory on Tuesday defended an executive order he signed this week that granted workplace protections against discrimination to a number of state workers but left out those who are gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered.
"Insisting on nondiscrimination will strengthen our state and demonstrate that we value diversity of thought and each of our citizens' unique backgrounds," McCrory said in a news release announcing the order.
The order instructs state agencies that they must give an equal shot at hiring and may not discriminate against employees based on age, gender, religion and other factors. However it leaves off LGBT workers, which prompted criticism from Equality North Carolina, an equal rights group.
"Any executive order ensuring 'equal opportunities' that excludes protections for gay and transgender North Carolinians not only flies in the face of fairness but also discourages fair-minded people from working for the state," said the group's director, Chris Sgro. "In turn, we insist that the governor revisit his views on equal employment opportunities to include protections for North Carolina's hardworking gay and transgender employees -- all of whom can currently be fired for reasons that have nothing to do with job performance. Until then, the governor's gesture toward inclusivity will be just that."
Asked about the groups criticism and why he left LGBT workers out of the order, McCrory said he was merely following the example set by previous governors.
"It does mirror federal regulation. It does mirror state law. And it does mirror the previous governors who have signed similar orders, including Gov. Perdue, Gov. Easley and Gov. Martin before me," McCrory said.
Pressed as to why gay and lesbian people were left out of that order, McCrory said, "It's my job to follow state law, and I will add that, as governor, I will not put up with any kind of discrimination. We deal with employees based upon their work performance and their work performance only. That's the type of policies I've exhibited as governor, and I will continue to exhibit those policies."
Jen Jones, communications and outreach director for Equality NC, pointed out that state law does protect LGBT students enrolled in K-12 schools against bullying and that recently President Barack Obama directed his staff to draft an executive order that prohibits discrimination against LGBT employees in the federal workforce or by federal contractors.
Regardless of what other governors have done, Jones said, McCrory should extend state protections now.
"This was a big missed opportunity," she said.
The flap over this order comes a week after a senior state House leader make remarks considered offensive to LGBT people as part of a debate that ultimately lead to protections for students enrolling in charter schools.
The family of one of the victims in the Washington Navy Yard shooting filed a lawsuit Wednesday against two federal government agencies and two government contractors alleging that they failed to secure the Southeast D.C. facility and failed to respond appropriately to the myriad signs of mental health issues the shooter exhibited in the months and years before the massacre.
The 96-page complaint — filed in federal court in Florida on behalf of the family of Mary Frances DeLorenzo Knight — is the first lawsuit in the wake of the September shooting rampage carried out by a gunman who had an all-access security pass to the military installation. Knight, a computer scientist from Reston, was one of a dozen people gunned down by Aaron Alexis at the Navy Yard.
Knight's family members had filed a claim last month essentially announcing their intention to sue the government; the suit itself, which names the Navy, the Department of Veterans Affairs and two government contractors as defendants, is the next step in the legal process. Like the claim, the suit is a detailed recitation of Alexis's troubled past that Knight's attorneys say should have served as ample warning.
Sidney L. Matthew, an attorney for the Knight family, said while the facts are detailed, the case itself is “simple.” The U.S. government and its various contractors should have noticed the many warning signs of Alexis's instability before issuing him a security clearance. And failing that, they should have installed a metal detector at the Navy Yard to prevent someone from getting inside with a gun.
“It's a simple negligence,” Matthew said.
Get updates on your area delivered via e-mail.
SINGAPORE - The general manager and secretary of Ang Mo Kio Town Council (AMKTC) has been removed from his duties and is under investigation by the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB).
Mr Victor Wong, who works for CPG Facilities Management, the managing agent of the town council, was asked to go on leave by his company after the town council received a complaint about him in September, town council chairman Ang Hin Kee told The Straits Times on Thursday (Dec 29).
He added that the case had been referred to the CPIB and Mr Wong was removed from his positions at the town council last month.
An acting general manager, Mr Lim Kian Chiong, has been appointed to replace him, according to a notice published last month in the Government Gazette.
Mr Lim is also an employee of CPG Facilities Management, contracted to manage the estate.
Mr Ang, who is an MP for Ang Mo Kio GRC, said the town council received a complaint in September about Mr Wong concerning "the way he handles contracts and dealings in the town council".
He added that the complaint "arose out of his dealings which relates to probable behaviour needing investigation done by CPIB".
"Needless to say, the town council ourselves will render all the assistance needed to ensure zero tolerance for corruption," said Mr Ang.
"There's responsibility on the part of our contractors to do the job properly, if they do it inappropriately then we will take follow-up actions with regards to getting them replaced (and) sending the case for investigation, making sure the necessary steps are taken."
Mr Ang declined to reveal details about the case, citing ongoing investigations, but said that the town council constantly reminded its staff to declare any interests concerning tenders that the town council was awarding.
Staff from the managing agent were also reminded that "if there are declarations to be made, if there are interests to declare, the people involved (must) make those declarations", he said.
He added that the MPs of the GRC had made it a point to personally check on projects performed by its contractors, "so not 100 per cent is done by the managing agent with no oversight".
AMKTC is responsible for the housing estates in Ang Mo Kio GRC, which is helmed by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
Mr Ang said that activities on the ground in the town council were unaffected by the development.
"We have made sure that people on the ground, the staff and officers on the ground continue to do their work properly supervised," he said.
Mr Wong could not be reached for comment on Thursday evening.
James Collins had an impressive game in the West Ham defence
Swansea City remain in the Premier League relegation zone after they were held by a West Ham side who recorded a third straight goalless draw.
The managerless Swans dominated the first half as Ki Sung-yueng and Andre Ayew missed good chances.
Jack Cork had a spectacular volley saved by Adrian after the break, while Swansea appealed in vain for a penalty for a James Collins handball.
Swansea stays 18th, two points from safety, while West Ham remain eighth.
Relive Swansea's 0-0 draw with West Ham
The Hammers had to settle for a fifth draw from six Premier League games, but the result will have been frustrating for the Swans, who have now won only one of their last 13 league matches.
Swans managerless but improving
Nikica Jelavic's first start for West Ham was a frustrating one, as he was limited to three touches in the opposition penalty area
With Swansea still searching for a successor to sacked manager Garry Monk, caretaker boss Alan Curtis was in charge for a second time.
Despite losing five of their previous six games, his side started with a pace and purpose belying their lowly league standing.
Swansea seemed to have recaptured their passing mastery of old but, with Ki's low drive blocked by Adrian and Ayew firing wide, they were guilty of a familiar failure to make their dominance count.
Goal-shy Hammers
While Swansea's recent poor form had led to Monk's dismissal, West Ham were enduring a wobble of their own, having failed to win their last six league games.
Both their previous outings had ended 0-0, and Slaven Bilic's side lacked an attacking threat as they spent the majority of the match in their own half.
The Hammers were limited to two long-range attempts at goal from Mauro Zarate, both saved by Lukasz Fabianski.
Bodies on the line
Although West Ham lacked inspiration in attack, they defended stoutly.
Adrian made a fine save to push away Cork's whistling 20-yard volley, while centre-back Collins made a brave block to deny Ki.
Swansea's players thought the Wales defender had handled the ball, but referee Lee Mason dismissed their protests.
Man of the match - James Collins
The former Cardiff centre-back was kept busy by a dominant Swansea display, making numerous timely clearances and a handful of bloody-minded blocks.
What they said
Swansea City caretaker-manager Alan Curtis:
"I thought we played well. In terms of the possession we looked like the kind of Swansea team we've seen over the last couple of seasons, but we possibly lacked a cutting edge up front.
"We said the season started last week for us. At Manchester City we were a lot better, and that today was certainly better than the last few home games.
"I don't think we are a bottom three side. We are there, but in the quality of the last two performances, whoever does come in will be confident they can lift us up the table.
"For now, we have to prepare as normal. We will carry on until the chairman and the board tell us otherwise."
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic:
"It's a good point for us. I want to praise my team because they showed great spirit.
"It was a good collective performance. Exactly what I said when those injuries hit us big time a few weeks ago, the only way we can compensate is with teamwork.
"That is exactly what we've done in the last three games. Three clean sheets and three points. I really want to praise the guys."
The stats you need to know
Swansea kept a clean sheet for the first time since September in the Premier League, ending a run of 10 games without one.
West Ham have drawn three successive league games 0-0 for the first time in their history.
The last Premier League team to do that were Burnley in September 2014 (also three games).
The Swans have won none of their last seven Premier League home games at Liberty Stadium (D4 L3), failing to score in five of those matches.
West Ham have won three and lost none of their last six Premier League games against Swansea.
West Ham managed just 239 passes in total in this match, the lowest total they've mustered this campaign.
What next?
Swansea host West Brom on 26 December, with Albion just five points above the Swans, while West Ham are at bottom-of-the-table Aston Villa.
Hillary Clinton's allegedly formidable advantage among minority voters in South Carolina, Nevada, and elsewhere is being questioned—and tested—as people of color are increasingly coming forth to reject being treated as a political "firewall" for her campaign.
Following Clinton's significant loss to rival Bernie Sanders in New Hampshire on Tuesday night, campaign manager Robby Mook sent a memo to supporters suggesting that Clinton's "high levels of support in the African American and Hispanic communities" should all but guarantee her the Democratic nomination.
"It will be very difficult, if not impossible, for a Democrat to win the nomination without strong levels of support among African American and Hispanic voters," Mook wrote. "Hillary's high levels of support in the African American and Hispanic communities are well known. She has maintained a wide double digit lead over Sen. Sanders among minority voters in national surveys and in states where African American and Hispanic voters make up a large share of the electorate. That type of support was not created overnight; it has been forged over more than 40 years of fighting for and alongside communities of color. They know her, trust her and are excited about her candidacy."
The release of the memo spurred wide rebuke from voters, including New York Daily News columnist and Black Lives Matter activist Shaun King, who wrote online: "Hey Black & Latino voters, Did YOU get the Hillary memo asking you to save her campaign?"
King, who openly supports Sanders, has previously said that he "fundamentally reject[s]" the notion of an African American firewall and finds it "insulting on its face."
As the Huffington Post pointed out, others swiftly followed suit, specifically highlighting the former secretary of state's support of the 1994 crime bill passed during husband Bill Clinton's presidency.
@politicoroger you tell Robby Mook this black voter is not excited about her candidacy or her campaign. #feelthebern — Tori Griffin (@torigriffin) February 10, 2016
@politicoroger tell hillary we are not her firewall we know it's not about Obama legacy is 3rd term Clinton presidency — richdoll (@richdoll54) February 10, 2016
@politicoroger Please convey to Robbie Mook that we are not her firewall. No more #PrisonIndustrialComplex. — JadeinNM (@Jadeinnm) February 10, 2016
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Meanwhile, Michelle Alexander, author of the groundbreaking book "The New Jim Crow," published a column in The Nation on Wednesday—titled Why Hillary Clinton Doesn't Deserve the Black Vote—which directly questions the assumption that the black vote is "in her back pocket" as the primary season moves forward.
Pointing to Clinton's historic tough-on-crime stances as well as her support for policies that expanded mass incarceration, escalated the War on Drugs, and crippled the welfare system, Alexander writes that it seems black voters "are eager to get played again."
"If you listen closely here, you'll notice that Hillary Clinton is still singing the same old tune in a slightly different key," she continues. "She is arguing that we ought not be seduced by Bernie's rhetoric because we must be 'pragmatic,' 'face political realities,' and not get tempted to believe that we can fight for economic justice and win. When politicians start telling you that it is "unrealistic" to support candidates who want to build a movement for greater equality, fair wages, universal healthcare, and an end to corporate control of our political system, it's probably best to leave the room."
Alexander notes that "this is not an endorsement for Bernie Sanders," however, she adds that "there is such a thing as a lesser evil, and Hillary is not it."
On Wednesday, Sanders had breakfast with Rev. Al Sharpton, a leading figure in the African American community. The Daily Beast's Goldie Taylor notes that "by meeting with Sharpton at Sylvia's Restaurant—the very place then-Sen. Barack Obama sat down with the preacher in 2008—Sanders is sending a message to Clinton forces: Don't sleep."
In South Carolina, where as of January 21, Clinton held a 63 to 33 percent lead over Sanders, the senator from Vermont senator has proved himself increasingly capable of winning support from the state's sizable and influential black electorate.
What's more, as the Boston Globe reported this week, "He is airing ads on black radio stations about his record of fighting racism, from his college years to his career in the Senate, and in favor of criminal justice reform. His campaign is paying more than 100 black organizers $15 an hour—the national minimum wage he is advocating for—to go door to door. Half of his South Carolina team had previously worked on Barack Obama's 2008 and 2012 campaigns."
Longtime state legislator Gilda Cobb-Hunter said, "What Sanders is doing here has forced the Clinton campaign to step up their game and understand that they cannot take the voters of this state for granted."
Not just for war: how drones can be used for good
As technology advances and becomes safer, we will see increasing numbers of UAVs and robotic aircraft being used for civilian applications, says Salah Sukkarieh (centre).
It's becoming rare to see or hear coverage of combat and conflict without the mention of unmanned "drones" and their use in targeted killings.
The subject rated a mention in last year's US presidential debates between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney - in which Romney supported Obama's use of drones on terror targets in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
US senator Rand Paul held the Senate floor for almost 13 hours earlier this month to discuss the potential for the use of lethal drones on American soil.
It is an extremely emotive topic.
With all forms of technology, its value depends on its use and who is using it. And so it is with drones, which over the past 10 years have enjoyed an ever-growing presence in civilian applications.
What's in a name?
The term "drone" is hardly ever used these days by those who work on their development. The origin of the term is unknown: some say it is because of the low, humming noise they make; others say its based on experiments conducted in Britain in the 1930s.
The original term was "pilotless airplane", which then moved on to "drone", and then to "remotely piloted vehicles" (RPV) in the 1970s, and "unmanned aircraft" (UMA) in the 1980s.
Currently, the most popular term is "unmanned air vehicle" (UAV); if one wants to consider the whole system (including communication, ground station and supporting human roles) it's an "unmanned air system" (UAS).
"Robotic aircraft" (RA) is another term bandied around to represent the growing trend in developing UAVs with greater levels of situational awareness and intelligence. Confusion will linger for some time.
Civilian applications
The Unmanned Aircraft Systems Roadmap published by the US Department of Defence suggests almost US$20 billion has been devoted to UAS since 2005. As with other technologies, the significant amount of spending the military has put towards new platforms, autopilots, better on-board battery systems and smaller surveillance systems has had a positive impact on UAVs in civilian applications.
Ten years ago, if a university wanted to develop UAVs for civilian applications, the development of the platform, electronics, flight-control laws, sensor, ground station and its software and communication all had to be done in-house, tending towards a multi-year, multi-million dollar program.
Today, this whole system can be purchased as an off-the-shelf UAV platform with auto take-off and landing, up to a four-hour flight duration, along with imaging sensors, for less than A$100,000 - ready to use.
Even cheaper platforms with less capability can be obtained for A$40,000. And let's not forget the latest trend in multi-rotor UAVs that can be bought and flown the next day for A$2,000-A$10,000 (albeit with only a few minutes of flight time and a low sensing capability - but sometimes the sensor can be worth more than the UAV platform).
Arguably, the media's growing interest in "drone journalism" could be seen as a good thing, although this could be a double-edged sword. In 2011, Nine Networks 60 Minutes came under fire after screening footage taken by an "unmanned surveillance drone" over a detention camp on Christmas Island. We can expect to see much more of this.
UAVs and robotic aircraft are currently being used for tracking animals, weather monitoring, detecting and tracking poachers, and in agriculture to measure the health of trees and soil.
For the applications mentioned above, small UAV systems are used, however sophisticated. But there have been direct purchases of what are "off-the-shelf" military platforms used for combating drug trafficking, and bushfire monitoring.
Australian-specific uses
UAVs for civilian applications have a proud history in Australia. In fact, for many years, Australia has had some of the most liberal aviation rules for these systems.
Our best known example is the Laima UAV - built, tested and flown by the Melbourne-based company Aerosonde. In August 1998, it was the first robotic aircraft to fly across the North Atlantic.
The original concept was conceived by the Bureau of Meteorology Research Centre in Melbourne, with the objective of building a UAV that could collect weather data.
There are ongoing trials to use UAVs to chase criminals, for search and rescue, and in mining, invasive weed detection and agriculture:
Restrictions
There are many restrictions already in place on UAV technology to prevent its misuse. The two main ones relate to the autopilot and the capability of those in ultimate control of the platform.
The autopilot comprises of sensors (usually accelerometers, gyroscopes and GPS) and algorithms that can estimate the position, velocity and attitude of the platform. Those estimates are then sent to the flight control algorithms that both stabilise the platform and provide the guidance laws for motion between different locations.
With increasing sensor accuracy, and better flight-control laws, one can develop very-high precision flight manoeuvres. For this reason, autopilots are restricted through ITAR (International Traffic in Arms Regulations) agreements.
As for who is allowed to fly a UAV for civilian purposes, the best place to start is our own Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA).
CASA has been recognised as being forward-thinking by many similar bodies around the world, and has allowed Australia to advance this type of technology more than many other countries. The Civil Aviation Safety Regulations Part 101 outlines the approval steps required for an individual or organisation to develop, test and use any UAV for civilian applications.
Gaining approval to use a UAV in Australia - even remotely close to any civilian population - involves extensive hurdles. As illustrated by the examples above, almost all civilian UAV use in Australia is undertaken away from populated regions.
But as the technology advances and becomes safer, we will see increasing numbers of UAVs and robotic aircraft being used for civilian applications.
So keep your eyes on the skies - you never know when a UAV might be coming to help you!
Salah Sukkarieh is a professor in robotics in the Faculty of Engineering and Information Technologies.
Media enquiries: Katie Szittner, 02 9351 2261, 0478 316 809, katie.szittner@sydney.edu.au
A traffic-light system to “influence” young unmarried males in Libya (source: Nudgestock 2 Festival, at 13:32).
To facilitate discussion, I will label all these dashboards. The first three, Dashboards A, B and C, appeared in the header to this post. Dashboard D — right above — bears the SCL Group logo, and seems very similar to Dashboard A, except that it is censored differently. We can recover from Dashboard A that Dashboard D concerns Libya, Prime Minister Zeidan (November 2012 — March 2014), the General National Congress, Gaddafi and Qatar (as a common enemy). We have in Dashboard D a map of the behavioural parameters for Young Unmarried Males in Libya, with a detailed outline of the behaviours the U.S. sought to measure in order to influence that audience. Who knew the Nudgestock Festival could be such a good source of information?! [3] There are two ways to understand the quantitative information on each scale of dashboards A and D. Each time, there is a point with two tick marks, and a second, separate point. The first possibility is that the point and tick mark could indicate information about the whole population, while the additional point is for the specific audience. The second possibility is that the point and tick mark indicate this specific audience with its variation, and the additional point is for outcome desired by the U.S. Since the first option brings a lot of useless redundancy in those dashboards, I believe the second option is correct. If that is true, it would have some large consequences: the U.S. wanting to instil pride in Libya within that audience, but also stoke anger against existing institutions (Prime Minister, General National Congress), the Old Regime, and Qatar, the common enemy. It would also seek to stoke fears within that audience: of corruption, international theft (away from Libya), and generally a lack of security (for their family).
Dashboards E and F. Source: “Using target Audience Analysis to aid strategic level decisionmaking”
You likely have heard people use the word "Namaste" as a greeting often with their hands held together and with a slight bow. Usually is it associated with the eastern traditions such as Hinduism and Buddhism. Loosely translated from the Sanskrit it means "The God in me recognizes the God in you" or "The Divinity within me perceives and adores the Divinity within you."
The more I think about it and reflect on this greeting, the more I like it. If we interact with others basically stating that I honor, recognize, and appreciate the divine within you how could you not treat others ethically and with loving kindness? Some of the western religious traditions use shalom (Jewish) or salaam (Muslim) as a greeting meaning peace. Secular greetings such as Hi, Hello, How's it going, and so forth are okay but don't really communicate much. A friendly greeting of any kind and one of peace is certainly good but I have come to be especially fond of the namaste greeting given what the word actually means. Namaste offers a more enriching and important message. Maybe we all should embrace it regardless of our or religious tradition.
Doing the right thing for oursleves and others means finding a way to see the sacred, the divine, within all. Namaste is a constant reminder to do this. If you see the sacred in all, then you are likely to treat them with compassion, care, and respect too.
What do you think?
Namaste
Warships from the US Navy and allied nations have intercepted four weapons shipments from Iran to war-ravaged Yemen since April 2015, a US admiral said Thursday.
Yemen has been rocked by conflict since Iran-backed Houthi rebels overran the capital Sanaa and other large parts of the country in 2014, prompting military intervention by an Arab coalition in March last year in support of the internationally recognized government.
The United States and Saudi Arabia have accused Iran of arming the insurgents, and while Tehran denies the charges, the coalition has since enforced maritime and air controls over the Arabian Peninsula country.
"Either US ships or coalition ships... intercepted four weapons shipments from Iran to Yemen," said US Vice Admiral Kevin Donegan.
"We know they came from Iran and we know the destination," he told reporters at an undisclosed military base in Southwest Asia.
Donegal said the shipments contained thousands of AK-47 assault rifles, anti-tank missiles, sniper rifles and "other pieces of other equipment, higher-end weapons systems".
Naval officials were able to determine the destination of the boats' by analyzing GPS settings and interviewing the crew.
One of the shipments had been validated by the United Nations as being an illegal weapons shipment, said Donegal.
His comments come after the US military's Central Command chief General Joseph Votel said last week Iran may have played a role in suspected Houthi missile attacks this month against US warships in the Red Sea.
"We believe that Iran is connected to this in some way," Donegan said.
Given the heavy volume of traffic around the Strait of Hormuz and the Gulf, the three-star admiral said "plenty" of other shipments would have gone through to Yemen.
The arms seizures came after Iran in April 2015 tried to send a convoy of seven ships, guarded by two Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps vessels, to Yemen.
Donegan said these were filled with coastal-defense cruise missiles, explosives and other weapons.
The Shiite Houthi rebels are believed to be behind this month's attacks in which surface-to-surface missiles were fired at the USS Mason on at least two occasions.
In response, US cruise missiles on October 13 struck Houthi radar sites believed to have been used to target the weapons.
The Mason and two other warships were likely targeted in a third missile attack on October 15, but officials have not conclusively confirmed what the threat was or where it was coming from.
Last Update: Thursday, 27 October 2016 KSA 19:18 - GMT 16:18
Gallup researches about the optimism of countries in 2012 was released today. The data was compiled by asking respondents to rate their lives on the Cantril Self-Anchoring Striving Scale, where zero is the worst and 10 is the highest. Respondents were asked to rate their lives now, and then to rate their lives five years in the future. The difference between the two scores is used to calculate a country's optimism, or, conversely, their pessimism.
There are a lot of takeaways from the data, but one of the most fascinating is the overwhelming optimism in Sub-Saharan Africa. Take a look at this chart:
Gallup
Around nine out of ten people in all of these countries — amongst the poorest in the world — see their lives as better in five years.
Compare this with the situation in Europe:
Gallup
Of course, there are some caveats. Given the nature of the Cantril Self-Anchoring Striving Scale, if a country is already rating itself 10/10, it cannot go any higher and thus cannot be optimistic. Gallup itself writes that optimism may be widespread in some African nations as "people cannot imagine that their lives could get any worse."
However, there may be cause for real optimism in Africa. Last year Citi published a report predicting that Sub-Saharan Africa will double its share of the world's economy, and recently updated U.N. population prediction predict a demographic shift that could see Africa's population quadrupling by the end of the century:
Given this information, it's understandable that African respondents to the Gallup poll were optimistic. It seems inevitable that life in Africa is going to change. It should, hopefully, be for the better.
Oklahoma State Senator Joseph Silk (Photo: Senate website)
A new bill proposed in the Oklahoma legislature would define the medical procedure for any pregnancy termination as criminal murder. The law also doesn't provide any accommodations for a mother whose life and health is at risk if there are complications from the pregnancy.
The bill comes from Republican state Sen. Joseph Silk, who is known for a series of anti-choice antics at the Oklahoma state capitol while lobbying for a prohibition on abortion in the state's Constitution. He's affiliated with a group Abolish Human Abortion, known for harassing women who volunteer at clinics, hanging huge banners over overpasses and standing outside of polling places with signs purporting to show fetuses.
There is little in the bill other than it would name the medical procedure “murder.” The law would charge the doctors that perform the abortions with first-degree murder, but it doesn't outline if any charges would be filed for the woman seeking the procedure. Punishments for women could be the same as criminal prosecution for an accessory to the crime. That would mean if a woman is dying as a result of a pregnancy with complications and has an abortion she could be thrown in jail along with the doctor who refused to let her die. First-degree murder in Oklahoma is punishable by the death penalty, so the doctors would be put to death under the so-called pro-life law.
“We either protect life as a state, or we don't,” Silk told Oklahoma's KTUL. “A 4-week-old fetus in the womb is no different than a 1-year-old child.”
In an interview with Raw Story, Democratic State Rep. Monroe Nichols explained that the law is so far outside of the mainstream that conservative Gov. Mary Fallin (R-OK) vetoed similar legislation last year.
“I believe strongly that we should all be working to reduce the number of abortions,” Nichols said. “But they should be safe and legal. The fact is, abortions are down nationally and that's because of education and availability of contraception, both things many conservatives would like to see us backtrack on.”
Nichols similarly told KTUL that the rate of unwanted pregnancies is down as well as teen pregnancy.
“And it's not because we filed some unconstitutional piece of legislation,” he continued. “But because we found ways to come together and make sure the type of education and type of resources are out there to help people through that.”
Silk justifies his bill on the grounds of his own moral beliefs.
“As a legislator, my primary goal is to protect innocent life through the bills that I author,” Silk also explained. A fact-check, the oath of office in Oklahoma does not include a vow to “protect innocent life” though it does mandate all legislators pledge to uphold the Constitution of the United States and the State of Oklahoma.
Nichols told KTUL that the law is absolutely unconstitutional. Passage would likely result in another costly lawsuit for a state that has spent millions to defend right-wing laws over the last several years.
The Oklahoma ACLU has vowed to fight the legislation if it is enacted.
“I think, anytime that you take away a woman's autonomy and say that she is incapable of making the most basic and fundamental decisions about herself and her reproductive health and her reproductive freedom, that's misogynistic,” ACLU Executive Director Ryan Kiesel told KFOR.
Silk also made a name for himself by pushing legislation for Oklahoma to secede from the United States even after President Donald Trump took office. He filed a bill to make it legal to discriminate against LGBT people and is behind the Oklahoma version of the anti-transgender bathroom bill. He has ties to the anti-LGBT group the Family Research Council, which is listed by the Southern Poverty Law Center as a hate group.
A reinvigorated Donald Trump thanked Anthony Weiner on Sunday for the disgraced former congressman's apparent role in the discovery of emails that FBI Director James Comey said were “pertinent” to the bureau's investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server.
“We never thought we were going to say thank you to Anthony Weiner,” Trump said in between prepared remarks at a rally in Las Vegas — one of three planned for the Republican nominee.
Comey sent a letter to Congress Friday announcing a review of the new emails discovered on a laptop belonging to Weiner — the estranged husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin — during an FBI investigation into his alleged sexting with a 15-year-old girl.
Related: Clinton campaign blasts Comey's letter as ‘strange,' ‘unprecedented'
The Clinton campaign called Comey's decision “strange” and “unprecedented” following a Yahoo News report on Saturday that FBI agents had not been able to review any of the newly discovered material because the bureau had not yet gotten a search warrant to read them.
“As far as we know now, Director Comey knows nothing about the content of these emails,” Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, Clinton's running mate, said on ABC's “This Week With George Stephanopoulos.” “Why would you release information that is so incomplete when you haven't even seen the material yourself? Eleven days before an election — why would you talk about an ongoing investigation? I just have no way of understanding these actions. They're completely unprecedented. And that's why I think he owes the American public more information.”
The Trump campaign has, predictably, welcomed Comey's decision with open arms.
“The FBI director is keeping his word to the Congress that if new pertinent information came forward that justified the reopening of the case, that he would alert the Congress,” Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, Trump's running mate, said on NBC's “Meet the Press” on Sunday. “He has done that.”
On ABC's “This Week,” Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway sought to turn the FBI's surprise review of Clinton's emails into a rallying cry for undecided voters reluctant to pull the lever for the brash real estate mogul.
“[The] problem that Hillary Clinton and her never-ending scandalabra [is the one she] always has, which is: Do people trust her to always tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth?” Conway said. “She has a very casual relationship with the truth. And people already know that. For these undecided voters … they're most concerned about her veracity and her dishonesty, and this simply doesn't help.”
And Trump, predictably, has taken it a step further, accusing Clinton of covering up a crime.
“Hillary's corruption shreds the principles on which our country was founded,” he said. “Her criminal action was willful, deliberate, intentional, and purposeful.”
In July, following an 11-month investigation, Comey concluded that while Clinton and her State Department colleagues were “extremely careless” in the handling of classified information, he could not find evidence they had broken any laws.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BROOKLYN —A New York City Councilman is calling for a law that will make it illegal for cops to have sex while on duty.
This comes after the NYPD confirmed that 2 police officers accused of raping an 18-year-old woman while on duty have been suspended without pay.
In conversations with colleagues, the officers have insisted that the sex was consensual, sources told The Post.
"There is no such thing as consensual sex when someone is in police custody that is rape," Councilman Mark Treyger said.
Councilman Treyger is drafting legislation that would make it a crime for a police officer to have sex with a suspect taken into custody. This all stems from allegations that 2 NYPD detectives had sex with a suspect in the back of a police van in a Chipotle parking lot on Cropsy Avenue in Coney Island back in September. Treyger says there are laws on the books for corrections officers and parole officers but not cops.
"The law right now says corrections officers cannot have sex with inmates, parole officers cannot have sex with parolees, there is nothing a glaring omission for police officers and people in their custody."
According to published reports, narcotics detectives found pot and prescription drugs on an 18-year-old woman. They are accused of handcuffing her inside an unmarked police van and raping her. Treyger says he was outraged when an attorney for the cops stated the sex was consensual.
"How can anyone provide consent when they're in handcuffs, and when they're under police custody? That is a power dynamic that does not make sense for consensual sex, that is rape."
According to published reports, the cops will surrender on Monday.
Michael David, attorney for the victim, released this statement "This validates what my client had always said — that she was kidnapped, handcuffed, and brutally raped and then thrown onto the street by two on duty officers. We would expect the police commissioner to take immediate action in firing these two officers. Additionally we request that all this shaming of the victim of this vicious attack be stopped immediately. We look forward to the conviction of these two individuals. "
People who watch the evening newscasts regularly often note that the shows follow the lead of the New York Times in selecting news stories. If a story is on the front page of the Newspaper of Record, it's probably going to wind up on the newscasts.
But not always.
Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch both released reports on civilian deaths from US drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen.
The reports made the front page of the New York Times (10/22/13). As the Times reported:
At least 19 civilians in the surrounding area of North Waziristan had been killed in just two of the drone attacks since January 2012–a time when the Obama administration has held that strikes have been increasingly accurate and free of mistakes.
And:
Last October, it says, American missiles killed a 68-year-old woman named Mamana Bibi as she picked vegetables in a field close to her grandchildren. In July 2012, 18 laborers, including a 14-year-old boy, were killed near the Afghan border.
The new investigations were also reported by the Washington Post (10/21/13), which told readers that the groups
say they have freshly documented dozens of civilian deaths in US drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen, contradicting assertions by the Obama administration that such casualties are rare.
The Human Rights Watch investigation of several strikes in Yemen “concluded that at least 57 of the 82 people killed were civilians, including a pregnant woman and three children who perished in a September 2012 attack.”
But the reports were absent from the network evening newscasts. With millions of viewers every night, these are still the news outlets with perhaps the widest reach in the country.
The broadcasts covered some newsworthy issues, of course–the new jobs report, and some additional details about a recent school shooting in Nevada.
But they also covered stories of seemingly less importance than the civilians killed in secretive US bombing campaigns. NBC Nightly News, for instance, reported that it would be slightly colder along the East Coast than it's been. They had long reports about police forces using defibrillators and small family farms that operate as tourist attractions. NBC also reported on construction at the Capitol building in Washington and on some new products unveiled by Apple.
CBS Evening News had a long report about tensions within the Republican party, and an excerpt from a Charlie Rose interview with Warren Buffett. They also told viewers about the new iPad–but also about other tablet computers, too. And that construction project at the Capitol was covered.
ABC World News led with gas prices falling. They also did reports about unsafe dog treats, those new Apple products, a study of sibling rivalries, a possible UFO sighting in Iceland and popular baby names, and closed with a rather long report about a class that helps prepare dogs to fly in airplanes.
There were some major outlets that did evidently think the reports were newsworthy. CNN‘s The Lead With Jake Tapper (10/21/13) interviewed Amnesty International researcher Mustafa Qadri, who also appeared on the PBS NewsHour in a debate with a retired US general.
But on the nightly newscasts this was the kind of news that evidently wasn't news–at least not as newsworthy as a new iPad or a school that helps prepare pets for air travel.
Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council (FRC) joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Thursday to discuss President Trump's reversal of an Obama-era policy by banning transgender people from military service, the Obamacare repeal effort, and other news.
Perkins said the FRC is for a clean repeal of Obamacare. “That's what we advocated for from the beginning,” he said.
“We worked back in 2015 to get that repeal through. I worked with Majority Whip Steve Scalise to help craft the language on Planned Parenthood and get that into reconciliation,” said Perkins.
Added Perkins, “It passed, went to the president, and I've had a couple of conversations with some senators who said, ‘Well, that was a messaging vote.' I said, ‘Really? You didn't communicate that to the American people.'”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
eSports fans rejoice, Team YP is here!
It's been a long time coming, but we're very excited to announce YouPorn has officially thrown it's hat into the competitive esports arena with it's sponsorship of the newly formed, Spain-based DOTA2 team, Play2Win (@PlayToWinClub). The Team YP boys will be throwing down the gauntlet and making their official debut this Friday at the Gamergy DOTA2 Tournament in Madrid, Spain. Don't miss it!
Team YP DOTA2 Roster:
Ragabash (Twitter)
LoLQoP (Twitter)
SolmyR (Twitter)
Lawliet_91 (Twitter)
Mengue (Twitter)
The official sponsorship announcement follows:
YouPorn Sponsored eSports Team, Play2Win to Debut as Team YP at Madrid Gamergy Competition Adult Entertainment Site Finalizes Sponsorship with Spain-based DOTA 2 Veterans
New York, NY (December 3, 2014) – YouPorn, the premier source for free online adult entertainment, today announces the finalization of their long-awaited eSports sponsorship deal with Play2Win, a team of competitive online gamers hailing out of Spain. Coinciding with the new 6 month agreement, Play2Win will officially debut under their new moniker, Team YP, in time for the start of the Gamergy competition in Madrid on December 5, 2014.
Composed of individual veterans in the eSports realm, the newly unveiled Team YP will collectively pool their talents for this week's Gamergy contest. Competing for the crown in the ever popular Warcraft III mod, Defense of the Ancients (DOTA) 2, the team will look to snag the championship from a number of other competitors in their quest for dominance.
“We're so psyched to finally make our official entry into gaming and eSports,” says Brad Burns, Vice President, YouPorn. “This partnership has been a long time coming, and I believe that with our backing, along with the expertise that each member of Team YP brings to the table on the virtual battlefield, we can succeed in tearing through the competition at this year's Gamergy event.”
To learn more about Team YP (formerly Play2Win), please visit the team's website at www.p2wclub.com.
Finally, for more info about the upcoming proceedings at this week's Gamergy event, feel free to make your way over to http://www.gamergy.es/.
Photo from buzzfeed.
Cosplay. It is a pretty cool hobby, I have to admit that, but how exactly do I explain it to my relatives, friends, ect.?
I think if you are in my age and time when you still live with your parents, it is definitely hard to come out to them. We all have that moment where we want to get a new cosplay or our first, and need to tell them what we are buying. Let's just say it is REALLY hard to say “I need a costume so I can go hang out with other people in costumes,” or something along that line.
The best way, or how I did it, is had my parents sit down and discuss the matter. What could go wrong? I mean, my conversation went so well, that my dad is now my right hand man in prop making.
So to help you with your talk, I have prepared a few things you have to include in your discussion.
1.) History of Cosplay
Basically go and find the meaning of the word, (costume play), find how it started, how it has grown; I could go on. Just find the roots of it to start your discussion strong. Here are some links to help you!
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cosplay http://www.costuming.org/history.html)
2.) Delve Further into Cosplay Itself
How I described cosplay to my parents is a mixture of theater and artistic aspects all squished together. Cosplay has A LOT of acting and theater aspects, especially if you plan on competing, and has EVEN MORE art forms along with it!
3.) Who or What are You Cosplaying?
Show them what you are cosplaying. Gather up the person/thing you would like to cosplay as in the anime, video game, ect., and a picture of how other people cosplay the character. Bring up a list of materials, costs, and other things you would like help on also.
Well there you have it, that is my plan to help you and others join the ever-growing culture of cosplay. I hope you all had a good Easter, and I will see you on the flip side!
In a recent very interesting Fast Company article on Udacity's Sebastian Thrun, he reveals a so-called hidden truth of online learning – that very few students who enroll in online classes finish them:
As Thrun was being praised by Friedman, and pretty much everyone else, for having attracted a stunning number of students–1.6 million to date–he was obsessing over a data point that was rarely mentioned in the breathless accounts about the power of new forms of free online education: the shockingly low number of students who actually finish the classes, which is fewer than 10%. Not all of those people received a passing grade, either, meaning that for every 100 pupils who enrolled in a free course, something like five actually learned the topic. If this was an education revolution, it was a disturbingly uneven one.
This is not entirely shocking. I've signed up for dozens of online classes, and only finished less than two dozen. I often wonder, what do the professors think when I don't finish the class? I wish there was a way to tell them why.
Sometimes the class is just too difficult, and not what I was expecting when I signed up. For instance, I took Andrew Ng's famous Machine Learning class the last time it was offered. I didn't enjoy it. Not only was the video of poor quality, but it the course almost immediately jumped into mathematical topics. I just could not spend the time required to even get past the first week of the course. It was essentially a mistake to enroll. And as previously mentioned, I actually accidentally failed a course I really enjoyed and watched every single video off because I wasn't aware of a writing assignment that was due until after the due date had passed. I loved that class! And I failed!
So while Thrun believes that the system does not work for most people, I actually believe the system is working for me. I come and go as I please, I sign up and sample a course and decide if it's worth my time to continue. Perhaps the professors and company owners don't like that. That's fair. But the real reason people stop attending some classes is more complicated that one expects.
Philadelphia
The top spokesman for the Republican National Committee reiterated that the GOP will not back David Duke in his bid for the U.S. Senate—even if the Republican majority of the Senate were on the line.
"We came out against Todd Akin four years ago," Sean Spicer, the RNC's communications director, told THE WEEKLY STANDARD Tuesday. "There's no way, shape, or form this party has a room in it for someone like David Duke."
Duke, a white supremacist and former KKK leader, announced he would run for the Senate in his home state of Louisiana as a Republican shortly after Donald Trump accepted the GOP nomination for president in Cleveland. Speaking to reporters following a press conference near the site of the Democratic National Convention, Spicer said someone with Duke's views has no place within his party.
What about if the party control of the Senate were up for grabs—and with it, the fate of the Supreme Court? Would the RNC consider backing Duke in that scenario?
"At some point, you have to stand up for some kind of principle, and David Duke does not speak for where the Republican party is," Spicer said. So what is that limiting principle, and where should national Republicans draw the line?
"What was the Supreme Court ruling on limiting free speech, that you know it when you see it? I mean, at some point, when you're a white supremacist, that's a black-and-white [issue]. There's no gray," said Spicer.
Trump himself, while certainly no white supremacist, has made bigoted and racist comments in recent months, most notably when he suggested that a judge of Mexican heritage is not qualified to preside over the Trump University case because "he's Mexican." The attack was enough to prompt House speaker Paul Ryan to call it a "textbook definition of a racist statement." Trump also flirted with the idea of accepting Duke's February endorsement of him, just days before several Southern states held their primaries. And Duke has cited Trump's nomination as inspiration for his Senate run.
When asked by TWS to clarify what the difference is between Duke and Trump when it comes to the RNC's support, Spicer rejected the question.
"I mean, give me a break. That's insulting," he said. "That's really, that's ridiculous."
When asked about Duke's candidacy and endorsement on NBC Sunday, Trump said he "rebuked" the endorsement.
Duke isn't the only Republican running for Senate in Louisiana, but under the state's open primary system, the final runoff election to determine the winner of the seat could be members of any two parties. Asked if Trump would support a Democratic opponent over Duke in order to keep the former neo-Nazi out of the Senate, Trump gave contradictory answers.
"I guess, depending on whom the Democrat (is)—but the answer would be yes," he told NBC's Chuck Todd.
At the recent Barrett-Jackson show, magic happened as the auction collided with The Fast and the Furious. A vehicle from the film was auctioned, without reserve, and someone is now the proud owner of one cool car.
This 1995 Volkswagen Jetta appeared in the first installment of The Fast and the Furious franchise.
It's famously referenced as the car with no brake calipers in the movie. Don't worry, the real car has front brakes.
While it wasn't the main star of the movie, it did appear in several street racing shots.
It is setup with a custom stereo that incorporates a PlayStation 2 inside the car.
The car has made several appearances over the years to help promote subsequent movies.
It's powered by a 2.0L 4-cylinder and automatic transmission.
It was owned by TV/movie star Frankie Muniz when it headed to auction.
The Jetta remains as it was in the movie, plus the brakes of course. A more important addition is the signatures of the iconic stars of The Fast and the Furious franchise. This includes a penned signature by the late Paul Walker.
This movie star Jetta found itself a new home on Thursday, January 28th at Barrett-Jackson. It sold for $46,200, quite a steal for a piece of automotive cinematic history!
NCC Group is co-hosting its next security event with Pinterest in San Francisco. Join us at Pinterest HQ for an evening of talks and refreshments about the latest in security trends and topics.
You'll hear from different thought leaders in the security community as they give insight into TLS 1.3 challenges and deployment, how the Federal Trade Commission is working on protecting privacy, and how you just might be the best tool in an information security program.
Event Details:
5:30 PM Doors open for registration
6:00 PM Presentations begin
Pinterest does not have parking lots, however there is metered street parking and parking lots. We recommend taking public transportation, as the SOMA offices are near Caltrain and Powell BART station
Food and drinks will be provided
ID WILL BE REQUIRED for alcoholic beverages
SPEAKER - Nick Sullivan, Head of Cryptography at Cloudflare
TALK TITLE - TLS 1.3
ABSTRACT - The protocol that protects most of the Internet secure connections is getting the biggest ever revamp, and is losing a round-trip. We will explore differences between TLS 1.3 and previous versions, focusing on the security improvements of the new protocol as well as some of the challenges we face around securely implementing new features such as 0-RTT resumption. At Cloudflare we will be the first to deploy TLS 1.3 on a wide scale, and we'll be able to discuss the insights we gained while implementing and deploying this protocol as well as challenges to the broader ecosystem of encryption on the web.
BIO - Nick Sullivan is a leading cryptography and security technologist. As Head of Cryptography at Cloudflare, a top Internet performance and security company, he is responsible for overseeing all cryptographic products and strategy. He was instrumental in building Cloudflare's security engineering team and led major projects including as Keyless SSL and TLS 1.3. Prior to joining Cloudflare, he was a digital rights management pioneer, helping build and secure Apple's multi-billion dollar iTunes store. He holds an MSc in Cryptography, is the author of more than a dozen computer security patents, and regularly speaks at major security conferences.
SPEAKER - Whitney B. Merrill, Attorney, Federal Trade Commission
TALK TITLE - An Overview of FTC Law
ABSTRACT - The Federal Trade Commission a law enforcement agency tasked with protecting consumers from unfair and deceptive practices. This talk will provide an overview of FTC law, as the leading enforcer of privacy and data security, discuss interesting cases, and discuss initiatives at the FTC like Start with Security, OTECH, and the IoT Home Inspector Challenge.
BIO - Whitney Merrill is an attorney at the Federal Trade Commission. She works on a variety of consumer protection matters including data security, privacy, and deceptive marketing and advertising. Whitney received her master's degree in Computer Science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and her J.D. from the University of Illinois College of Law, where she explored issues associated with the intersection of technology, information security, privacy, and the law. Recently, she received the 2017 Women in Security Award at RSA and was recognized named one of the 2017 Top Women in Cybersecurity by CyberScoop.
During her time at UIUC, she was Managing Editor of the Illinois Law Review, an Illinois Cybersecurity Scholar, and member of the Illinois Security Lab. Her research was published last year in the Network and Distributed System Security Symposium (NDSS). Whitney also runs the Crypto & Privacy Village, which appears at DEF CON & other conferences each year.
SPEAKER - Damon Small, Technical Director at NCC Group
TALK TITLE - Layer 8 and Why People Are the Most Important Security Tool
ABSTRACT - People are the cause of many security problems, but people are also the most effective resource for combating them. Technology is critical, but without trained professionals, it is ineffective. In the context two case studies, the presenter will describe specific instances where human creativity and skill overcame technical deficiencies. The presenter believes this topic to be particularly relevant for “blue teamers” who often must defend their organization's' information assets under less-than-ideal circumstances.
Technical details will include the specific tools used, screenshots of captured data, and analysis of the malware and the malicious user's activity. The goal of the presentation is show the importance of technical ability and critical thinking, and to demonstrate that skilled people are the most important tool in an information security program.
Several technological challenges conspired against the team during these incidents. Using both commercial and freely obtainable tools the team was able to overcome these obstacles in a resourceful and cost-efficient manner. The analysts' actions demonstrate that problems can be solved creatively using limited resources. While companies must regularly evaluate commercial products, properly trained personnel can be more valuable to an organization than any hardware or software device.
BIO - Damon Small began his career studying music at Louisiana State University. Pursuing the changing job market, he took advantage of computer skills learned in the LSU recording studio to become a systems administrator in the mid 1990s. Over the past 16 years as a security professional he has supported infosec initiatives in the healthcare, defense, aerospace, and oil and gas industries. In addition to his Bachelor of Arts in Music, Damon completed the Master of Science in Information Assurance degree from Norwich University in 2005. His role as Technical Director includes working closely with NCC Group consultants and clients in delivering complex security assessments that meet varied business requirements.
Most men laughed off being asked for their number by a cute stranger
His name is Ed and he does pranks.
These pranks, social experiments and awkward social interactions take place in London for his Twattery YouTube channel.
Ed is fearless and recently wandered around asking random guys – 100 in all – for their phone number. If these strangers asked why, Ed would tell them he finds them attractive and would like to go on a coffee date.
But Ed feels the need to make clear on the YouTube page that he is straight: ‘Asking 100 guys straight up for their number. No homo though.'
Ed's previous ‘social experiments' include asking 100 women for their phone number, asking people inappropriate questions during an otherwise banal conversation, and telling people to shut up.
Most guys take the request and the flattery in stride as Ed mostly gets turned down. One guy snarled: ‘Fuck off you freak. Muthafucka.'
Like Ed, he too must be ‘no homo.'
Unemployment is high in the Johannesburg township, but the band TCIYF are a surprising, positive influence for disenfranchised young people
On a downtown street corner in Johannesburg, Puleng Seloane is trying to get a mosh pit going. He and the three other members of the Soweto punk band TCIYF are playing an impromptu gig, and a group of young men have gathered to watch.
“This is the only punk band I've seen on Instagram,” says onlooker Masta Za, 20, filming on his phone. “I was like: ‘What, a punk band from Soweto?'”
Za, who usually listens to hip-hop, says he likes what TCIYF are doing. “This music is better for my generation. They're not promoting depressed music … They're just happy.”
This Soweto is starkly different to the tumultuous Soweto that members of TCIYF were born into in the 1980s. In 1976, massive student protests erupted in the township over the apartheid government's education system, sparking a violent state crackdown that led to international sanctions against South Africa.
Today, Soweto is a thriving, sprawling urban hub, home to 1.27 million South Africans. Unemployment is high and some residents still lack basic services, but it also has a sizeable middle class, malls and rising property prices.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Puleng Seloane, frontman of TCIYF, during a gig in Johannesburg. Photograph: James Oatway for the Guardian
“A lot of places are boring. Soweto is not,” says Thulasizwe Nkosi, 29, the guitarist and de facto spokesman of TCIYF. “There are no rules here.”
TCIYF is at the heart of a small but thriving punk scene that will gain more followers at this weekend's Afropunk festival in Johannesburg. It is the first time the globetrotting culture and music festival has been held in Africa.
The band's penchant for skating, cold beer and heavy guitar riffs – rarely heard in Soweto before they came along – has been attracting the attention of magazines and documentarians interested in how they and their friends are redefining punk subculture on their own terms.
“Punk chose us,” says Nkosi, who sports rainbow-hued dreads, blue-tinted sunglasses and a chain hanging from his skinny jeans. “It's a calling.”
In keeping with punk tradition, TCIYF claim they make up their music as they go along. It is is fast and loud, with lyrics that range from subjects such as their grandmothers' fixation with Tupperware to getting drunk on wine at church and growing up without fathers.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tupperware by TCIYF
“The generation before us was very weak. I don't know what the government did with them – what they put in the water,” says Nkosi, who has a young daughter. “We're doing a better job.”
Like the Sex Pistols, who sent 1970s Britain into shock with calls for anarchy, Nkosi and his friends say they are fuelled by frustration with the status quo. The country's unemployment rate is close to 30%, and young black South Africans bear the brunt. There are still neighbourhoods in every major city that don't receive electricity and water, and President Jacob Zuma's government has been mired in scandal and allegations of gross corruption.
TCIYF see themselves as offering a voice for disenfranchised youth, lashing out at the “robots” of society and proselytising on life without a day job. “We are rebelling against the system: going to work every day, waking up, running after the bus,” says Mbuso “Moose” Zulu, 31, one of the founders of Soweto's skate punk scene. “There's so much more you can do.”
‘We only see politicians on TV' – the district of Soweto in the ANC's shadow Read more
The scene was started in 2010 when Nkosi, Zulu and friends formed the skate collective Skate Society Soweto. They started playing music, too, and before long founded Soweto Rock Revolution, which organises music and skate events under the motto “no politics, no hatred and no bullshit”.
The heart of the scene is Dube, a Soweto suburb named after the first president of the ruling African National Congress. Here, bands regularly turn up to play on an outdoor stage in a converted backyard adorned with graffiti and murals. The events attract a diverse crowd, still unusual in South Africa, who enjoy copious amounts of beer and guitar feedback.
Through their music and skating, TCIYF and their friends are trying to create something new in Soweto, particularly for younger people. In the township, Zulu says, if someone tells their parents they want to go to art school, they will be told they are crazy and asked how they're going to feed their family. He wants to show the younger generation that there's “more to life than being a doctor or lawyer. They just need a positive influence.”
Inspired by a 2003 documentary about black punks in the US, the Afropunk festivals have grown into sprawling events celebrating black culture that attract tens of thousands of people. This weekend's event in Johannesburg is being staged at Constitution Hill, a former prison complex.
“It's wonderful to be in a place that has so much history, so much of which we can kind of rewrite,” says Matthew Morgan, co-founder of the Afropunk festivals. “Johannesburg feels like New York to me 30 years ago. The opportunity is there, and I like that.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘There's more to life than being a doctor or lawyer': fans mosh to TCIYF's music. Photograph: James Oatway for the Guardian
TCIYF are not South Africa's first taste of punk culture. While punk was scandalising the UK in the 1970s, a small punk scene was forming in South Africa, featuring anti-establishment bands such as Wild Youth and National Wake, whose members were put under police surveillance for their anti-apartheid stance.
Morgan says Afropunk has been supporting TCIYF for a couple of years and the band fit well into how the movement has come to define punk. “I'm a black British kid who grew up in the 70s and 80s in the UK,” he says. “I've never been trying to recreate a black version of white punk rock. If you're a person of colour in music and you're pushing the boundaries, that's punk rock to me.”
The Inequality Project: the Guardian's in-depth look at our unequal world Read more
The drinks manufacturer Red Bull has also been backing TCIYF in the run-up to the Johannesburg event, and as the band set up for another pop-up show at a notoriously dodgy taxi rank downtown, a photographer snaps away. But the band seem unbothered by the apparent incongruity of having a corporate sponsor for their trademark anti-consumerism.
They play a short, loud set to a semi-circle of befuddled onlookers amid the fruit sellers and minibus taxis ferrying people around the city. An elderly woman passing by gives the band a sharp elbow and a disapproving look. They think it's hilarious and play her a cheeky tribute.
“Thank you, Super Granny!” Seloane calls into his mic.
It's a moment that encapsulates what TCIYF is about: being inspired by punk's history but not bound to its old rules. A couple of women on their way through the area stop to soak up the unexpected sight of four guys from Soweto, thrashing.
“I love this music,” says Lemon Npanjwa, 30. “It's hardcore.”
Geophysicists from NASA and the European Space Agency and the first African American chosen to serve on an International Space Station crew are selected for 2018 missions.
In spring 2018, an extraordinary crew for the International Space Station (ISS) is expected to assemble far above our planet, according to a NASA announcement earlier this month. The crew will include two geophysicists, which will make the group exceptional, said Drew Feustel, a seasoned astronaut with a Ph.D. in geological sciences who will serve as a flight engineer for the station's Expedition 55 and commander for its Expedition 56.
Two geophysicists on one space station crew is hardly the norm. “I believe this will be the first time in history that two geophysicists will be in space together,” Feustel told Eos.
Feustel will launch from Kazakhstan in March 2018 on a Russian Soyuz rocket, NASA announced on 4 January. Two months later, European Space Agency astronaut Alexander Gerst, a volcanologist, will join the crew and remain on the space station through November. Gerst will serve as commander for Expedition 57. Both he and Feustel are members of the American Geophysical Union, publisher of Eos.org.
A third new crew member will make another kind of history. Jeanette Epps, an aerospace engineer and veteran technical intelligence officer for the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), will become the first African American—man or woman—to join an ISS crew.
Doing Earth Science from Space
Although the official duties of the crew's geoscientists will be outside of their research specialties, they will still monitor the globe using Earth observation photography, Feustel said. Such images help geoscientists “study long-term changes in morphology of the Earth,” he noted.
“I am honored to have the opportunity to visit space again and to have a chance to actually live there for nearly 6 months,” Feustel added. He first soared into space in 2009 aboard the space shuttle Atlantis for the final servicing mission to Hubble. He was also on the penultimate space shuttle flight in May 2011, that time on Endeavor.
“Returning to space means that I can continue to contribute to the exploration of the cosmos by humans and for humans,” he continued.
Brotherly Inspiration
Epps will fly to the ISS in May 2018. Selected as one of nine out of 3500 applicants for NASA's 2009 class of astronauts, she will serve as a flight engineer for Expeditions 56 and 57.
When Epps was 9 years old, her older brother told her she was smart enough to be an aerospace engineer—even an astronaut. Epps went on to study physics at Le Moyne College in her hometown of Syracuse, N.Y., then aerospace engineering at the University of Maryland in College Park. After an engineering stint with Ford Motors and 7 years at the CIA, Epps decided to apply in 2008 for NASA's then upcoming astronaut class.
Watch a short interview with Epps here:
—JoAnna Wendel (@JoAnnaScience), Staff Writer
2015/16 figures will appear here when available
The 32 clubs that competed in the 2014/15 UEFA Champions League shared almost €988m, not including the play-off contributions, in payments from UEFA – some €36m more than the previous season.
Full distribution to clubs report.
Full solidarity payments details.
Each club was entitled to a minimum payment of €8.6 for participation in the competition. Additionally, performance bonuses were paid for every win (€1m) or draw (€0.5m) in the group stage, as well as for each knockout round successfully negotiated, while monies from the market pool were divided according to the proportional value of the national television market allocated to each individual club, among other factors.
The performance bonuses for reaching each knockout round were €3.5m for the last 16, an additional €3.9m for the quarter-finals and €4.9m more for the semi-finals. FC Barcelona collected €10.5m for winning the final in Berlin, and runners-up Juventus received €6.5m.
The 20 clubs involved in the play-offs shared €42m, which meant that total participation payments reached almost €1.030bn. An additional €3.5 allocated to the European Club Association in accordance with a memorandum of understanding with UEFA brought the total distribution from the 2014/15 season to over €1.033bn. Teams that did not advance past the three qualifying rounds were rewarded with fixed sums, with extra solidarity bonuses for national champions that missed the play-offs.
Meanwhile, €85m of the 2014/15 UEFA Champions League revenue will help top-flight clubs which do not take part in the competition. The revenue is being redistributed to those clubs for use in youth development or local community programmes, and is being made available for distribution via the professional leagues or national associations.
The associations are split into two categories for these payments – those with participants in the UEFA Champions League group stage (18 associations receiving €71.1m), and those without participants in the group stage (36 associations receiving €11m).
An additional payment of €2.9m in total will be made to the 19 national associations that were represented in the play-offs.
Columnist
After months of internal debate, the Trump administration is stalled on the question of whether to provide Ukraine with the defensive weapons it has long asked for. The de facto result has been to continue the Obama administration's policy of denying Kiev what it needs to resist ongoing Russian aggression — and sharpen doubts about President Trump's willingness to stand up to Vladi­mir Putin.
National Security Council officials insist the administration is slowly but surely working through whether to provide Ukrainian security forces with the capability to respond to Russia's infiltration of tanks, artillery and other equipment into occupied parts of eastern Ukraine. A meeting of the council's principals committee, which includes Cabinet secretaries, was held on the issue several weeks ago. Now officials are formalizing a set of options to present to Trump, a senior security council official said.
Trump's pending decision will have implications far beyond the Donbass region. The Ukrainian government warns that even though fighting has recently tapered off there, Moscow is still working to change facts on the ground. But "this is not only about the weapons, this is about the political signal," said Artur Gerasymov, a leading Ukrainian member of parliament in President Petro Poroshenko's party.
"If the United States as leader of the free world will not help us stop this," Gerasymov said, "it is only a question of time who will be next."
Of course, the United States already provides Ukraine with a range of military-related items, including armored vehicles, medical supplies and night-vision goggles. But for years, Ukraine's government has pleaded with Washington for items that can counter Russia's armor, artillery and aircraft.
The United States has refused to provide Javelin antitank missiles, anti-battery radar that can see into Russian territory, and state-of-the-art intelligence capabilities and communications gear. During President Barack Obama's time, there was a push by top State Department and U.S. military officials, supported by both parties in Congress, to change that policy. But the Obama White House delayed until it became clear the foot-dragging was a decision not to act.
In 2015, the House voted 348 to 48 to pass a resolution urging Obama to provide Ukraine with defensive weapon systems. The measure was sponsored by Eliot L. Engel (D-N.Y.), the House Foreign Affairs Committee's ranking Democrat, who told me Trump needs to make a decision now.
"I've supported providing Ukraine with defensive weapons for years," Engel said. "But we've failed to act, demoralizing the Ukrainians and signaling weakness to Putin. It's time for the administration to quit dithering and show whose side we're really on."
In addition to bolstering its forces in eastern Ukraine, Moscow is pushing a diplomatic and public propaganda effort both inside Ukraine and abroad. Putin wants to place peacekeepers on Ukrainian territory as a means of cementing the position of Russian-supported rebels. He is working to bolster the legitimacy of the breakaway provinces and the Russian-supported figures who run them.
There is also a sophisticated campaign under way to smear the Ukrainian government, which even included a sham hearing at the U.S. Capitol. At the event, former representative Connie Mack (R-Fla.) lambasted alleged corruption in Ukraine's national bank, with the charges quickly broadcast back into Ukraine.
The Trump administration's Ukraine policy is centered on reinvigorating the Minsk process, which requires Russia to honor a cease-fire, remove its heavy weapons from Ukrainian territory and respect the border. Putin is doing none of these things. The Trump administration appointed former U.S. ambassador to NATO Kurt Volker to pursue progress on implementing Minsk, but so far there has been none.
The Obama administration was concerned that giving the Ukrainians increased military assistance would impede diplomatic progress and risk escalating the crisis by provoking Putin. The clearest rebuttal of that argument was made by Trump's own defense secretary, Jim Mattis, who advocated providing the weapons while standing next to Poroshenko in Kiev in August.
"Defensive weapons are not provocative unless you are an aggressor, and clearly Ukraine is not an aggressor since it is their territory where the fighting is happening," Mattis said.
During the 2016 GOP convention, the Trump campaign beat back efforts to have the Republican platform endorse lethal assistance to Ukraine. Ever since, the question of whether Trump would come to the defense of Ukraine has gone unanswered.
Trump often says he would like to improve relations with Russia, but that can only be done from a position of strength. The United States failed to prevent Russia from meddling in Georgia, Moldova and Crimea. Trump must now decide if he will help Ukraine fend off Russian aggression or allow Putin to create yet another endless "frozen conflict" while the United States stands by.
Read more from Josh Rogin's archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.
Faced with a dreadful job market, plenty of young college grads are considering. But should they spend the money on a
For most young grads, the answer is a resounding no. At least that's the conclusion you could easily draw from a lengthy story in The New York Times on Sunday. The article, Is Law School a Losing Game?, provided a devastating look at how law schools market themselves and manipulate their employment statistics to make their law degrees look like a great investment.
Why You Shouldn't Get a Law Degree
1. Law schools are misrepresenting their grads' job success.
2. There's a lawyer glut.
3. The cost of law school is high.
4. The expense of a law degree doesn't pencil out.
From a variety of sources, I've pulled together 5 reasons why you should not get aAccording to the article in The New York Times, schools appear to be cooking their employment numbers to do better on US News & World Report's rankings of the. The real employment numbers are grim.This attorney glut could remain even if the economy improves. The number of law schools in this country continues to grow which is creating an even bigger pool of unemployed lawyers. As one law observer put it: Today American law schools are like factories that no force has the power to slow down- not even the timeless dictates of supply and demand.Law school costs are obscene. For the top 10 law schools, the price is more than $43,000 a year. Far less prestigious private law schools charge prices that aren't much less. According to the American Bar Association, the average private law school cost $34,300 a year in 2008 and for public schools the cost is more than $16,800 annually.Many students will have a hard time recouping theirinvestment. Even the American Bar Association has acknowledged this reality in its paper,, that it has posted on its home page. Theis warning college students to reconsider law school.
It's also a topic that Herwig J. Schlunk at the Vanderbilt Law School focused on in a paper entitled, Mamas Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be...Lawyers.
Many law school grads are struggling with six-figure law school loans. The average private law school student borrows $91,000, while law students attending public school borrow an average of $71,400.
5. You might not be a lawyer for long.
More on CBSMoneyWatch:
While there isn't a lot of data on how long attorneys stay in the profession, it isn't uncommon to change professions after five years.image by Joe Gratz. CC 2.0.
In the 1916 World Series, the Boston Red Sox beat the Brooklyn Robins four games to one. It was the first World Series meeting between the teams.
Casey Stengel shone on offense for the Robins in the 1916 Series, but the Red Sox pitching corps ultimately proved too much for the denizens of Flatbush. The Sox's Babe Ruth pitched thirteen shutout innings in Game 2, starting a consecutive scoreless innings streak that would reach 29 in 1918. As with the 1915 Series, the Red Sox played their home games at the larger Braves Field, and it paid off as they drew a then-record 43,620 people for the final game.
Brooklyn fielded some strong teams under their manager and namesake Wilbert Robinson in the late 1910s. The Robins, also interchangeably called the Dodgers, would win the pennant again in 1920, but the American League teams were generally stronger during that interval. It would be 39 years before the Dodgers would win their first World Series title in 1955.
The two franchises met again in the postseason for the first time in 102 years in the 2018 World Series, 60 years after the Dodgers relocated to Los Angeles. The record for most innings played in a World Series game, set by Game 2 in 1916, at 14, was broken by Game 3 in 2018, at 18.[1] Just like their first matchup in the World Series, the Red Sox would eventually go on to defeat the Dodgers in five games to win their ninth World Series championship.
Summary [ edit ]
AL Boston Red Sox (4) vs. NL Brooklyn Robins (1)
Game Date Score Location Time Attendance 1 October 7 Brooklyn Robins – 5, Boston Red Sox – 6 Braves Field 2:16 36,117[2] 2 October 9 Brooklyn Robins – 1, Boston Red Sox – 2 (14 innings) Braves Field 2:32 47,373[3] 3 October 10 Boston Red Sox – 3, Brooklyn Robins – 4 Ebbets Field 2:01 21,087[4] 4 October 11 Boston Red Sox – 6, Brooklyn Robins – 2 Ebbets Field 2:30 21,662[5] 5 October 12 Brooklyn Robins – 1, Boston Red Sox – 4 Braves Field 1:43 43,620[6]
Matchups [ edit ]
Game 1 [ edit ]
Until the ninth, Boston starter Ernie Shore was in control. Holding a comfortable 6-1 lead, a walk, hit batter, error and bases-loaded walk to Fred Merkle finally forced the Red Sox to call on Carl Mays from the bullpen to preserve a 6-5 win.
Game 2 [ edit ]
Monday, October 9, 1916 2:00 pm (ET) at Braves Field in Boston, Massachusetts Team 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 R H E Brooklyn 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 6 2 Boston 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 7 1 WP: Babe Ruth (1–0) LP: Sherry Smith (0–1)
Home runs:
BKN: Hy Myers (1)
BOS: None
The Robins scored in the top of the first on an inside-the-park home run by Hy Myers, and the Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the third, Ruth himself knocking in the run with a ground ball. The game remained 1–1 until the bottom of the 14th, when the Red Sox won it on a pinch-hit single by Del Gainer. The 14-inning game set a World Series record for longest game by innings. That mark was equaled in Game 3 of the 2005 World Series between the Chicago White Sox and Houston Astros, and then again in Game 1 of the 2015 World Series between the Kansas City Royals and New York Mets, before being broken in Game 3 of the 2018 World Series between the Red Sox and the Dodgers.
Game 3 [ edit ]
A seventh-inning home run by Larry Gardner chased Brooklyn starter Jack Coombs and brought Boston to within one run. Jeff Pfeffer came through with 2.2 innings of hitless relief to save the victory for Coombs.
Game 4 [ edit ]
Wednesday, October 11, 1916 2:00 pm (ET) at Ebbets Field in Brooklyn, New York Team 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 R H E Boston 0 3 0 1 1 0 1 0 0 6 10 1 Brooklyn 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 5 4 WP: Dutch Leonard (1–0) LP: Rube Marquard (0–2)
Home runs:
BOS: Larry Gardner (2)
BKN: None
Brooklyn's first three batters reached safely off Dutch Leonard in a two-run first inning, but that's all the Dodgers would get off him. Larry Gardner's second home run in two days was an inside-the-park one to left-center that scored two teammates ahead of him, giving Leonard all he'd need.
Game 5 [ edit ]
Thursday, October 12, 1916 2:00 pm (ET) at Braves Field in Boston, Massachusetts Team 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 R H E Brooklyn 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 3 3 Boston 0 1 2 0 1 0 0 0 X 4 7 2 WP: Ernie Shore (2–0) LP: Jeff Pfeffer (0–1)
The final game was over in a snappy 1 hour, 43 minutes. Ernie Shore threw a three-hitter. Boston scratched out a run on a walk, sacrifice bunt, groundout and passed ball. The Red Sox added more in the third, thanks to an error and a Chick Shorten RBI single, and the fifth when Harry Hooper singled and scored on a Hal Janvrin double. Casey Stengel led off the Dodger ninth with a hit, but Shore allowed no more. For the second series in a row, Red Sox pitching dominated, this time holding the Robins to a team .200 batting average, contributing to an easy 5-game victory.
Composite line score [ edit ]
1916 World Series (4–1): Boston Red Sox (A.L.) over Brooklyn Robins (N.L.)
Team 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 R H E Boston Red Sox 0 4 4 1 3 2 5 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 21 39 6 Brooklyn Robins 3 1 1 2 2 0 0 0 4 0 0 0 0 0 13 34 13 Total attendance: 169,859 Average attendance: 33,972
Winning player's share: $3,910 Losing player's share: $2,835[7] $2,835
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Cohen, Richard M.; Neft, David S. (1990). The World Series: Complete Play-By-Play of Every Game, 1903–1989 . New York: St. Martin's Press. pp. 61–65. ISBN 0-312-03960-3.
Reichler, Joseph (1982). The Baseball Encyclopedia (5th ed.). Macmillan Publishing. p. 2124. ISBN 0-02-579010-2.
With numerous daily appearances in our news section (courtesy of all those enterprising leakers), the LG G3 is quickly becoming one of the hottest topics in the cell phone biz at the moment. We've practically seen it all: the design, the specs... there was even a recent leak that revealed what's hiding under the handset's removable back cover! However, it looks like LG finds teasing us truly enjoyable, as even after all of the hype that's already been built around the upcoming G3 — which is to be introduced on May 27 — the company has just posted yet another teaser video, making sure that its upcoming flagship doesn't escape our minds for a second.The new video by LG focuses on the G3's larger-than-life, 5.5" display, and talks up the phone's impressive screen-to-size ratio. In the video, LG first asks users to picture typical phones with 5", 5.2" and 5.5" screens. At the same time, the video displays drawings of such handsets, but ones that appear considerably bulky, and having some pretty unattractively-wide bezels. Finally, after LG has made the point that things usually get quite chubby around the 5.5-inch mark, it redraws the phone to have bezels of much thinner type - suggesting that the LG G3 will exhibit a great screen-to-size ratio, just like its predecessor, the G2.While the G2 had a 5.2" display, though, the G3 will obviously sport an even larger diagonal, at 5.5". We're very excited to see if the company has really managed to keep the phone's dimensions reasonable, considering the massive display! How about you - do you think that the LG G3 will live up to the great expectations and successfully challenge its fearsome rivals, such as the Galaxy S5 One (M8) and Xperia Z2
When Paris is in peril, Marinette becomes Ladybug. Little does she know, her school crush Adrien is actually Cat Noir, another city-saving superhero.
1. The Bubbler 22m Adrien's best friend, Nino, is akumatized into the Bubbler, a villain who traps adults in bubbles and sends them floating away into the atmosphere.
2. Mr. Pigeon 22m The akuma fighters try to apprehend Mr. Pigeon, a bird lover who has kidnapped all the park keepers in Paris, but Cat Noir's allergies interfere.
3. Stormy Weather 22m After losing a contest for TV weather girl, bitter Aurore is akumatized into the villain Stormy Weather, who traps Marinette's friend Alya in ice.
4. Timebreaker 22m When anger over a broken watch turns Alix into a time-traveling villain, it's up to Ladybug to return to the past and thwart her plans.
5. Copycat 22m A jealous sculptor in love with Ladybug akumatizes into Copycat, a duplicate of Cat Noir who tries to take his rival's place by Ladybug's side.
6. The Pharaoh 22m When a villain with the power of the ancient Egyptian gods wants to sacrifice Alya, Ladybug and Cat Noir must fight an army of mummies to rescue her.
7. Lady Wifi 22m Mistakenly believing that Chloé is Ladybug, Alya gets expelled from school for her nosiness and becomes akumatized into the villain Lady Wifi.
8. The Evillustrator 22m A fellow student with a crush on Marinette is akumatized into the Evillustrator, a villain that Cat Noir must face without Ladybug.
9. Rogercop 22m When he's fired by the mayor, police officer Roger becomes Rogercop, a villain who thinks he's enforcing the law by ruling Paris as a dictator.
10. Dark Cupid 22m Marinette considers declaring her feelings to Adrien for Valentine's Day, but first they must stop Dark Cupid, a villain bent on eradicating love.
11. Horrificator 22m During the filming of a short horror movie for Marinette's class, scared star Mylène is akumatized into a slimy monster that feeds on others' fears.
12. Darkblade 22m While Marinette tries to retrieve her diary from Chloé, Adrien's fencing teacher is akumatized into Darkblade, a villain who storms city hall.
13. The Mime 22m When Mylène's father loses a part in a play to his scheming understudy, he akumatizes into the Mime, a villain whose pantomimes become real.
14. Princess Fragrance 22m Marinette can't transform into Ladybug when classmate Rose is akumatized into a villain whose perfume lets her control Cat Noir and a visiting prince.
15. Ladybug & Cat Noir: Origins: Pt. 1 22m In a flashback, Ladybug and Cat Noir's origins are revealed, as Marinette befriends Alya and meets Adrien, a famous model with an overprotective dad.
16. Stoneheart: Origins: Pt. 2 22m In a continuing flashback to Ladybug and Cat Noir's origins, Marinette mistakes Adrien for a bully and hesitates to embrace her Ladybug persona.
17. Animan 22m A humiliated zookeeper is akumatized into a villainous shapeshifting animal on a day when Marinette, Adrien and friends are visiting the zoo in Paris.
18. Simon Says 22m A hypnotist akumatizes into Simon Says, a villain who can make anyone obey him with his deck of cards, and seeks revenge on Adrien's father.
19. Pixelator 22m Rejected by a rock star, an angry fan becomes Pixelator, who traps Parisians in his camera's memory until Cat Noir and Ladybug halt his photo spree.
20. Guitar Villain 22m Rock star Jagged Stone is akumatized into a supervillain who tries to transform all Parisians into fans and undermine his musical rival, Mr. XY.
21. Kung Food 22m When his dish at a competition is sabotaged, Marinette's great-uncle chef Wang Cheng becomes Kung Food, who recruits henchmen with his cooking.
22. Gamer 22m Marinette beats Adrien's video game tournament partner, Max, so she can replace him and spend time with her crush, but Max akumatizes into a villain.
23. Reflekta 22m Excluded from a class photo, dejected Juleka akumatizes into the villain Reflekta, who turns everyone, including Cat Noir, into copies of herself.
24. The Puppeteer 22m Marinette babysits little Manon, who becomes akumatized into the Puppeteer while playing with dolls of Ladybug, Cat Noir and some infamous villains.
25. Antibug 22m Crestfallen when her hero Ladybug refuses to heed her advice, Chloé akumatizes into Antibug, an evil twin of Ladybug with identical powers.
Square Enix's free-to-play MMO Nosgoth is currently only available on the PC platform via Steam's Early Access program and is still without an official release date. However, Nosgoth may not be confined to just the PC if a recent ratings decision by the Australian ratings board is to be believed.
The Australian Classification board recently rated the upcoming MMO and not surprisingly awarded the game an MA15+ rating for “strong bloody violence” and “online interactivity.” Whilst this won't surprise anybody in the slightest (it's a game that puts humans vs vampires, of course there will be blood!) what is surprising is that the same ratings committee listed Nosgoth as being a “multi platform” title.
Whilst this is far from confirmation that Nosgoth will be making the leap from PC to console, it's a pretty strong hint and it makes sense that Square Enix will want to expand the player-base with their latest free-to-play MMO.
For those who aren't aware, Nosgoth started out life as the multiplayer component in the cancelled Legacy of Kain: Dead Sun but following the cancellation of the single-player portion development was shifted to focus on creating a free-to-play MMO from the multiplayer section of the cancelled game.
It's currently only available on PC via Steam's Early Access and the general opinion of those who have played Nosgoth is that it's a decent game, so maybe this could be one to look out for sometime next year? In the meantime we'll just have to wait and see, or if you have a half decent PC you can jump into the fray and get a taste of Nosgoth.
Have you played Nosgoth? Would you be happy to see it release on the PS4 or Xbox One? Let us know down in the comments section down below.
via Classification.gov
NXT-ID, a biometric authentication company, has recently noted that more and more people now prefer bitcoin as a standard currency, particularly tourists. With bitcoin now being accepted at restaurants, amusement parks and gift shops, NXD-IT's Wocket, world's first electronic 'smart wallet', will assist consumers in making safe choices.
According to recent reports, interest in bitcoin has levelled off and blockchain is gaining popularity among the financial institutions. Wocket looks set to help users who want to utilize bitcoin or other digital currencies.
Following the launch of the smart wallet, that aims to simplify the use of bitcoin and other digital currencies, the shares of NXT-ID, Inc. (NASDAQ: NXTD) have been slashed by half as the stock market is witnessing difficult times especially with regard to the liquidity of the thinly-traded issues.
The company has also filed for a provisional patent 62/198989 for 'Electronic Cryptocurrency Management Method and System' in order to integrate cryptocurrency technology including bitcoin with the consumer payments market.
When you turn around while paying for your tickets, you'll see the original balcony
The Empire Theatre, now the AMC Empire 25 in Times Square has a colorful history, with an interior designed by Thomas Lamb who created many of New York's impressive theaters like the Loews Mayfair Theater nearby, the now abandoned RKO Keith's Theater in Flushing, and many along Broadway. Today, the theater is one of the centerpieces of the revitalized 42nd Street but it doesn't actually sit in its original location. In fact, the whole building was lifted from its foundation and moved 168 feet westwards in 1997. The 3,700 ton structure was converted into the entrance way to a new retail complex. The original Thomas Lamb interior is now the lobby of the AMC Theater and if you keep your eyes open, there are many fun historical details that have been left.
From the top of the escalator, you can get a glimpse of the old box seats:
From the center of the lobby, you'll see the original ceiling murals and sculptural details:
But the remnants don't stop in the lobby. At the top of the escalator, you're essentially where the backstage lighting area would have been:
Here's a glimpse into the shell of the theater:
An old stage door perhaps:
More original exposed brick:
And finally when you return to the lobby, you'll notice more of the original construction like these steps that would have led up to the balcony levels:
Decorative alcoves:
And a look down from the top of the escalator:
Read about 7 other historic buildings that have been moved from their original location. Get in touch with the author @untappedmich.
AMC Empire Theater, times square
A port of the MonoGame development framework is coming to PS4.
The open source engine based on the Microsoft XNA 4 Framework has already come to iOS, Android, Mac, Linux and Windows 8.
Nintendo recently brought the software on side for Wii U, a move that appears to be geared towards making the console more attractive to independent developers.
MonoGame is being ported to Sony's new system using Xamarin's Mono for PS4 port.
Tom Spilman of Sickhead Games is spearheading the PS4 version, and previously handled the Windows 8 port of MonoGame.
But while MonoGame is free its current platforms, the framework will be a paid for application on PS4, “due to the proprietary nature of console development”. Costs have not yet been determined, as the porting team said it is too early to predict.
Developers interested in the PS4 offering will need to be part of Sony's Console Developer Programme. Developers can register their interested with MonoGame by contacting monogameteam [at] gmail [dot] com.
Current ports of MonoGame will remain free.
Breitbart Senior Editor Milo Yiannopoulos will be speaking before a screening of Clinton Cash during the week of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio on Tuesday.
The new documentary, which is based on Breitbart Senior Editor-at-Large Peter Schweizer's book of the same name, will be screened at Tower City Cinemas in Cleveland, Ohio at 1:00pm on Tuesday as a coinciding event during the Republican National Convention week (although the event is not sponsored by the RNC.)
Schweizer will also join Yiannopoulos with an opening speech.
Clinton Cash is a must-see documentary that seeks to expose the corrupt, and sometimes terrifying, inner workings of the Clinton Foundation and the couple itself who have faced blistering heat from both conservative and liberal groups alike for their dodgy deals.
Clinton Cash investigates how Bill and Hillary Clinton went from being “dead broke” after leaving the White House to amassing a net worth of over $150 million, with over $2 billion in donations to their foundation. This wealth was accumulated during Mrs. Clinton's tenure as US Secretary of State through lucrative speaking fees and contracts paid for by foreign companies and Clinton Foundation donors. The film is based on the book, Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich, which dominated the headlines of the New York Times, Washington Post, and Wall Street Journal. The book's investigations revealed foreign donors and companies funneling tens of millions of dollars to Hillary and Bill Clinton. As Harvard Law School Professor Lawrence Lessig wrote in the Washington Post, “On any fair reading, the pattern of behavior that Schweizer has charged is corruption.” Clinton Cash has been lauded by top progressives for its exposure of crony capitalism and self-enrichment. Jeffrey D. Sachs, Columbia University Earth Institute Director, called it, “Compelling … how Bill and Hillary have mixed personal wealth, power, and influence peddling.” Daily Beast columnist Eleanor Clift calls Schweizer “… an equal-opportunity investigator, snaring Republicans as well as Democrats.” And Demos Senior Fellow Nomi Prins says Clinton Cash “… provides a damning portrait of elite and circumspect power and influence.
The event will be followed by a Q&A session with Schweizer and is free for anyone to attend, regardless of whether you are attending the Republican National Convention. You can sign up for a place at the screening here.
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.
Despite the Indiana Pacers jumping out to an 18-6 lead against the Chicago Bulls, the Pacers couldn't work towards their fourth straight win without getting caught in an all-too-familiar grind it out slugfest against their Central Division foe. After their hot start, Indiana succumbed to a dry spell from the floor, getting just one point in the next five minutes, doing a terrible job at the same time of closing out second chance points, as Chicago thrived, scoring 11 in the quarter.
The Pacers maintained a close lead over Chicago at 23-20 heading into the second quarter, eventually falling behind halfway through the second as the Pacers had no answer defensively in stopping Doug McDermott, who stepped in, scoring 12 points in the second, forcing Indiana into a 39-37 hole late in the quarter. The Pacers would score eight straight to regain the lead at the break at 45-42.
One big streak of the Pacers was their play in sprints, getting enough of a push to put the Bulls in rearview, though they did struggle in the marathon portion of the game as the Bulls ground their way back into contention. Indiana jumped out hot in the third again, scoring eight straight to go up 53-42, but five possessions later the Bulls were only down a point thanks to eight from Mike Dunleavy, who hit a pair of threes.
Chicago once again took the lead late in the third at 62-61, but five big points from the Pacers gave them enough of a cushion to hold serve against a late Bulls push, including a McDermott put back at the buzzer that tied the game at 66-66 heading into the final quarter. Once there, Chicago scored two at the line to open the quarter, taking a 68-66 lead, forcing the Pacers to play from behind yet again.
The Pacers responded in a big way, scoring the next seven, holding Chicago scoreless for three minutes, taking a 73-68 lead, keeping Chicago at arm's length at 77-74 as the fourth quarter wound towards its halfway mark. While Indiana led only three at the time, the game had begun shifting in Indiana's favor, with the Bulls inching slower on the second night of their back-to-back.
C.J. Miles hit a key three to move Indiana ahead by eight on an inbounds from Rodney Stuckey with the Pacers taking an 87-76 lead with three and a half minutes remaining, the Bulls entering their fourth minute without a field goal. Chicago looked to create extra possessions by implementing a Hack-a-Ian strategy to punish Ian Mahinmi, who has been nothing short of a disaster from the free throw line this season.
The strategy worked to start, with Mahinmi missing his two free throws, but Miles came up with the offensive board to give Indiana another possession and another shot at the line for Mahinmi. In a trip that could've glued him to the bench for the rest of the game, Mahinmi drilled the next two free throws and following a Dunleavy turnovers, returned to the line to split his next trip after hitting his third straight free throw.
Indiana lead 94-80 after the Mahinmi free throws, and up 12 on the following possession got two huge offensive rebounds that would all but seal the win, as Mahinmi, unabashed, found himself at the free throw line yet again, and with a confidence not seen all season from the line, found the bottom of the net on both attempts as Indiana wrapped up a 98-84 victory thanks in large part to Mahinmi's contributions late.
Mahinmi wrapped up his night with a 14 point, 11 rebounds double double, both sides well deserved and reached with his play late in the fourth quarter. Mahinmi had six of Indiana's 15 offensive boards, including a 6-10 night from the line, hitting five of his last six attempts. Without Roy Hibbert making a big contribution, it was huge for the Pacers that Mahinmi not only came through, but came up with Indiana needing the final push to put the game out of reach.
Indiana closed out the Bulls in the fourth quarter 32-18, putting themselves over 40% for the night, while holding Chicago to 36%. The Pacers were killed on second chance points early, 11 on eight offensive boards in the first quarter, but adjusted by only allowing six the rest of the game, though the escalated concern for second chance points gave Chicago crucial points when they did come up with them.
Though Indiana's bench outscored Chicago's 49-36, it felt as if Chicago's pushes came through their bench, led by Doug McDermott, who had a career best 16. McDermott was on point in his play, making a shamockery of whatever semblance of defensive abilities Damjan Rudez may or may not have. Forget Indiana's inability to come up with rebounds early, it was the play of McDermott that gave Chicago life in the second and third quarters, his own misses proving better stops than Rudez provided.
Rodney Stuckey and C.J. Watson had solid games, scoring 12 & 11 apiece, also dishing out nine combined assists. Watson marched to the line at will, shooting 7-9 with Stuckey and Luis Scola (who had seven points and six boards) each shooting four. The play of the bench was necessary with foul trouble haunting David West and George Hill, who still played relatively effective in shorter minutes, dishing all 11 of the starting lineup's assists, with West posting a 10 point, 10 rebounds double double.
Indiana was helped by an energized Solomon Hill, who scored a team high 16 points on 5-10 shooting. For Solo, it was a not-so-common night where he took a large role in the offense, finding success when attacking the basket, but also the rare kind of night where he settled on offense, taking a couple of bad three point looks despite a 2-4 night from deep.
For the Pacers, the game was their fourth straight win, a season best, and saw them completing their four game home stand at 4-0. Indiana improved to 27-34 on the season, moving them back into the eighth seed, thanks to a loss from Miami giving them the tiebreaker. Around the East, Charlotte also won their fourth straight to remain a half game ahead of the Pacers, and a win by the Celtics and loss by the Nets moves both teams 1 1/2 games behind Indiana in 10th & 11th place.
The Pacers will have a chance to extend their winning streak in their only trip away from Bankers Life Fieldhouse before another four game home stand when they travel to Madison Square Garden to face the New York Knicks tomorrow night. The Pacers are fresh off a second beatdown of the Knicks on the season, making tomorrow night's game a difficult task for Indiana against a New York team that will be playing to avoid a third straight blowout loss to the Pacers.
Image caption Steve Worswick has spent nine years refining the code behind the Mitsuku chatbot
A chatbot called Mitsuku has won an annual contest to see if computers can convincingly imitate humans.
The chatbot took top prize in the Loebner contest that puts the artificially intelligent programs through their paces.
The contest involves the programs trying to convince judges they are human by answering questions put to them via an instant message system.
Briton Steve Worswick who wrote Mitsuku won $4,000 (£2,500) for his creation.
World knowledge
Created by US businessman Hugh Loebner, the annual competition is an attempt to stage a real-world test of a question posed by mathematician Alan Turing in the 1950s.
Turing suggested that if the responses a computer gave to a series of questions were as convincing as those from a human it could reasonably be said to be thinking.
Mr Loebner has offered a prize of $100,000 (£62,000) for the computer program that meets Turing's standard for artificial intelligence but in the 22 years the competition has been running that cash has gone unclaimed.
The four finalists in the 2013 contest went through a series of rounds which saw them chat via text with the competition judges. After four rounds of questioning the Mitsuku chatbot was declared to be the most convincing.
Mr Worswick said he started programming chatbots as a way to engage visitors to a website that showcased his dance music.
The first iteration of his home-grown chatbot was a teddy bear, he told the BBC.
"Eventually I found that visitors were wanting to talk to the teddy bear rather than listen to the music," he said.
His work on chatbots got a bigger boost in 2004 when he was commissioned by a games company to write one called Mitsuku. This also lived on a website and the many conversations it has had with visitors has helped Mr Worswick refine its conversational abilities.
That helped during the final, he said, because some of the questions the chatbots get asked are designed to catch them out.
Image caption The Turing Test was dreamt up as a way to assess the intelligence of computer programs.
Tricky questions include: "How many plums can I fit in a shoe?" and "Which is bigger, a big lion or a small mountain?"
Answering This involves writing a program that does much more than just grab canned responses from a long list of possible answers, said Mr Worswick.
"The difficulty is trying to teach these things about the world because they have no sensory input," he said. Mitsuku has been built upon the Pandora bot pen source chatbot code and tools.
Although he has entered the Loebner contest before, 2013 was the first year he made it to the final. Winning, he said, was a big surprise.
"I was thinking I'd use this year as a learning experience to prepare for a win next year. I thought I'd probably come second or third," he said. "Winning is a dream come true."
Eric Schmidt's seen fit to respond to Oracle CEO Larry Ellison's incendiary anti-Google comments. Specifically, the executive chairman challenges Ellison's claim that Google "took [Oracle's] stuff" through its use of Java in Android. Ellison said Google (and CEO Larry Page) acted "absolutely evil" with regards to the $6 billion Java legal battle, which Oracle ultimately lost. Schmidt responds today that Ellison's claims are "simply untrue" in a public post on Google+, explaining that the court's ruling in Google's favor "protects a principle vital to innovation: you cannot copyright an idea, like a method of operation." The argument will likely do little to convince Ellison (he clearly remains unhappy with the jury's decision that Google didn't infringe any patents), and Schmidt clearly still has some strong feelings on the subject, ending his note by saying "I had the privilege, thanks to Oracle, of testifying in this trial."
Community Spotlight - John 'Kerrash' Virgo
As one of the first ever people to represent Elite Dangerous at a tradeshow event, John 'Kerrash' Virgo, is the type of person the word ambassador was made for. One of the longest standing livestreamers of Elite, John also takes part in popular Elite podcasts, is an active moderator on the Frontier forums, and was demoing the game for us as an ambassador even at the Premiere event (John took to the stage to take part in the 'big reveal' moment where the Imperial Interdictor was shown for the first time). So why does John put so much of his time and effort in to supporting our community?
"As merely a fan of the game, the entire experience has been wonderful to be part of. Elite Dangerous is to myself as Half-life 3 is to many, I have waited since I was a child for this game; to see it finally here is a dream come true. Seeing others enjoy it as I do fill me with joy and the community has been so positive," he said.
As the playerbase grows, John's favour has turned towards the burgenoing cooperative behaviour displayed by the community, and the technology behind the game. "I enjoy any kind of co-operative activity in the game. Multiplayer has brought the game to life in such away that I only dreamed about in the prequels. The recent Hutton community goal is a fantastic example of this. In addition to that, the technology behind the Cobra engine is fascinating; I believe procedural generation is a key technology for all future games."
John streams under the name Kerrash, and can be seen at least once a week on his channel at 20:00 GMT, Kerrash Landing. "I spend the majority of my time creating the weekly community live stream that I started. Kerrash Landing began as a challenge to achieve the Elite combat rank in Frontier: Elite 2 on the Amiga; before the release of the first Alpha of Elite Dangerous. It soon expanded into a weekly show where I like to highlight members of the community and their contributions."
As important as the streams are for John, the thing that he most enjoys are his ambassadorial duties. "Helping as an ambassador is the most important thing for me. Being able to help give something back to the team that has created the game for us, is both an honour and a privilege that I am truly grateful of. Helping demonstrate and to introduce people into the game is such a joy, the reaction from people when the try to comprehend the scope of the game is priceless.
"There is such a positive atmosphere from the community projects and events that the fans have organised. Everything from the annual LaveCon event organised by LaveRadio.com to facebook groups that pop up for events and player 'clans'. It's just marvelous to see people embracing a collaborative approach to enjoying the game like this. My first experience of the Elite franchise was watching my father play the ZX Spectrum version, later I bought and played Frontier: Elite 2 on the Amiga when I was 10, it's no understatement to say it changed my perspective on games. I backed the KickStarter for Elite Dangerous minutes after David Braben's first tweet and played the game as soon as the first Alpha hit."
Looking to the future, John plans to support the game in any way he can. "I see no end to my plans to continue to support the game in anyway I can. I will continue to live stream and be an ambassador as long as Frontier are happy for me to do so. With an entire galaxy to play in, this could be a very, very long time..."
The community team can't thank John 'Kerrash' Virgo enough for everything he's done so far. It's a pleasure to spend time with such an enthusiastic, hard-working and kind ambassador. See you in the void commander.
As the federal Liberals prepare for what's expected to be an expansion of Canada's foreign worker programs, a new study says businesses have been increasingly hiring foreign nationals without proving no Canadians could be found to do the job.
The report also says the new free trade deals negotiated by Canada will further increase the number of foreign nationals hired without seeking a Canadian, if the agreements are ratified.
The Conference Board of Canada study released this week found that, between 2010 and 2014, there was a small decline in the number of people coming into Canada under parts of the foreign worker program that require proving the employer couldn't find a Canadian.
But from 2004 to 2014, there was a tripling in the number of workers who get permits that don't require seeking a Canadian for the job. More than 194,000 such permits were signed in 2014, roughly double the number of permits that require seeking a Canadian.
Temporary foreign workers sort and grade cherries at the Jealous Fruits plant near Kelowna, B.C. in 2014. (Photo: John Lehmann/The Globe and Mail via The Canadian Press)
Overall, 360,000 temporary work permits were signed in 2014, an increase of 64 per cent from a decade earlier, the Conference Board report said.
A recent Nanos poll found three-quarters of Canadians oppose or "somewhat oppose" allowing foreign workers to be employed while Canadians qualified for the same jobs are looking for work.
Chart: Nanos Research, in a study for the Globe and Mail
The previous Conservative government reformed the TFW program in 2014, following an outcry over reports that Royal Bank of Canada required staffers who would soon be laid off to train their foreign-worker replacements.
The Tories split the previous arrangement into into two parts:
A new, more restrictive TFW program that requires proof that an employer couldn't find a Canadian (known as a “Labour Market Impact Assessment,” or LMIA);
And various International Mobility Programs (IMPs), which don't have that requirement.
The new TFW program is aimed primarily at low-skilled workers, while the IMPs are targeted at higher-skilled workers, in general.
(Chart: Conference Board of Canada)
The Conference Board study authors suspect that employers are using these IMPs to avoid having to prove they couldn't find a Canadian for the job — but they admit that the labour market data isn't there to prove it.
"There are substantially more opportunities for interested foreign nationals to obtain a temporary work permit in Canada under the IMP than the TFWP," the authors wrote.
"Therefore, it is possible that some workers and employers could be using the IMP to circumvent stricter TFWP requirements — though definitive evidence is lacking."
Dearth of data on foreign workers in Canada
The study criticized what it saw as a dearth of data on foreign workers in Canada, which "hinders policy-makers' ability to make informed decisions that are critical to the country's economic performance."
They called the IMPs "especially problematic" because those work permits are not subject to the same reporting requirements as those under the TFW program.
"Consequently, it is difficult to know the types of jobs open work permit holders are taking in Canada and what effect they may be having on the domestic labour market."
Immigration Minister John McCallum has signalled Canada aims to expand its foreign worker program and other avenues for entry into Canada. (Photo: The Canadian Press)
The federal Liberals have recently signalled that they plan to expand Canada's foreign-worker programs, pending a review scheduled to be released later this month.
During a trip to China last month, Immigration Minister John McCallum indicated his government wants to see a larger flow of migrants from China into Canada — not just temporary foreign workers, but students, tourists and others as well.
In terms of the flow of Chinese nationals into Canada, “we want to get it even bigger,” McCallum said.
The Conference Board noted that two free trade deals the Liberals aim to sign would further expand the number of foreign workers allowed to work in Canada without proof a Canadian couldn't be found.
Leaders of the 12 countries negotiating the TPP pose for a family photo prior to a meeting on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Summit in Manila on November 18, 2015. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is third from left. (Photo: Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images)
The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) between 12 Pacific Rim nations, and the Canada-EU trade pact, known as CETA, would increase labour mobility between partner countries, allowing Canadians to work in those countries under certain circumstances, and allowing foreign nationals to work in Canada as well.
However, both free trade deals are on the rocks. CETA is facing grassroots opposition in Europe by opponents who call it a corporate power grab, and the TPP has ground to a halt, mainly due to the fact that both U.S. presidential candidates officially oppose it.
The Conference Board of Canada's vice-president for industry and business strategy, Michael Bloom, said "balance" is the key to building a proper foreign worker program.
"The government has a legitimate role to monitor the TFWP to ensure domestic workers are given priority in the labour market," he said in a statement. "Employers across Canada would like enough flexibility to fill their temporary employment needs when domestic workers are unavailable to do the job."
But, he added, "The Canadian public wants assurance that foreign workers are supplementing, rather than supplanting domestic workers. And protections must be in place to ensure temporary foreign workers are treated fairly by employers."
Also on HuffPost
Carlisle was hit by a vehicle on the A64 in North Yorkshire on 22 December
Former Burnley defender Clarke Carlisle was attempting to take his own life when he was hit by a lorry in December, he has revealed.
Carlisle told the Sun newspaper he had been left severely depressed by the end of his football career, financial problems and the loss of a TV punditry role.
The 35-year-old left hospital on 30 January, six weeks after being struck in North Yorkshire.
"This was my lowest point," he said.
Carlisle, speaking on Time to Talk Day, which aims to raise awareness of mental health issues, was chairman of the Professional Footballers' Association between 2010 and 2013 and remains on the PFA's management committee.
Born in Preston, he started his career at Blackpool and made more than 500 appearances for nine clubs in a playing career that spanned 16 years, finishing at Northampton in 2013.
Media playback is not supported on this device Clarke Carlisle talks about his suicide attempt
Carlisle was airlifted to Leeds General Infirmary following the 22 December incident on the A64 Leeds to York road.
He had suffered cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and shattered left knee.
On Christmas Day he was admitted as an in-patient to a psychiatric unit in Harrogate before his release last Friday.
He said he had reached "an epiphany" that he is "incredibly unwell".
"I ventured out of my room not as Clarke the ex-footballer, but as Clarke, a mental health patient," he said.
"That was the first step in my road to recovery."
Carlisle faces a charge of failing to provide a sample after being stopped by police on 20 December - just two days before his suicide bid.
The first footballer to appear on Question Time, Carlisle has previously spoken out about depression and suicide in professional sport and presented a BBC Three documentary on the subject.
Carlisle, pictured with Wade Elliott, helped Burnley win promotion to the Premier League by defeating Sheffield United in the 2009 Championship play-off
In the interview, he said his wife Gemma had seen a "steady decline" since he left Burnley in 2012.
"I missed a sense of belonging, a sense of worth and value in life," he said.
"You see someone in the street and they'd say, 'didn't you used to be Clarke Carlisle?' I laughed the first few off but after a while it eats at your core."
Carlisle's wife Gemma has published a series of updates on her husband's condition on Twitter since the incident.
Carlisle appeared on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show in June 2012
On Wednesday night she tweeted: "Clarke and I thought very long and hard about this over the last week and feel that as you all supported us so immensely through this ordeal you deserved the truth.
"We also want to highlight and create understanding for a lot of issues and feel it would be hypocritical of us to say nothing."
Marjorie Wallace, chief executive of the mental health charity SANE, said: "We admire Clarke Carlisle and his family for speaking openly about his depression and his fight for recovery. This will encourage many thousands of others who will be experiencing despair in silence and without help."
AHMEDABAD: The Aam Aadmi Party , which jumped into the electoral fray accusing Congress and BJP of favouring 'crony-capitalism', seems to be doing 'poorly' in Gujarat as seven of its Lok Sabha nominees have managed to get only Rs 10 as poll funds.According to the party's official website, AAP 's Ravji Paramar from Anand L S seat, Arjun Rathwa from Chhota Udepur, K C Munia from Dahod, Rajendra Jhala from Jamnagar, Labhu Badhiwala from Kheda, Vandana Patel from Mehsana and Mehul Patel from Navsari have barely touched the double digit mark in poll-funds.Those candidates who have managed to reached three figures are: Sanjay Raval (Rs 611) from Banaskantha Lok Sabha seat, Mansukh Dhokhi (Rs 100) and Jetha Patel (Rs 733) from Surendranagar.Atul Shekhda from Junagadh seat is on the top with the poll-fund of Rs 33,321, followed by Amreli's candidate Nathalal Sukhadia with Rs 30,977.AAP's 24 candidates have been contesting the Lok Sabha election, out of which 21 candidates' fund details are available with the party.If the entire fund of the party's LS candidates in Gujarat are put together, it totals to Rs 1.31 lakh.While some candidates believe this fund-cruch is posing problems during election time, the party is still maintaining that they are getting good support."We are the new party so we have not got good amount of funds, we are facing a huge problem as party-workers have to spend their own money in campaigning," AAP's Anand nominee Ravji Parmar said."Some of the good people around them arrange tea and refreshments for party-workers while some of them have provided their offices for party activities," he said.Patel says they are campaigning in the area of poor people so they do not prefer to ask for donation.Vandana Patel, a candidate from Mehsana seat, initially said she is getting sufficient funds.However, she feigned ignorance about the party's website detail which suggests she has only got Rs 10."Our well wishers are funding us, but sometimes we can not send those details to party office," Patel said, adding she does not have much information on her poll-funds.AAP's Chhota Udepur candidate Arjun Rathwa, who will face a four-wing battle against Congress' Naran Rathwa, BJP's Ramsinh Rathwa and JDU's Kishor Vasava has also got Rs 10 as poll fund."I got only ten rupees. We did not get good funds as it is a tribal area, it is an area of poor people. Some of the people are helping voluntarily, but the situation is really problematic for us," Arjun Rathwa told PTI.However, party's state spokesperson Harshil Nayak denied the crunch and said, "Our website must have not been updated or it may be reflecting online funds."Political analyst Dinesh Shukla sees the fund-crunch difficulty of AAP as less support from mass."They (AAP) are not a well-known face in Gujarat so they have not been getting people's support. This is the reason behind the fund crunch of their candidate," he said.Shukla also said people do have much faith in AAP as after the Delhi turnaround, the effect of which will be seen here too.Also, AAP does not have workers who can go and collect funds.Congress and BJP have paid workers who can double their funds. In such a context, they will be facing fund-crunches, Shukla said, adding AAP will also face difficulty in securing votes.
OnePlus X Finally Receives Android 6.0 via OxygenOS 3.1.0 Community Build
Time to wait for Nougat!
At the time of its release, the OnePlus X was a decent entry into the early-mid ranges in the smartphone market. For an affordable price, you basically got the internals of the OnePlus One in a smaller package, and that wasn't a bad thing.
But lately, thanks to increased competition from various sources, the OnePlus X has not remained the most recommended of products.
One of the reasons of its fall in recommendability was the lack of attention that OnePlus gave to the product after it was launched. While even the OnePlus 2 had to wait for a while to get its official taste of Android 6.0 Marshmallow, owners of the OnePlus X all but gave up on any hopes of receiving official update love.
Well, if you were hoping for some good news on that front, today is your lucky day. OnePlus has released a community build of OxygenOS 3.1.0 based on Android 6.0 Marshmallow for the OnePlus X. Just like it was with the OnePlus 2, this build is intended for the adventurous community to try out and find bugs on, before official OTA updates begin rolling it out for all users.
Apart from the rebasing onto the latest (for now) Android version of Marshmallow, here is what else is new:
Launcher upgrades New icon packs Google search bar UI customization New wallpaper picker
Shelf UX improvements Long press boards to rearrange or remove
General system performance improvement
Setting changes New (native Android) app permissions New Alert Slider settings with more customization options
New apps OnePlus Music Player OnePlus Gallery
August 1 security patches for Android
There are a few known issues with this community build:
Mobile network stability issues in some regions
Some 3rd party apps may experience some compatibility issues
Language localization is still being improved
But, if you find more, you can help OnePlus fix it by reporting them on the attached form. You can also comment with thoughts and suggestions on their forum thread.
For downloads, head on over here for the official link. OnePlus might pull the link if they have enough feedback, so hurry up if you want to donwload. As always, there is a discussion thread over at our forums too if you are looking to discuss this update with fellow users.
Even though OnePlus has eventually gotten around to releasing the Android 6.0 update to the OnePlus X, the update still feels like a case of too little, too late since Android 7.0 is just around the corner now. That said, something's better than nothing, so enjoy the new update!
What are your thoughts on the update? Have you tried it? Let us know in the comments below!
The NHL is expanding next season as it adds a new team, the Las Vegas Golden Knights. To fill out their roster, the league is holding an expansion draft that entitles the Golden Knights to select one player from each of the 30 current NHL teams. Find out how this could impact the Blackhawks.
The Chicago Blackhawks have made another massive trade on Friday before the NHL Draft, sending Artemi Panarin to the Columbus Blue Jackets in exchange for Brandon Saad.
Panarin scored 61 goals and dished out 90 assists in two seasons with the Blackhawks. The winger signed a two-year contract extension with the Blackhawks earlier this year, but his $6 million annual salary will head to Columbus as part of the deal.
"We thank Artemi for the immediate impact he made on our lineup during his seamless transition to the NHL," Blackhawks G.M. Stan Bowman said. "His rookie year will always rank among the best in franchise history and his exciting style of play provided many memorable moments for our fans during his two seasons as a member of the team."
The Blackhawks traded Saad to the Blue Jackets in 2015 after they won their third Stanley Cup in six seasons. Saad signed a six-year deal worth $36 million with the Jackets, and he still has four years left on that deal as he returns to Chicago after winning two championships with the team.
Saad scored 24 goals and picked up 29 assists for the Blue Jackets last year as they racked up one of the best records in the NHL.
The Blackhawks will also get goaltender Anton Forsberg and a fifth round pick in the 2018 draft in the swap. The Blue Jackets will also receive forward Tyler Motte and a 2017 sixth-round pick.
We'll have more details as they come in on this breaking story.
Why 7's been a lucky number BY MIKE LOMBARDI
One of the most frequently asked questions posed to Boeing company historians is, "How did Boeing come up with the 7-7 name for its commercial jets?" There are many myths about the Boeing 7-7 name, one of the most famous brands in history. People who lean toward math and engineering are certain that 707 was chosen because it is the sine of the angle of wing sweep on a 707. It's not, since the wing sweep is 35 degrees and not 45. However, more people lean toward superstition and feel that the positive connotation of the number seven was the reason it was selected. The truth is a bit more mundane. Boeing has assigned sequential model numbers to its designs for decades, as have most aircraft manufacturers. Boeing commercial aircraft use their model number as their popular name: Model 40, Model 80, Model 247, Model 307 Stratoliner and Model 377 Stratocruiser. Boeing planes built for the military are best remembered by their military designations, such as the B-17 Flying Fortress or the B-52 Stratofortress. These airplanes also had Boeing model numbers assigned to them-the B-17 is the Boeing Model 299 and the B-52 is the Boeing Model 454. After World War II, Boeing was a military airplane company. William Allen, Boeing president at the time, decided that the company needed to expand back into commercial airplanes and pursue the new fields of missiles and spacecraft. To support this diversification strategy, the engineering department divided the model numbers into blocks of 100 for each of the new product areas: 300s and 400s continued to represent aircraft, 500s would be used on turbine engines, 600s for rockets and missiles and 700s were set aside for jet transport aircraft. Boeing developed the world's first large swept-wing jet, the B-47. That aircraft sparked interest with some of the airlines. One in particular, Pan Am, asked Boeing to determine its feasibility as commercial jet transport. At the same time, Boeing began studies on converting the propeller-driven model 367 Stratotanker, better known as the KC-97, into a jet-powered tanker that would be able to keep pace with the B-52 during in-flight refueling. Boeing product development went through several renditions of the model 367, and finally a version numbered 367-80 was selected. It was soon nicknamed the "Dash 80." Boeing took a calculated risk by financing the development and construction of the Dash 80 prototype with its own funds. The goal was to put the airplane into production as both an Air Force tanker/transport and commercial jet transport. Since both of these offspring of the Dash 80 would be jet transports, the model number system called for a number in the 700s to identify the two new planes. The marketing department decided that "Model 700" did not have a good ring to it for the company's first commercial jet. So they decided to skip ahead to Model 707 because that reiteration seemed a bit catchier. Following that pattern, the other offspring of the Dash 80, the Air Force tanker, was given the model number 717. Since it was an Air Force plane, it was also given a military designation of KC-135. After 717 was assigned to the KC-135, the marketing department made the decision that all remaining model numbers that began and or ended in 7 would be reserved exclusively for commercial jets. (After the Boeing-McDonnell Douglas merger in the late 1990s, the model number 717 was reused to identify the MD-95 as part of the Boeing commercial jet family.) Other than the 717, the only anomaly to the Boeing commercial jet numbering system was the Boeing model 720. The 720 was a short-range, high-performance version of the 707 and was first marketed to the airlines as the model 707-020. United Airlines was very interested in the 707-020 but had previously decided to go with Douglas and the DC-8. To help United avoid any negative public relations for going back to the 707, Boeing changed the name of the 707-020 to the 720. Since the naming of the initial 717, all Boeing commercial jets have been named in succession based on the 7-7 formula: 727, 737, 747 . up to the latest Boeing commercial jet transport, the 7E7. michael.j.lombardi@boeing.com
The Abbott government will consider legal action to recoup more than $40 million wasted on Australia's futile bid to host the 2022 football World Cup, won by oil-rich Qatar on the back of alleged systematic bribery.
Minister for Sport Peter Dutton said the government would ''consider options'' to claw back the money after reports that Qatari officials showered cash on football officials across the globe to secure the hosting rights in a landslide. Australia pulled just one vote.
Minister for Sport Peter Dutton has said the government will consider its position.
Australian Football Federation chairman Frank Lowy has demanded FIFA return the money, while former Soccer Australia boss David Hill has said the Rudd government was ''mad'' to risk public funds ''when everybody knew the process was crook".
Qatar's apparent foul play has become a topic of concern in Canberra, with the head of the Health Department - which now oversees the Sport portfolio - agreeing that the process was ''crooked''.
Wife and Daughter locked in a room for over 5 years!
A 36-year-old woman and an 11-year-old minor girl were rescued after being locked in a room for over 5 years. This incident took place in West Bengal. The woman and the minor girl were identified as Manju and Tota. It's the husband, Manobendra who has kept the both inside that room for so long.
According to one of the relative, ‘whenever we knocked the door, a woman replied claiming to be Manju. She threatened she would commit suicide if we did not leave.'
While another relative stated that, ‘we spoke to Manju 4 years back on phone. After that, we never got a chance to speak to her. We have no idea of what is happening in that house.'
The room's windows are covered with black plastic papers to stop the sunlight from entering.
them from the room which was dirty and unhygienic. Astonishingly, the woman claimed that she was leading a happy life, and has filed no complaint against her husband Manobendra.
Few people in the village stated that Manobendra married another lady, and it was that lady who was introduced as Manju to many people. The minor girl, Tota used to study 1st grade in a local school in the village.
Posted November 3, 2017, 7:37 pm at 19:37
In Kenya, Political Puppets Give Voice To Satire
Enlarge this image toggle caption The XYZ Show/YouTube The XYZ Show/YouTube
Kenyans go to the polls Monday to pick a new president. The last election, in 2007, was followed by weeks of tribal violence, in some cases orchestrated by politicians themselves. This time around, one of the presidential candidates is accused of war crimes and many are accused of land grabbing and corruption.
The XYZ Show, Kenya's version of The Daily Show, is making it all a laughing matter. The TV show uses puppets to poke relentless fun of Kenyan politicians. While fueled by the public's frustration, the show is also an example of the free speech the citizens have not always had.
In the mock XYZ Show presidential debate in February, which aired the night before the real presidential debate in Kenya, the puppet moderator asked pointed factual questions. The moderator prods the character of presidential candidate Raila Odinga about the doubling of interest rates during his time as prime minister.
But the puppet politicians never answer the questions asked. They just give speeches.
"I think you should not ask what Raila has done as prime minister of this country," the Odinga puppet replies. "But rather ask yourself what you will do for Raila when he becomes the president of this republic!"
Jon Stewart once described the writers' room at The Daily Show as "a gathering of curmudgeons expressing frustration and upset."
In the writers' room of The XYZ Show, there is a lot more frustration than humor. The week of the presidential debate, staff writer and music producer Julian Macharia spent a few minutes ripping the real event.
"The questions from the public, for pete's sake, 'What will you do for our teachers?' I felt like saying, what? How about ask, 'What happened to the last three promises?' " he says.
Head writer Lily Wanjiku says the greed is "out of control."
A music video produced by The XYZ Show features puppets of Kenyan politicians singing "Gangsta Style," a remix of Psy's "Gangnam Style." The XYZ Show YouTube
"The news makes me angry," she says.
Macharia says The XYZ Show isn't just trying to make fun of political leaders. It's trying to cut them down to size in a country where politicians are so exalted that corruption can be seen as an entitlement of office.
"For me, I think we need to reduce the aura of politicians," he says. "People need to appreciate they're actually working for you. They're at the level of any other civil servant."
That means he's not above having politicians dance "Gangnam Style" in celebration of their luxury lifestyle or making the president rap in a Lil Wayne parody about the nearly $12 million exit package he awarded himself. The show also aired an "If Kenya Was Perfect" episode, where all the major political candidates and leaders are thrown in The Hague, seat of the International Criminal Court.
If there is one thing Macharia does give his president credit for, it's for not tossing him in jail for all these jokes.
"The one thing definitely [President Mwai Kibaki] has created is freedom of the press," he says. "To get to seven seasons — not one of us has ever been arrested or called in for questioning."
XYZ's sister show in South Africa was banned from the air. In many countries, satirists wouldn't dare try.
"I mean, the things I'm able to do with the politicians! I would say it's a true verbal democracy," he says. "You really can say whatever you want. People don't fear anymore, not like before."
In another parody, the show criticizes President Kibaki Moi's $12 million exit package. He raps in a version of Lil Wayne's "Make It Rain." The XYZ Show YouTube
They may not be afraid of speaking out, but there is still a lot of fear around Monday's presidential election.
One of the candidates, Uhuru Kenyatta, is not only leading in the polls, he's also facing charges of war crimes at the International Criminal Court. Kenyatta is accused of organizing a campaign of violence in 2008, including murder and rape, against supporters of rival Odinga.
Now, he and Odinga are neck-and-neck in Monday's contest.
"From my perspective, The XYZ Show has always been trying to show the politicians for who they are," Macharia says.
He says if someone were given money by a stranger and told to fight for their community, they would see it as a crime.
"But if it's a politician, I don't know why, they see it suddenly as self-defense," he says. "You know, attack before you are attacked."
Macharia won't be voting in the election; he's abstaining out of contempt. But he says he hopes The XYZ Show helps Kenyans take their leaders a little less seriously.
Well, of course England has always been ‘multilingual' if it was ‘always multiracial' as the true-believing multicultist academics assert.
In fact the blogger who wrote the article quoted at the link claims that all of the British Isles were ‘multilingual', always. And the blogger, who is a British academic, boasts of how many re-tweets she got when she tweeted this assertion (to rebut the contrary claims of a Brexit supporter). She says she got over 600 retweets and ‘1,500 likes'. How many of those likes and re-tweets were from immigrants? Probably a majority, and the rest were true-believing multicultis, many of them probably fellow academics, maybe colleagues of hers.
The blogger (whom I will not link) also disparages Richard Spenser, calling him a ‘White supremacist' and alludes to others of like mind, and presumably Spencer himself, as a ‘racist'. I am certain she would include me in that category as well; anybody who actually believes England and the British Isles to have been historically White is called a “racist” by the left. Stating that simple fact is prima facie evidence of ”racism” in their (bigoted) book. Spencer's tweet:
The blogger claims it isn't clear which ‘invasion of the British Isles' Spencer is talking about. Actually, Ms Academic, he says his ancestors ‘conquered England' not ‘invaded the British Isles.‘ Rather an important distinction there. I thought precision and accuracy were important to scholars, but apparently not these days, or not when scoring points against vile racists. Sloppy use of language there, Madame Professor.
England is not identical with Britain, nor is England interchangeable with ‘the British Isles'. Invading is not conquering. Apparently Spenser is implying he is a descendant of the Normans who conquered England in 1066. His surname would imply that anyway; the name Spencer is from the Norman ‘De Spencer' or ‘Le Despenser', surnames which figure prominently at certain points in English history. Lots of descendants of that Norman family live here in the U.S., at least judging from the commonness of that surname.
So Richard Spencer is saying that he is a descendant of Normans and that people like him belong more truly to England than the current tide of immigrants and ‘refugees' who are making Britain (not just England) a multiracial, multilingual, true Tower of Babel.
As for Richard Spencer himself, I'm ambivalent about him. Is he, as some say, an ‘operative', a plant, or otherwise not to be trusted? A self-promoter? I don't know. However, this universal leftist practice of calling anyone who is not an anti-White leftist a ”white supremacist” and ”racist” is wrong. I would think that a professor, an academic and ”scholar” should use language with precision, and use words accurately. This rhetoric of calling ideological enemies ‘racists' and ‘supremacists' is either carelessness with words, or it is malicious misuse of words, using them as weapons. But then the word ‘racist' was invented by leftists in the late 1930s for precisely that purpose: to discredit people who held traditional attitudes about their race and people, to criminalize or ”demonize” normal bonds between kinsmen.
Being patriotic and loyal to one's own folk or race is not ‘supremacist'; if so, most of the world's normal people are ‘supremacists' of their own race, and ”racists” to boot. There should be a term for people who want ‘people of color' to dominate the planet; what should they be called? Because make no mistake, the left wants to ensure that White people dwindle in numbers to the point of insignificance, or to see that they become mixed to the point of disappearing into the ‘rising tide of color' as Lothrop Stoddard, I think, termed the growing numbers of nonwhites.
The blogger and her kind are people ”without natural affections”, to use a phrase from the Bible, without normal emotional ties to their own kind, and especially without loyalties to their living folk and their ancestors. Their progeny will, if they have their way, will either be absorbed into the nonwhite population, and probably have no knowledge of their White ancestry, or they will live as miserable outcastes in a majority-nonwhite world.
As for the rest of the blogger's piece, it's the usual academic twaddle meant to promote the globalist/leftist agenda and narrative, and to discredit anyone who is a ‘linguistic nationalist', because being a nationalist in any way may indicate that the target is guilty of being an ethnopatriot.
This article is part of a "Reporter's Notebook" series, wherein CNBC journalists submit tales and observations from the field.
ZHENGZHOU, China — Here in China's heartland, in the capital of its Henan province, some of the country's most powerful leaders are meeting.
But these are not the political elite that have run the country for decades, this is a new crop of leaders — all from the private sector.
This city, near corn and wheat fields, is hosting an annual meeting from the China Entrepreneur Club. That's an invite-only group composed of 55 Chinese billionaires, at last count. In other words, they're the richest — and among the most influential — people in a country that's already minting millionaires monthly.
Unlike many of the moneyed elite from other developing countries, who accrued wealth from a privatization land-grab, almost all of China's entrepreneurs started from scratch. And these entrepreneurs aren't just titans of industry, but also technology, energy, finance and retail. In many ways, they are China's new economy.
How they've succeeded, mostly despite the Communist government, is a major and under-appreciated part of the story of China's transformation over the past 35 years.
In fact, even before the Chinese government officially acknowledged the benefits of private companies, hundreds of thousands of businesses had already begun. A handful of those have become international giants.
Huawei is now one of the largest telecommunications equipment makers in the world, but it started by importing used gear from the telephone exchange in Hong Kong. The company now known as Lenovo, the world's top PC-maker by market share, started by selling televisions imported into China. Geely, now one of China's biggest carmakers, started by selling parts for refrigerators.
The people behind those names are China's first generation of entrepreneurs. The second generation came about in the 1990s, and the country's third crop of entrepreneurs includes people like Alibaba's Jack Ma, and Tencent's Pony Ma (no relation), who are now the focus of most of the Western world's attention. And China is already churning out a new slew of tech titans in the making.
Jack Ma and CNBC's Martin Soong on the sidelines of the China Entrepreneur Club meeting.
By some measures, China's private sector now accounts for two thirds of its economy. Entrepreneurs, not politicians, are now the ones driving the long-sought economic rebalancing away from a dependence on manufacturing and exports and more toward services and consumption.
But one of the major questions about China's future is what the dynamic will be like between entrepreneurs and state-owned enterprises. So far, Beijing has largely treated private success benignly because the biggest stars, like Alibaba, are more valuable to the national cause without official direction or interference. Those companies are flying China's flag, in an increasingly international capacity, more effectively than any state campaign or directive could ever hope to achieve.
But the state and its companies still comprise a full third of China's economy, and when state-owned enterprises begin to get crowded out, there will likely be tension.
Officially, the government hasn't opened up strategic sectors, including finance, to private players. In reality, though, firms like Tencent through it's almost ubiquitous WeChat messaging platform have already moved far ahead of China's stodgy and debt-laden state banking system. Millions of Chinese pay their utility bills, buy movie tickets, order delivery for dinner and even do their banking on WeChat.
China's lumbering state banks are trying to catch up, but are already several years late to the game — the private sector is where the innovation is happening.
What was said following Atlanta United's 3-1 win against NYCFC on Sunday at Georgia Tech's Bobby Dodd Stadium:
CARLOS BOCANEGRA
Technical director
On when we should expect Josef Martinez to return:
“He is doing very well. He is back in training and it is up to the medical staff and our coaching staff to work together to manage his minutes. It is more about fitness with these guys when you are out for so long. It is just catching your wind. He is good. Everything else is good. It is just about getting him fit and ready to contribute minutes.”
-
On if he has any adjustments going forward after the team totaled seven goals in the last two games:
“You are always trying to make little adjustments going on the road, playing at home, depending on who your opponent is.
“The overall objective for us is to play attacking soccer and score goals. I think you will see with the formation we put out and the players we have. Coach (Gerardo Martino) is doing a good job getting them in those formations to be successful and at the moment our top players are performing.”
-
On the importance of this win building the teams confidence:
“I think the MLS is a little bit of a roller coaster. We started quite well. We had a few difficult games — of course, the one in New York hurt, we didn't play very well. So, of course, coming back, we wanted to show what we can do against these guys.
“You hit peaks and valleys in the MLS. For an expansion team, we have to do a good job of not getting too high off this win.
“A few weeks ago, the guys did a good job of not getting too low and burying their heads. This is what it takes and as long as we can stay pretty consistent the whole year that is what we are hoping for.”
-
-
PATRICK VIEIRA
NYCFC coach
“The first goal we made a mistake because two players went for the ball and our recovery wasn't good. When two players go for the ball and none of them win it, we create the space and become vulnerable. The second goal, a foul on (Alexander) Callens, but the referee didn't give it. If it was another referee, he may give it. I think we put ourselves in a difficult position against the quality players they have on their team. Then, when you concede a goal in 17 minutes, then 19 minutes and 25 minutes, it is difficult to for us to get something from the game.”
-
On conceding early goals:
“It made it difficult because of the quality of the players they have up front. They put us under pressure. They played well.
“They were aggressive especially in the first half. They won a lot of 50-50 balls. When a team like that wins all of the 50-50 (balls), it becomes more difficult for us because they have more desire than us.”
-
-
MIGUEL ALMIRON
On what he learned from the first game against New York City FC that helped the team in the game today:
“I think the loss to New York we left in the past. It was a game we wanted to forget. Now, thanks to God, the level of the team is increasing. We have more patience and we were able to get the win today.”
-
On why the offense was able to create more pressure on the back defenders today compared to last time:
“The coach always asks us to press like that and I've said it before, I think you saw it in Portland that we had a good showing.
“We were able to have another good showing today. That's what coach wants from us.”
-
On the team's three goals in seven minutes:
“Thanks to God, we were able to find the goals early and that was really important for our team because we know New York (City FC) is a really difficult team to play against with guys like (David) Villa and (Maximiliano) Moralez.”
-
-
MICHAEL PARKHURST
On containing David Villa:
“Our pressure up front was fantastic. I can't even count the number of balls their centerbacks passed out of bounds and that is rare for them. Tito (Hector Villalba), Yamil (Asad), Miguel (Almirón), Julian (Gressel) were fantastic up front with their first line of pressure. If those guys have the timing on the ball, their movement is very good and it is very difficult for us when their guys don't have time to pick up their heads and take their time. It makes our life a lot easier.”
-
On if they learned pressure needed to be better after watching film:
“Defensively, we talked about making sure that we stay with runners. (David) Villa, (Maximiliano) Moralez, (Rodney) Wallace and (Jack) Harrison — they like to do little flicks and in run — and they score a lot of goals like that. We wanted to make sure we stayed with runners in those cases. but our pressure up the field is very important and it was fantastic tonight.”
-
On the importance of winning this match after losing the game in New York:
“It was important for ourselves. We talked about the game in New York City was our biggest disappointment of the year. It was our worse performance and we got away from our style of play and we wanted to atone for that tonight and we were able to do that.”
-
-
HECTOR VILLALBA
On his goal:
“Mainly what I look for is the long ball and that's how it happened. I received the long ball. I shot it and it hit the net.”
-
On if this game was a ‘revenge game':
“Like I said, they were the only team that really outplayed us during the game in New York. Today, we were able to wake up on the right foot and we were able to flip the score on them and get the win. I think it's important because we've been working really hard in practice to get a result like that.”
-
JULIAN GRESSEL
“We knew we had to change things because when we went there we kind of lost our way — how we wanted to play. Today, it was very important that we stuck to the way that we wanted to play and we watched a lot of video of that game. We knew what we had to do today to come out and be on top of the to win the game. I think we did a very good job of executing that game plan.”
-
-
JACK HARRISON
NYCFC Forward
“They pressed us very well to start off the first half. We struggled to play and made a couple mistakes and they took advantage of them. We can't afford to do that in the future.”
-
On what Atlanta United did to disrupt their gameplan:
“Credit to them. They pressed us very well. They made it very hard for us to play. They finished their chances when they could and I think that was the biggest thing. As soon as they got the second goal and the third one, it gave us a big mountain to climb. We just have to be wary of that in the future.”
-
On the atmosphere and the Atlanta United fans:
“Having a crowd behind you like that is unbelievable. It gives you so much energy on the field. It's a fantastic place to play and a great atmosphere.”
-
-
SEAN JOHNSON
NYCFC Goalkeeper and Atlanta native
“It's disappointing to get the result we got but it's good to play at home. It's my first time to play at home since, I think, 2014 (with Chicago against Atlanta Silverbacks in U.S. Open Cup). It's good to see the atmosphere and what they've done here and for my family to come out and watch me play. It was great to have them out supporting.”
-
Previous quoteboards
Atlanta United 4, Houston 1
Atlanta United 1, Portland 1
NYCFC 3, Atlanta United 1
D.C. United 3, Atlanta United 1
Atlanta United 3, Real Salt Lake 1
Montreal 2, Atlanta United 1
Atlanta United 2, Toronto 2
Atlanta United 0, Seattle 0
Atlanta United 4, Chicago 0
Atlanta United 6, Minnesota United 1
New York Red Bulls 1, Atlanta United 1
It's a special feeling that you get whenever this time rolls around. We're on the cusp of a World Cup year. Actually, we're on the cusp of two World Cup years: 2018 and 2019, the men's World Cup in Russia and the women's World Cup in France, and after two Mundial-free years in a row, well, we're ready for soccer to take center stage again for the next two summers (even if the U.S. men won't be in Russia).
Here are my 10 fearless soccer predictions for 2018:
Spain will win the men's World Cup
The 2010 champions won't be the first choice of all the pundits, but they are my choice. Let's eliminate the other top contenders: France is loaded with young talent, but it won't be consistent enough to avoid a stinker in at least one of its four knockout round games. (You saw that 0-0 home qualifier against Luxembourg, right?) Brazil rolled through South American qualifying and appears reborn under Tite, but there are questions in the back, and the mental scars of 7-1 haven't disappeared yet. Argentina just isn't good enough. And Germany? It may be the heavy favorite to repeat, but there's something about the defense that seems beatable. Spain has flown under the radar under Julen Lopetegui, but the spine is strong with David De Gea, Gerard Piqué, Sergio Ramos, Isco, Andrés Iniesta and Álvaro Morata. By the end of Russia 2018, that Spanish pratfall in 2014 will be a distant memory.
Christian Pulisic will join a Premier League team
Don't look for it to happen in the January transfer window, but rather in the summer. As you could tell by reading Pulisic's heartfelt piece in The Players Tribune, the 19-year-old U.S. men's player of the year wants desperately to win. That hasn't been happening nearly as much this season at Borussia Dortmund, even as Pulisic has become one of the club's most important players. Everyone knows that Liverpool's Jürgen Klopp covets Pulisic, which would make LFC his most likely Premier League destination, but Pulisic wouldn't be out of place either at Arsenal, Manchester United or Manchester City. What's more, while the main reason for a move would be Pulisic's fit on the field, no club that's interested in becoming bigger in the United States can ignore that signing the best U.S. men's prospect of all time could help on the business side.
The new USMNT coach will be Juan Carlos Osorio
He won't be hired until after the World Cup, where Osorio will lead Mexico to the Round of 16 before falling to Brazil. But even though Mexico will play well in Russia and compete toe-to-toe against Brazil, the Osorio-hating Mexican media will drum him out of the position and set him up to take over north of the border. Osorio's hire for the USMNT will make sense. He knows the U.S. game well, having coached two MLS teams, but he's also deeply familiar with the European and South American games and will push talented U.S. youngsters to challenge themselves in Europe (just as he has done with Mexico's young players). Osorio knows CONCACAF, too, and he won't let the U.S. be overtaken in World Cup qualifying by Panama and Honduras again.
Whoever wins the U.S. Soccer presidential election won't matter as much as people think
You can understand why the February 10 election is drawing so much attention, given the rich plotlines following the men's World Cup qualifying disaster, the withdrawal of longtime president Sunil Gulati (who would have predicted that a year ago?) and the eight (eight!) candidates who will stand in the first contested election for U.S. Soccer president since 1998. Whether it's the competing philosophies for the federation's future, the horserace coverage or the scrutiny facing the candidates and the current U.S. soccer infrastructure, there's a ton to talk about. But in reality, there will be plenty of checks on the president's power, no matter who wins the election. The U.S. Soccer board of directors will remain largely intact, and we already know that several board members want to introduce a new general manager(s) role. That would reduce the president's power, as would a likely return to a more circumscribed presidential role more in the mold of Dr. Bob Contiguglia (1998-2006), instead of the sweeping role that Gulati had from 2006 to '18.
Introducing SPORTS ILLUSTRATED TV, your new home for classic sports movies, award-winning documentaries and original sports programming such as Planet Futbol TV, SI TV's weekly soccer show. Start your seven-day free trial now on Amazon Channels.
Manchester City will end up losing at least once in the Premier League but will win the UEFA Champions League
Yes, Pep Guardiola's City has been magnificent in the league, with 19 victories and just one tie in their first 20 games of the 38-game season. Yes, it would be a brilliant achievement to repeat the feat of Arsenal's unbeaten Invincibles from 2003-04. And no, I don't think it'll happen. Part of the reason will be City's deep run in Champions League and the priority of winning it, which will happen as an English team wins the European Cup for the first time since Chelsea in 2011-12. But that focus will cause City to put less focus on the league, which it has already essentially won. There's too much quality in the Premier League these days for a team that's not using its best lineup every week to go undefeated. City will have at least one slip-up in the league, and it might not even come against one of the top six teams.
MLS will have a completely different look in Ohio
The Columbus Crew will go ahead and make it official, with owner Anthony Precourt announcing that he's moving the team to Austin in 2019. Meanwhile, Cincinnati will be awarded an MLS expansion team, beating out a Sacramento bid that couldn't get its financial backing fully in order in time. Meanwhile, David Beckham's Miami bid will finally get full approval from MLS owners as the league's 26th team. The frontrunners for teams No. 27 and No. 28 will be Detroit and Sacramento, although some in Sacramento will question whether it's worth continuing after being passed over again for No. 25. During the time it takes for Sacramento to get the nod, MLS officials will privately hope that another fat-pocketed bid like Nashville's emerges.
Egypt will be the surprise team at the men's World Cup
The Pharaohs may not have competed in a World Cup since 1990, but that's no reason to write them off in Russia. When you have one of the world's top forwards, you'll always be in games, and Mohamed Salah has become one of the world's top forwards. But there's quality in other positions for Egypt, too, including midfielder Mohamed El Neny and defender Ahmed Hegazi. Nor does it hurt that Egypt drew a relatively easy group with Saudi Arabia, Russia and Uruguay.
More USWNT players will join Lyon
Alex Morgan and Megan Rapinoe have already spent time at Olympique Lyonnais, and owner Jean-Michel Aulas has been flamboyant in his public desire for more U.S. players to follow. Morgan Brian is set to join Lyon in January, and the wave could continue with Lyon and other European clubs investing more and more each year in their women's teams. That could cause consternation, however, with U.S. coach Jill Ellis, who would prefer to see her national team players in the NWSL during the year before a World Cup.
LAFC will be the new Atlanta United
The crowds in L.A. won't be as big as the ones Atlanta had in 2017—that's simply because LAFC's new stadium is smaller than Atlanta's—but the buzz around LAFC will be just as gigantic. Bob Bradley and John Thorrington are assembling a solid roster with DP signings Carlos Vela and Diego Rossi and a solid centerback tandem in Laurent Ciman and Walker Zimmerman. (Omar Gaber and Marco Ureña will be useful contributors as well.) More acquisitions are on the way, obviously, but this team appears to be doing things right on and off the field. There's a real excitement in Los Angeles about the team, and the presentation of LAFC—from the stadium to the black-and-gold colors to the GIF-able cap tilt player presentations—is legit cool. Here's hoping the crosstown rival LA Galaxy can keep up.
Rose Lavelle will fully break out for the USWNT
Call it a breakout deferred in for the 22-year-old Lavelle in 2017. The inventive midfielder had some fantastic moments for the USWNT in the first half of the year, providing two goals and an assist in seven games, and she got off to a great start for the Boston Breakers, winning the April NWSL player of the month award. But injuries slowed Lavelle down for country and club, and she ended up playing just 10 of 24 games for the Breakers. Ellis loves her, though, with good reason, and Lavelle could be a cornerstone for the national team by the time the World Cup qualifying tournament rolls around in October.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The just-concluded government shutdown and debt ceiling crisis revealed a deep and profound split within Republican ranks, as tea party crusaders pushed for brinkmanship to thwart Obamacare and establishment-minded GOPers freaked out over the historic hit their party was receiving in public opinion polls. Even after the conflict was settled (at least for a few months)—with the congressional Republicans essentially waving a white flag—the civil war within GOP and conservative circles continued unabated. Once the deal went down, mainstream GOPers immediately blamed the “suicide caucus” for harming the party and pledged to block future shenanigans of this sort, and tea partiers in and out of Congress dismissed the “surrender caucus” and vowed to continue the fight as the next D-Days approach (January 15 for funding the government, and February 7 for the debt ceiling).
This ugly episode hasn't resolved the tensions within the GOP and the conservative movement—it has exacerbated them. Here is a list of post-deal quotes from key players in this civil war that show the internecine battle is not likely to end soon.
THE WE-TOLD-YOU-SO ESTABLISHMENT
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.): “We're not going to go through the shutdown again. People have been too traumatized by it. There's too much damage…We're not going to shut down the government again. I guarantee it.”
Rep. Pete King (R-N.Y.): “This party is going nuts.”
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.): “For the party, this is a moment of self-evaluation, we are going to assess how we got here…If we continue down this path, we are really going to hurt the Republican Party long-term.”
Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.): “On our side of the aisle, we've wasted two months focused on something that was never going to happen. I won't say that I did, but a number of folks did. What we could have been doing all this time is focused on those mandatory changes that all of us know our country needs, and we've blown that opportunity. I hate to say it.”
Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.): Called Republicans advocating for the shutdown “lemmings with suicide vests…They have to be more than just a lemming. Because jumping to your death is not enough.”
Rep. Charlie Dent (R-Penn.): On his long-held belief that the government shutdown wouldn't work: “I was correct in my analysis, and I'd say a lot of those folks were not correct in theirs.”
Karl Rove: “Barack Obama set the trap. Some congressional Republicans walked into it. As a result, the president is stronger, the GOP is weaker, and Obamacare is marginally more popular. The battles over spending, taxes, and debt have not been resolved, only postponed. It's time Republicans remembered that bad tactics produce bad outcomes.”
Gov. Chris Christie (R-N.J.): “All you need to do is look about 200 miles south of here to see the mess that Republicans and Democrats have made of our national government and we should haul all their rear-ends to Camden today to see how bipartisanship works and government works together.”
Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah): “Heritage used to be the conservative organization helping Republicans and helping conservatives and helping us to be able to have the best intellectual conservative ideas…Right now, I think it's in danger of losing its clout and its power around Washington, DC.”
Rep. Aaron Schock (R-Ill.): “The reality is there's a much larger population within our caucus that recognizes reality for what it is.”
* * *
THE WE-WILL-RISE-AGAIN REBELS
Rep. John Fleming (R-La.): Said that the agreement will “get us into Round 2. See, we're going to start this all over again.”
Rep. Raul Labrador (R-Idaho): “I'm more upset with my Republican conference, to be honest with you…If anybody should be kicked out, it's probably those Republicans—and not Speaker Boehner—who are unwilling to keep the promises they made to American people.”
Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R-Kans.): “I would say the surrender caucus is the whiner caucus, and all they do is whine about the battle, as if they thought being elected to Washington was going to be an easy job.”
Erick Erickson, editor-in-chief of RedState: “We must advance. Two Republicans in the Senate caused this fight that their colleagues would have surrendered on more quickly but for them. Imagine a Senate filled with more. We have an opportunity to replace Mitch McConnell in Kentucky with a better conservative. We should do that…as more Americans watch Obamacare fail them through the Republican primary season, conservatives will be able to put the focus on Republicans who funded Obamacare instead of fighting it. Whether they like it or not, Republicans in Congress will find their names on ballots in 2014. They cannot hide or escape fate.”
Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.): “Absolutely, I think [the shutdown and debt ceiling fight were] worth it! It's been worth it because what we did is we fought the right fight.”
Sen. David Vitter (R-La.): “My No Obamacare Exemption for Washington language has been blocked out by Harry Reid, Barack Obama and others who want to keep their special subsidy. But it's not going away and neither am I.”
Americans for Prosperity: “Our activists are more engaged than ever in this fight, and we intend to hold politicians accountable for their promise to stop overspending.”
Michael Needham, Heritage Action for America president: “I admire what the House has done in the last couple weeks. It's unfortunate that the Senate hasn't been responsive to the American people…and really has undercut the House throughout the last two weeks.”
Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas): Called the agreement “a bad deal,” and when asked whether Congress would be back in the same situation in a few months, he didn't hesitate: “Yes.”
Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah): “The media keeps asking, was it worth it? My answer is that it is always worth it to do the right thing. Fighting against an abusive government in defense of protecting our individual rights and freedoms is always the right thing…In Washington, victories are rarely immediate and very few are permanent. Obamacare wasn't enacted overnight and it won't be repealed overnight. We must remind the American people of the harmful effects of this law at every opportunity.”
Matt Kibbe, FreedomWorks president and CEO: “Republican leadership has completely lost its way. Not only is this proposal a full surrender—it's a complete surrender with presents for the Democrats.”
The Tea Party Patriots: “The Senate deal is a complete sellout. Speaker Boehner and the House should stand firm and reject this deal to reign [sic] in the Executive branch's power before it is too late…The House ‘Leadership' must stop playing ‘flinch' with themselves, and instead, play hardball with the White House, the Senate, and the House.”
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas): “The American people rose up and spoke with an overwhelming voice and at least at this stage Washington isn't listening to them…But this battle will continue.”
American Horror Story: Hotel will be filming at another repeat location this week. Scenes for episode 511 will be shot at Cicada Restaurant, 617 S Olive St, Los Angeles, where they also filmed part of the season's first episode back on Wednesday, Sept. 2.
According to permits, filming is set to take place at this location between 5:00 AM and 2:00 AM on Tuesday, Nov. 24, this includes setting up and tearing down the set. The scene will reportedly revolve around driving shots.
If you spot American Horror Story: Hotel filming in Los Angeles, let us know about it at olv@onlocationvacations.com!
Has the Countess' past come back to haunt her? #AHSHotel pic.twitter.com/9CCRQ55TWs — AmericanHorrorStory (@AHSFX) November 23, 2015
Do not come between Mr. March and his love… #AHSHotel pic.twitter.com/5bLZb8vYIU — AmericanHorrorStory (@AHSFX) November 21, 2015
Bay Area theater freaks collectively swooned this month when it was announced that Broadway's runaway hit musical Hamilton, a multi-ethnic rap-based telling of America's founding fathers, is coming to San Francisco in 2017. The play may have gotten its start in New York, but in some ways, the SF run represents a homecoming: Rapper Daveed Diggs, who plays two lead roles (Marquis de Lafayette and Thomas Jefferson) is a native and diehard advocate of Oakland.
Diggs is well known in certain elite circles: He's performed for President Obama (twice), the Clintons, and Beyoncé and Jay-Z to name a few. But the son of a Jewish, former-DJ mother and a MUNI bus–driving father has deep roots in the East Bay. Early influence found in Oakland's hip-hop and hyphy cultures gives Diggs a particularly liquid tongue: In his role as Marquis de Lafayette, he perfectly nails one of the fastest rap solos in the history of the genre.
But, Diggs had no New York acting experience before being cast in what's become the hottest show on Broadway. We caught up with the rapper-cum-actor, currently in Manhattan, to find out how he made it made happen, how his Oakland upbringing influences the musical itself, and why he thinks the Bay Area will crazy love Hamilton.
Diggs (far left) onstage in Hamilton, with costars Okieriete Onaodowan, Anthony Ramos, and the musical's creator and lead actor, Lin-Manuel Miranda (Photo by Joan Marcus)
7x7: What will Bay Area audiences like about Hamilton?
DD: The show is super multi-ethnic. All the parts, except for King George, are played by people of color. And that sounds like it should be a thing, but after the first two seconds of the play, it doesn't matter at all. And the same thing with the rap music in it, right? It is ludicrous to me that it has taken this long for rap music to become a standard part of the theatrical vocabulary, because it's a standard part of every other vocabulary. It's on commercials all the time; it's just what popular music sounds like. Those are the things about the show that, from my experience in the Bay Area, find interesting. The place prides itself on multiculturalism, and this play really embodies that.
7x7: How does your local hip-hop breeding influence this performance?
DD: In the Bay [Area], we breed nimble-tongued rappers, and we also over-enunciate; we hit our Rs really hard. When Lin-Manuel Miranda (Hamilton's creator and lead) first started working with me on this show, he was like, “Great, I can write things that are faster...because you can do that.” So, I get a lot of really good, fast rap moments [in the show]—stuff that plays to my strengths. Being from the Bay and working with people like Rafael Casal, that's why I can do that. It's what rap music has always sounded like to me. While Lin was listening to A Tribe Called Quest and Biggie, I was listening to E-40 and Keak Da Sneak. Those were my major influences at the time. It allows me to bring some of that to the table.
With Queen Bey (Photo by Bruce Glikas)
7x7: Would you say you bring a hyphy influence to your portrayals of Lafayette and Jefferson?
DD: I probably bring a hyphy influence to everything I do, to be honest. I probably bring that same influence to like, you know, getting a sandwich.
With Lin-Manuel Miranda, onstage in Hamilton (Photo courtesy of Hamilton)
7x7: You're an Oakland artist now living in New York. But you once told me, “You take Oakland with you.” What does that mean for you?
DD: I don't get to do Hamilton without knowing Rafael Casal. Or Bill Hutson and Chinaka Hodge. And none of it happens without Oakland—that's the city that I take with me everywhere I go. I'm very proud to be from there. It's nice to be in a room full of New Yorkers and to be from Oakland, and to be holding my own, bringing an energy into the pot that they didn't really know existed. [Oakland is] so overlooked in terms of being a real viable commercial arts community. But it is. So many great artists come from there. So I'm gonna keep shouting it all the time. It's kinda my thing.
Long story short: Once upon a time Barry Levinson heard me on the "Howard Stern Show" and brought me in to audition for a role on "Homicide: Life On The Street." He cast me as Detective John Munch!
Now after 21 (record setting) years, Munch has lived over 500 hours of programming and appearances on 10 different shows (including "Sesame Street," where they made a Munch Muppet for an unbelievably adorable homage to "SVU" entitled "Law and Order: Special Letters Unit").
Many people want to know what I am feeling about Munch's retirement episode, written by the Gilbert and Sullivan of primetime writers, the great Warren Leight and Julie Martin. Unlike my character, I cannot find the words to express my gratitude to my castmates, for their love, support and true friendship.
I was so remarkably lucky and privileged to work with the powerful Chris Meloni; America's No. 1 sex detective Mariska Hargitay, who is beyond a sister to me; the coolest partner on the globe, Ice-T; Dann Florek the total pro; my brother from another mother Dean "Mayhem" Winters; the always classy Danny Pino; Kelli Giddish, my favorite Southern belle; and the elegant Raúl Esparza. And the "SVU" crew will always be my favorite captive audience, who worked hard to make us all look and sound good. They truly are an elite team.
I am most proud of the positive impact our show has had beyond its wildly popular entertainment value. Mariska's Joyful Heart Foundation has evolved into a major force in helping women to heal from unspeakable trauma and abuse in a profoundly caring and sensitive way. I am trying to raise awareness to spread the word to SUPPORT OUR VETERANS. In fact every member of our cast has always been ready when called upon to help wherever and whenever they can.
I will miss the magic of human relations that can only happen when everyone involved has a common interest to be at the top of their game as people and artists ... what more could a person ask for?
I am truly blessed to have been in the company of so many remarkable people for such a long time! Yes, I am sad. Yes, it's bittersweet. But after 21 years, smart money is on Munch not totally disappearing from the face of the earth. If Sherlock Holmes can survive the Reichenbach Falls then surely we have not seen the last of Detective Sergeant John Munch.
I just found out yesterday, 8/20, that the AVP declined my entry into the Manhattan Beach tournament this coming weekend, even though I had registered on 8/11 and my partner and I were in the Main Draw list as of 8/19. Before I get into the semantics, I would like to give some backstory here. I have spent considerable time talking to players and trying to put together professional, respectful communication. You can see my initial email to the AVP here. (I also cc'd 50 other athletes who had agreed to be included on this email because we all had the same questions.)
All I have ever tried to do is share information openly and honestly while being a voice for the players. I have never said anything anti-AVP or unprofessional. I do not feel that I have done anything wrong and that I am being punished for asking questions and being passionate about our sport. I was not raised to sign contracts without asking questions.
What is their reasoning? According to the email from the nameless AVP Players email account “Discussion is not necessary, however, due to previous communications regarding the AVP, we feel it is in the best interest to decline your entry to our Manhattan Beach event. Good luck in your future endeavors.”
I followed up with this:
“Dear Donald Sun and AVP staff,
I have been playing in every AVP event possible since 2007, including Cincinnati last year. None of my communications have been anti-AVP, unprofessional or unreasonable. I was only trying to be a voice for the players (as I had received countless calls and emails asking for information). Not allowing me to play in Manhattan or other events is a personal attack and also punishes my partner.
I just want to play. Nothing special, just play. I will sign the contract and play by the rules, just like everyone else. I do not feel like I am being unreasonable in my request.
I hope you will reconsider your decision to not allow me to play.
Also, I already have a flight to Cincinnati and was going to register this afternoon. Is this a lifetime ban or just for Manhattan Beach? Please call me ASAP so we can straighten this out.
I am not a bad person, I'm just passionate about this sport that we all love so much.”
I feel blind sided and attacked personally. I called the AVP offices multiple times yesterday and was told that Donald Sun would return my call. That never happened. I called Donald Sun and AL Lau's personal cell phones, with no response. I do not know if I am banned from all AVP events, or just Manhattan, so I feel that further discussion is necessary. I have flights booked to Cincinnati, but have already lost my partner as the deadline to register was yesterday. So not only am I out the cost of my flights, but any prize money and points I would have won.
The good news is, that this does not define my life. However, I have dedicated the past 8 years to playing professionally and giving back to the sport. My hope, by sharing this with everyone, is that I can protect injustices like this, from happening to other players. I have given the AVP every chance to communicate with me and not make this worse. Unfortunately, they have ignored me and treated me like I just don't matter…
Associated Press
2015
No. 1: Jameis Winston, Tampa Bay Buccaneers
No. 2: Marcus Mariota, Tennessee Titans
Aftermath: After one season in the NFL, Winston and Mariota showed enough promise to suggest that their combined career arc will not follow the same paths of many of the quarterback 1-2 draft duos. In 2015, Mariota became the first rookie QB with two games with at least four touchdown passes, and also became the only player in NFL history to pass for at least 250 yards with three touchdowns and rush for more than 100 yards in the same game. Winston, meanwhile, threw for 4,042 yards, which is the third-most by a rookie in NFL history. Winston's 22 touchdown passes are tied for the fourth-most by a rookie in NFL history. In a Week 11 win over the Eagles, Winston threw five touchdowns with no interceptions and joined Ray Buivid (Dec. 5, 1937) as the only rookie quarterbacks in NFL history to accomplish the feat.
Hours after pro-union protesters assaulted conservative Fox News contributor Steven Crowder at a Tuesday rally against Michigan's historic right-to-work legislation, Crowder went on Fox's “Hannity” show with an unusual challenge for his attacker.
Crowder gave an ultimatum to the man who punched him in the face: come forward and face jail time or face him in a mixed martial art (MMA) match.
“You can come forward, I'll press charges, you'll go to jail,” Crowder said. “Or, since you wanted to cheap-shot me, we can host a bout in a sanctioned, legalized MMA competition.”
Referencing the fund that has been set up to find the perpetrators, Crowder said the winner of the MMA battle will get the money to donate to the charity or union of his choice.
“Face me like a man,” Crowder taunted, adding that he was “easy to find.”
Michigan Governor Rick Snyder signed the right-to-work bills into law on Tuesday.
SPRINGFIELD - The athletic director at Cathedral High School lost her job this week, saying she was pressured to leave after marrying her female partner in August.
Christine M. Judd, who served as athletic director and dean of students, said she is no longer an employee of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield school system after a meeting Wednesday with administrators of the Catholic high school.
The diocese listed her departure as a resignation, but Judd said she is still exploring her legal options.
“I was given a choice of termination or resignation,” Judd said. “I'm hurt, but I wish nothing but the best for Cathedral, its students, the parents, the athletic teams, administration and faculty. I bleed purple (the school's color).”
Judd, a Springfield resident, worked for the Catholic school for 12 years, beginning as a science teacher in 1998. She became dean of students six years ago and was given the added duties of athletic director three years ago.
“I married my partner this summer,” Judd said. “I was hoping that my loyalty, my professionalism the last 12 years would supersede the current hypocrisy that has already been shown with the Diocese of Springfield.”
Asked to elaborate on her claim of hypocrisy, Judd said she questions if there are lay persons who work for the Catholic diocese who divorce and remarry without an annulment, or employees who use birth control, or men who have had vasectomies, or individuals who are pro-choice on abortion.
Same-sex marriage became legal in Massachusetts in 2004.
Mark E. Dupont, a spokesman for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield, said Judd did resign, but declined to respond to Judd's comments, or on the issue of her marriage in August.
Related stories Coen: Springfield Diocese should be ashamed
“Because it's an employment matter, we are not at liberty to discuss the specifics,” Dupont said.
Judd said she knows she will find new employment.
She said state law gives her the right to same-sex marriage, but it is not allowed under diocesan policy, leading to her job loss.
“Cathedral had nothing to do with this,” Judd said. “This was a diocesan decision. In the end, the timing of this issue really affects the kids. That is where it has the most effect.”
Cathedral's website describes Judd as "one of the key members of the faculty and staff who serve as positive role models for the students."
Farrand Violette, who is the new football coach at Cathedral, has been named interim athletic director for the rest of this year, Dupont said. Violette has past experience as an athletic director at the New Leadership Charter School.
No decision has been announced yet regarding the dean of students position.
Judd said her decision to leave the school followed a meeting with the school principal, John Miller, and the business director.
“Without being specific to this matter, it should be clear that all employees of our Catholic schools are made aware of our policies and regulations,” Dupont said. "This includes language that clearly states that whenever by public example, an employee engages in or espouses conduct which contravenes the doctrine and teaching of the Catholic Church, that employee may be subject to disciplinary action. To do otherwise would be in contradiction to the values we believe in and are teaching in these same schools. So while we certainly want to be compassionate and understanding, we must be true to who we are.”
“We are certainly thankful to Ms Judd for her past service at Cathedral High School and wish her the best in the future,” Dupont said.
Share
Sony's Sling TV competitor Playstation Vue just scored a major coup. The online TV service has finally reached a licensing deal with Disney, adding on the media giant's coveted networks, including Disney Channel, ABC, and the crown jewel of live sports, ESPN.
Announced this morning, the deal allows Sony's Internet TV venture to better match up with rival Sling TV, which struck its own deal with Disney before launching last January through some fancy negotiating by parent company Dish Network.
Under the new agreement, Vue subscribers will have access to a wide variety of coveted ESPN channels like ESPN2, and ESPN College, as well as adding the ability for local ABC affiliates to opt in to the service, according to Variety. Vue already offers affiliates from NBC, Fox, and CBS, so this latest deal essentially completes the broadcast network package. In addition, Vue will offer on-demand content from Disney and ESPN stations, allowing viewers to catch up on shows for up to 3 days after air.
One of the only major Internet TV choices for cable expats, Vue launched in March to relatively little fanfare. Unlike Sling TV, which offers a cord cutter-friendly base package of around 20 popular channels for $20 per month, Vue came online with a more bloated selection, and a price to match. Offering packages that start at $50 per month and stretch up to $70, Vue's overall approach is strikingly similar to cable, including cable's notorious tacking on of off-brand channels like Desination America that users are forced to pay for, whether they watch them or not.
Unlike Sling TV, which just recently added Chromecast to its growing list of device options, Vue is also relegated to a short list of streaming hardware, available only on Playstation 3, Playstation 4, and iPad, as well as being limited to a handful of cities, including Chicago, Dallas, LA, Miami, NYC, Philadelphia, and the San Francisco Bay Area.
The service does claim a victory over Sling with its offering of DVR-like playback, which allows viewers to save programming in the cloud for up to 28 days, as well as offering better sports options beyond ESPN, including a wide variety of Fox sport networks. Still, Vue's limitations, and high price have kept it from catching fire as a go-to option for those looking to ditch cable or satellite.
Both Sling TV and Playstation Vue may soon have another competitor in Apple's rumored service, expected to offer app-based live TV options to pair with the new Apple TV streaming box for around $30-40 per month. For now, however, Sling TV and Vue are the biggest players on the Internet TV block, and the latest deal with Disney gives Vue a much more rounded selection.
The launch time and pricing for adding the new channels has not yet been announced, with Sony saying details will follow soon.
Here's the list of all channels that will become available under the new deal: ABC owned stations group, ABC Family (becoming Freeform in January), Disney Channel, Disney Junior, Disney XD, ESPN, ESPN2, ESPN College Extra, ESPNU, ESPNEWS, ESPN Deportes, ESPN Classic, ESPN Goal Line, ESPN Buzzer Beater, ESPN Bases Loaded, Fusion, Longhorn Network, SEC-ESPN Network.
Kevin Gates drove up in a matte black truck and sat down in the backyard of East Austin shop and coffee shop Friends & Neighbors the same week his song "Get Up On My Level" rang out all over the SXSW music festival. It was just days before his most-anticipated project (yet), By Any Means, was to be released and only a week after fellow Baton Rouge rapper (and early collaborator) Lil Boosie left prison. Gates has been building his name, especially over the last year, and spoke with Microphone Check hosts Ali Shaheed Muhammad and Frannie Kelley about his conflicted feelings regarding his success. "The more I grow in popularity, the lonelier it gets," he says. "Because you don't really know me. You just know this part of me. You fell in love with that. But it's way more intricate than what meets the surface."
In their conversation, Gates says he records to deal with depression, even though he's his own biggest critic, and that he makes music for himself. He reads Anne Rice novels and books about meditation, writes constantly and says of his first show, when he forgot the lyrics to his own songs, "It was the most embarrassing, humiliating, the best thing that ever could have happened to me."
Credits
Producers: Mito Habe-Evans, Frannie Kelley, Ali Shaheed Muhammed; Audio Engineer: Kevin Wait; Videographers: Olivia Merrion, A.J. Wilhelm; Editor: Becky Harlan; Special Thanks: Friends & Neighbors, Cedric Shine; Executive Producer: Anya Grundmann.
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
Some people hang clothes on their balcony. This resident, it seems, hangs meat. Lots of it.
Online in China, photos of what looks to be a butcher working out of an apartment have popped up online. If this resident is not a butcher, then he or she certainly has an interesting hobby.
Large amounts of pork are being cured by draping them on the balcony and on the windows' burglar bars. Hope the air quality is good in Wuhan!
Advertisement
Obviously, the photos are surprising many Chinese net users and are now circulating on the country's biggest news sites, such as iFeng.
Advertisement
Chinese bacon (腊肉 or "la rou") is different from Western-style bacon. As website SeriousEats points out, Chinese bacon is made from pork belly and air-cured. Probably not usually on an apartment balcony.
武汉居民窗户挂满腊肉 网友戏称真"土豪 "(图) [iFeng]
To contact the author of this post, write to bashcraftATkotaku.com or find him on Twitter @Brian_Ashcraft.
Advertisement
TURKEY has raised the prospect of a naval confrontation with Israel by announcing it will deploy warships to protect humanitarian convoys attempting to breach the maritime blockade of Gaza.
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan defended the move as a necessary response after Israel refused to apologise for the deaths of nine Turks killed during an operation to intercept a Gaza-bound aid flotilla last year.
The threat is the most dangerous escalation yet in a rapidly deteriorating diplomatic row between the former allies that has already seen Turkey expel Israel's ambassador and suspend all military ties.
Israel described the latest development as ''grave and serious''.
Israeli Minister of Foreign Affairs Avigdor Lieberman is expected to announce retaliatory action this weekend. The Israeli press reported he was considering meeting and possibly even financing Turkey's Kurdish rebel movement, a move that would incense Mr Erdoğan's government.
By Waheed Abbas
The UAE residents going to Saudi Arabia for Hajj, Umrah or any other visit are expected to undergo biometrics tests very soon, an official said on Monday.
Saudi Arabia's Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MoFA) has designated Dubai-based VFS TasHeel International to launch biometrics pilot project for visa purposes in the UAE and other countries.
Raghu Athimoolam, Chief Operating Officer, VFS TasHeel International, told Emirates 24l7 that around 80 per cent of project is complete and there're just few nitty-gritties left before the project is launched officially in three to six months.
“We're meeting with the MoFA officials every week and it's progressing very well. 80% of the work is done. Once it's officially launched in the UAE, it'll be mandatory for residents to have biometrics before travelling to Saudi Arabia for Hajj, Umrah, business or any other purpose,” Athimoolam said.
VFS TasHeel is a joint venture between global visa processing firm VFS Global and TasHeel of Saudi Arabia. It currently has three offices in the UAE – Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah – where 127 employees cater around 700 applicants on average every day.
VFS TasHeel International has been mandated by Saudi to offer visas for business and commercial visits, education, escort, family, government meerings, medical purpose, merchandise delivery, personal visit and transit.
Minimal charges
Commenting on fee for the biometrics, Raghu Athimoolam said it will be minimal. “It won't be very high… it'll be in two digits only (less than Dh100).”
When asked how the company would cope up with the rush, he said: “We have enough staff, machines and counters to handle it. Officials from MoFA and Saudi Consulate in Dubai have visited our offices and were satisfied with the procedures,” Athimoolam added.
Athimoolam said any customer walking in for biometrics will be done with finger prints and eye scanning in just two minutes.
VFS TasHeel International COO said: “The biometrics that soon begin at VFS TasHeel is a simple and quick procedure that only takes a few minutes to complete at the VFS TasHeel visa services centers. More information on Biometrics will be made available once the service is launched in coming months.”
He said the company is planning to open offices in Egypt this year. VFS TasHeel has been mandated by Saudi Arabia's MoFA to process visa applications in 33 countries.
Adam Schefter breaks down DE Greg Hardy's play in Dallas and why the Cowboys still have tremendous support for Hardy. (0:52)
Dallas defensive end Greg Hardy and injured receiver Dez Bryant, who was not dressed for the game, appeared to get into an animated verbal exchange on the sideline during Sunday's 27-20 loss to the Giants.
Hardy's intense discussion with Bryant followed immediately after he broke into the special-teams huddle to berate his teammates after they gave up a decisive 100-yard kickoff return by New York's Dwayne Harris.
After Harris sped the length of the field for the winning points in the Giants' victory, Hardy broke into the subsequent special-teams huddle before New York kicked off with 7:01 remaining.
Safety Danny McCray, a member of the unit, said the passionate Hardy even "pushed me a little bit."
NBC television footage later aired showing Hardy confronting a coach Pro Football Talk identified as special-teams coordinator Rich Bisaccia and getting into an angry shouting match with him and swiping at a clipboard Bisaccia was holding.
ESPN's Josina Anderson caught up with Bryant in the MetLife Stadium tunnel after the game and asked him about his heated exchange with Hardy.
"There is no issue," Bryant said. "That's just football. People want to make nothing into something, especially when we lose. That's just football."
Hardy, when asked about it after the game, issued a half-dozen "no comments" to questions in the locker room, then turned his back to the media.
"Greg Hardy is such a passionate player,'' McCray said. "He's all over the place. He's in the defensive huddle, the offensive huddle, and today he made our special-teams huddle. I was a little surprised he was in there. ... I didn't realize who it was. Then I realized it was Greg. He was showing his passion that we gave up the lead and we needed to fix it.
"It's football. Those guys love each other, and we'll get in the meetings tomorrow and talk it over. We'll see what the coach says about it. [Hardy] was just trying to get us fired up.''
Cowboys coach Jason Garrett said the incident was not an issue and that he thought Hardy was attempting to encourage the special-teams unit. However, the reactions from those in the huddle would seem to indicate otherwise. Regardless, Garrett was not concerned about the incident.
"I was standing right there,'' Garrett said after Dallas (2-4) lost its fourth straight game.
"To be a good football player and a good football team, you have to have passion and put it all out there. Sometimes in a game, things don't go well and you have a response. A pro football coach and a pro football team understand that those things happen. You want the guys with passion.
"It was coming off the football field. That happens, you encourage guys, you try to get guys excited. You try to get guys ready for the next challenge. I believe from my vantage point, that's what he was doing.''
Dez Bryant could be seen getting into an intense shouting match with Greg Hardy on the sideline following the key Giants kickoff return that sparked Hardy to rip the Dallas kick coverage team late in the game. AP Photo/Seth Wenig
Owner and general manager Jerry Jones said after the game he did not see the altercation, but when it was described to him he had no issue with it.
"As a matter of fact, I would encourage it," Jones said.
A coach appeared to shove Hardy out of the huddle before he got involved with a couple of other players.
"He's of course one of the real leaders on this team and he earns it," Jones said of Hardy. "He earns it with the respect from all of his teammates. That's the kind of thing that inspires. You watched him warm up out there and he was inspirational ... nothing but warming up. He was ready to play. He's just getting guys ready to play, in my view. I don't have any issue with him being involved in motivating or pushing in any part of the football team because he plays and walks the walk."
Hardy is in his first season with Dallas and missed the first four games while suspended under the NFL's personal conduct policy. Hardy played only one game for the Carolina Panthers in 2014 and spent the rest of the season on the commissioner's exempt list with full pay. He signed with the Cowboys as a free agent earlier this year.
Hardy was convicted last year of assault on a female and communicating threats in a case involving a former girlfriend. But the charges were dismissed in February after prosecutors said the accuser in the case couldn't be found.
He signed with Dallas in March and then was suspended for 10 games by the NFL for conduct detrimental to the league, a penalty that was later reduced to four games.
Information from ESPN's Todd Archer and Jean-Jacques Taylor and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- A Tennessee man -- accused in a fatal attack at a military recruiting center in Arkansas in June -- wants to plead guilty and claims to have ties to al Qaeda in Yemen in a letter he wrote to the judge presiding over his case.
In the handwritten letter dated January 12, Abdul Hakim Muhammad said he did not want a trial and insisted the shooting was "justified" under jihad.
"This was a jihadi attack on infidel forces that didn't go as plan," he wrote. "Flat out truth."
It was not immediately clear whether the judge, Herbert Wright Jr., would accept the plea.
Muhammad's lawyer, Claiborne Ferguson, called the letter "highly inappropriate."
"If my client had the intention of pleading guilty, it is misguided and misinformed as to Arkansas law," Ferguson said from Memphis, Tennessee, on Thursday. "He can't plead guilty to a capital crime."
That response is why Muhammad said he decided to bypass his lawyer with a letter to Wright. He wrote that he believed it was "a lie" that he could not plead guilty.
Muhammad, formerly known as Carlos Bledsoe, is charged with killing Pvt. William Long, 23, and wounding Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula, 18. The attack happened on June 1 at a recruiting center in Little Rock, Arkansas.
In June, Muhammad pleaded not guilty to one count of capital murder and 16 counts of engaging in a terrorist act.
Before pleading not guilty, Muhammad waived his Miranda rights and gave a video statement indicating political and religious motives, authorities said.
He "stated that he was a practicing Muslim ... that he was mad at the U.S. military because of what they had done to Muslims in the past," Detective Tommy Hudson wrote in a police report at the time.
Muhammad told police "he fired several rounds at the soldiers with the intent of killing them," according to Hudson's report.
In his letter to the judge, Muhammad claimed he had links to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen, a group that has claimed responsibility for the attempting bombing of a U.S.-bound airliner on Christmas Day.
"My lawyer has no defense," he wrote. "I wasn't insane or post traumatic nor was I forced to do this act. Which I believe and it is justified according to Islamic laws and the Islamic religion jihad -- to fight those who wage war on Islam and Muslims."
CNN's Charley Keyes contributed to this report.
The land rush in the India solar power market has officially begun. This year analysts expect India to add two gigawatts of solar capacity, more than double the total added in 2014. Under the National Solar Mission, which calls for 100 gigawatts—about the total electricity capacity of Spain—of new solar power generation to be built by 2022, the government has begun to auction off 15 gigawatts of solar power projects across the country.
Early results from those auctions are striking. In Madhya Pradesh, Canadian developer Sky Power won the bidding with an offer of 5.05 rupees (about $.07) per kilowatt-hour. That auction, intended to bid out 300 megawatts of solar generation, attracted bids totaling 2,200 megawatts, at rates below six rupees per kilowatt-hour. That is well below the 7.04 rupee per kilowatt-hour that the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission has determined is the threshold of viability for solar PV projects.
Earlier, U.S. provider First Solar bid 5.25 rupees ($.08) per kilowatt-hour for a solar project in Andhra Pradesh.
These below-cost bids “show [that] large-scale solar is slipping further down the price-ladder,” wrote The Climate Group, meaning that “power generation from solar plants in India is now cheaper than indigenous or imported coal.”
Unfortunately they also demonstrate that solar builders in India are bidding unrealistically low prices for these projects, counting on the Indian government to make up the difference. The government has initiated a “viability gap funding” scheme for public-private infrastructure projects, which will provide grants to solar developers “to support infrastructure projects that are economically justified but fall short of financial viability.” That means that developers can afford to bid on projects at rates they know will not provide a viable profit margin going forward.
“Current economic conditions, solar irradiance, and off-taker creditworthiness do not look to be reflected in these bids,” said financial analysis firm Mercom Capital in a report on the solar market. And relying on the government to shore up financially untenable deals has long been risky in India: “The success of these projects would depend upon the Solar Energy Corporation of India's payment track record,” which has yet to be proven out, according to equities analysis firm India Ratings.
Nevertheless, the solar balloon in India continues to ascend. U.S. solar company SunEdison has been particularly aggressive, signing memorandums of understanding for several giant projects including a five-gigawatt solar and wind farm in Karnataka and a five-gigawatt solar plant in the desert state of Rajasthan, as well as a $4 billion plant to build solar equipment in Gujarat.
Whether these will ever turn into functioning power plants remains to be seen. To summarize, India is seeing very aggressive, often below-cost bidding on projects based on unrealistic financial projections, backed by massive government subsidies and political support. That's a recipe for a bubble, not a boom.
Nairobi, get ready for some Uber Neighbourhood Love! Welcome to the league of Uber Neighbourhood Love cities: New York, San Francisco, London, Lagos and Dublin. Unlocking amazing offers at some of the top restaurants, bars & bakeries, Uber Neighbourhood Love will arrive in Nairobi today at one of their favourite locations – Westlands! Westlands is best known for its affluence, great restaurants and of course, bustling nightlife. It gets lit up in here! What's your exclusive access code to Neighbourhood Love, you ask? Your Uber Receipt! That's right, no promo codes, no coupons, no vouchers. Flash your Uber receipt and unlock a world of discounts! Here is how this Nairobi promotional offer works:
Take an Uber to any of the awesome spots mentioned below through Sunday 9th April in Westlands
Flash your Uber receipt
Enjoy some Uber Neighbourhood Love delicious discounts!
The following establishments are participating in this promo offer:
Tav Irish Pub and Eatery A free beer/glass of wine for you and a friend The Alchemist A free shot of tequila at the upstairs bar Royal Chef Cuisines 10% off your entire bill
Terms and conditions of this deal are:
The Uber receipt must be presented before the order placement. House rules apply. The premise holds the right of refusal for entry and service. Offer valid only at Westlands outlets. The above offer cannot be clubbed with any other offer.
For more information about this Nairobi Uber deal, read the Uber Kenya website.
Head to the main Uber promo codes blog to see the latest promotions available.
Get your first Uber ride free in Kenya by signing up for a new Uber account promo.
If you have ever considered driving for Uber, click here to see how much money your new driver sign up bonus is in Kenya.
It's not every day that you hear Ivy Taylor quote Jack Nicholson.
But that's what happened last month toward the end of the mayor's visit with the San Antonio Express-News Editorial Board. My colleague Josh Baugh asked Taylor about a proposed land bridge that would connect the east and west sides of the 311-acre Hardberger Park, which currently are divided by Wurzbach Parkway.
Taylor laughed and recalled Nicholson's famous line in “Terms of Endearment,” when Shirley MacLaine's character revealed that she loved him and demanded a response: “I was just inches from a clean getaway.”
Taylor said former Mayor Phil Hardberger had taken her on a tour of the site and made a pitch for the city to include $15 million in 2017 bond money for the land bridge, which not only would provide a safe crossing for people and wildlife, but would spare park visitors from having to drive three-fourths of a mile from one side of the park to another.
Taylor's reaction was tongue-in-cheek, but it reflected a serious (if publicly suppressed) discomfort at City Hall: discomfort both with the the price tag of the bond request, and with the thought of blocking the pet project of a revered former mayor, for a popular park that carries his name.
While no one on the council has publicly voiced objections to the project, there have been private grumbles that $15 million is a lot of public money to commit to an idea that its skeptics view as admirable, but hardly essential, given that the park has managed to thrive for six years in its divided state.
For her part, Taylor maintained a noncommittal position but could not hide her concerns about the cost.
The land bridge would be the second major Hardberger Park-related bond expenditure by the city in a decade. After Hardberger dramatically saved the old Voelcker family dairy farm from private development in 2006 with the city's purchase of 107 acres, the 2007 bond program included a $33.5 million commitment for the purchase of an additional 204 acres. That allocation represented more than 40 percent of all the parks-related money spent in the 2007 bond.
The projected overall cost of the land bridge is $25 million, but the Hardberger Park Conservancy is hoping a city commitment for $15 million will help the conservancy leverage the rest of the funding from private sources and/or the county.
Betty Sutherland, executive director of the conservancy, said the park has raised more than $1 million in private donations, and is paying for all the bridge's design work.
“There is not another bridge anywhere in the United States, and really not anywhere in the world, that's exactly like ours,” Sutherland said. “Every time we've done a major presentation, with all the major boards, everybody loves it and says, ‘We want to build this.'”
Hardberger Park straddles Districts 8 and 9 on the North Side, so it's no surprise the most enthusiastic council support for the project comes from District 8 Councilman Ron Nirenberg and his District 9 colleague, Joe Krier.
A decade ago, as president and CEO of the Greater San Antonio Chamber of Commerce, Krier encouraged Hardberger to have the city purchase the Voelcker property, on the grounds that it was a “once in a century” opportunity.
“I told him, 100 years from now, no one is going to ask, ‘What did this cost?' Everybody is going to say, ‘What a brilliant move to get this,'” Krier said.
Krier argues the same big-vision, long-term thinking also should be applied to the bridge, which he believes will become an “iconic” attraction to people from all over the world.
Nirenberg has been something of a Hardberger protégé, with the former mayor backing Nirenberg during the 2013 District 8 race, and continuing to offer support and guidance since then.
“Parks are a core service of the city. We need more of them,” Nirenberg said. “With Hardberger Park, the conservancy keeps a running tally of where visitors come from, and they're from all over the city, and in fact well beyond the city — in some cases overseas.”
No one would dispute the citywide nature of Hardberger Park's appeal, or its importance in an increasingly populated city with limited open space.
Ultimately, however, the bridge issue may come down to what makes the council feel more uncomfortable: saying yes to shelling out $15 million or saying no to Phil Hardberger.
An earlier version of this column credited Councilman Joe Krier with approaching Phil Hardberger in 2006 with the idea of the city acquiring the land that ultimately became the park. Krier merely encouraged Hardberger to make the purchase.
ggarcia@express-news.net
Twitter: @gilgamesh470
German Chancellor Angela Merkel delivers a statement after visiting a class for migrant children at the Ferdinand-Freiligrath school in Berlin on Sept. 10. (Odd Andersen/AFP/Getty Images)
If you'd listened to the bookmakers and a number of pundits, German Chancellor Angela Merkel was the clear favorite to win the Nobel Peace Prize. While Merkel was nominated due to her work mediating the conflict in Ukraine, many attributed her potential win to the notably open rhetoric and policy Germany has shown to the refugees over the past year – often in contrast to its neighbors.
Merkel did not win the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday, however: Instead, it was awarded to an alliance of four Tunisian civil society groups. And for Merkel's critics, this is undoubtedly good news.
On Twitter, Danish politician Soeren Espersen described his "jubilation" that Merkel didn't win, adding that "she has thrown Europe into one of the largest migration disasters in modern times.”
Jubel over at Merkel IKKE som spået fik Fredsprisen. Hun har kastet Europa ud i den største folkevandringskatastrofe i moderne tid.#dkpol — Søren Espersen (@espersendf) October 9, 2015
Espersen is a member of the Danish People's Party (DF), a right-wing party that offers vital political support for Denmark's one-party minority government. The DF has repeatedly supported harsher measures for refugees and migrants: After becoming the second-largest party in the country after elections in June, DF pushed for border controls with Germany and the rest of Europe to be reinstated.
Before the prize had been announced, a number of other critics of Merkel's open stance on refugees had condemned the possibility of the German leader winning.
Will Angela Merkel be awarded he Nobel Peace Prize this year for taking a big step toward abolishing Germany? — Mark Krikorian (@MarkSKrikorian) October 5, 2015
As mass brawls break out in German refugee camps and German police woman is stabbed, Merkel is favourite for 2015 Nobel Peace Prize. — Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) October 3, 2015
Despite this criticism of Merkel's immigration policy, it seems unlikely that an openness to refugees cost her the Nobel. A more likely explanation would be that the widespread controversy surrounding Germany's role in Greece's economic crisis proved a sticking point for many judges.
It's also possible that the judges felt Germany's policy on refugees was shifting – it's worth noting that Merkel's approval ratings among Germans have dropped recently. "You really need to look in the next couple of years or so to judge whether her policies are worth it or not,” Gerard Bökenkamp, head of the Berlin office of think tank Open Europe, told the German newspaper Handelsblatt. “I personally don't think that her policies will stay the same one year from now.”
Writing in Politico Europe, German journalist Konstantin Richter expressed thanks that Merkel didn't win, though his reasoning was far different than Espersen or other critics. "In the recent past, the Norwegian Nobel committee has shown that it wants to use the prize as an instrument for political change," Richter wrote. "Maybe this time, they sensed that awarding 8 million Swedish kronor to the German chancellor would not have done her any good."
Merkel's office has dismissed any disappointment in not winning the prize. Her spokesperson, Steffen Seibert, told the Guardian that she was happy "about a very good decision." The award of the prize to the Tunisian civil society groups was “the deserved reward for working on democracy, for sticking to the idea that a people that has shaken off dictatorship deserves something better than a new dictatorship," Seibert said.
More on WorldViews
5 people who seem like naturals for the Nobel Peace Prize — but never won it
Obama's Nobel peace prize didn't have the desired effect, former Nobel official reveals
Image copyright Albert Titian/Facebook Image caption The boat, Leviathan II, made a mayday call before sinking about 8 miles (12km) from the shore
Five Britons were killed when a whale-watching boat sank off the coast of western Canada, UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said.
The boat carrying 27 people sank near Tofino, a popular tourist area on Vancouver Island, on Sunday afternoon, killing a woman and four men.
Officials said 21 people had been rescued and one was still missing.
The cause of the accident remains unknown but sea conditions at the time of the incident were said to be calm.
Barbara McLintock from the British Columbia coroner's office, said the victims ranged in age from 18 to 76. Three were tourists on holiday from the UK, while two were British nationals living in Canada - one woman from British Columbia and a man from Ontario.
The boat, Leviathan II, made a mayday call before sinking about 8 miles (12km) west of Tofino.
A dive team from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police are searching for the final missing person while Canada's Transportation Safety Board have begun an investigation in Tofino.
Mr Hammond said: "It is with deep sadness that I can confirm five British nationals have lost their lives when the whale watching boat they were on sank off Western Canada on Sunday.
"My thoughts are with the family and friends of all those affected by this terrible accident."
Mr Hammond said consular staff in the region were supporting the family members of those who had died and were in close contact with the Canadian authorities.
Within 30 minutes of the mayday call, a rescue helicopter and boat were on the scene. Other boats in the area also responded to the call for help.
Lieutenant Paul Trenholm, from the Joint Rescue Co-ordination Centre in British Columbia, said people from the nearby indigenous First Nation villages had been first on the scene.
"Without the assistance of the First Nation community this could have been much worse," he said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Amateur video shows the stricken whale-watching boat in the sea
Eyewitness Alec Dick, from nearby Ahousaht First Nation, told Canada's Global News network: "They got swamped by a wave. It just flipped their boat completely. I've never seen, in my involvement with search and rescue, heard this happen before."
Tofino fishing guide Lance Desilets said at least 12 rescue boats were already out on the water when he arrived on the scene.
"I saw a lot of personal belongings, a long diesel slick and the top 10 feet of the Leviathan II sticking out of the water," he said. "It's a sad day for our community."
Canadian broadcaster CBC reported that because of the size of the boat passengers would not normally be requested to wear life jackets while on board.
'Thoughts and prayers'
The 20m (65ft) boat was operated by Jamie's Whaling Station and Adventure Centres.
In a statement on the company's website, owner Jamie Bray said: "It has been a tragic day. Our entire team is heartbroken over this incident.
"We are doing everything we can to assist our passengers and staff through this difficult time. We are co-operating with investigators to determine exactly what happened."
Another whale-watching boat operated by the same company capsized in 1998, killing two people, including the boat operator and a tourist from Germany.
The six-metre vessel was on a three-hour trip in the area of Plover Reef when it was hit by a large swell, throwing four people into the water.
Image copyright Reuters
Tofino is a popular destination for tourists wanting to spot humpback and Pacific Gray whales, and trips usually last up to three hours.
Mayor Josie Osborne said whale-watching was a core part of the tourism business in the small tight-knit community.
"My heart sank immediately upon hearing the news," she said.
"Everyone is just pulling together and grieving for this terrible tragedy."
Canadian Prime Minister-designate Justin Trudeau thanked all those who participated in the rescue effort and offered his condolences to the victims and their families.
"I know first-hand of this coastal area's natural beauty and the many people who visit here from all around the world," said Mr Trudeau, who won Canada's national elections last week.
"My thoughts and prayers are with the passengers, the crew, and their families at this most difficult time. We will continue to offer them support in the days ahead."
Whale watching off British Columbia
ATLANTA -- It's no secret that the roof of Mercedes-Benz Stadium won't be open or fully automated for the stadium's first event in two weeks.
However, stadium officials told 11Alive Sports in an exclusive interview on Tuesday that they purposely delayed its progress so they could finish other parts of the $1.6 billion stadium in time, as well to continue work to expand the longevity of the automation mechanism of the roof.
Mike Egan is the senior vice president and general counsel of AMB Group, which owns Mercedes-Benz Stadium. He acts as the liaison between AMB Group, the Darden & Company, the project management company, and HHRM, the construction company.
Egan explained how the roof is made up of eight panels, each weighing 500 tons, or a total of 4,000 tons of steel, which is all trying to slide open and close. When the mechanism that opens and closes the roof is fully automated, the process will take about 12 minutes. That is more than twice as fast as most retractible roofs in professional sports.
Sign up for the daily Speed Feed Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank You for signing up for the Speed Feed Please try again later.
Submit
Each panel on the roof slides across two rails. The rails are straight for each panel, but the full effect will make it look like the roof is opening like a camera lens, Bill Darden, president of Darden & Company, explained.
"One rail actually drives the pedal to open and close and the other rail holds it down so it wouldn't tip over into the bowl," Darden said. "They run just straight even though the the view you have from below or above is that it's closing like a camera lens. It is massively complicated. The rail system, thank goodness, does not curve. It's just straight back and forth."
The issue with the roof, which AMB Group told 11Alive in July would not be fully functioning by the stadium's first event on Aug. 26, is ensuring that the weight distribution along each section of the rail is precise to keep the panel level and keep it from wearing down the rails.
"The mechanization is almost like a little locomotive, and you want to get the balance just right because you want to get the roof to be sure you're not wearing out those pieces before," Egan said. "We got to a point, quite frankly, where we said, you know what, let's just sit that aside for a little and get everything else in 100 percent tip top shape, and then let's just come back and work on the fine tuning of the roof afterwards."
Delays with the roof have continued to plague progress of the new stadium opening adjacent to the Georgia Dome, which will be demolished in November. The stadium was originally scheduled to open in March.
The measuring process is extremely intricate and takes a long period of time. Crews have successfully opened and closed the roof four and a half times, according to Darden. They will test it again between the two Falcons exhibition games on Aug. 26 and Aug. 31.
Along each section of the rails, crews are determining if weight needs to be added or reduced from the panels on each side. While the rails are straight, there are dips and hills in them to help balance each panel as it moves. Correct measurements will help the automation mechanism last for years to come.
"All the work we're doing now, it has nothing to do with the safety of the roof. This is all about the lifespan of the-- it's a complicated and expensive mechanism that moves the roof," Egan said.
Currently, it takes eight different people to control the movement of each panel as it moves. Manually, it's down to four hours to open or close the roof. Eventually, all eight panels will be programed so they can be controlled by one button that will open the roof in just over 10 minutes.
Once all of that is done, the roof will be fully functioning. Stadium officials believe that will be this fall. They're promising open air Falcons and Atlanta United FC games this season.
Egan is adamant that any remaining work they're doing on the roof will not compromise the safety of the stadium.
"The last thing we would do is take any compromise in safety. This will be the most safe and secure building in professional sports," he said.
However, he's not sure if future stadiums will try and take on a roof like that of Mercedes-Benz Stadium because of its complexity. Other features like the "halo" video board, which is the size of a five-story office building and hangs below the ceiling, he believes stadiums will emulate.
"I'm not sure anyone will go about that roof because it is so complicated. I think it will be a one of a kind. I don't think people will take that challenge on for awhile," Darden said.
The NFL was inside the stadium on Tuesday and making stadiums officials and staff go through a dress rehearsal of an actual game day.
Other than a little bit of cleaning and dusting, and the roof, the stadium is complete.
"We're ready. We're absolutely ready," Egan said. "[Fans] will not feel like they're walking into a building that's incomplete or not ready. They're going to be blown away."
Story highlights Alaska State Patrol asks that visitors stay away from wildlife
Mountain goat drowns after being chased in the small Alaska town of Seward
(CNN) A crowd of onlookers snapping pictures of a mountain goat chased the animal to its death in the small Alaska town of Seward.
Now the Division of Alaska State Troopers is asking visitors to "stay back for your own protection and the protection of the animal," said spokeswoman Megan Peters.
The goat's death was set in motion when it ventured to the south end of the Seward Harbor breakwater dike on Saturday, according to Peters.
Seward troopers received a report of onlookers harassing a mountain goat. But the white goat was gone by the time troopers arrived, Peters said.
A half hour later, another call was received about the goat swimming in the ocean in front of the SeaLife Center. Investigators determined that a large group had followed the animal to the aquarium and marine mammal rescue and rehabilitation facility, where it jumped into the ocean.
Read More
“Welcome back to the Modern Family awards” was the line Jane Lynch comically read out as Modern Family continued to steamroll its competition at the most recent Primetime Emmy awards. As it takes its rightful place at the top of the TV throne
In just three short seasons, comedy sensation Modern Family has already received eleven Primetime Emmy awards as well as thirty-one nominations, more than Friends, Seinfeld and Desperate Housewives, a feat achieved in a third of the time of the other three.
The reasons as to why Modern Family has achieved such remarkable success since its debut in 2009 comes down to two key factors; hilariously diverse characters and impeccable writing.
Modern Family features an ensemble cast headed by the wonderfully-talented adult roster of Ed O'Neill, Sofia Vergara, Julie Bowen, Ty Burrell, Eric Stonestreet and Jesse Tyler Ferguson. Jay Pritchett (O'Neill) is the extended family's patriarch now living with his much younger, fiesty Colombian wife, Gloria (Vergara) and her son, Manny. Bowen plays stressed-out mother of three, Claire Dunphy who lives with her husband, Phil (Burrell) and gay couple Cam (Stonestreet) and Mitch (Ferguson) complete the cast. Just from these six characters, the show throws up a unique blend of personality. The characters are remarkably relatable and allow the writers to venture in to various comedic scenarios from performing an ice-skating routine in a car park to being attacked by a ruthless pigeon.
But perhaps what is most promising about the sitcom's brilliantly talented cast is the hilarity of its kid stars. Many TV shows would be more than satisfied to throw the kids in to the back seat but Modern Family is different, relying nearly as much on its child cast to provide laughs as its adult one. Sarah Hyland (actually 21), Ariel Winter, Nolan Gould and Rico Rodriguez show no signs of inexperience often proving pivotal in the series' funniest moments.
The writing is the other key attribute that has helped propel Modern Family to success. The show is set up as a ‘mockumentary', complete with interviews from the family members revolving around the events of the episode, allowing the inclusion of more plot detail in order to further the story or set up a gag. This style of filming also allows the cast to acknowledge the camera; the stolen glances towards the lens often leaves viewers in stitches of laughter at the most opportune of moments. The writers also take the opportunity to wrap up the majority of the episodes with a warm, charming life lesson pertaining to the current episodes, creating an authentic family atmosphere about the series.
Of course, Modern Family‘s success cannot just be measured by it's massive collection of 138 award nominations (that's 1.9 awards per episode) but by its viewership. In the States, Modern Family is going from strengh-to-strength with ratings increasing from on average of 9.39 million viewers in 2009 to 13.01 million in 2012, seeing it regularly beat the American version of The X Factor in it's Wednesday time-slot. Modern Family even has a loyal band of followers here in the United Kingdom, regularly achieving close to a million viewers without the benefit of a prime-time slot nor a major channel.
Modern Family continues to storm award shows and the ratings with it still feeling as fresh as ever 72 episodes in to its glorious reign as TV's hottest sitcom. Personally, Modern Family is a favourite of mine, it could be due to its incredibly gifted cast, the sharp, intelligent writing or the fact that the show reminds me of my own family. But the fact of the matter is, Modern Family is getting stronger and funnier with each passing episode as it continues its quest to cement its status as a TV classic. I know that throughout this article, I've nearly run out of superlatives to describe this near flawless show but it's imperative that you don't get me wrong. Modern Family is no Seinfeld or Friends… It's much better.
P.S. I dare you to watch and not love it – http://www.cucirca.com/2011/01/23/modern-family-season-1-episode-1-pilot/
Advertisements
Party calls for mechanism to prevent ‘patently false' campaign material, and new rules on robocalls, texts and social media
The Liberal National party has cautiously endorsed some kind of truth-in-advertising provision, telling a federal parliamentary committee it should consider creating a mechanism to prevent the distribution of campaign materials that are “patently false”.
The Queensland representative of the Coalition has used a submission to a parliamentary inquiry into the conduct of the last federal election, and the adequacy of Australia's donations and disclosure regime, to argue in favour of expanding the authorisation requirements during elections to cover robocalls, texts and social media. It has also put a toe in the water about a truth-in-advertising regime.
“In relation to truth in advertising, while the voters should ultimately be the arbiters of truth in an election campaign, the committee should consider whether there should be remedies available to stop and prevent materials that are patently false,” the LNP submission says.
Turnbull government launches sweeping inquiry into donations Read more
Truth in advertising has been added to the terms of reference for the donations inquiry because that change is being sought by the crossbench kingmaker Nick Xenophon. Xenophon was unhappy with some of the advertising directed at his Nick Xenophon Team party in South Australia during the 2016 federal election.
The federal Coalition has also complained volubly about Labor's Medicare anti-privatisation campaign during the election campaign – complaints that are revived in the LNP submission.
Criticism is also directed at the campaign activities of progressive activist groups, such as “militant trade unions” and “so-called environmental groups”.
The LNP says Labor's Medicare text campaign relied on the fact the ALP didn't have to authorise the content. It says if the content was authorised, then voters would have known it was a “despicable” campaign.
The LNP also argues activist groups should be required “to abide by the same funding, disclosure and authorisation laws as registered political parties” and it has also put a question mark over giving some groups tax-deductibility status.
The party's submission says activist groups are funding their political activities with member fees and “generous” tax concessions, and this is a “distortion of the intent behind affording these groups with tax-deductible status”.
Federal Labor argues strenuously in its submission against a truth-in-advertising provision, saying it has serious doubts about the constitutional validity of any legal regime and “grave concerns about the potentially chilling effect on democracy”.
Australia's political donations must be capped to fix 'broken' system, expert urges Read more
The ALP says a lot of statements made during elections are commentary, rather than fact, and a truth provision could become “a lawyers' picnic”.
“The ALP believes that all Australians should have the same opportunity to participate in political debate, even if some may view their contributions as inarticulate or even irrational,” the party says.
Labor says it will countenance changes to the current procedures for authorising election material if the changes are format-neutral and do not interfere with the purpose of the advertisement, “which is to communicate with electors”.
Consistent with statements in the lead-up to the inquiry – which was triggered in part by controversy about the Labor senator Sam Dastyari accepting a payment from a Chinese businessman – the ALP has flagged support for significant changes to the donations and disclosure regime.
These include reducing the current disclosure threshold from $13, 200 to $1,000, banning donation splitting, banning foreign donations, and banning anonymous donations above $50.
The party also proposes to link public funding “to genuine campaign expenditure to prevent serial candidates making a windfall from standing for elections” and to create new offences and increased penalties for abuses of the public disclosure regime.
Labor says it supports real-time disclosure of donations in principle, and it says consideration should be given to tighter regulation of associated entities such as the Free Enterprise Foundation and the Millennium Forum.
On activist groups, Labor says election campaigns need to be a level playing field where all participants face the same regulation.
It says there should be no distinction between groups such as GetUp!, unions or business associations – and if distinctions are imposed, they would be “anti-democratic and potentially unconstitutional”.
The Australian Conservation Foundation has used its submission to the inquiry to hit back against the Coalition's criticism of third-party activist campaigns by progressive groups.
The ACF says all its activities during elections comply with the guidelines from the Australian Charities and Not-for-Profits Commission, and the organisation is non-partisan.
OKLAHOMA CITY -- Toward the end of shootaround Friday, Los Angeles Lakers guard Steve Nash approached Dwight Howard and offered up a couple of tips on how to shoot free throws.
Though Howard is shooting just 46.9 percent from the foul line this season, while Nash is tied with Mark Price for the best free throw percentage in NBA history at 90.4 percent, the Lakers center said he's had enough of people giving him advice.
"Listen, he was just suggesting some things, but it's not something that we've already talked about or anybody else has suggested," Howard said. "My mind cannot get clouded with everybody telling me how to shoot a free throw. I just have to go up there and shoot it my way and not get caught up in what everybody else is saying, because that's when I miss."
Howard has missed a lot lately, as the Lakers have lost two recent games at least in part because of the opposition employing a "Hack-a-Howard" strategy by intentionally fouling the big man and sending him to the line. Howard was just 9-for-21 from the line in a 113-103 loss to the Orlando Magic and just 8-for-16 from the line in a 107-105 loss to the Houston Rockets.
Kobe Bryant said Howard's deficiency from the stripe can be blamed on how he was coached to play basketball from an early age.
"I think it all depends on how you're raised, how you're taught the game from when you were little," Bryant said. "I think that's why it's such a critical thing in how we develop our players growing up, whether it's AAU and all these other camps.
"I think they pretty much wanted (Howard) to play inside the paint his entire career, ever since he was 12 years old. They wanted him to dunk everything and finish everything at the rim. They didn't want him shooting it because he was bigger than everybody and as a consequence, they left out the shooting aspect of his game.
"If you contrast that with some of the European players growing up, they're taught at an early age how to play all aspects of the game -- from ball-handling to shooting. So I think it's really just about our system here in the States and how we teach kids how to perform."
Bryant did not believe that Howard's 58.4 career free throw percentage was a lost cause.
"I think it's just facing the issue and dealing with it and taking it on head first," Bryant said. "'This is something that I have to conquer. This is something that I have to master.' And I think he will."
next Image 1 of 3
prev next Image 2 of 3
prev Image 3 of 3
A woman who was kidnapped at gunpoint by her husband while he was under home confinement on charges he beat and abducted her two months earlier was found dead inside a barn, and he was hospitalized with a self-inflicted gunshot wound, state police said Wednesday.
Police found the couple Tuesday night after searching most of the day for them. Tierne Ewing, 48, was abducted from a home in West Finley Township by Kevin Ewing at about 12:30 a.m., authorities said, and the car they'd been in was found abandoned near a wooded area eight hours after that.
By 9 p.m., police surrounded a barn several miles from where the woman was abducted. After forcing their way in, police found Tierne Ewing dead of an apparent gunshot wound and her husband with a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Kevin Ewing, 47, was taken to a hospital, and no information on his condition was released. The Washington County coroner hasn't formally ruled on her death.
The case has raised questions about the way authorities handled charges pending against Kevin Ewing, who was out on bond awaiting trial on charges he abducted her and held her captive from June 26 to July 8.
Tierne Ewing told police her husband beat and pistol-whipped her, spat on her, kept her hands tied with wire and branded her legs with a piece of hot metal, according to a criminal complaint charging him with kidnapping, aggravated assault, terroristic threats, false imprisonment and other crimes.
Tierne Ewing had staples closing a cut on her head — a home remedy, not hospital-administered — that she told police was caused when her husband hit her with a wooden gun stock. She escaped when her husband sent her into a credit union to withdraw money. She told tellers she was being held captive and they called police, who arrested Kevin Ewing in a vehicle outside, armed with a rifle, handgun and knife.
When he unexpectedly posted $100,000 bond on July 11, a prosecutor asked a judge to put him back in jail given the seriousness of the offenses, Washington County District Attorney Gene Vittone said.
The (Washington) Observer-Reporter said Common Pleas Judge Gary Gilman didn't raise the bond amount but did order Ewing to be confined to his home without weapons and made him wear an electronic ankle bracelet.
The newspaper reported the judge had ordered that the bracelet have GPS capabilities to track Ewing's movements, though adult probation officials have told The Associated Press the device was only programmed to alert authorities if Ewing left his home. Authorities couldn't immediately resolve that discrepancy Wednesday.
Trooper Stefani Plume has said Ewing cut off the ankle device and left it at home before abducting his wife Tuesday.
Tierne Ewing's father said Kevin Ewing had harmed his daughter numerous times.
"She was scared to death of him. He threatened her all the time, and he beat her up several times," Richard Kopko said after authorities told him his daughter was dead. "July wasn't the worst. She's been beat so bad before."
"She told me years ago, 'Dad, if you can't ever find me, I'll be buried on his dad's farm,'" Kopko said.
Police have not yet charged Ewing in his wife's death.
Advertisements
This week, Qatar's Emir told CBS that his country “wanted freedom of speech for the people of the region.”
Sheikh Tamim made the statement in defiance of demands from neighbouring nations that he should close the Qatar-funded news outlet Al Jazeera.
But while Qatar is busy patting itself on the back for bringing independent, Arab-led global news to the world, it is also busy suppressing similar voices at home.
Losing Doha News
Until very recently, I was Editor-at-Large of Doha News, Qatar's most popular news website.
Founded in 2009 by two American journalists, Omar Chatriwala and Shabina Khatri, it stood up for truth, honesty and debate against a backdrop of the press release journalism published by local newspapers.
Doha News continued to stand for these principles even after Qatar's government decided to block access to the site without warning last December.
And even then, despite having to shed most of its staff and move operations overseas, DN continued to publish well-researched, well-sourced, honest stories about Qatar.
And although DN no longer operated in Qatar and was therefore not beholden to local regulations, Qatar's government persisted with its censorship of the site.
Sadly, the loss of traffic hurt advertising sales, and eventually Doha News' founders could no longer continue to support it financially.
Sinking ship
In the hope of keeping the site alive instead of just shutting it down, it was sold last month to Star Reputation Consulting Ltd. The online media company from India said its goal is to promote “free and unbiased journalism.”
Initially, the plan was to retain the editorial team during a transitional period.
However, we decided to walk away after the company expressed a desire to enforce its own – undisclosed – editorial values on existing staff.
Since the sale, Doha News has published only a handful of articles, and sent out only a few tweets. The new owners do not appear to have hired new journalists, and for now at least, the future of the site seems bleak.
This is incredibly depressing, not only for the owners and staff of Doha News, who have worked tirelessly and at times at great personal risk for the cause of free media in Qatar, but also for Qatar's residents.
They now have only a steady diet of propaganda, advertising and rumour with which to discern what is actually going on in the country they live in.
Required reading
Before the sale, Doha News was an integral part of hundreds of thousands of people's daily lives. The founders' brave journalistic principles made the site required reading for anyone interested in Qatar, and its social media following to date – 488k on Twitter and 386k on Facebook – meant that a sizeable percentage of the country's 2.6m population was reading its output every day.
As Doha News grew, so did its team and its ambition.
It began as a Twitter feed that curated Qatar-related content, and then grew into a blog that included original reporting. The site gained a much larger following in 2012 during a fire at Villaggio mall that killed 19 people, most of them children.
As questions swirled about the blaze, Qatar's television and radio stations remained silent. But the Doha News team live-blogged the disaster, sharing developments in real time.
Later, it was the only news outlet in Qatar to report on the Villaggio manslaughter trial, and the only one, incredibly, that actually named the high-ranking officials – one of whom was Qatar's Ambassador to Belgium – who were convicted.
Controversial opinion pieces
Other ground-breaking stories of note include this report about the arrest of a Nepalese teacher for allegedly insulting Islam; these photos of a reality of life inside a labor camp; this story of a woman jailed for giving birth to a baby outside wedlock; this story about the plight of homeless Iranians working in Qatar's markets; this interview with a Filipina nanny about what it's like to look after someone else's children when you've had to leave yours overseas; and this coverage of a riot started by laborers on a building site.
The site also made a name for itself featuring positive, lesser-reported stories, like this tale about the family who have a tap outside their house offering free laban to all comers; this piece about a poetic restaurant worker; and this story about a local beekeeper.
Alongside its reporting, the site also began publishing opinion pieces written by residents from all sections of Qatari society.
In some cases, these brought out into the open views that had never before been aired in the media in Qatar. Among them was this piece written by a Qatari who wanted to be allowed to marry a foreigner, and this piece by a gay Qatari man.
It was the latter op-ed that many believe to have been the catalyst for the website's demise. Homosexuality is illegal in Qatar, and an open acknowledgement that some of its nationals may in fact be gay was too much for the conservative elements of its society.
The blocking of Doha News came as a surprise to us because – until then – we had genuinely had no governmental interference in our journalism.
Run-ins with the law
We took the government's support of Al Jazeera to mean that officials at least quietly believed in our mission. Indeed, some government agencies shared DN stories on social media, and we were invited to government press conferences and events. Government officials even told us privately that they were fans.
However, the country's cybercrime law, enacted in 2014, was used repeatedly to try to silence Doha News, threatening the freedom of its staff.
The legislation's controversial privacy provisions make it illegal to publish news related to the personal or family life of individuals – even if the information is true.
The cybercrime law also contains a vaguely worded clause that criminalizes any content found to violate the country's “social values” or “general order.”
These two sections are essentially a blank check to write a prison sentence on.
In July last year, Doha News' former Assistant Editor Peter Kovessy was arrested and detained overnight for naming a convicted (expat) paedophile in a story. He was not charged, but forced to sign a document saying he would not write about the man in question again.
Months earlier, Peter was brought in for questioning after looking into a story about a moving company which had recently gone out of business, leaving many residents without their belongings.
Fearful of negative coverage, the owner had complained to the police and was able to force Doha News not to publish the story, despite the fact that it was entirely true.
A year before that, Shabina Khatri and I were called by the Criminal Investigations Department and brought in for questioning over a story.
I was pregnant at the time, and terrified I would be detained and that there would be no one to pick up my four-year-old son from school.
It turned out that the police simply wanted to know who had given us the information in a story about an alleged gang rape. The source, an embassy staffer, was clearly noted in the story, and eventually they let us go.
Unflinching
It would have been far easier to have altered our editorial line to avoid incidences like these; far easier to do what all other media outlets do in Qatar, and toe the line. But we didn't. And that's why Doha News was so important.
Untethered to influential owners, not pandering to fragile egos and unpersuaded by the ever-present media freebies – Peter once returned a gifted iPad to Qatar Rail and they asked him if it was broken – DN simply reported the truth.
That, then, is why I am treating Sheikh Tamim's enthusiastic defense of free speech with immense skepticism.
It is not enough to insist that journalists in your employ should be allowed to report freely abroad (remember #journalismisnotcrime?)
No, if you are to avoid hypocrisy, you must also allow journalists in your own country to question, to probe and to analyze without fear.
A while ago, I was at a media function, and I got talking to a journalist who worked at one of Qatar's major newspapers.
A talented reporter, he approached me earnestly with a list of stories he had wanted to investigate, but had been told by his paper's editors that he could not. He desperately wanted to publish the truth as he saw it, but he was denied that chance.
In refusing to allow residents of Qatar to read Doha News, Qatar will now only have this sort of media: the media it deserves.
Doha News' critics, small in number but very vocal, will get what they have wanted all along. A benign, malleable media, publishing advertorial rather than informative and useful news.
Lighting a torch
For our loyal Doha Newsreaders who still want to know what's going on around town, I have this advice: Maintain a healthy skepticism about all you read.
Join Twitter and save a #Qatar search; follow a wide range of publications and opinion-formers. If you read news from the broadest range of sources, the truth will be out there, somewhere in between.
And if, by any chance, there are Qatari men and women reading this who believe strongly in free media, I have a plea especially for you.
Take this opportunity to fill the void left by the old Doha News team. Start your own news website based on sound journalistic principles. Fund it well; give its editors free reign. Defend it against its inevitable detractors.
Qatar is a fascinating country going through a period of enormous change. It deserves to be studied and understood. Don't let this period of time in Qatar pass you by in soft focus.
Good journalism casts light in the darkness; sharpens the image and brings much-needed clarity.
Grasp this opportunity and run with it.
Doha News has lit a torch – now it's up to you to start a fire.
Amplitude Studios
Fondé en 2011, Amplitude Studios est un studio membre du groupe SEGA spécialisé dans les jeux de stratégie, avec déjà trois titres ayant reçu un accueil critique très favorable : Endless Space, Endless Legend et Dungeon of the Endless.
Basé à Paris, le studio est composé d'une équipe internationale dont les membres ont travaillé aux quatre coins du monde des franchises parmi les plus reconnues telles que Battlefield, Rayman, XIII, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon, R.U.S.E., Call of Juarez et Might & Magic.
Afin d'atteindre ses ambitions de créer les meilleurs jeux de stratégie, Amplitude Studios a lancé le Games2Gether, une approche innovante au co-développement permettant aux joueurs de s'impliquer au plus près dans le processus de création des jeux. Grace à cette plateforme, Amplitude Studios travaille en étroite collaboration avec les joueurs par la proposition de contenu, l'échange et la revue d'idées, conférant au concept de communauté une nouvelle dimension.
Amplitude Studios est membre de Capital Games
Amplitude Studios recrutement
Il y a actuellement 2 poste(s) à pourvoir
L'actualité de Amplitude Studios
Titres majeurs
Endless Space
Dungeon of the Endless
Endless Legend
Filiales et sociétés ratachées
Sega annonce le rachat de la société Amplitude Studio en juillet 2016
WOBURN — Jared Remy pleaded guilty to murder Tuesday, admitting he savagely stabbed girlfriend Jennifer Martel last August as their 4-year-old daughter watched and three neighbors screamed and tried to stop him.
Remy's admission means he will spend life in state prison without the possibility of parole. His plea, entered before Middlesex Superior Court Judge Kathe Tuttman, spares friends and family of Martel and Remy the added anguish of a protracted trial and the airing of even more gruesome details. It also means Remy will forgo what the judge called his possible “partial defense” of anxiety, depression, and steroid and prescription drug use.
“I would like to say, ‘Blame me for this, not my family,' ” said Remy, the 35-year-old son of Jerry Remy, the celebrated Red Sox infielder-turned-broadcaster.
Advertisement
Rising to speak in handcuffs, Jared Remy delivered in a gravelly voice a two-minute statement in which he called himself a “bad apple” and imagined Martel watching over their daughter from heaven while playing with the couple's late chihuahua, Buddy.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Though he said he wanted to “take responsibility for what I have done,” he also put some blame on Martel and on his “love for drugs.”
Before a rapt courtroom, at what was originally billed only as a status conference, Remy read from a hand-scrawled script as Martel's friends and relatives listened from the gallery. Remy's parents were absent; his lawyer said Remy specifically asked them not to come.
Wearing hand and ankle cuffs, Remy leaned back casually when he first took the stand to offer his plea.
But he answered crisply as the judge asked him nearly 100 questions during a 20-minute colloquy meant to ensure that Remy understood the full implications of his decision.
Advertisement
First-degree murder pleas are rare in Massachusetts, which abolished the death penalty three decades ago. Remy admitted there was ample evidence to find him guilty by either legal standard for first-degree murder: a premeditated murder, done with “excessive atrocity or cruelty.”
Remy listened stoically, with his head turned to reveal the name of the couple's daughter, Arianna, tattooed across his neck, as Assistant District Attorney Lisa McGovern summarized the evidence that would have been presented at trial.
McGovern sketched a picture of a six-year relationship that soured over the last year of Martel's life, as the 27-year-old contemplated leaving Remy. She offered several facts previously impounded in the case.
The murder came a day after Remy, charged with assaulting Martel, had been released without a request by Middlesex District Attorney Marian T. Ryan's office to hold Remy. The Globe later reported that Remy had terrorized five girlfriends, starting when he was 17, and that courts had repeatedly let him off with little more than probation.
Remy had attacked Martel on the night of Aug. 13 and was arraigned and released the next morning. The night of the attack, Martel and daughter Arianna sought shelter with a “neighbor friend,” McGovern said, apparently referring to Kristina Hill.
Advertisement
On Aug. 14, Remy spoke with Martel by phone and texted with her, in violation of a court order, as Martel and Hill took their children to Drumlin Farm and later as Martel spent the night with Remy's sister, McGovern said.
The next day, Martel returned to the couple's Waltham apartment and stopped by Hill's. At 6 p.m., another neighbor saw Remy by a stream behind the complex where Martel's damaged phone was found, McGovern said, and about 45 minutes later neighbors heard loud rap music coming from the apartment.
At 8:26, Martel changed her relationship status on Facebook to “complicated.” Minutes later, Hill heard banging noises coming from the apartment. She dismissed them at first, but they continued, and Hill heard Arianna scream, McGovern said.
Hill called 911 and opened the door to see a wounded Martel crawling from Remy on the patio, while calling out: “Help me! Please, help me,” McGovern said. Hill ran around a row of bushes to a patio gate and saw Remy now “straddling Jennifer, her back to the ground, his hands on her throat.” Martel was bleeding profusely.
Hill ran through the gate and pounded on Remy's back, screaming at him to stop, McGovern said. Two other neighbors also ran to the patio. One, Benjamin Ray, put his hands on Remy's shoulders and tried to pull him off. Remy “swung his arm out and lunged at Mr. Ray,” who evaded the knife, McGovern said.
As Hill called 911 again, the neighbors saw Remy punch Martel in the face, knocking her out. With both hands, he then “plunged the knife into Jennifer several times.”
Hill, still on the phone with a 911 dispatcher, watched Remy deliver the final blows, then remove his blue tank top and wrap it around Martel's face before walking back inside, McGovern said.
Police scrambled up the hill moments later with guns drawn. Remy, shirtless and blood-stained, emerged with his hands up. Martel was already dead, McGovern said.
When the prosecutor finished, the judge asked Remy if he understood and admitted to all those facts. “Yes, I do,” he said, before protesting one point. “She had a knife in her hand, and she was threatening me about my daughter,” he said. Authorities have never indicated they had evidence suggesting Martel had a knife.
Sitting in the front row of the gallery, Martel's parents, Patty and Brian, leaned against each other, clasping hands. Patty, grimacing and wincing at different points of the testimony, looked at the floor, the windows, the ceiling, seemingly unable to bear the sight of Remy.
Tuttman accepted the guilty plea, calling for a brief recess before Hill, the Martels, and Remy would address the court. “Are you OK?” McGovern whispered to the Martels, approaching them. “This part's going to be hard, but the very, very worst part is over.”
After the recess, Hill described for the court the pain that has trailed her even as she moved far from the complex where she witnessed her best friend's murder. She called Martel “a confidante, an adviser, a perfect babysitter,” as well as “fun, kind, hardworking, and loyal.” Martel was devoted to Arianna, Hill said.
“There's no punishment in the world that will bring Jen back, and that's the only thing I could ever ask for,” Hill said through tears. “But it is a start to ensure that Jared will never see the light of day again, never feel that happiness Jen brought with her everywhere, never to be touched the way she touched us all and will continue to forever.”
Patty and Brian Martel wrote a statement that was read aloud by their lawyer. Sadness will always permeate their lives, the statement said, but “Jennifer will live on with us in our hearts forever.” They said they want to educate people about domestic violence warning signs that they missed, such as obsessive control.
Martel's brother, Brian Martel Jr., who did not attend the hearing because he was with a newborn son in intensive care, also prepared a statement, read by McGovern.
“When I lost my sister, I lost a part of me,” he wrote. Just before Martel's death, he had told her he was moving back to Massachusetts with his wife and children; all were elated about raising their families alongside one another, he wrote. Now, Brian Martel Jr. and his wife, Andrea, are raising Arianna.
Arianna “has suffered the most,” the statement said. “She lost her mother, father, home, and her whole world.” The girl has sometimes talked of the things she witnessed, he said.
These “are details that Jennifer's daughter will never forget,” Brian Martel Jr. wrote. “Our hearts break for her daily. We can only try our best to reassure [her] that she is now safe, and that she is very loved.”
Then Remy stood and read his brief and occasionally bizarre statement. He started by thanking three men, apparently jailmates, for “taking me in.” In a flat, halting voice, he said his parents were not at fault. “If you ask my family, they would rather have me dead than her.”
At one point, he addressed the judge. “Your honor,” he said, “I am here today not for a deal but to take responsibility for what I have done.”
But he also seemed to lay blame on Martel. “I always told Jen she could leave, but do not threaten me with my daughter,” he said. “That night Jennifer had a knife in her hand and threatened me with my daughter. So I killed her. I don't think it's right when women use their kids against their fathers.”
Defense lawyer Edward P. Ryan Jr. tried to downplay Remy's comments afterward, insisting Remy took full responsibility. “In no way, shape, or manner was Jared Remy trying to deflect blame on anyone but himself,” Ryan said.
Remy's father is employed by the Red Sox, whose principal owner, John Henry, also owns The Boston Globe. Remy's parents, Jerry and Phoebe Remy, issued a written statement saying they “continue to be heartbroken” over the murder.
“No words can express the sorrow we feel for the Martel family,” the statement said. “We are now focusing our attention on our grandchildren and doing what is best for them.”
More coverage:
Eric Moskowitz can be reached at emoskowitz@globe.com
BY: Follow @mchalfant16
Ted Strickland, a Democrat running for U.S. Senate, on Wednesday encouraged Ohioans to apply for the state Democratic Party's unpaid, often full-time summer fellowships, despite having made "fair wages" and a federal minimum wage increase a cornerstone of his campaign.
The Ohio Democratic Party, which is supporting Strickland in his campaign to unseat incumbent Sen. Rob Portman (R.), is currently soliciting applications for summer fellowships to help Democrats "up and down the ticket" win in the November election.
Individuals awarded the fellowships will be expected to commit to no less than six non-consecutive weeks of work over the course of the summer months. Candidates can apply for either a part-time fellowship, which would involve 12-15 hours per week, or a full-time fellowship, which would require a commitment of 40 hours per week.
"Fellows will be responsible for organizing in communities across the state of Ohio—recruiting volunteers, registering and speaking with voters, attending political events, and helping maintain our database," the Ohio Democratic Party website explains.
"The ideal Fellow must be energetic, efficient, well-organized and able to think on his/her feet. Fellows should be comfortable working with deadlines, multi-tasking, being part of a team, and handling high pressure situations. No experience is required, but Fellows should be strongly committed to Democratic ideals. All positions are unpaid."
There doesn't appear to be an age limit for applicants, though the posting seems to target college-aged individuals. The fellowship application asks interested parties whether they are students and, if so, to specify their major or field of study. The application also asks individuals whether they have access to a car.
The first wave of summer fellows began training in May and the next group will start June 11. Strickland, a Democrat running in one of the most contentious senate races this cycle, encouraged Ohioans to apply for the fellowships on social media Wednesday.
"Make 2016 the year we defeat Portman & stop Trump—apply for the @OHDems summer fellowship!" Strickland wrote on Twitter.
Make 2016 the year we defeat Portman & stop Trump—apply for the @OHDems summer fellowship! https://t.co/0lUqEaB0hY pic.twitter.com/WSCtipoO3G — Ted Strickland (@Ted_Strickland) June 1, 2016
Strickland's endorsement of the unpaid positions appears to run counter to his commitment to a "fair wage" for Ohioans and Americans across the country. Strickland says he supports increasing the federal minimum wage to $10.10 and will fight to protect and strengthen overtime wage laws if he wins election to the Senate.
"Too many Ohioans are still feeling like they can't catch a break. Some are still looking for jobs, and many are working in jobs that pay less than before. In this recovery, wealth is growing at the top, but not for the rest of us," Strickland's website states. "That's no accident—it's the result of politicians like Senator Portman who are prioritizing the interests of the Washington establishment they are a part of and the wealthy special interests they serve. The game in Washington is rigged, and people like Senator Rob Portman are the reason why hardworking Ohioans can't get ahead."
Strickland has claimed to advocate for policies aimed at reducing student debt and helping young Ohioans succeed during and after college.
However, Strickland's support for the unpaid positions, likely to attract college-aged individuals, could hurt his support among Millennials. According to a Quinnipiac University poll released last month, 58 percent of Ohioans ages 18 to 34 back Strickland in the race, while 27 percent favor his opponent. At the same time, nearly half of young Ohioans said they don't know enough about Strickland to form an opinion of him.
A representative for the Strickland campaign did not respond to an inquiry about why the former governor would encourage Ohioans to apply for the unpaid positions given his commitment to ensuring fair wages for Americans.
By Dan Baum
We who frequent this site agree, I'm sure, that an armed citizenry is a good thing. I've lived in several countries where the only people with guns are the military and police, and it's not something we'd want replicated here. Also, a lot of us simply like shooting and owning guns, and we want to hold onto a hobby we enjoy. I certainly want to keep shooting the collection pictured above . . .
There's a lot of talk on this site about what Farago likes to call our, “natural, civil, and Constitutionally protected” right to keep and bear arms. With all due respect, though, simply asserting our rights, over and over and over again, is not going to ensure that our children and grandchildren will be able to enjoy gun ownership and the shooting sports. The hard truth is this: There are no “natural, civil, and Constitutionally protected” rights. In a representative democracy like ours, nobody has any rights that the majority doesn't want him to have. Ask African Americans. Ask homosexuals.
Both groups enjoyed the same “natural, civil, and Constitutionally protected” rights as straight white men ever since the Equal Protection clause was written, but that didn't mean they could exercise them. Blacks and gays didn't begin enjoying their full civil rights until a majority of Americans became convinced that continuing to deny them was morally wrong and caustic to the well-being of the nation.
It wasn't the riots that brought about the Civil Rights and Voting Rights Acts; it was African Americans demonstrating, under terrible duress, that they were decent, God-fearing, patriotic Americans to whom a great injustice had been done. It wasn't Act Up that moved the needle on gay marriage; it was gays and lesbians showing the rest of us that their way of loving is as rich and worthy as anybody's. Blacks and gays began enjoying their “natural, civil, and Constitutionally protected” rights, in other words, when they demonstrated to the majority, by moral example, that they deserved them.
How do we gun owners do the same? Electoral and legal battles won't do it. The Heller and McDonald decisions firmly established the Constitution confers an individual right to own guns, and yet we're still no closer to being secure in our gun rights because a great number of Americans simply don't buy it. If we want those people truly to accept our rights to keep and bear arms, how do we replicate what African Americans and gays did, and demonstrate by moral example not only that we deserve our rights, but that everybody will be better off when they're honored?
Not, I think, by open carrying into Kroger, insulting the “liberals” and the “gun grabbers” — the very people we need to win over — and incessantly beating our spoons on our high chairs about our “rights.” We do so by showing that we accept our responsibility, as the keepers of the national civilian arsenal, for keeping the country as safe as possible from the harm that firearms can do.
That can mean being a well-trained, concealed-carrying sheepdog when out in public. But it also means accepting that it is neither weak, nor freedom-hating, nor “liberal” to be anguished by gun accidents, suicides, and homicides, and that minimizing those incidents is not the job of politicians, but of us. We're the ones who own the guns. We're the ones, ultimately, who decide what happens to them.
All guns start as the legal purchases of law-abiding people, who then lose control of them. When a child finds a loaded gun and kills herself or a playmate, it's because a law-abiding gun owner let it happen. When a teenager gets ahold of a gun and commits suicide or worse, a law-abiding gun owner let it happen. Most guns used in violent crime are stolen, usually from law-abiding people who leave them unsecured. The majority is not wrong for wanting this nonsense to stop.
The truth is that while each of us individually may believe he's careful, as a community we are fatally sloppy. We have been so focused on bleating about our rights, that we have lifted our eye from our responsibilities. It is only by rediscovering, as a community, our commitment to the awesome responsibility of owning something as lethal as a firearm that we will ultimately secure our rights.
We need to take the lead on reducing firearm accidents, suicides, and homicides away from Shannon Watts and Michael Bloomberg and the Brady Center — who don't understand firearms at all — and reclaim that leadership for ourselves, who do. We need to demonstrate to the majority, by our moral example, that our right to keep and bear arms is not a zero-sum game — we win and you lose, or vice versa — but that an armed citizenry is good for everybody, gun owner and non-gun owner alike.
It won't do to say that winning over the antis is a lost cause. The white south was no less intractable on civil rights, and such conservative states as Arizona, Oklahoma, and the Carolinas have legalized gay marriage. People can move, if properly led.
So this is an invitation to the People of the Gun. How do we do this? What can we do as individuals and as a community to demonstrate to the majority that we are as useful to democracy and to the safety of the nation as we believe ourselves to be? How do we lead by moral example?
Dan Baum is the author of Gun Guys: A Road Trip.
Nato has drawn up plans to strengthen military co-operation with the former Soviet states on Russia's southern flank after the Kremlin's seizure of Ukraine's Black Sea peninsula of Crimea.
Nato foreign ministers were meeting in Brussels on Tuesday to discuss the alliance's response to the Ukraine crisis amid continued fears of Russia's territorial ambitions and what the Americans term a "tremendous" buildup of Russian forces on Ukraine's eastern border.
Before the meeting, a Nato committee drafted plans "for promoting stability in eastern Europe in the current context" by increasing military co-operation with Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Moldova – all in Russia's "near abroad" and considered by Moscow as falling within its sphere of influence.
A confidential seven-page paper leaked to the German news weekly Der Spiegel proposed joint exercises and training between Nato and the three countries, increasing the "interoperability" of their militaries with Nato, and their participation in Nato "smart defence" operations.
The paper also proposed opening a Nato liaison office in Moldova, military training for Armenia, and projects in Azerbaijan aimed at securing its Caspian Sea oil and gas fields.
Nato and EU member states such as Poland and the three Baltic countries (Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania) are alarmed at Vladimir Putin's expansionist policies. There are widespread suspicions that the Kremlin will seek to destabilise and coerce Moldova ahead of its scheduled signing of a trade and political pact with the EU in June.
A woman walks past a train loaded with Ukrainian tanks that are set to leave the Crimean peninsular. Photograph: Max Vetrov/AFP
The US has responded to the pleas from eastern Europe by reinforcing Nato air patrols over the Baltic and dispatching aircraft to Poland. The foreign ministers are expected to discuss how to contribute to the precautionary moves, with Britain, Denmark and Germany offering to supply more air power.
"We should do everything we can to reassure our friends and colleagues in Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia and in Poland that we really believe in their Nato membership and the guarantees that we have given them," the British prime minister, David Cameron, said.
Training for Ukrainian forces and freezing of military co-operation with Moscow were also to be discussed.
According to Germany, Putin told the chancellor, Angela Merkel, he was pulling back some of his forces from the Ukrainian border. But he is believed to have moved just 500, out of tens of thousands.
Nato's supreme commander in Europe, the US general Philip Breedlove, warned at the weekend that the Russian buildup was "very, very sizeable and very, very ready". He said the Kremlin could move to seize Transnistria, a Russian-speaking part of Moldova that has been locked in a "frozen conflict" and effectively controlled by Russia since the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union.
Britain's defence secretary, Philip Hammond, said the UK was considering increasing its participation in Nato military exercises in eastern Europe.
"Certainly one of the things we are looking at is a greater participation in exercises in the Baltic states, the eastern European Nato member countries, as a way of reassuring them about our commitment to article five of the Washington treaty, the mutual guarantee," Hammond told the BBC.
Article five is the "all for one, one for all" pledge that obliges Nato to come to the military rescue of any member state that is attacked.
While Barack Obama has declared that Nato must respond to the Russian force with "strength and conviction", there is a sense among Nato diplomats that the Kremlin's strategy has reinforced Nato's raison d'être, boosting the arguments for its continued existence against regular calls for its dissolution as a cold war relic.
A Nato spokesman said the meeting would "focus on increasing support for Ukraine and on the consequences of Russia's illegal military actions against Ukraine for Nato-Russia relations".
While the meeting is to focus on boosting security in eastern Europe, there have also been calls to establish Nato bases in the countries of the former Soviet bloc. Nato avoided such moves during the alliance's expansion to eastern Europe in the 1990s for fear of antagonising Russia. The topic is still controversial and would be likely to run into resistance, especially in Germany and elsewhere in western Europe.
BY: Follow @LizWFB
A new project from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) is using computer-simulated training sessions to teach Minnesota doctors how to talk to fat kids.
The nearly $500,000 study using "virtual role play" to coach doctors is the latest attempt by the federal government to combat obesity.
"Obesity in the United States is at historically high levels, and is an important health problem," the grant for the project states. "Interventions targeting children are a high priority because children bear the greatest lifetime health risk from overweight and obesity."
"Health professionals in primary care settings are influential in the lives of families," it continued. "Even brief advice delivered well can have a meaningful impact, and yet, health care providers indicate that lack of efficacy and skill, impact, patient motivation, and educational materials keep them from routinely addressing obesity prevention and treatment in their practices."
The grant was awarded to SiMmersion, LLC, a communications training company that simulates conversations with virtual actors. In one example video, a law enforcement officer interviews a neighbor of a man who "may be dealing drugs out of his house." "On-screen assistants," smaller computer-animated people, give two thumbs up when the conversation is going well.
SiMmersion will create three role-play scenarios for doctors to practice "sharing concerns about a child's weight with a parent," how to schedule follow-up appointments after "the initial discussion regarding weight," and speaking to children directly about "healthy choices."
Doctors will be trained at 100 health care providers in the Minneapolis–Saint Paul area. The project has cost $499,880 so far.
"Educating and motivating parents to change family environments for overweight and obese children will reduce the instances of childhood obesity and the long-term impact it has on health and quality of life," the grant said.
SiMmersion has partnered with numerous government agencies and universities on a wide range of subjects.
The company has received $11,860,936 from the federal government since 2004, including $1,283,000 to provide sexual assault training to the Air Force.
SiMmersion has received $5,797,652 from the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the majority of which has gone to NIH studies.
The company received $847,569 from 2006 to 2008 from the NIH to teach doctors how to talk to alcoholics, and $881,694 from 2009 to 2011 for coaching on how to speak to patients about prescription drug abuse.
A current project, where SiMmersion is training "Greek life staff" and college advisers on campuses how to talk to students who drink too much, has cost $727,222 so far.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool have explained why a Hillsborough banner on the Kop was covered up in a broadcast on the club's TV channel.
The Reds, who have apologised for any offence caused, insist the image was “edited with the best of intentions” but admit it was “an error in judgement” and have vowed to correct it.
There was an angry response from supporters on Monday after the change was spotted on the backdrop to an interview with former Liverpool striker Neil Mellor at the club's Kirkby Academy.
Liverpool fan Richie Greaves' original banner read: “We told you they lied. Don't Buy The Scum. Justice for the 96.” However, the words were airbrushed out in the photograph with the club crest superimposed on a red background instead.
(Image: Photo by James Maloney)
The ECHO understands that the giant image of the Kop has been on display at the Academy since it was refurbished in 2014.
The designer at the time made the decision that the use of the word ‘scum' wasn't appropriate to be seen by the club's youngsters and made the change. It was brought to the club's attention on Monday after a backlash from fans on social media.
A Liverpool FC spokesman told the ECHO: “The image was edited with the best of intentions but it was an error in judgement. It will be changed and we apologise if it has offended any supporters.”
Friday, May 18th, 11:49 am. For the first time in recent memory, millions of regular people were paying attention to the moment-to-moment fluctuations of a single stock. Most of us had no idea what was really going on — not working in finance, we rarely do — but it didn't seem like Facebook's IPO was going very well. The stock had almost instantly dropped four points from its opening price, and bottomed out at the offering price: $38. Five minutes later, the stock shot back up. It flew around like a stunned bee for the rest of the day, and ended down.
But back to those five minutes. Between 11:49 and 11:54, something extraordinary happened. For about 300 seconds, the computers took over. The stock, which had dropped four points in the five minutes prior, froze in an incredibly narrow five-cent range while two sets of computers put in thousands upon thousands of bids against one another. On one side, the underwriters' computers were offering to buy hundreds of millions of dollars worth of stock to keep it from dipping below the crucial $38 level; on the other, high frequency traders were making veerrryyy slightly higher bids at just above $38 — $38.01, $38.02 — which they would sell, literally seconds later. To get a sense of the staggering volume and speed at which this happened, watch this:
For a few minutes, the most-watched stock in the world behaved like a malfunctioning computer program. The stock that convinced untold thousands of regular people with E-Trade accounts to get back into investing behaved according to rules that literally none of them understood, traded at volumes that none of them could conceive of and effectively followed contradictory orders from two sets of screaming robots. This is what future shock feels like.
Next time your dad asks you if he should invest in a hot tech IPO (because "you know all about this kind of stuff"), show him that video. Ask him how he'd feel to see his purchase flying down that ledger. Confident? Smart? Tiny and stupid? Then tell him, for god's sake, to find a new hobby.
***
"No human being can comprehend that action in the tape," says its creator, Dennis Dick, a proprietary trader and financial consultant. Dick has gotten used to seeing these bizarre glitches in the market — he predicted the legendary "flash crash" four months before it happened — so much so that he's given some of them names. In the case of Facebook, the stock fell into what Dick calls a High Frequency Tractor Beam. "You've got the underwriters [the huge banks that helped Facebook offer its shares to the public] bidding at $38, and you have the high frequency traders who are trying to get in front of them, and bring it up to $38.03, $38.04," he explains, "and that's how it gets locked in."
"The underwriters are holding it up, and now the high-frequency trading guys are trying to scalp their few cents. They're playing opposite." The result: seemingly inexplicable deadlock.
Knowing the precise details of this five-minute period isn't going to help you become a better day trader, or somehow give you an upper hand. There is no upper hand to be had. Finance computers don't have hands. "High frequency traders do 70 percent of the volume in the market now," says Dick, which means about two out of three market participants aren't even conscious beings. "With that kind of volume it really is humans against the machines to a certain extent," he says. It's worth noting that this was already the second example of bizarre systems behavior that morning: Problems with the NASDAQ's IPO mechanism caused Facebook's debut to be delayed.
The fundamental weirdness of high-frequency trading is well-documented, but tends to feel foreign. Stories about HFT read like dispatches from the elite world of high finance, their meaning abstract and their consequences hard to grasp. But this is Facebook. This is a company whose product everyone uses and which was preordained to be the poster boy of this financial cycle, whatever it is. Facebook's IPO felt dangerously knowable to a regular guy with a few tens of thousands of dollars in retirement funds to throw around, when, in fact, its behavior was utterly unknowable. "It was predictable from my perspective that something like that could happen," says Dick, "but I didn't think they could hold a stock like Facebook down. It just shows you the power that the high frequency traders really have."
This puts a new spin on the old finance adage: "Don't play the loser's game." Except it's not just that the pros will always be better than you at gaming the market on a short term basis; it's that you'll never be faster than a computer, either.
It's too early to know what Facebook's stock is really going to do — the first few weeks really don't count. You can guess that the company will do well and make lots of money, which is a pretty good reason to eventually invest. You can divine that the site has no real business plan beyond "ads ads ads" and decide that's a good reason not to buy.
But try to play the "game" and you'll end up broke. Facebook's stock is, at the time of writing, still whipping around in the wind, currently listing at $34, partly because its underwriters are no longer propping it up. Which, maybe, is for the best: The more casual investors get scalded by Facebook, the fewer will eventually get crushed to death by the gears of the new financial machine.
Update to more accurately reflect the roles of the underwriters in the HF Tractor beam situation — thanks, @nickrizzo.
A Turkish imam was reportedly suspended after pieces of cucumber was found in his rectum after the doctors examined for severe abdominal pain.
The 39-year-old imam hailing from the Central Anatolian province was was admitted to hospital last week after suffering from severe abdominal pain and bleeding.
According to the Hurriyet Daily News, the allegedly removed pieces of cucumber from his rectum, with the official diagnosis recorded as “bleeding in the anus and rectum and foreign object in the rectum.”
He was subsequently suspended following his discharge from the hospital with the word of his bizarre mishap making its way to the loca press.
The imam was reportedly working for the local branch of the ‘religious Affairs Directorate' and is an investigation is underway regarding the mishap.
In the meantime, the regional Chamber of Doctors have criticized hospital officials for leaking information about a patient.
“The imam applied to a hospital for a medical condition, it is a crime to have leaked the information of a patient,” Ardil Bayram Sahin, a member of the Istanbul Chamber of Doctors' Human Rights Commission, quoted in a reported by the Russian Television said.
“Such rights violations may prevent people with various sexual practices, especially those who are public employees, from seeking medical assistance,” he added.
DONALD Trump is currently hiding from the media as if he owes them two months' rent money, it has been confirmed.
Trump, who is the first president since a nearly assassinated Ronald Reagan to boycott the White House Correspondents' dinner, is thought to be hiding underneath his bed and shushing his kids whenever the door bell rings.
A senior source said: “They mainly knock between nine and five, so there's no chance of him opening the door then.
“If it's late then it's usually just Steve Bannon asking if he can borrow a shovel and can Mr Trump say that ‘the two of them have been playing chess all night'.”
Mr Trump said: “I'm not hiding from the press, I'm hiding from fake news. There is a very subtle and unprovable difference between the two.”
Save
Conflict sparked by Benghazi Defence Brigade's capture from Libyan National Army of terminals at Sidra and Ras Lanuf
Ambassadors to Libya from the UK, US and France have made an appeal for calm as Libya falls back into a bloody civil war with rival sides battling for control of the hugely lucrative Libyan oil terminals.
Diplomats are concerned the fighting will severely damage the coastal oil infrastructure – the economic lifeblood of the country.
Refugee women and children 'beaten, raped and starved in Libyan hellholes' Read more
The fighting was sparked by the Islamist-led Benghazi Defence Brigade's surprise capture on Friday of the oil export terminals at Sidra and Ras Lanuf.
The terminals were wrested from the control of Field Marshal Khalid Haftar, the head of the so-called Libyan National Army (LNA), a force that dominates in eastern Libya and enjoys Russian and Egyptian support.
Haftar captured the oilfields in September, and the presence of the LNA appeared to have brought enough security to the oil crescent for production to rise from 200,000 barrels a day to close to 700,000.
The oil terminals had been shut for the previous two years while under the control of the rival Petroleum Facilities Guard.
The LNA was reported to be concentrating forces around the port of Brega, still under its control, in order to mount a counterattack, with Haftar willing to call up fresh airstrikes if possible from the United Arab Emirates.
The ambassadors urged all sides to recognise that the oil installations were under the control of the Libyan National Oil Corporation (NOC) and revenues must be sent to the UN-backed government in Tripoli.
Mustafa Sharksi the commander of the BDB, a militia only formed in spring 2016, said in a press conference in Misrata his goal was “to rescue Benghazi from Haftar and return displaced families to their homes”. He said his militia controlled 43 miles (70km) of coast either side of Sidra and Ras Lanuf and would not press on to Benghazi until the NOC had sent another force to take over the oil ports.
The violence has also had political consequences, with Libya's eastern parliament voting to withdraw its support for a UN peace deal and the UN-backed government in Tripoli. The eastern parliament is close to Haftar and its vote suggests it believes the BDB is working with the Tripoli government.
The loss of the oilfields is also a blow for Haftar's prestige and has shown the LNA is not as strong as sometimes perceived.
It was also striking that Egypt did not leap to Haftar's defence. The Egyptian president, Abdel Fatah al-Sisi, was frustrated last month when his efforts to bring about a reconciliation in Cairo between Haftar, representing the east, and Fayez al-Sarraj, the head of the Tripoli government, broke down when Haftar refused to meet him.
Hurricane Matthew Gfs & Euro Models
Hurricane Matthew Gfs & Euro Models
Hurricane Matthew appears to be doing a counterclockwise loop at the moment as the eye seems to be getting its act together again. An eye wall replacement cycle may be underway. We will wait to see if pressures are falling again as we get more reports.
000 URNT12 KWBC 011819 VORTEX DATA MESSAGE AL142016 A. 01/18:06:50Z B. 13 deg 10 min N 073 deg 21 min W C. NA D. 123 kt E. 116 deg 6 nm F. 200 deg 121 kt G. 116 deg 7 nm H. 944 mb I. 16 C / 2149 m J. 21 C / 2528 m K. 13 C / NA L. CLOSED WALL M. C8 N. 12345 / NA O. .01 / 1 nm P. NOAA3 WB14A MATTHEW OB 10 MAX FL WIND 121 KT 116 / 7 NM 18:05:09Z CNTR DROPSONDE SFC WIND 165 / 19 KTS
The full sequence of afternoon weather models are in. The takeaways from the GFS model & European Model show the European model showing a much deeper hurricane with a shift to the left through it still takes the hurricane offshore.
The closer track to the coast is due to the approaching trough out of the Plains and into the upper midwest. The European is deeper though it still keeps the two systems separate and never really phases them together.
The GFS has a much deeper trough coming out of the Plains which it amplfies as it approaches the east coast. This causes the two systems to somewhat phase together. It creates an upper air environment which tucks the hurricane along the coast and takes it north north east just offshore.
It really now seems to be coming a little easier going forward. This is all going to depend on the sharpness and depth of the trough moving across the United States and what happens when the two systems begin to interact with each other. The strength of that trough will be entirely dependent on whether a ridge builds in the west or does another Pacific system crash into the Northwest US and flattens the ridge out. In the meantime Matthew will soon begin its turn to the northwest and head for Jamaica and Haiti.
The differences in the short range are also very important as the GFS has the hurricane missing Jamaica and turning northwest into Eastern Cuba, while the European has it missing Jamaica and turning northeast into Haiti. From there the models move Hurricane Matthew northwestward. That difference of 100 miles or so could be very important as both models move Hurricane Matthew northwest from there. The European is in the Eastern Bahamas and the GFS is in the Central & Western Bahamas. Food for thought as we continue to move forward.
WINTER 2016-2017 PART 1 OCEAN WATER TEMPERATURES
WINTER 2016-2017 PART 2 ARCTIC SEA ICE AND SIBERIAN SNOW COVER
WINTER 2016-2017 PART 3 NEW JERSEY PREVIEW
WINTER 2016-2017 PART 4 EASTERN PENNSYLVANIA PREVIEW
FiOS1 News Weather Forecast For Long Island
FiOS1 News Weather Forecast For New Jersey
FiOS1 News Weather Forecast For Hudson Valley
JOIN JOESTRADAMUS ON YOUTUBE!
LATEST JOESTRADAMUS ON THE LONG RANGE
LONG ISLAND WEATHER
NEW YORK WEATHER
Weather App
Don't be without Meteorologist Joe Cioffi's weather app. It is really a meteorologist app because you get my forecasts and my analysis and not some automated computer generated forecast based on the GFS model. This is why your app forecast changes every 6 hours. It is model driven with no human input at all. It gives you an icon, a temperature and no insight whatsoever.
It is a complete weather app to suit your forecast needs. All the weather information you need is right on your phone. Android or I-phone, use it to keep track of all the latest weather information and forecasts. This weather app is also free of advertising so you don't have to worry about security issues with your device. An accurate forecast and no worries that your device is being compromised.
Use it in conjunction with my website and my facebook and Twitter and you have complete weather coverage of all the latest weather and the long range outlook. The website has been redone and upgraded. It's easy to use and everything is archived so you can see how well Joe does or doesn't do when it comes to forecasts and outlooks.
Just click on the Google play button or the Apple Store button on the sidebar for my app which is on My Weather Concierge. Download the app for free. Subscribe to my forecasts on an ad free environment for just 99 cents a month.
Get my forecasts in the palm of your hand for less than the cost of a cup of Joe!
Like this: Like Loading...
Delta Heavy / Image Credit United Launch Alliance
An Innerspace Editorial:
In what seems to be becoming something of an annual affair, it was SpaceX versus United Launch Alliance Round earlier this week in Washington D.C.
Last year, SpaceX's Elon Musk and ULA's Michael Gass squared off against each other in a highly contentious Senate Appropriations Committee Hearing. Much of the debate at the time centered on three key issues; the 36 core block buy of ULA rockets, the Russian built RD-180 engine which powers the Atlas V booster, and the billion dollar a year ELC contract (subsidy) which pays ULA irrespective of the number of missions performed.
Just over one year later, both companies were back before Congress, this time on St. Patrick's day, and before the House Armed Services subcommittee instead of the Senate. In the intervening year, much has changed, but the debate was largely the same, albeit conducted in more measured tones, in part because the personalities have changed.
Michael Gass is gone, replaced as ULA President by the very different Tory Bruno, who since taking the helm has gone out of his way to engage the public in a way his predecessor never did. Meanwhile, SpaceX was represented not by founder Elon Musk, but instead by company President and COO Gwynne Shotwell.
Some background:
It was not long after the first hearing that SpaceX filed suit against the block buy, seeking a temporary injunction against the RD-180 engine on the grounds that it violated sanctions levied against Vladimir Putin's inner circle in the wake that nation's seizure of the Crimea. A year later, with the the lawsuit dropped in exchange for a promise of better treatment from the Air Force, the block buy is a matter of fact, but so too is competition. The question is whether or not it will be fair. While SpaceX is now looking forward to certification by the Air Force “by June, ” the issue of the launch subsidy looms larger than ever. So too does the reason the sanctions were levied against Russia in the first place.
A day after the hearing, Russians were celebrating the one year anniversary of that invasion, and by extension, the undeclared war against Ukraine which has cost more than 6,000 lives thus far, including the 298 killed when a Russian missile system shot down Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 in July. With Russia flexing its military muscles in a way not seen since the height of the Cold War, the issue of reliance on the RD-180 for U.S. defense launches was one of the key elements of hearing, as well as a separate panel which followed Tuesday afternoon, but it was never addressed in that context, at least by Congress, ULA or the DOD. Gwynne Shotwell however, did observe that Russian Defence Minister Dmitry Rogozin has openly bragged that U.S. purchases of the engine provide “free money” to the Russian defense establishment.
That oversight was not accidental. At the core of the present problem is ULA's decision to retire the single stick Delta booster in 2018, keeping only the triple core Delta Heavy for as long as it is needed. The decision according to ULA's Bruno, was made because the Delta is “not cost competitive” coming in at 30% more than the Atlas V. Finally facing competition from SpaceX for those medium class launches not protected by the block buy, ULA chose to phase out the more expensive of its two lines. That is only part of the story however.
With Delta being phased out, ULA has pushed, and Congress has seemingly accepted the narrative that unless it is allowed to keep purchasing RD-180's for the Atlas V until it has a new engine, and a new rocket designed, built and qualified, a process which could take into the early 2020's, the U.S. is simply exchanging one monopoly for another. It is a flawed argument which seeks to change the definition of a monopoly while obscuring the real issue.
Neither the Atlas V nor the Delta IV boosters are cost competitive versus the Falcon 9. The only difference is that the gap between the Atlas and Falcon 9 is a smaller number, than the one between the Delta series and the Falcon. If the Air Force does indeed open up truly fair competition in the EELV program after the Falcon 9 booster is certified this summer, there is little reason to see why the SpaceX product should lose any launch opportunity it is physically capable of performing. How else can one compare the $164 million dollar figure cited by ULA versus the $80-90 million figures cited by SpaceX? Even if overlooking the additional $100 million ELC/subsidy which accrues to the ULA product?
The answer is painfully simple. Until ULA, or any other new entrant produces a booster which is price competitive to the SpaceX product, there isn't going to be any real competition. Instead, the decision to purchase a significantly more expensive launch service must be made on different grounds entirely, some of which are completely justifiable. It is a disservice however, to call such decisions “competition.”
Ever since it went to a two vendor solution in the early days of the EELV program, the Air Force has promoted the idea that the defense establishment requires separate, redundant launch solutions, in order to ensure that if one product line is discovered to have a serious flaw, the other can take up the slack while problems are addressed. It has never been given serious heed however, as Lockheed Martin declined to produce an “Atlas Heavy” and since the formation of United Launch Alliance, efforts have moved in the opposite direction with manufacturing consolidation in Decatur, Alabama and pursuit of a common upper space engine.
The introduction of the Falcon 9 to the EELV program gives the nation what Shotwell termed, “separate, dissimilar” launch solutions, first in the medium category, and with the introduction and eventual certification of Falcon Heavy, across all categories regardless of what booster ULA is flying. Therein lies the policy solution to the real problem addressed, but not acknowledged by the hearing; the retirement of the Delta rocket.
ULA has cited competitive disadvantage as the reason for closing out the production line, but it is also providing a highly convenient tool for threatening Congress with a “monopoly gap” if it is now allowed what it really wants, unfettered access to the RD-180 for as long as possible. In this regard, it is very reminiscent of the leverage used by its parent companies Boeing and Lockheed Martin to secure the launch subsidies beginning in 2003 which continue to this day.
With SpaceX entering the EELV market, there is no reason to succumb to the pressure. Instead, it is time to revisit a different gap, the one in pricing between the Atlas and Delta. With neither actually cost competitive versus the Falcon 9, it very well may be worthwhile to consider paying more for a certain number of Delta boosters after the block buy expires, as opposed to continuing to support Russian military aggression and undermining the U.S. manufacturing base with the purchase of more RD-180's. The actual number could be determined by how serious ULA becomes about Delta pricing once management is forced to deal with the reality that the alternative is not in-house orders for the Atlas-V, but purchases of the SpaceX Falcon 9 instead.
Would ULA be happy? Certainly not, but the Aerojet-Rocketdyne employees building the RS-68A engine which powers the Delta IV clearly would, and more importantly the United States could finally extricate itself from a dependency which has gone on far to long, and has become much darker in recent months. As for SpaceX, it might not be particularly thrilled at what would amount to a mini block buy of Deltas for the 2019 -22 time frame either, but it would at least have the opportunity to influence the outcome in how it bids Falcon, and how soon it could certify Falcon Heavy. From that standpoint, it would be quite similar to NASA's openly competed, but still structured Commercial Crew, CRS-1 and CRS-2 contracts. In the first two instances, SpaceX has offered the lower bid, but not in the expectation of winning everything because the policy benefit of having two providers trumps the cost savings of going only with the lowest bidder.
From a facilities standpoint, ULA is committed to keeping both East and West Coast Delta launch pads operational for the Delta Heavy for years to come anyway. And if a block was necessary to bring down the cost of a mixed fleet, surely a commitment to Delta only model would help its pricing as well.
As for the taxpayer, one element which seems to have been consistently overlooked in EELV purchasing issue is the savings SpaceX is bringing to the table. Roughly speaking, each purchase of a Falcon 9 line launch will result in savings sufficient to “buy down” the gap between it and the Delta. For securing America's sovereignty over its own defense launch market now, rather than at ULA's convenience sometime in the future, it may be well worth any additional expense incurred.
In the long run, the U.S. needs at least two independent government launch solutions, with American companies building American products and competing against each other on a level playing field. One hopes that the new launch system under design by ULA will make that possible. In his opening statements, Mr. Bruno certainly paints an optimistic picture of what the company is seeking to become. Hopefully it will. Unfortunately, much of what came afterward, with nearly comical denials that a subsidy is not a subsidy, and is merely a representation of costs that (everybody?) incurs, as well as threats of higher prices for captive products if it cannot have its way, is a retread of its budget busting past. It is time for Congress to set the company free by breaking its addiction to Russian engines once and for all by denying access beyond the 36 core block buy.
The hearing is below, and begins at the 42 minute mark. For a complete breakdown of other major points addressed, also see Marcia Smith's detailed summary at Spacepolicyonline.
The plaintiff alleges that, throughout the summer of 1994, she was imprisoned and raped at parties hosted by finance billionaire Jeffery Epstein.
Doe's attorney, Thomas Meagher, told Revelist that Doe left home at age 13 to attempt a modeling career in New York City. While struggling to get started in the industry, one of Epstein's associates — who has now submitted an affidavit in Doe's case against him — spotted her. The associate told Doe that she could be paid to attend parties hosted by Epstein, and that they would help to advance her career. She attended several such parties that summer.
Doe claims she encountered Trump at four of these parties, where he "initiated sexual contact" each time. In the fourth and final encounter, she alleges Trump tied her to the bed, exposed himself, and raped her.
"During the course of this savage sexual attack, Plaintiff loudly pleaded with Defendant Trump to stop but with no effect," the suit alleges. "Defendant Trump responded to Plaintiff's pleas by violently striking Plaintiff in the face with his open hand and screaming that he would do whatever he wanted."
After the encounter, the plaintiff alleges that Trump threatened to kill her family if she told anyone about it. Doe remained silent for 12 years, before this year's campaign made facing her past with Trump "unavoidable.""This is a woman who is pained by what she went through," Meagher told Revelist. "She has major intimacy problems, she's never had a relationship that lasted, never had children, never gotten married … And seeing [Trump] on TV all the time caused her to think through what to do about it, and ultimately resulted in what she did in April."
Update: It now appears that Mike Crockart is not resigning after all. The word from the Lib Dems is that the mistake occurred because the wrong phone number is beside his name in a media directory. A spokesman for Crockart said: "The quotes were from a random man, not Mike. They had somebody else's number against his name. Mike is still waiting to see what the final offer will be before he votes and that has always been our line."
The fake Mike Crockart also appeared on the World At One and was quickly cut off after the show realised their mistake. All of which begs the question: is he the only Lib Dem imposter? It would explain an awful lot ...
Update: Lib Dem MP Mike Crockart has said that he will resign from his post (PPS to Michael Moore) in order to vote against tuition fees. He told the Evening Standard: "I will be voting against 100 per cent. I'm not going to be pushed out. Resigning probably will be the only option." Norman Baker and at least one other Lib Dem MP are also thought to be on the verge of resigning.
The dizzying attempt to chart the Lib Dem split on tuition fees continues. It's some measure of Nick Clegg's lack of authority that party unity has decreased, not increased, in the past 24 hours.
What looked like a three-way split has become a four-way split. After failing to reach agreement on a mass abstention, senior Lib Dem ministers including Clegg and Vince Cable will vote in favour of their own policy. They will be joined by pro-fees MPs such as David Laws and John Hemming.
A second group of ministers and backbenchers will abstain from the vote (as is their right under the coalition agreement). A third group of left-leaning MPs including the party president, Tim Farron, and the former leaders Charles Kennedy and Ming Campbell ("my credibility would be shot") will stick to their election pledge to vote against any increase in fees. A final group of backbenchers is pushing a fourth option of calling off the vote in order to allow a full public consultation to take place.
One of them, Greg Mullholland, told the Guardian: "Sometimes the most courageous thing to do is to admit you need a rethink. The best thing for higher education is not to force this vote through on Thursday." All of which looks like a feeble attempt to postpone the inevitable. There is no prospect of a substantially different package being put forward by the coalition.
Meanwhile, it's worth keeping an eye on the three Tory MPs who also signed the NUS pledge to vote against any increase in fees. After all, as recently as Michael Howard's leadership, the Conservative Party itself was opposed to the principle of tuition fees.
The Fees Three are: Ben Wallace (Wyre and Preston North), Lee Scott (Ilford North), Bob Blackman (Harrow East). Wallace has since claimed that the NUS "misinformed" people of his intentions but Scott (who is Philip Hammond's PPS) is still on record as opposing any rise in fees.
Here's a list of those Lib Dem MPs likely or certain to vote against the bill on Thursday:
1. Charles Kennedy ("I shall be voting against the coalition's proposals on university tuition fees.")
2. Ming Campbell ("My credibility would be shot to pieces if I did anything other than to stick to the promise I made.")
3. Mike Hancock ('It's a big step in the right direction but the government hasn't done enough to make me vote for it and I won't.")
4. Julian Huppert ("I made a promise to the students that I would never support a rise in tuition fees and I have reaffirmed that promise today.")
5. John Leech ("I again publicly state that I will vote against an increase in tuition fees.")
6. Ian Swales ("I can't support raising the fee cap up to £9,000 per year.")
7. John Pugh ("I will vote against any rise in tuition fees, unless a rabbit is pulled out of the hat – and there is no sign of that.")
8. Tim Farron
9. Bob Russell
10. Mark Williams
11. Simon Wright
12. Roger Williams
13. Martin Horwood
14. Greg Mullholland
Fair elections are a cornerstone of democracy, and part of what Canada's veterans fought to guarantee in past wars. But here we are, 144 years since Canada became a so-called democracy, and no one can tell whether Elections Canada is enforcing the federal election law fairly and properly.
Last federal election broke law, says government watchdog read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
Democracy Watch's recently completed analysis of Elections Canada's enforcement of the Canada Elections Act since 2004 has revealed that it has failed to report details of how it has investigated and ruled on 2,284 complaints it received about violations of the Act during elections, and likely many other complaints it received in between elections.
Last week, Crown prosecutors, acting on behalf of Elections Canada, cut a deal with the federal Conservatives to end the court case against Conservative senators, party officials and the Conservative Party over the party's advertising spending scheme in the 2006 election. That case is public because charges were filed, and the party pleaded guilty in the deal and paid the maximum fine, while the charges against the senators and officials were dropped.
Failure to enforce, or even ask
Prosecutors should have pursued the case against the senators and officials, as there was a likelihood of conviction given the evidence that they knew what they were doing and knew there were serious issues about whether it could be done legally.
At least the public can form its own opinion about the situation, because what Elections Canada has done in investigating and pursuing the case is public -- but with the 2,284 other complaint situations, no one knows what Elections Canada has done.
Unfortunately, this is not an unusual situation. Because of the failure of MPs to ask key questions, and the failures of the heads of various federal good government watchdog agencies, former federal Integrity Commissioner Christiane Ouimet hid her negligently weak enforcement record from 2007 to 2010, as did federal Commissioner of Lobbying Karen Shepherd from 2007 to spring 2011 (and her predecessor Michael Nelson from 2004 to 2007). And, federal Conflict of Interest and Ethics Commissioner Mary Dawson continues to hide details about her dangerously weak enforcement record, because MPs continue to fail to ask her key questions.
In a letter dated Feb. 16, 2011 sent to the chairs of six House committees and other key Senate, Privy Council and Cabinet officials, seven Officers of Parliament (including Elections Canada's Chief Electoral Officer Marc Mayrand, but not including Ethics Commissioner Dawson) urged House and Senate committees to watch them more closely to ensure they are doing their jobs properly.
However, in recent House committee hearings at which the chief electoral officer, ethics commissioner, and commissioner of lobbying have appeared, MPs have again failed to ask them key questions about how and whether they are doing their jobs properly.
Give us the details
Elections Canada claims that it has resolved many of the 2,284 election complaints, but the public has a right to know the details of when, how and why each complaint was resolved. To date, Elections Canada has disclosed the details of the resolution of only 53 situations since 2004. It has not even disclosed the number of complaints it has received each year in between elections, and there are an additional 1,874 complaints about which only a vague summary has been disclosed.
The details about the 2,284 election complaints and other complaints may reveal that Elections Canada is investigating and ruling on every complaint fairly and effectively, and in a timely way -- or it may reveal that Elections Canada is acting in biased, unfair ways that negatively affect the outcome of elections and/or the reputations of only certain politicians and party officials.
The same is true with the other key democratic, good government watchdog agencies -- if we don't know the details about how they are ruling on each complaint, we can't know if they are acting fairly.
Hopefully, MPs will hold soon hearings and request details so that Elections Canada's actual enforcement record over the past seven years will be revealed for public scrutiny. And hopefully MPs will soon change their past practices, and consistently and regularly hold hearings at which they ask the questions to get the information needed to ensure all the federal good government watchdog agencies are doing their jobs well and properly.
But the real, much-needed solution is to change the laws that regulate all these good government watchdog agencies to require disclosure of this key information that the public has a right to know.
[Tags: Politics, Rights and Justice.]
WASHINGTON: One of the two police officers who allegedly assaulted the 57-year-old Indian man in Alabama has been arrested and FBI will be conducting a probe into the matter to find out if there were any federal violations in the incident.Larry Muncey, the Madison City Chief of Police while apologizing to the victim Sureshbhai Patel , who was wrongfully assaulted by two police officers, without any provocation just because he did not know English and was unable to answer to their questions, informed that Federal Bureau of Investigation will also be conducting a probe into the matter."I sincerely apologize to Mr Patel, Mr Patel's family and our community. We strive to exceed expectations," Muncey told reporters at a news conference.
READ ALSO: US cops leave Indian temporarily paralyzed
"Additionally FBI would be conducting a parallel inquiry to ascertain if there were any federal violations," Muncey said after he released audio and videos related to the incident."As a result of the investigations, I found that Mr Parkers's actions did not meet the high standard and expectations of the Madison City Police Department," he said, adding, that he (Muncey) has proposed termination of officer Parker, who has now been arrested for third-degree assault.The incident occurred on the morning of February 6 while walking down the sidewalk in the neighbourhood, Patel, a permanent US resident, "was violently assaulted by a police official without provocation, and left partially paralysed," according to the 11-page lawsuit filed.A day before, Patel had arrived in the United States to assist his son and daughter-in-law in caring for their 17-month-old child, who was developmentally delayed after a premature birth.
READ ALSO: India protests police assault on Indian man in US
In the video, Patel is seen walking quietly in a sidewalk. He is not seen peeping at any of the houses or garage as was the police told in an non-emergency call it received from a neighbour, after which a police car was rushed to the neighbourhood.In the video, two police officers are see approaching Patel and asking him questions like name, address and identity card.Patel is heard saying "No English" and pointing finger towards his son's home. Soon one of the police officer , later identified as Parker, is seen violently throwing Patel on the ground and threatening him not to leave. It is at this time it appears Patel was paralysed, apparently by shock.Moments later when two police officers try to walk him, Patel is not able to stand on his own. Patel was severely injured in the incident, said his attorney Henry F Sherrod.Patel has been partly paralyzed and is currently under treatment at a city hospital.
Thom Tillis' recent past is catching up to him, it would seem. Two months ago, a 2011 video surfaced of the North Carolina Republican Senate candidate expounding on the need to pit recipients of government assistance against one another so that Republicans can “divide and conquer.” Now, Daniel Strauss at Talking Points Memo reports that Tillis, during a 2012 appearance on a local news program, “said that the ‘traditional' voting bloc of his home state wasn't growing like as minority populations.”
Here's the context of Tillis' comments:
Advertisement:
If you take a look, you mentioned the Hispanic population —the African American population, there are a number of things that our party stands for that they embrace. I think we have to do a better job of communicating it. I think we have to do a better job of being out there in between elections, garnering support for the things that we're trying to advance. And I think that we need a focus on limited government and free markets which is something that's appealing to everybody. That kind of work will position us for those growing sectors. The traditional population of North Carolina and the United States is more or less stable. It's not growing. The African American population is roughly growing but the Hispanic population and the other immigrant populations are growing in significant numbers. We've got to resonate with those future voters.
Asked for comment by TPM on what he meant by “traditional population,” Tillis' campaign offered up a heaping pile of nonsense. “'Traditional' North Carolinians refers to North Carolinians who have been here for a few generations. A lot of the state's recent population growth is from people who move from other states to live, work, and settle down in North Carolina. Thom Tillis for example.”
Come on… Tillis was not talking about transplants to the Tar Heel State. He said “the traditional population of North Carolina and the United States.” The glaringly obvious point of his remarks was to contrast African Americans and Hispanics with the “traditional population,” by which he meant white people.
That's the only explanation that makes sense, both as a matter of logic and when you consider who Thom Tillis is and what his politics are. Tillis' victory in the Republican Senate primary was widely cast as a victory for the GOP establishment, given that Tillis had the backing of figures like Mitch McConnell, Mitt Romney, and other party bigwigs. But Tillis is a tea party guy, and his politics are very conservative. And he's a politician in a state that is undergoing dramatic demographic shifts, with a shrinking share of the white population and rapid growth among minorities. Tillis' use of “traditional” is consistent with how conservatives use it generally in the context of social change: to describe the status quo that they are comfortable with ("traditional marriage," "traditional values," etc).
And therein lies the irony in Tillis' comments. He was talking about the need to expand the appeal of the GOP and “better communicate” that the Republican Party has policies that appeal to non-white voters, but in doing so he excluded African Americans and Hispanics from the “traditional population,” thus proving his own point that Republicans are really bad at that sort of outreach.
RB Leipzig currently sit joint on points with Bayern Munich at the summit of the German top flight, having played their first ever ten Bundesliga games.
The hate and disdain aimed at RBL by fans has been raucous at times with many displaying their disgust, at this ‘corporate club' who are just here to sell a ‘product' and ‘lifestyle' rather than football, in the most palpable ways. Fans of opposing clubs have paraded banners slandering the club since their inception in 2009 and the debate continues to resonate among German football's top brass.
Returning to on field matters, they have conceded seven goals, only one more than Bayern this season, thanks to a defensive system farmed in the agricultural fields of the German second division, marshalled by the impressive veteran Marvin Compper (there's an adjective and noun combo that Bundesliga fans never thought would be used together in the same sentence) and Willi Orban.
However, it is their impressive tally of 20 goals in their inaugural Bundesliga season that has turned heads throughout Europe. The tall, rangy Danish forward Yussuf Poulsen has led the line providing the base to allow the dynamic trio of Emil Forsberg, Marcel Sabitzer and former Nottingham Forest man Oliver Burke to garner the plaudits.
Forsberg in particular has been a revelation but it is his scarily telepathic on-field connection with a seasoned Bundesliga veteran that has the fans stirring.
Timo Werner, still only 20 years old is fast becoming the star of this unlikeliest show. For so long a footballing wasteland, East Germany now has a footballing presence that has the capabilities, and crucially the financial backing, to outlast many of their deep-seated traditional Western counterparts with Werner at the forefront.
The forward was relegated to the 2. Bundesliga with Stuttgart after last season and it must have been difficult to leave his boyhood club for another first-division club in the summer. Nonetheless when the opportunity came to make an instant return with Leipzig it was easy to predict this exciting talent would build on his fledgling reputation.
When replacing goal scorer Oliver Burke in Leipzig's 1-1 draw with FC Köln in September, Werner became the youngest player to reach 100 Bundesliga appearances, surpassing ‘wunderkind' Julian Draxler.
It may be a bit harsh to say that Draxler hasn't fulfilled his potential yet – he is of course an established German international, but with the form of his current club Wolfsburg being so inconsistent, you'd imagine the majority of people would rather be in Werner's position right now with the world at his mesmeric feet.
The youngster was the complete contradiction to his almost robotic and politically correct post-match interview as he led his side to a 3-1 victory over plucky Mainz 05 last weekend.
His directness and pace ran the Mainz defenders ragged as he netted two and assisted the other for his creative sidekick Forsberg (sorry Marco and Pierre-Emerick, Batman and Robin may have some worthy challengers after all).
This progressive club led by the enterprising Austrian manager Ralph Hasenhüttl and forward-thinking Ralf Rangnick seem like the perfect fit for the enigmatic yet unequivocal talents of Werner.
Last weekend took RB's record signing to five goals in 10 appearances this campaign with two assists to his name after scoring only 13 goals in 95 league matches with Stuttgart over three seasons. His finishing was subpar when with the Swabians — now he will be hoping to at least treble this tally if his club are to maintain a challenge near the top of the division.
Whether RB can continue this extraordinary form for the remainder of the season and Werner, Forsberg, Burke and co. replicate their scintillating attacking play is a story still to be told.
But it will come as no surprise when we finally here Tony Britten's immortal Champions League anthem ringing out, not just around the Red Bull Arena but as an iconic battle-cry reverberating across the whole of Europe.
Photo from RBL Facebook page
Philadelphia, PA – 9 October 2017 – BlockRx has announced the launch of its groundbreaking BlockRx Token ICO fundraising campaign, which opened to the public on September 21, 2017. Part of the premier Dubai ICO Crypto Bazar Event, BlockRx has been garnering attention and commitments from major Global investors, including representatives from the UAE Central Bank.
The BlockRx Token is one of the critical branches of the three-pronged BlockRx Pharma Ecosystem solution, alongside iSolve's ADLT™ platform, and the Hyperledger Sawtooth Blockchain by Intel.
Today, the global pharma market is approximately an $800 billion industry, with projected growth to $1.12 trillion by 2022. The counterfeit medicine business, currently estimated between $75-200 billion annually by the World Customs Organization, is a fast-growing, global epidemic with significant human and financial costs.
Furthermore, the rising cost of healthcare is outpacing the increase in personal income. The average patient struggles to maintain a balance between healthcare costs and effective outcomes. In the United States “Patient payments now account for 35% of provider revenue… by comparison, in 2000 patients paid just 5% of healthcare provider revenue,” according to the U.S. Commerce Department's Bureau of Economic Analysis.
“The urgency for a cutting-edge solution to combat counterfeiting and reduce medical costs is more prevalent than at any other time,” explains Gordon Tampol, CEO of iSolve. “This BlockRx Token is a critical utility enabling the underlying platform to optimize and secure a decentralized pharmaceutical supply chain while empowering patients with the ability to manage and share their health data. Patients can earn BlockRx Tokens in exchange for their data on their terms, and the Tokens can, in turn, be used to reduce the costs of medicines, co-pays, and insurance premiums.”
The BlockRx Pharma Ecosystem is a robust solution incorporating Hyperledger Sawtooth by Intel, a high-performance enterprise blockchain; the BlockRx Token for blockchain entries and data exchange; and iSolve's Advanced Digital Ledger Technology (ADLT) to integrate legacy systems with the blockchain.
The BlockRx Token will be the primary means of rewarding trade partners and consumers for utilizing the blockchain as a vehicle for managing data entries pertaining to drug development and logistics. The BlockRx Token will be used to provide valuable information to other trusted partners through the BlockRx Pharma Ecosystem and can also serve as a medium of exchange for the acquisition of intellectual property, services, and data exchange. See the BlockRx white paper for complete details.
BlockRx has made available 120 million digital tokens called the BlockRx Token (BKRx).
BlockRx ICO
The BlockRx Initial Coin Offering (ICO) is scheduled to run until October 19, 2017. During this time BlockRx invites investors to become better acquainted with the company before they choose to support the project. The ICO period is set for a limited time. Visit www.BlockRx.com for details.
About BlockRx™
BlockRx™ is a series of initiatives by iSolve which leverage the blockchain and iSolve's Advanced Digital Ledger Technology™ (ADLT™). The platform is a comprehensive solution to fully integrate Life Science Researchers, BioPharma Companies, Medical Device Manufacturers, Retailers and Healthcare Providers to improve patient outcomes.
About iSolve
iSolve is dedicated to supporting organizations throughout the drug development lifecycle. By developing cutting-edge blockchain solutions that help align company initiatives with strategic partners, we will help organizations achieve their corporate goals and expand their enterprise.
Media Contact
Please submit all press inquiries and interview requests to [email protected].
Batman has always been a force for good, stopping diabolical, often fantastical enemies before they hurt the innocent. Now, he's got a new foe: police misconduct.
DC Comics The cover of "Dark Knight III: Master Race"
On Wednesday, DC Comics released the first issue of "Dark Knight III: Master Race," the highly anticipated comic from the legendary Frank Miller, who brought us "Dark Knight Returns."
This time, instead of taking on the maniacal Joker or the whimsical Riddler, Batman squares off against his local police force. In the opening panels of Miller's new comic, a young black man named Squid is stopped by police, guns pointed at him.
Batman saving a black man from police brutality (from Dark Knight III: The Master Race #1) pic.twitter.com/JzKmvp1fD1 — Mario Pabon (@restlessbit) November 29, 2015
"Getting arrested,” Squid texts a friend. When the friend asks why, he responds, “The man need no reason."
Thinking that this is the end, Squid runs away. Batman soon arrives on the scene, beating down the crooked cops.
It's the start of a lot of trouble for the caped crusader, who ends up having to fight the entire Gotham Police Department as the officers race to get their hands on the vigilante.
DC Comics Batman takes a beating in Miller's latest comic, "DKIII: Master Race"
Batman “is, politically, a radical and a revolutionary out to overthrow a corrupt police state,” Miller told Vulture in November. “It's a very patriotic and loyal-to-the-law kind of story, but the established authorities were doing the wrong thing, so it took an outlaw to bring justice.”
The comic may have been inspired by recent stories of police brutality against black men, such as the New York City police officer who put Eric Garner in a fatal chokehold and the South Carolina cop who shot and killed Walter Scott.
Scott Snyder's "Batman #44," released in September, depicted Batman confronting police brutality and standing with the Black Lives Matter movement. Snyder's story begins with Batman investigating the killing of a black teen in a hoodie who was fatally shot by a white cop. The comic has strong parallels with the killings of Michael Brown and Akai Gurley, both unarmed black men who were shot and killed by police officers.
by Aliyya Swaby | Jun 17, 2015 3:00 pm
(5) Comments | Commenting has been closed | E-mail the Author
Posted to: Legal Writes
After serving 21 years of a 70-year sentence, Stefon Morant will walk free as soon as this week—the second man released from prison thanks to revelations about a New Haven cop with connections to the drug trade.
At a hearing Wednesday morning in state Superior Court on Church Street, Judge Patrick Clifford ordered that Morant's sentence be changed to time served and that he be released.
The decision came less than three weeks after Morant's co-defendant, Scott Lewis, passed the final legal hurdle in his own court appeals to win his permanent freedom.
Thus one of New Haven's highest-profile police misconduct dramas came to a close for two men imprisoned for decades based on the work of a detective, Vincent Raucci, who was revealed to have framed them for a spectacular double murder: the shootings of former New Haven alderman Ricardo Turner and his lover in their bed in 1990. The case's delayed outcome comes amid a nationwide reexamination of black defendants' treatment by the criminal justice system, fueling the #BlackLivesMatter movement.
An FBI investigation produced evidence that, amid deep involvement in the cocaine trade (independently confirmed in other documents), Raucci may have coaxed shaky witnesses to provide the crucial testimony used to convict Morant and Lewis. Until the past month, however, the state's attorney's office had pushed to keep them both behind bars.
On Wednesday morning, New Haven State's Attorney Michael Dearington told Judge Clifford that he agreed with Morant's lawyer, William Bloss, that Morant should now be released.
Morant's brothers, wife, mother, niece, nephew and close family friends filled one side of the court's benches, waiting for hours to see the judge decide on his case. They clutched each other and sobbed with relief after Bloss deciphered the judge's decision outside the courtroom.
“He's coming home,” Bloss told them. “He'll need some help.”
“We were overwhelmed and joyed that victory is here for us. We're speechless. We've been fighting this fight for a very long time,” said one family member (pictured in orange above), who declined to give her name.
Bloss said the paperwork for Morant's release will go to Cheshire Correctional Institution, whose officials will calculate the amount of time he has served with the amount of good time credit he earned.
“We believe he will be discharged soon,” in the next few days, Bloss said.
In court, Dearington cited “numerous herrings” when explaining why the state agreed to release Morant on time served. “It's public information that the police officer involved put him up to contriving the story,” he said in court Wednesday. “The state agrees to the resolution.”
Later Dearington said he acted because of “the information that's now public about Raucci and [retired police Lt. Michaell] Sweeney” that Sweeney had observed Raucci coaxing the case's key witnesses to fabricate a statement. Sweeney's testimony about that fact in federal court proved central to judges' decisions that Scott Lewis be released.
Morant's appeals were always more challenging than Lewis—because unlike Lewis, Morant had given police a confession that he committed the murder. He later insisted Raucci had pressured him to invent that confession; until now the state did not accept that story.
Bloss Wednesday asked the judge to cut down Morant's 70-year sentence to a total of 25 years—the minimum sentence for his charges, which he has now served counting time for good behavior.
Morant, who was charged and tried separately from Lewis, had exhausted his direct state appeals and filed his own federal habeas corpus application in 2009. That application is pending. Wednesday's sentence modification will resolve the application, Bloss said.
“It is our belief that with statutory good time and the amount of credit he has to date that he will be effectively immediately released,” Bloss said.
“We felt this was the best outcome,” Dearington said later.
“The state made a reasonable and responsible decision in light of all that has happened. Mr. Morant is very much looking forward to starting a new life,” Bloss said. He said he has a “high degree of confidence in the support” his family will give Morant after his release.
Click here for a detailed account of the FBI revelations and the specifics of this case, from a 1998 exposé in the now-defunct New Haven Advocate. And click here to read the full FBI report, which covered wide ground about New Haven's drug trade.
Previous coverage of this case:
Framed “Killer” Is Free At Last
Scott Lewis Comes Home
Chinese tech giant ZTE has launched a Kickstarter project for ‘Project CSX' a handset designed with features voted for by users.
Sometime last year, ZTE asked tech fans to get involved with a new project called ‘Project CSC'. The idea was to let smartphone users vote on which features they want to see on a new smartphone so that ZTE could focus its efforts on features customers actually want and make use of.
Once the votes were counted it was revealed that the feature that users wanted to see on a smartphone is Eye Tracking, a feature that would be used to scroll through pages and switch from menu to menu completely hands free. The idea has been tried before, but the ZTE project wants to add side scrolling to the mix, and we believe this will be unique to the device.
Users were also asked to vote on a name with the final device being called the Hawkeye.
Hawkeye will be a completely new phone and while we don't know what the specs of that device will be we can at least see the eye tracking feature in the Kickstarter video attached.
As you can see the software works on a current Axon phone so this is more of a software feature rather than hardware so in theory it could be brought to any ZTE smartphone in the future, but if you wanted a ‘Hawkeye' you can join the Kickstarter campaign now to get a special intro price of just $199.99.
There are more details below in the Press Release
ZTE's Project CSX Crowdsourced Smartphone Comes to Life through the “Hawkeye” name at CES 2017
Continuing with the crowdsourced theme, the Hawkeye phone is available for pre-order on Kickstarter today
Las Vegas, Nevada —January 4, 2017—ZTE, a leading global consumer mobile device maker, today announced “Hawkeye” as the winning name of the Project CSX eye-tracking, self-adhesive smartphone device at CES 2017. With 540 name submissions from consumers around the world, the Hawkeye phone is available for pre-order today on Kickstarter at kickstarter.zteusa.com for a discounted price of $199.00.
“Project CSX has been a groundbreaking process and the Hawkeye device sets the stage for us in 2017,” said Lixin Cheng, SVP of ZTE Corporation. “As we move forward with this smartphone, we'll look to continue to integrate consumers every step of the way.”
Continuing with the crowdsourced theme surrounding Project CSX, the Hawkeye phone is available for pre-order on Kickstarter and is expected to ship globally in Q3 2017.
“With Project CSX, we experimented by turning the typical R&D process on its head and did something completely different within the industry,” said Jeff Yee, vice president of Technology Planning and Partnerships of ZTE USA. “We believe that the Hawkeye name reflects the spirit and vision of ZTE as we continue to put the consumer first throughout this entire process and will continue to do so in every phone we deliver.”
Project CSX kicked off at CES 2016 when ZTE announced its plans to completely crowdsource a mobile device that the company promised to build in 2017. In October 2016, thousands of consumers from 176 countries selected the winning concept, a device that aims for an easier and smoother user experience with eye-tracking capabilities and a self-adhesive back.
To learn more about ZTE and to keep up with the latest Project CSX developments visit csx.zteusa.com or to become a member of Z-Community, visit community.zteusa.com.
Hamas has handed over administrative control of five border crossings in Gaza to the Palestinian Authority.
Wednesday's handover, the first in over a decade, is part of a deal agreed on in the latest round of Egypt-brokered reconciliation talks between Hamas and the PA-ruled Fatah political party in Cairo on October 12.
Fatah spokesperson Osama Qawasmeh told Al Jazeera that no conditions were set by Fatah or Hamas for the handover.
"The issue is simply a matter of restoring the status quo back under the Palestinian Authority's control, as was the case before the 2007 split," he said, referring to the political schism that ended with Hamas taking over the Gaza Strip after an attempted coup by US-backed Fatah strongman Mohammad Dahlan.
The PA will take administrative charge of the three cargo crossings including the Karam Abu Salem crossing on the Egyptian border, as well as the Rafah and Beit Hanoun (Erez) crossings - the latter which is controlled by Israel in the north of the Strip.
{articleGUID}
In a statement on Tuesday, the PA minister of civil affairs, Hussein al-Sheikh, said the national unity government is prepared to work closely with Egyptian authorities to prepare the Rafah border crossing for operation by November 15, as specified by the 2005 Agreement on Movement and Access.
Rafah, the main border crossing in the south of the Gaza Strip, has been largely closed to Gaza's population of two million since Hamas took over.
The other crossing, Erez, is located in the north of the strip and is run by Israel.
The PA will also be in charge of the three cargo crossing points of Karni, Kerem Shalom (Karem Abu Salem) and Sufa.
'Better quality of life'
Qawasmeh said that this handover would make the lives of Palestinians in Gaza "much easier".
"This will no doubt help enable a huge part of people's lives to travel outside the Gaza Strip for whatever reason such as seeking medical treatment, undertaking a scholarship in a university, and leisurely travel," he said.
"The movement of products will be facilitated quicker and will make it easier for import and export trade," he added.
Hazem Qassem, a Hamas spokesperson, echoed his counterpart.
"We hope that handing over control would lead to a better quality of life for Palestinians in the Gaza Strip," he told Al Jazeera.
He stressed that handing over control was not a security issue, but rather a logistical one.
Governing the 'mega-prison'
However, Alaa Tartir, the programme director of the Palestinian policy network Al-Shabaka, said that the transfer of administrative border control "does not necessarily translate into a meaningful national reconciliation and unity".
"Assuming that the mere replacement of personnel at the borders and crossings will lift the siege on Gaza is a naive and dangerous assumption," Tartir said.
"It is a test to examine the fragility or durability of the recent reconciliation agreement."
"It is crucial to acknowledge that Israel, as an occupying power, will remain the de facto holder of power over borders and crossings," he continued.
"This will only change when the Israeli occupation ends. The Hamas-Fatah infighting about who will 'manage' the borders and crossings is merely a fight about who will 'govern' the mega-prison."
Since Hamas took over in 2007, Israel has imposed an air, naval and land blockade on the Gaza Strip, a stretch of land measuring 51km in length and 11km in width. Earlier this year, the PA added pressure on Hamas' government by requesting Israel to cut off its electricity supply to Gaza.
A matter of protocol
Qawasmeh said that the closure of the border crossings was due to the absence of a "legitimate government" and that things are finally "going back to normal".
He also said that the actual transfer of border control would not have much pomp and fanfare.
"The process of handing over control is just a matter of protocol," Qawasmeh said. "The real case is the decision of Hamas – which up until now has been positive – to completely transfer all powers to the national unity government as was stipulated in the latest reconciliation agreement."
The next round of reconciliation talks will take place in Cairo on November 21, where Qassem and Qawasmeh said the discussion would focus on logistics of administration and security of the Gaza Strip.
-Additional reporting by Farah Najjar
A Colchester County councillor is worried about cut backs to emergency department hours at the local hospital.
The Nova Scotia Health Authority said beginning Monday, the ER at Lillian Fraser Memorial Hospital in Tatamagouche, N.S., will close four hours earlier during the week. That means between 4 p.m. and 8 p.m. Monday to Friday there will be no emergency services at the hospital.
Patients will be able to access emergency care from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday to Friday, and 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. as usual on Saturday and Sunday. A registered nurse and paramedic will continue to be available during the overnight hours beginning at 8 p.m. and going to 8 a.m.
The health authority said the change was made after a recommendation from local physicians.
"Adjusting the emergency department schedule at Lillian Fraser Memorial Hospital allows our physicians to better manage the primary care needs of patients while still providing consistent ‎access to emergency services," said the health authority in an email to CBC.
But Coun. Michael Gregory worries patients could fall through the cracks.
"It's devastating. What are people going to do?" said Gregory, who lives just down the street from the hospital. "It could be life and death for some people."
Rural closures
The collaborative care facility has had to close its ER unexpectedly due to a lack of physicians in the past, a problem that continues to plague many rural hospitals.
A report released by the province last year showed emergency rooms were closed the equivalent of 938 days between April 1, 2015, and March 31, 2016. Sixteen hospitals had unplanned closures because they couldn't find enough doctors.
Gregory said there are currently three physicians working in the area, and others travel from elsewhere to provide care in the community. He wants the province to do more to recruit young doctors to growing communities like Tatamagouche.
"This community has so much to offer young people, so if we could convince the government and whoever recruits these doctors to come in here, like my goodness, it's not rocket science," he said.
Travelling to Truro
When the changes take effect Monday, Gregory worries people needing immediate medical attention will have to travel to Truro, which is about 45 minutes away.
That's particularly concerning for him.
A couple years ago, Gregory said he nearly flat-lined on the way to the hospital after being stung by a wasp.
"So if I have to drive to Truro or somebody has to drive me to Truro, chances are I could die before I hit Earltown," he said.
Although the emergency department won't be open, doctors will see patients by appointment at the after-hours clinic between 5 p.m. and 7 p.m. Monday to Friday.
The health authority is reminding anyone with a medical emergency to call 911. For general health concerns, information is available by calling 811 and the mental health crisis line operates 24/7 at 1-888-429-8167.
Over the course of a recruiting season, an employer may have close to five hundred conversations with prospective students at a given school. For those that work specifically in recruiting and attend multiple events, this number can grow to a couple thousand.
Every student has the same question in their mind — given the same opportunity as anyone else to chat with an employer, how do I stand out?
As someone who has spent multiple years on both the side of the student and the side of the employer, I've spent a lot of time wondering about the answer. As most are aware, there is no formula or guaranteed path to getting an interview or a job. For some, positive interactions with employers may not be enough to counteract a resume devoid of meaningful experience. For others, a robust resume might be offset by weak interactions with employers. With a future potentially contingent on a two minute interaction, it's no wonder that recruiting season can be a stressful time for many students and job-seekers alike.
The longer you keep the conversation going, the more you learn about the job, get your questions answered and plant an indelible interaction in the mind of the employer.
As part of a recruiting fair this past Friday with IBM, I noticed a few key observations that stood out:
Avoid Questions That May Lead To a Website. As I mentioned earlier, most recruiters and practitioners have anywhere from five hundred to two thousand conversations at a school. Any conversation involving information that can be found specifically on a website is an easy way out for employers. Asking an employer about their perks or culture may not always lead to a dismissal — but it may lead you to a simple response: “Check out our website at www.company.com/perks to learn more about our perks”. While having one or two of these questions isn't necessarily a conversation killer, a constant string of questions that can be found on a website may lead you the employer to believe you've done not research at all. If you have a question you've thought about in your head, try researching it on the company's website very quickly. If you can't find the answer, it's likely good fodder to open up for a conversation. Avoid “Yes” or “No” Questions. I can't count the number of times I've gotten the following question at a recruiting fair: “Do you like IBM?” This has to be one of the strangest questions. Full disclosure — most people who are recruiting for their company like their company. Second, when you make it too easy for someone to simply respond with a “Yes” or “No”, it ruins the momentum of the conversation. Try questions like: What is your favorite part about IBM? Why did you join IBM? What is your favorite memory from your first year at IBM? Those are all questions that can lead to open-ended responses, stories, and anecdotes that will help you learn more about the company and appreciate what makes a company worth joining. Tie in Resume Highlights to Job Relevance. It's easy for anyone to recite the finer points of their resume in an effort to maximize the short window of time they have with employers. Unfortunately, a lot of these finer points can end up appearing as a self-aggrandizing soliloquy when there is no connection with the experiences to the job at hand. While employers are looking for strong candidates, they also understand that not all experience is necessarily relevant to the roles they are recruiting for. You are completely in charge. Think about the job you're applying for and how you can add value to that specific position. Don't just recite resume experience to bloviate about your own skillset. Try this: Next time you have a resume point you want to bring to a recruiter, complement it with “I know you mentioned your company's best employees have x experience” or “I know x role at your company is specifically looking for x skillset”. You can tell them about your sweet internship at Google or your leadership position in a fraternity; adding this complement will suddenly propel the relevance of that resume point. Even a “Based on my experience, what role do you believe may be the best fit for me at IBM?” is a great question. Sometimes you don't always know which role is best for you — asking this question allows the employer to provide their two cents and also helps you gauge fit for your own purposes. Talk to Multiple Representatives. No One Person Makes All Decisions. Unlike the final boss in Super Mario game, there is no one gatekeeper for all interviews and jobs at a company. At large companies, recruiting teams often deploy multiple representatives from different parts of a division to allow students to get multiple perspectives on day-to-day work. While it's certainly helpful to talk to a recruiter, a partner, or the CEO of a company, they aren't always the only people you need to impress. In fact, your best friend may be the average employee in the corner that nobody else is talking to. They will always be asked for input on recommending good colleagues and will certainly put in a good word. If there are multiple representatives there, learn what makes them different and where you might be a better fit. Be Enthusiastic. You're nervous. Scared for your future. Tired from talking to companies on end. Mentally fried. We've all been there and it's easy for us to empathize. We are human as well. Try your hardest not to let exhaustion slip into a state that could be perceived as apathy or disinterest. Simple body language does wonder — a smile, handshake, eye contact and nods are all good ways to show employers you're genuinely interested. If you are tired or sick, clear the air first so you have the full benefit of any doubt. Include Conversation Details in Follow-Up Emails. Follow-up emails to conversations can take a minute to draft but make a world of difference; I recently got a follow-up email from a girl who attended our fair on Friday, had asked a question about our new internship program and included every detail from the internship program in her follow-up email. I was genuinely impressed. While we don't expect all students to have an eidetic memory, including details about a conversation is a good signaling asset. At best, it shows you're excited. At worst, it shows you were listening. If what you discussed is especially unique, that email will lead the employer to remember your name vividly during deliberations. Don't forget to end conversations by asking for a business card or potential contact information for follow-up information; it plants the seed for an inevitable follow-up email more than a simple Irish exit from the conversation.
While this isn't an extensive list nor is it universally applicable to every company, it's a start. Ultimately, it's good to keep in mind that recruiting is not a contest to see who can get the most interviews; it's a test to see which role will be a fit. Use the employees to your advantage, follow up appropriately, and make the most of your job search. Remember: every door closed is another one opened.
Kushaan is an IBM Consultant based out of Washington D.C. His interests are rooted in strategy consulting, entrepreneurship, social media, and the intersection of technology with social impact. He enjoys blogging about life, career insights, social technology, and hacking the corporate environment. If you liked this post, follow him on Twitter: @kushaanshah or click "Follow" at the top for more posts on Linkedin.
VANCOUVER, BC – Jay DeMerit is used to being in the spotlight.
Four years ago, he was a starter for the U.S. men's national team at the 2010 FIFA World Cup – the biggest single-event sporting competition in the world.
Prior to that, he helped lead Watford FC to the English Premier League – arguably the most popular top-flight soccer league.
At that level, the spotlight comes with the territory. It's also part and parcel of DeMerit's role as captain of Vancouver Whitecaps FC.
This week, the 'Caps centre back will be in the spotlight once again – just in a different capacity. While many of his teammates are using the week off to return home or soak in the sun at a tropical location, DeMerit is in Bristol, Connecticut, where he's working in-studio as a guest panelist with ESPN FC.
DeMerit's work with ESPN FC started on Monday (see video above) and will continue throughout the week. Once the World Cup begins on Thursday, he'll appear regularly on ESPN FC World Cup Encore.
The show, which will generally air for two hours on match days on ESPN, ESPN2, or ESPNEWS, will feature condensed versions of the best action in the day's World Cup matches with analysis from DeMerit and other ESPN FC pundits.
“Because I'm one of the few athletes available to do this type of thing who has World Cup experience, they thought it was a perfect fit to get my feet wet,” said DeMerit, adding that he's expressed interest in working in TV after his playing days are over.
“Hopefully they don't throw me in too deep right away,” he laughed, “but I'm looking forward to getting my feet wet and giving it a shot.”
Sitting on a TV panel is a “new challenge” for DeMerit, but not necessarily a foreign one altogether. He has analyzed games before on the radio or via satellite on TV, and of course, he stands in front of the cameras almost every day answering questions from the media.
“It does take getting used to but it's something that I've grown accustomed to,” he said. “For me, it's not hard to sit in front of any camera and talk about what I do or share my experiences. And I know that that's what this show is about. Hopefully it will be a natural fit. I'm sure it will present its challenges like anything else but I'm looking forward to it.”
Although DeMerit has never held an analyst position, he learned a thing or two from his Vancouver-born wife Ashleigh McIvor. The 2010 Olympic gold medalist worked for CBC as a skicross analyst during the recent 2014 Olympic Games in Sochi.
“She was great in her preparation,” said DeMerit, who picked host Brazil to win the World Cup. “I have to start doing a little bit more research, just to keep myself up with the teams and the players so I can actually bring something to the table as far as my analysis goes. I think that's the last part of the learning curve for me.”
DeMerit was a quick learner at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, when he started all four matches and helped the U.S. win their group for the first time since 1930. And although he'd rather be out on the field in the thick of the battle again this year, he knows that “talking shop” with ESPN isn't a bad alternative.
“The World Cup is such as special occasion, especially in North America where it's the one time every four years where people really zone in on our sport,” he said. “To be on the other end of it at one point and now to be on the analysis side of it, it's something special. I understand that it's a great opportunity for me to promote this game that we all love. If having me talk about my experiences can help somebody gain a little bit more interest, then I'm doing my job.”
It's not too late to participate in the best sporting experience in Vancouver. Whitecaps FC offer a flexible range of ticket products, including prorated season tickets ($220), 5-packs ($149), student season tickets, and a youth soccer half-season ticket. Single-match tickets start at $22, subject to applicable fees. For more information on all Whitecaps FC ticket options, call 604.669.9283 ext. 2 or visit whitecapsfc.com/tickets.
Hundreds of floral tributes have been left in Sydney's Martin Place for the victims of a 16-hour siege which ended when police stormed the Lindt Chocolate Cafe early this morning.
"It is almost as if a beating heart of the city is being put in place. It is showing us that this city is alive," Premier Mike Baird said after laying some flowers.
Barrister and mother of three Katrina Dawson, 38, and Lindt cafe manager Tori Johnson, 34, were killed in the siege, along with 50-year-old gunman Man Haron Monis.
"Our hearts go out to the families of Katrina Dawson and Tori Johnson. These were decent, good people, who were going about their ordinary lives," Prime Minister Tony Abbott said.
Look back at how events unfolded on our blog.
Egypt's military regime tightens noose on country's media freedoms
Updated
In Egypt, the government's war on the media has entered a new level of intensity.
Key points: Egypt's Journalists Syndicate raided for first time in its 75-year history
Calls for a relaxation of media restrictions and the sacking of the Interior Minister
Peter Greste's Al Jazeera case remains a cautionary tale for journalists
Late last month, at protests against President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's decision to hand sovereignty of two islands in the Red Sea to Saudi Arabia, up to 47 journalists were detained.
Hundreds of protesters were also held but most of those arrested — including the journalists — have since been released.
Sherif Mansour from the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) believes the arrests were an attempt by the government to stymie coverage of the protests to block the broader population seeing the growing opposition to the Sisi regime.
Last year the New York-based CPJ ranked Egypt as the second biggest jailer of journalists, with 23 in prison in 2015 — only China was ahead of it.
No journalist covering politics in the country today can begin writing without having [the Al Jazeera case] in the back of their minds. Australian journalist Peter Greste
Earlier this month, two Egyptian journalists held a sit-in at Cairo's Journalists Syndicate building to protest against an investigation aimed at prosecuting them for articles critical of the Saudi islands deal — about 50 members of the security forces raided the building to arrest them.
The journalists, Amr Badr, who founded the Yanair news portal and Mahmoud El-Sakka, who is employed there, are still in jail — the pair have been charged with inciting protest and creating chaos.
The situation quickly escalated the following day when the head of the Syndicate of Journalists, Yahia Qalash, called for the sacking of Interior Minister Magdy Abdel-Ghaffer, who he said was responsible for the raid.
It was the first time the syndicate had been raided in its 75-year history.
Egyptian journalists, media fight back
Many of Egypt's major newspapers, including the Al-Ahram state media daily which is avowedly pro-government, also called for the sacking of the Interior Minister.
Subsequently, the syndicate held an emergency general assembly and demonstration attended by 2,000 journalists.
It is about freedom and to demand clear laws that govern the way that the state deals with journalists. Senior Egyptian journalist Khaled El-Balshy
They sent a list of demands to the government and threatened a strike if they were not met.
The demands included sacking the Interior Minister, freeing jailed journalists, and new protections for the media.
Senior Egyptian journalist and head of the freedom committee at the syndicate, Khaled El-Balshy, said the general assembly took a stand against the escalating assaults on the fourth estate.
"But it is also about freedom in general and to demand clear laws that govern the way that the state deals with journalists," Mr El-Balshy told the ABC.
Some media workers were harassed and beaten-up by pro-Sisi operatives as they attempted to enter the syndicate precinct for the assembly.
Witnesses told the ABC the president's supporters were chanting slogans such as "fags, thugs and bitches" and "butcher them, Sisi."
Al Jazeera case lives 'in the back of minds': Greste
In late December 2013, three Al Jazeera journalists, including Australian Peter Greste, Egyptian Baher Mohamed and dual Canadian-Egyptian citizen Mohamed Fahmy, were arrested, tried and jailed.
The three were convicted on terrorism-related charges and sentenced to between seven and nine years in jail.
They were all finally released in 2015 after more than a year in prison.
Mr Fahmy had to renounce his Egyptian citizenship to be freed from jail and was subsequently deported.
We have seen an unprecedented number of journalists put in jail in Egypt in 2015 and since then it has only escalated. Sherif Mansour from the Committee to Protect Journalists
Peter Greste said despite the uncertainty over what drove the case, it has had a chilling effect on press freedom in Egypt.
"No journalist covering politics in the country today can begin writing without having our case in the back of their minds," Mr Greste said.
Again in 2013, Egyptian photographer Mohamed Abou-Zeid, known as Shawkan, was arrested while covering the security forces' violent dispersal of a pro-Muslim Brotherhood sit-in against the military coup that ousted former president Mohamed Morsi.
Shawkan has now spent over 1,000 days in detention without trial, far exceeding the maximum 2 years allowed under Egyptian law.
Protesting has been illegal in Egypt since 2013, unless there's prior permission from the Interior Ministry and heavy jail sentences have been handed down for violations.
Mr Mansour said the CPJ's analysis concluded the media workers who have been arrested or harassed in Egypt have done nothing more, than doing their jobs.
"We have seen an unprecedented number of journalists put in jail in Egypt in 2015 and since then it has only escalated," he said.
Topics: journalism, police, government-and-politics, censorship, activism-and-lobbying, egypt
First posted
Vice President Mike Pence made an unannounced trip to Afghanistan on Thursday to visit U.S. troops and to hold a key meeting in Kabul to urge Afghanistan's leaders to move forward with long delayed elections. The trip was cloaked in secrecy with reporters traveling with the vice president in a media blackout until the conclusion of his visit.
After landing at Bagram airfield around 7.15 p.m. local time, Pence traveled via Chinook helicopter to the presidential palace. Poor visibility and security concerns nearly prevented the vice president from landing inside the presidential compound. White House officials said that Pence was determined to wait it out so that he could visit jointly with President Ashraf Ghani and chief executive Abdullah Abdullah who have a shaky alliance in a power-sharing government.
Pence said his presence was tangible evidence of U.S. commitment to Afghanistan. He later met with the pilots who flew him into the palace and acknowledged that it had been a difficult arrival.
Following his meeting, which was less than an hour, Pence returned to Bagram Airfield to speak to U.S. troops and to receive a briefing from Gen. John Nicholson, the commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, and U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan John Bass.
In remarks to U.S. troops, Pence said that his message was that America is in Afghanistan to stay.
Pence is the highest-ranking Trump administration official to visit the country since President Trump announced nearly four months ago that he would intensify a U.S. military effort to help break a stalemate with the Taliban. Since that time, around 3,400 additional U.S. troops have been deployed here bringing the total to more than 14,000 U.S. troops on the ground.
American presidents often visit troops deployed abroad during the holidays. White House officials said that the decision to send Pence rather than Mr. Trump was made in part because of the vice president's close relationship with Ghani. In an exclusive interview with CBS News he said he speaks once a month to Ghani.
Pence also led the interagency process that presented Mr. Trump with options.
Pence made the long flight from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland to the Bagram air base on board a C-17 military transport aircraft, rather the traditional Boeing plane.
Vue.js and ASP.NET MVC
Cristi Jora Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 12, 2017
Nowadays, there are a lot of options to chose from when implementing a new web application: React, Angular, Vue, Polymer and the list can go on and on. These frameworks play very nicely with REST services or web applications as Single Page apps. This is all great, but many web applications are still built on top of MVC architectures which makes it kind of hard to integrate some of the JavaScript frameworks menioned above.
Vue.js positions itself as “The Progressive JavaScript Framework” which means that you can pretty much start using it as jQuery like in the example below:
This is a very good starting point, but as we all now, apps grow in size very fast and managing scripts inside Views tends to get messy, not testable and very hard to read. Above that, it would be kind of nice to use NPM and some sweet ES6 features.
There are a couple of articles, such as this one on how to integrate Vue.js in .NET MVC projects in such a way so you can use NPM, but the setup is kind of complicated. The setup from the article above uses gulp, browserify and has some limitations such as supporting only require syntax for handling assets.
We will try to bring together a pretty basic webpack setup and see how we can integrate it inside our MVC app. Webpack is the most popular module bundler these days and there are a lot of cool things you can do with it!
Project setup
We will start with a clean MVC project, without any css or javascript files like so:
You can also find the sources inside this Github repo. When running it, we shall see 2 text messages like so:
Let's add a package.json and a webpack.config.js and then run npm install inside the directory where package.json is located.
It might seem that the webpack.config is quite a long file and it's probably hard to understand, but don't worry. It actually does a lot for it's size. Let's go through the most important parts of it so we can understand what part does what.
Webpack configuration explanation
We will start with the first function
This function aims to generate a set of entries for webpack so webpack can process them. It basically loops through folders inside Scripts/app and tries to add every index.js file that it finds there. Let's see how that folder looks actually
Now, every folder inside our app folder which contains an index.js can be processed by webpack.
We will jump to the next section of our config which is the output section
We specified here that, upon build we want each entry to be copied inside Scripts/bundle folder with the exact name of the entry. This means that if we have a home folder, it will provide a home.js output inside the bundle folder.
Let's run npm run build to actually see the result. You should see a similar result to the one bellow.
So based, on the 2 folders we have inside app , webpack generated us 2 javascript files which are compressed and minified.
We will skip the next section which references some loaders. We, reference 4 loaders (vue, scss, css and js) so we can use .vue (single file components) as well as javascript and css imports. You can read more about loaders here.
We have 2 more sections to cover, and the next one is the most magical thing which you might not get at first.
Webpack uses webpack-dev-server for development which is basically a node.js based server which serves assets (javascript, css etc) that our browsers can interpret. Usually these assets include some development friendly features like Hot Reload. These assets are not minified and are quite different from the ones generated when building for production.
If you run npm run dev inside the folder where package.json is located, you should see an output simillar to this one:
Don't worry about the big warnings. These files are used in development mode only and their size doesn't really matter for now.
If you go to http://localhost:8086/Scripts/bundle/home.js , you should receive a javascript file. Getting back to our dev server proxy,
webpack-dev-server has a feature which can proxy requests from one url to another. In this case, every request from http://localhost:5001 will be proxied to our http://localhost:8086 . So, if we run our MVC app on http://localhost:5001 and run npm run dev , on port 8086 we should see the same output as from our MVC app.
Let's actually try that:
Now, make sure the url we have specified in our proxy config, is the exact url your MVC web application is running on in order to make this work. You might ask yourself “Why do I need that?”. Well the answer is that if we want to reference scripts easily inside Views and also have Hot Reloaded which means that whenever you change some css or js files your changes will be automatically pushed to your page without the need to REFRESH it!
Time to go through our last webpack config part which is the following one:
This part minifies and optimizes our javascript bundles as well as replaces vue with a production version of it (basically vue.min ) through NODE_ENV: '"production"'
Time to CODE!
Let's start by adding our HomeController
And then the View for it
We will display 2 messages inside the view. One which is sent from the controller and one rendered with Vue We reference the script to be pointing at the bundle folder, which, if you remember is specified in our webpack config:
path: path.resolve(__dirname, './Scripts/bundle/'),
publicPath: '/Scripts/bundle/',
This means that our assets will be served by webpack-dev-server to this path Scripts/bundle in development and will be copied to the same path while building assets for production.
Let's add our javascript file inside Scripts/app/home/index.js
If you go to http://localhost:8086 , you should see something simillar now:
Try to change the message inside our javascript file and see some auto-reload magic on your page. Let's add a Vue component. I called it FirstComponent.vue
We can now import it inside our index.js file and use it inside our View.
The Home View should look like this now
And the output would be something like this:
That's pretty much it! We have now supported for .vue components, hot-reload and ES6 support with a single webpack config!
Bonus: Bootstrap + Sweet-Modal
As a bonus, we will add bootstrap and Sweet Modal vue component. Let's get started by
npm install --save bootstrap sweet-modal-vue
Next, we will create a new folder inside our app named layout together with an index.js file where we will import bootstrap like so
import 'bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.css'
And then add the new script to our _Layout.cshtml like so
@Scripts.Render("~/Scripts/bundle/layout.js")
Make sure you restart webpack npm run dev , whenever you add new folders with index.js files.
We will modify our home/index.js file to use SweetModal
And then adjust our View a little bit
The output should be something simillar to the image bellow, upon clicking the button
Conclusion
We ended up using Vue.js combined with server data and all the neat features such as Single File Components , ES6 features, Hot-Reload, asset minification, sass support and NPM.
Note that this configuration is not limited to .NET MVC. You can use a similar setup in any other MVC project such as PHP Laravel, Ruby on Rails and so on. Hope you found this useful and will have more confidence when thinking about Vue and MVC projects !
Image caption Becky was murdered when she was 16
The father of murdered schoolgirl Becky Watts has said if the death sentence was available for her killers he "would pull the lever himself".
Darren Galsworthy told BBC Newsnight he felt deceived and shocked by his step-son Nathan Matthews, who was convicted of Becky's murder.
Matthews's girlfriend Shauna Hoare was found guilty of manslaughter.
Mr Galsworthy said the pair had destroyed his family and "justice has not been done".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Darren Galsworthy, the father of murdered schoolgirl Becky Watts, has said if the death sentence was available for her killers he "would pull the lever himself"
Image copyright BBC and Darren Galsworthy Image caption In an interview with Newsnight Darren Galsworthy said he would "never get over" the murder of his daughter
Becky went missing from her home in the St George area of Bristol on 19 February 2015.
Matthews claimed she died during a botched kidnap attempt. Hoare, who was pregnant at the time, was at the address.
"I don't believe that for a minute, he had every intention of killing her," said Mr Galsworthy. "They were planning something much more heinous for her... they had things to torture her in the car."
Image copyright PA Image caption Becky's body was dismembered at the home of Nathan Matthews and Shauna Hoare
Becky's dismembered body was discovered hidden in a shed on 3 March 2015.
Mr Galsworthy said that when he saw Becky in the mortuary it was "obvious that she had fought for her life".
"I don't think I've had justice. If they were going to hang him I would pull the lever so nobody else would have that guilt," said Mr Galsworthy.
"This past year has mostly been nightmares or night terrors actually.
"I feel so helpless. The recurring dream is I'm seeing what's happened from a sort of third person standpoint. I'm watching it but they can't see me. There's nothing I can do to help her."
Image caption Nathan Matthews (far left) was the best man at the wedding of Darren and Anjie Galsworthy (middle). Becky Watts (far right) and Shauna Hoare (second right) were bridesmaids
Last November a jury at Bristol Crown Court took less than four hours to convict the pair of Becky's killing.
Matthews was given a life sentence and told he would serve at least 33 years. Hoare was jailed for 17 years.
They are appealing against their convictions and sentences.
The emotionally charged row over allegations of sexual assault by Donald Trump further descended on Saturday as he claimed a media conspiracy and at least one of his alleged victims said she now fears for her safety.
Mr Trump continued his belligerence in the face of the accusations and his supporters followed his cue, chanting “lock her up” at a rally in North Carolina as the Republican nominee disparaged Natasha Stoynoff, a former People Magazine reporter who claims he pushed her up against a wall and forcibly kissed her in 2005.
One of his accusers even said she plans to leave the country out of fears that she and her family are in danger. Mindy McGillvray said she has faced intimidation from Trump's followers since alleging that the billionaire groped her in 2003 during at an event at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida.
At least nine women have accused Mr Trump of unwanted sexual advances since a tape from 2005 emerged a week ago in which he described forcing himself on women saying, “when you're a star they let you do it”.
The answers to the human past are out there, hidden in the DNA of bones in ancient burial mounds and unmarked graves.
Increasingly, those answers are coming to light as geneticists at Harvard and elsewhere employ sophisticated methods to extract that DNA and make it readable despite the ravages of time.
On Tuesday, geneticists from Harvard Medical School (HMS) and the Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT highlighted those evolving techniques and talked about recent findings that revealed that a previously unknown group made a major contribution to the gene pool of modern Europeans and Native Americans. They also discussed the result of preliminary investigations that suggest that an ancient civilization located between the Black and Caspian seas may have created a major group of modern languages, spanning English, German, Russian, Urdu, Punjabi, and Hindi.
Michael McCormick, the Francis Goelet Professor of Medieval History, said the new techniques are opening “an extraordinary window on the human past” and make a powerful partner to traditional historical and archaeological techniques in understanding humanity's hidden history.
“You and I have the extraordinary privilege of living in a time of revolutionary discovery … that extends advances of technology in the life sciences that are transforming the world today to … disciplines that are transforming our understanding of the human past, dissolving the timeworn barriers between history and prehistory, between science and the humanities,” McCormick said. “Human genetics are another extraordinary window on a vanished world of migrations and matings that take you back literally to the dawn of human time.”
McCormick introduced a talk at the Harvard-Yenching Library by Harvard Medical School genetics Professor David Reich, an associate at the Broad Institute, and Nick Patterson, the senior computational biologist at the Broad and visiting scientist and a research fellow in genetics at HMS and the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health.
The lecture, “What's New in Genomic Archaeology? The Peopling of Europe from Ancient and Modern DNA,” was sponsored by the Initiative for the Science of the Human Past at Harvard, whose steering committee McCormick chairs.
Reich highlighted recent research indicating that ancient European history was more complex than previously had been thought. Researchers had believed that Middle Eastern farmers pushed into Europe 8,500 years ago, after the advent of agriculture, displacing and blending with hunter-gatherer populations there over several thousand years.
First, Reich said, the genetic data clarifies that people migrated into the region, bringing farming with them, rather than agricultural practices spreading alone as they were learned, adopted, and passed along by different societies coming into contact with the cultures practicing them.
As expected, the genetic data showed that modern Europeans hold a mix of genes from Middle Eastern farmers and the European hunter-gatherers who preceded them into Europe. But it also shows that modern Europeans have genetic contributions from a third group, originating in ancient north Eurasia, that was unknown before research from Reich and collaborators was published in September. It appears that this group eventually spread not just into Europe, but also to North America, since their genes are represented in Native Americans.
That ancient north Eurasian population was apparently replaced in the lands between, however, because there's no trace of their DNA in modern Siberians.
Patterson discussed early work that investigated the rise of one of the world's predominant language groups: Indo-European. Hundreds of languages belong to the family today, including some of the most widely spoken, such as English, Spanish, Russian, and Hindi.
Patterson said that linguistic evidence has tracked the ancestral language, called “late proto-Indo-European” to about 3,500 years ago in the Caucasus, among a people who had wheeled vehicles at a time when they were just being put into use.
Genetic evidence ruled out one likely related group in the region, the Yamnaya, because their DNA showed the group had hunter-gatherer ancestry, which is inconsistent with the fact that two Indo-European groups, Armenians and Indians, don't share it, Patterson said. That made Patterson look south, to the Maikop civilization, which likely had significant contact with the Yamnaya, as a plausible culture where Indo-European languages originated. Samples have been obtained from Maikop burial sites, but the DNA work to test that proposal is pending, Patterson said.
Such testing is dependent on sophisticated techniques, Reich said. When DNA can be extracted from bones found at burial sites, most of it actually is microbial DNA from the organisms that have colonized the bones since its owners' death. In addition, researchers have to be careful that samples aren't contaminated by handling after they are unearthed.
Reich's lab uses a technique that targets 390,000 sites of variation on the human genome, extracts them from background DNA, and allows them to generate genome-wide data.
“A lot of it is microbial. Typically only 1 percent comes from the individual whose bone it was,” Reich said.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump responded to Vice President Joe Biden, who said he would take Trump "behind the gym." (The Washington Post)
TALLAHASSEE — Donald Trump responded Tuesday to Vice President Biden's remark that he would like to “take him behind the gym” if they were in high school, saying he would welcome such a confrontation.
“He wants to bring me to the back of the barn. Ohhhhhh,” Trump said with mock fear, botching Biden's quote. “Some things in life you can really love doing.”
At a recent campaign stop for Hillary Clinton, Biden strongly criticized Trump's recently revealed remarks on a 2005 hot microphone, in which he bragged about forcing himself on women sexually.
“What he said he did and does is a textbook definition of sexual assault,” Biden said.
The vice president said reporters routinely ask him whether he wishes he had the chance to debate Trump.
“No, I wish we were in high school. I could take him behind the gym. That's what I wish,” Biden said.
While speaking at a campaign rally in Wilkes-Barre, Pa. in 2016, Vice President Joe Biden came down hard on Republican candidate Donald Trump for his boasts about grabbing women. (The Washington Post)
Trump, speaking at a rally here, said: “I'd love that.” He called Biden “Mr. Tough Guy.”
“You know when he's Mr. Tough Guy? When he's standing behind a microphone by himself,” Trump said.
At his rally, Trump also followed up on muddled comments he made earlier in the day about the Affordable Care Act. Trump said a “small number” of employees at his Trump National Doral resort near Miami receive health insurance through the health-care reform law, also known as Obamacare.
“They are having tremendous difficulty,” Trump said, as he blasted the law.
Earlier in the day, Trump Doral general manager David Feder told reporters that “over 95 percent” of the resort's employees receive health-care coverage through the company and that “very, very few” of them rely on plans offered through the federal health-care law.
- iReport: Whole family attends Beck rally
- Are you at the rally? Share your images
Washington (CNN) -- In what resembled more a revival than a political rally, conservative talk show host Glenn Beck urged the large crowds at his "Restoring Honor" event Saturday to "turn back to God" and return America to the values on which it was founded.
"Something beyond imagination is happening," he told participants who packed the National Mall in Washington. "America today begins to turn back to God. For too long, this country has wandered in darkness."
The rally drew fire for its timing and location.
People filled the park by the Lincoln Memorial's reflecting pool, in the shadows and echoes of the most pivotal civil rights address in America's history -- the Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s famous "I Have a Dream" speech, which he delivered there 47 years ago.
Some of those who marched with King said Beck had usurped the day for his own political gain. The Rev. Jesse Jackson told CNN that Beck was mimicking King and "humiliating the tradition."
Other civil rights activists gathered nearby with the Rev. Al Sharpton and his National Action Network in a "Reclaim the Dream" rally. Participants marched from a high school in northwest Washington, D.C., to the site of the future Martin Luther King, Jr. National Memorial, just a few blocks from the Lincoln Memorial.
Beck said the site of his rally was appropriate to reflect on the legacy of King, "the man who stood down on those stairs and gave his life for everyone's right to have a dream."
A hero to many conservative voters across the country, Beck said his rally was nonpolitical and its mission was to honor American troops.
He struck a spiritual tone throughout the day, saying his role was to wake America up to the backsliding of principles, values and most importantly, faith. Earlier, he said "God dropped a giant sandbag on his head" to push him to organize the event.
"Look forward. Look West. Look to the heavens. Look to God and make your choice," he said. "Do we no longer believe in the power of the individual? Do we no longer believe in dreams?"
Beck, keenly aware of his critics, opened the rally shortly after 10 a.m. with the national anthem and immediately drew attention to the large crowd that stretched for six city blocks from the Lincoln Memorial along the parks surrounding the reflecting pool.
"I have just gotten word from the media that there are over 1,000 people here today," Beck said sarcastically.
"We are humbled that you are here," he said. "The reflecting pool holds about 200,000 people. This field back here holds about 250- to 300,000 people. They are not only full here, they're full in that field, they're full behind me, and they are now across the street approaching the Washington Monument."
Tea Party activists from across the country attended the event.
Speakers included former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin, a Fox News contributor, who said she came to speak not about politics but as "something more" -- as the mother of a soldier. She said America's men and women in uniform exemplified the virtues and values of America.
"Say what you want to say about me, but I raised a combat vet and you can't take that away from me," she said to a crowd that broke out in chants of "U.S.A! U.S.A!"
She also noted the anniversary of the famous civil rights speech, saying, "We feel the spirit of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr."
"We are so honored to stand here today," Palin added.
Rally organizers said Saturday's event was not political and asked participants not to carry signs, unlike past Tea Party demonstrations. The atmosphere Saturday was almost festival-like and participants were careful to say: "We're not angry."
Sue Maliszewski of Phoenix, New York, described herself as not conservative but someone who feels that her beliefs are no longer reflected in government.
"I believe that we are dysfunctional as a country," she said.
"I believe it's hopeless unless we get back to our roots," Maliszewski added. "And that means our faith, and it means, reorganize our time. We have been so busy earning a living and raising our children that we have let different small groups overpower our opinions. And we're here to ... reclaim what's wonderful about this country."
Beck had been heavily promoting the event on his Fox News Channel program and on his radio broadcasts. He said that the timing of the rally wasn't intentional.
"It was not my intention to select 8-28 because of the Martin Luther King tie. It is the day he made that speech. I had no idea until I announced it," he said on his radio show in June, soon after the announcement of the rally.
"Whites don't own Abraham Lincoln. Blacks don't own Martin Luther King. Those are American icons, American ideas, and we should just talk about character, and that's really what this event is about. It's about honoring character," Beck said.
Alveda King, a niece of the late civil rights leader, also participated in the "Restoring Honor" rally, saying that her uncle would have approved of the event.
"If Uncle Martin could be here today, he would sure commend us of giving honor where honor is due," she told a large, cheering crowd.
King said earlier she's been accused of hijacking "the dream," but on CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360" on Friday night, she said "the dream" is in her genes.
"I don't have to reclaim the civil rights movement, I'm part of the civil rights movement," she said, noting her family's home and her father's church were bombed when she was younger. While the NAACP put out a cautious statement regarding the rally, there has been plenty of criticism of the event.
Lenny McAllister, an African American Republican, was asked by the Tea Party to speak at Saturday's rally but declined. He said the rally was disrespectful to the Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr.
"I cannot sit on stage and co-sign on this irresponsibility," he said. "I made sure I wore my elephant pin today. I am a proud Republican but I am also a proud African American man."
But Lloyd Marcus, another black Republican, said he supported Beck's efforts.
"Go Beck," he said. "This is a fantastic rally and the people there don't give a hoot about race."
CNN's Paul Steinhauser, Kate Bolduan and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report.
This probably wasn't the warm welcome Mitt Romney was hoping for.
At a boisterous pre-Olympics rally on Thursday, London's mayor, Boris Johnson, ridiculed the presumptive Republican presidential nominee for his remarks questioning the city's readiness for the games.
"People are coming from around the world and they're seeing us," Johnson told the estimated 60,000-person crowd, who had gathered to mark the end of the Olympic Torch relay. "They are seeing the greatest city in the world!"
He then turned his comments to Romney.
"There are some people who are coming from around the world who don't yet know about all the preprations we've done to get London ready in the last seven years," he said. "I heard there's a guy called Mitt Romney who wants to know whether we're ready. Are we ready? Yes we are!"
To top it off, Johnson finished his appearance by leading the crowd in a chant of 'Yes We Can,' President Barack Obama's famous campaign slogan from 2008.
"Can we put on the greatest Olympics games that have ever been held?" he asked. "Can we beat France? Yes we can! Can we beat Australia? Yes we can!"
Romney ran the 2002 Olympic games in Salt Lake City, an accomplishment he heralds frequently on the campaign trail. He said on Wednesday there were "disconcerting" signs in the lead-up to this year's Olympics. "The stories about the private security firm not having enough people, the supposed strike of the immigration and customs officials -- that obviously is not something which is encouraging," he told NBC News.
645X363 - Full Sharing - Additional videos are suggested upon completion
It may be time for Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE to take the challenge from Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' More seriously.
Sanders is surging in the race for the party's presidential nomination.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Vermont Independent has drawn huge crowds of supporters in Iowa and New Hampshire, and pulled within striking distance of Clinton in some Granite State polls.
“This is not a protest campaign,” Sanders declared at a breakfast with reporters in Washington last week. “This is a campaign to win.”
He's also a powerful presence on social media, where supporters are eager to share news about his campaign.
While Clinton remains the runaway favorite, the strength of Sanders's challenge — particularly in the states hosting the first two nominating contests — is starting to get attention.
“Primary voters in New Hampshire are looking around,” said Democratic strategist Brad Bannon. “They at least want to shop around a little bit before buying. Based on that alone, it's probably time for the Clinton campaign to take Sanders seriously.”
One of the problems that the Sanders surge poses for Clinton is that Democrats say there's a risk in taking him head on.
Doing so could rally his supporters, alienate liberals the Democratic nominee will need in the fall of 2016 and elevate Sanders as a challenger.
“They're not going to go after him publicly, and it'd be wrong to do so,” said Democratic strategist Hank Sheinkopf, who worked on then-President Clinton's 1996 reelection bid. “She needs to keep slogging along and make the kinds of policy arguments that will eventually make some of the uniqueness around Sanders dissipate.”
Meanwhile, Sanders has begun sharpening his attacks against Clinton — and she has started to move toward Sanders on at least one issue.
Clinton on Thursday said she would vote against giving President Obama fast-track authority, which would make it easier for the White House to negotiate trade deals. That came after weeks in which Sanders bashed Obama's former secretary of State for not taking a clear position.
Democrats close to Clinton aren't sounding the alarm over Sanders just yet. They believe he has a low ceiling of support that doesn't extend beyond the anti-establishment contingent.
“Everything can change, but as I see it today, he doesn't look to me to pose a material threat,” said Democratic strategist Chris Lehane, a veteran of the Clinton White House. “I don't think he has the capacity to unite the different factions of the party beyond those who are naturally inclined to go against the establishment.”
Sanders is uniquely positioned to do well in Iowa and New Hampshire.
In the 2008 contest, Clinton finished third to then-Sen. Barack Obama (D-Ill.) and former Sen. John Edwards (D-N.C.). While she has sought to make a play for the state in this cycle, the 2008 showing suggests a vulnerability.
In New Hampshire, Sanders has an advantage in being from Vermont.
A Suffolk University survey released this week found Sanders had closed to within 10 percentage points of Clinton in the first-in-the-nation primary state.
“He has to bet the farm there,” said Bannon. “A victory in New Hampshire would scare the hell out of the Clinton people.”
Democrats say the Suffolk poll will have the Clinton campaign on notice and strategizing about how to deal with and contain an early defeat.
“It's quite possible he's going to win a primary some place and will have the momentum,” said Sheinkopf. “He may do well in Iowa or New Hampshire. The question is, how do you deal with that? They need to be prepared to organize and surround him on the ground and prepare a response without just going out and attacking him.”
Lehane argued that New Hampshire looks like an outlier.
“After New Hampshire, the nature of the electorate and the dynamics change dramatically,” he said.
Indeed, Sanders will need to expand his base beyond the mostly young and male supporters he's managed to energize so far.
Sanders and Clinton are essentially tied among men in New Hampshire, according to the Suffolk University poll, but Clinton holds a 19-percentage-point lead among women. Clinton also has a nearly 2-to-1 advantage among seniors in the state, who are more likely to vote in a Democratic primary.
And in the long run, the deck is stacked against Sanders.
The Vermont senator has been able to raise money. His campaign brought in $1.5 million in the first 24 hours of its launch, a total surpassing the amounts raised by GOP Sens. Rand Paul (Ky.), Marco Rubio (Fla.) and Ted Cruz (Texas), who are all running for president.
He's said he received 200,000 small dollar donations since announcing, with the amounts averaging $40.
Still, he won't have the cash that the Clinton juggernaut will have.
And Sanders does not have Clinton's name recognition. According to the RealClearPolitics average of polls, she leads Sanders by 47 percentage points.
“Democrats want to win, and she's the more electable of the two,” said Sheinkopf. “The electability argument will kick in, and his supporters on the left will tire.”
Still, Democrats are looking at Sanders in a different way.
“He's a long shot, but he has a chance,” said Bannon. “It's not a good chance, but it's a chance.”
A new National Park Service (NPS) report shows that the 7,250,656 visitors to national parks in Wyoming in 2015 spent $890.2 million in the state.
That spending supported 12,751 jobs and had a cumulative benefit to the state economy of $1.1 billion. It also represents a 15.1 percent jump in spending and a 13.5 percent surge in visitation over 2014.
“From Grand Teton National Park to Fort Laramie National Historic Site, the national parks of Wyoming draw more than 7.2 million visitors a year from home and abroad,” said Sue Masica, director of the NPS Intermountain Region, which includes Wyoming and seven other states.
“Whether they are crossing America on a family vacation, visiting on a school trip or just out for the afternoon, our park visitors come for a great experience — and they spend a little money along the way. This annual report confirms again that national park tourism is a significant driver in the national economy, returning $10 for every $1 America invests in the National Park Service. As we celebrate the NPS centennial this year, that financial reality makes national parks tourism a significant factor in Wyoming's economy, too. It's a result we all can support.”
Total spending by visitors to Wyoming's six national parks ranked sixth highest among all states. Wyoming's parks include: Yellowstone and Grand Teton national parks; Devils Tower and Fossil Butte national monuments; John D. Rockefeller Jr. Memorial Parkway, and Fort Laramie National Historic Site.
The peer-reviewed visitor spending analysis was conducted by U.S. Geological Survey economist Catherine Cullinane Thomas and NPS economist Lynne Koontz.
Nationally, the report shows that a record 307.2 million park visitors directly spent $16.9 billion in communities within 60 miles of a national park. This spending supported 295,000 jobs. The cumulative benefit to the U.S. economy was $32 billion.
According to the 2015 analysis, most park visitor spending was for lodging (31.1 percent). Other major categories include food and beverages (27.2 percent), gas and oil (11.8 percent), admissions and fees (10.2 percent) and souvenirs and other expenses (9.8 percent).
To read or download the report, visit http://www.nature.nps.gov/socialscience/vse.cfm. The page includes a clickable, interactive tool that allows instant access to handy report data and graphics for every state and NPS park site.
A vote to leave the EU would lead to fewer jobs, lower wages and weakened security, and is not the answer to rising migration figures, two former Labour home secretaries have said today.
Both Jacqui Smith and David Blunkett spoke out over the latest immigration figures – which show the second highest net migration ever – as they hit the campaign trail for a Remain vote in next month's referendum.
Each pointed out that voters have genuine concerns about immigration, but that EU membership brings a boost to the UK economy, as well as providing opt-out mechanisms to give Britain a say in how the EU is run.
“People rightly have concerns about immigration but wrecking our economy and destroying jobs is not the answer,” Smith said, following the publication of the statistics this morning. “The answer to immigration is not to get rid of our privileged access to the world's biggest market, which all the economic experts agree would be so damaging for our economy.”
In data that many will see as a blow to the In campaign, net migration grew to 333,000 in 2015, including a record 184,000 EU citizens. But Smith says that the quarter of a million EU immigrants works in public services, and that Brexit would “trash” the economy.
“The latest figures show over 250,000 EU nationals work in our public services, so let's not throw the baby out with the bathwater – we can have a fair immigration system, where those who work hard and pay their taxes are welcome, without trashing our economy,” she said.
Smith, who was the first female Home Secretary when appointed by Gordon Brown in 2007, added: “Vote Leave need to come clean. Leaving Europe would mean fewer jobs, less investment, lower wages, and higher prices hurting British families.”
Lord Blunkett made a speech on the campaign trail for Labour In this morning, where he said that voters have a “genuine fear” of the effects of “rapid and large scale immigration” – but that the issue needed to be dealt with rationally rather than “wished away”.
The Blair-era Home Secretary argued that only through collaboration with other countries can the UK get a hold on manageable immigration levels, as well helping with counter-terrorism, and improve the nation's security.
Blunkett said: “It is in no way to dismiss the genuine fear that many people have in this country about too rapid and large scale immigration, to indicate that working together to tackle the causes, to reduce the flow and to manage what is inevitable, must be the only rational way of proceeding in a world which cannot be wished away, and where global events have to be dealt with on a global scale.”
He added: “Whether on countering terror and improving our security, or rational policies to reduce unmanageable immigration inside or from outside the European Union, we are able to use appropriate opt-out mechanisms when it is right for Britain to do so. This places us in a highly favourable situation in terms of cooperation and collaboration when needed, and separate national policies when required. “
Fredericton city workers are busy installing exercise equipment at a new recreation site near the walking trail on University Avenue that is being designed for adults.
This playground will be different from many in the capital city and will include parallel bars, climbing ladders and balance beams intended for adults and not chlidren.
Coun. Kate Rogers, who represents the ward where the adult fitness site is being located, said the hope is people will use the equipment while they are out running or cycling on the walking trail.
"The idea is that people can be using the trail and doing more aerobic activity and then stop to do some resistance training, which we know now is an important component of our exercise," she said.
Rogers said these outdoor fitness sites are common in the United States, Europe and in some other parts of Canada.
The city is paying $23,000 to purchase the equipment and have it installed.
The adult fitness is located at a popular section of the trail network near University Avenue.
Rogers said many Fredericton residents requested the city invest in the outdoor equipment. The councillor said it fits into the city's goal of getting more people onto the trail network.
"It is to give a little versatility to our trail," she said.
"The city invests a lot in our trail system and we want to make it as user friendly and as versatile as possible to encourage people to lead healthy lifestyles."
She said this adult fitness site is intended to be a test and if it is as popular as expected another could be added in the city.
TTC head Andy Byford says he is “not happy” after learning fare-paying riders were taken off two buses so they could be dispatched to pick up high school football players coached by Mayor Rob Ford. In an email to transit commissioners Saturday, the CEO said he planned to follow up with Toronto police and the mayor's office about the incident. “For the record: I had no idea that two buses were used nor that customers were inconvenienced,” Byford wrote. The email was a response to one from Maria Augimeri, councillor for Ward 9 York Centre, who said she plans to put forward a motion at the next transit commission meeting to “strengthen and clarify” the TTC's existing policy on how they respond to police and fire requests for shelter buses. “I think that the chief executive office of the TTC and the chief's office of police services should be involved somehow,” said Augimeri. “This will protect both politicians and staff who may not understand what the policy is.”
Article Continued Below
Last Thursday, regular TTC passengers on the Finch West 36 and Martin Grove 46 were dropped off mid-route, so that the two TTC buses could be used to pick up the mayor's high school football team from a game. The TTC said they dispatched the buses after receiving a call from the Toronto police, as per their protocol. Normally the TTC, which receives on average two emergency requests a week, tries to use shelter buses from terminal stations so it doesn't have to interrupt riders' journeys. But there were no buses available at that time, and so the two buses were rerouted. In an email to commissioners Friday, Augimeri said it was “deplorable that riders on one of the busiest bus routes in Toronto (36 Finch) were stranded in order to serve the needs of a football team to which the Mayor is connected.”
On Saturday, the councillor, who last year posted a YouTube video showing the busy conditions on the route, said she was furious. “Here are people who take the Finch bus under extremely trying circumstances,” she said. “And here comes someone willy nilly and says ‘take another bus off the route.' We can't stand for this kind of thing,” she said. She said she had never heard of buses being interrupted mid-route to be sent to an emergency. Byford's response to commissioners Saturday said he would “dig out the policy and if you would like, make a proposal to strengthen it.”
Article Continued Below
He said because requests come in at all times of day, operational staff are the best placed to handle them. However, Byford agreed that “more senior TTC staff oversight/approval may be needed.” On Thursday, when the first of the buses was delayed because the driver couldn't find the playing field where the Don Bosco Eagles were waiting, Ford called Byford's cellphone. Byford, who was unaware of the original request, called the transit control centre to inquire and was told the buses would arrive soon. “The most unfortunate thing about this episode is the damage done to our reputation after more than a year of careful, painstaking steps to improve it,” he added in the email. “I am not happy about that and I am certainly not happy that fare paying customers were inconvenienced under these circumstances.” It's still unclear why the police had requested TTC buses to pick up the students after the game. One police spokesman suggested it was because of the cold and wet weather conditions, while another said it was due to safety concerns after an altercation took place between the referee and coach from Father Henry Carr.
A.I.D.A (Attention, Interest, Desire, Action; also AIDA) is the well-known acronym that can guide a designer when creating advertisements. In this case, I will be looking at 10 fantastic poster designs and determining how they conform to the AIDA principle.
Like this type of article? Why not subscribe for Free via RSS or Email
Here's what the AIDA acronym stands for: A → Attention (also, Attraction, Awareness or Allure): Attract the attention of the target audience (viewer of the poster design in this case). I → Interest: Garner the Interest of the target audience by outlining the purpose of the design. D → Desire: Convince the target audience that they want the product or service and that it will satisfy their requirements. A → Action: Lead the target audience towards taking a specific and measurable action.
In regards to Poster Design, the ‘typical' allocation of space that contains copy and imagery looks something like this:
As designers try to push the envelope, so-to-speak, ‘typical' can constrain creativity in many cases. The following examples show 10 poster designs I have selected which show the actual design on the left, and an outline of the AIDA ‘boundaries' on the right. Simply drag and hover the right image over the corresponding poster design to see the AIDA principle in action.
After the analysis of the 10 designs, I'll give a conclusion on my findings: How close did the design conform to AIDA? Was the system better than the ‘typical' stack (whereby Attention gets more space at the top of the poster, followed by incrementally smaller sections below).
The following explanation of the AIDA principle in the following designs are only my own opinions—and attempt to show my thought process when I view them. Here goes...
1: ‘Get Tactical' Poster Design
Poster image source and/or copyright & larger image version URL here.
☞ TIP! Hold down your mouse button and drag the line-image on the right over the poster image of the left temporally to create an overlay. You'll then be able to see both the actual poster design with the coloured outlines at once (until you release your mouse button). This works in Firefox, although in Safari, it makes the images smaller.
The obvious part of the poster is the illustration, however, interest is developed in the lower strapline which leads to the ‘desire' of the dated-event. The final call-to-action is the URL at the base. If I wanted to analyse this design fully, I would say that after these steps the viewer would look back to the illustration and the surrounding beige-coloured texture.
The fact the the viewer may take a closer look at any poster design again if they were interested goes without saying, so this is the only design where I will mention such a step to avoid repetitive content.
2: ‘Laughing Squid' Poster Design
Poster image source and/or copyright & larger image version URL here.
I initially look at the giant squid, then I notice the title of the poster design. After taking a look at the footer information, I then notice the Laughing Squid web URL.
3: ‘Cogitatur' Poster Design
Poster image source and/or copyright & larger image version URL here.
The obvious element of this design is the giant brown-droplet. After seeing this, I notice the Cogitatur heading, then the date which leads to the URLl.
4: ‘Modernism' Poster Design
Poster image source and/or copyright & larger image version URL here.
The first thing that grabs my attention is the illustration on the right of the design. The title then holds my interest, with the copy text underneath and the top circle holding my next glance. The call to action in this case is the awareness of the name of the designer.
5: ‘EventBrand' Poster Design
Poster image source and/or copyright & larger image version URL here.
After my attention is grabbed by the stunning colour explosion, the eye is naturally drawn down the next and only area of colour: the EventBrand logo. The next viewing is either a quick flick of the eyes to the explosion, or a look at the information and URL in the right corner of the footer.
6: ‘Small Music Theatre' Poster Design
Poster image source and/or copyright & larger image version URL here.
After viewing the illustration—main focal point of the poster design, I then look at both of the large-white headings. First the middle one—and then the top, before reading the pink headings of the body of text before viewing the URL and other small print.
7: ‘Martini Asti' Poster Design
Poster image source and/or copyright & larger image version URL here.
Given that the entire poster shows enticing underwater photography, I eventually focus on the Martini bottle before looking at the Asti logo in the top-left corner. The desire then derives from the base of the bottle which again shows the Asti logo and the product together. The call-to-action (URL) is located in the bottom-right-corner. However, some legal information is located on the left hand-side at the bottom.
Given that these two areas of text shows similar amounts of white, my eyes are naturally drawn to the left first (as English is read from left to right). I very quickly realises that this information isn't what I want to read, so I pay more attention is then paid to the URL area on the right.
8: ‘National Design Museum' Poster Design
Poster image source and/or copyright & larger image version URL here.
The giant-red “K” shape first draws my attention, quickly followed by the heading on the right. I then glance at the copy text next to it before taking a very quick look at the “500” detail above the footer information. The call-to-action is to visit the National Design Museum.
9: ‘Forestle' Poster Design
Poster image source and/or copyright & larger image version URL here.
The looking glass draws my attention first and foremost, right before my eyes move downwards to the first line of the typography. Then, I look at the whole image and first heading together before finally reading the web URL at the poster footer.
10: ‘Uncle Sam' Poster Design
Poster image source and/or copyright & larger image version URL here.
Well, I assume everyone recognises the poster above. Obviously, the attention is delivered in the form of the image, with the heading text garnering interest. The desire comes from the highlighted “YOU” followed by the call-to-action at the base. Excellent.
Conclusion
At the start of this post, I showed an image of what the ‘standard' layout for “Attention, Interest, Desire, Action” looked like (well, in the case of poster design). As can be seen with the examples I've shown, this configuration is sometimes loosely utilised (such as in the ‘Cogitatur' Poster Design) and at other times turned on its head—the ‘Modernism' and ‘Asti' posters were perfect examples of this.
As stated, the preceding explanations of the AIDA principle in these designs were only my opinions. The designer's original intentions may or may not have given the AIDA principle precedence when designing them.
One thing I've learned through the process of ‘designing this post' is that a poster design can powerfully convey a message in a variety of ways regardless of the prior knowledge of the AIDA principle. As long as the viewers attention is gained and the call-to-action is effectively conveyed, this principle can be interpreted and implemented with endless possibilities.
What Do You Think?
Do you see any different patterns of the principle of AIDA in these designs which differ from my own? Do you think my analysis is pretty much what most people will see, or do you think I'm way off the mark? Do you have any other insight on the subject to share? If so, feel free to leave your comments below for all the read…
Like this type of article? Why not subscribe for Free via RSS or Email
This is a lovely video about Metropolis II, an impressive kinetic installation that circulates 100,000 toy cars every hour through a vast network of 18 tracks. Created by conceptual artist Chris Burden, the piece has been on view since 2011 at the Los Angeles Museum of Art. Via the museum:
Chris Burden's Metropolis II is an intense kinetic sculpture, modeled after a fast paced, frenetic modern city. Steel beams form an eclectic grid interwoven with an elaborate system of 18 roadways, including one six lane freeways, and HO scale train tracks. Miniature cars speed through the city at 240 scale miles per hour; every hour, the equivalent of approximately 100,000 cars circulate through the dense network of buildings. According to Burden, “The noise, the continuous flow of the trains, and the speeding toy cars produce in the viewer the stress of living in a dynamic, active and bustling 21st century city.”
Video by Supermarché.
1st Prize: Rei and Asuka Kotobukiya Statuette
2nd Prize: Shinji and Kaworu Kotobukiya Statuette
3rd Prize: First Three Volumes of Neon Genesis Evangelion: Campus Apocalypse by Dark Horse Comics
The fine print: No purchase necessary. One online entry per person (one e-mail address per person/address). You must be 18 years of age or older to enter. Contest entries only accepted from people living in North America (United States and Canada) and submitted by Midnight (PDT), March 30th, 2011 to be eligible. Winners will select based upon the quality of submitted commentary (as determined at Dark Horse's sole discretion) from all applicable entries and notified by March 31st, 2011. Entry constitutes agreement by winners to be publicized and permission to use each winner's name for the purposes of promotion of the Contest without further compensation. Contest void where prohibited. Odds of winning dependent on number of entrants.
Napoleon famously said “God fights on the side with the best artillery.” In the Indian context this was proven correct when the FH-77B 155 mm/39-caliber towed howitzer pounded the Pakistanis positions into submission during Kargil war played and a decisive role in winning the war against Pakistan. After India won the war many in the Indian army's top brass stated that without the crucial role played by the artilery the conflict would have lasted far longer and the cost of victory would have been far too higher both in men and machines.
Lieutenant General Krishan Pal,PVSM, UYSM, VSM & Bar -GOC, 15 Corps said
“The Infantry had started taking the Bofors as their section weapon………. It was an Artillery battle. The credit for victory goes to the Artillery.”
Major General Mohinder Puri -GOC, 8 Mountain Division said
“The large-scale built-up of Artillery and its employment in a concentrated manner completely pulverised the enemy and caused heavy casualties.”
Joseph Stalin famously said that artillery was “the God of War”. This is indeed true as the majority of combat deaths during mankind's most destructive wars like the Napoleonic Wars and the World Wars were caused by Artillery.
Unfortunately the state of Indian artillery has only deteriorated over the years due to New Delhi's inability to acquire even a single artillery gun since the Bofors scam broke in the late 1980s.
This incompetency by the government has slowly leaded to Pakistan closing the gap between India and Pakistan as far as artilery is concerned.
Comparison of Indian vs Pakistani Artillery as of Jan. 2017
Total Strength of Indian towed artillery – 4150
Of which
Heavy Artillery – 480
Medium Artillery – 1270
Light Artillery – 2400
Total strength of Pakistani Towed Artillery – 3278
Of which
Heavy Artillery – 422
Medium Artillery – 1243
Light Artillery – 1613
Total Indian Towed Artllery strength stands at 4150 vs Pakistan's 3278, on paper that is, in reality however, India's fleet of S-23 180mm and D-30 122mm are retired or are currently in the process of being retired as state run OFB no longer manufactures the required Ammunition used in these guns. Actual Strength of Indian towed artillery is 3500 vs Pakistan's 3278, this doesn't look like a great scenario for a nation which wants to maintain a conventional firepower superiority against its main regional rival. Pakistan can bring the full might of its 3,278 strong artillery force while India will have to divide artillery between the Chinese and Pakistani borders to prevent any misadventure by either power.
Heavy Artillery
While India's heavy guns, 203 mm, are out of action Pakistan fields a few dozen of 203mm gun as POF manufactures the required ammunition that are used in these guns.
On the 155mm front Indian army has failed to achieve a significant edge over its Pakistani counterpart.
India posses a total of 380 155mm guns compared to 394 155mm Guns of Pakistan. What's interesting is that India originally acquired a grand total of 410 155 FH77/B guns from Swedish defense giant Bofors along with adequate tech transfer, but only 200 of them survive. The reason why India lost more than half of the FH77/B 155mm fleet was due to cannibalization of a large number of guns in order to obtain critical spare parts to run the remaining fleet. This clearly points out the inability of state run OFB to indigenize the Bofors gun and how Nehru-Gandhi corruption damaged India's defense preparedness. The 155mm M-46 fleet, upgraded by Soltam-OFB, has stood the test of the time and is one of the most reliable artillery guns in India's arsenal.
Pakistan will continue to enjoy a numerical advantage over India as far the 155mm class of artilery is considered as the Induction of homegrown “Dhanush” gun is slow and other major artillery programs are well behind schedule while Pakistan based Heavy Industries Taxila (HIT) produces 30+ MKEK Panter 155mm guns a year with technology transfer from Turkey.
Medium Artillery
India has always maintained an edge against Pakistan in the medium artillery department, but as of today the Indian army has decommissioned all of it's 122mm guns, In light of this development Indian army has fallen far behind against Pakistani counterpart in the Medium Artils department. As of today India has about 720 M46 130mm medium guns left in service, whereas Pakistan's 130mm M46 clones and 122 mm variants stand at a staggering 1,243 guns, 523 guns more than India.
Pakistan will continue to expand its lead over India in Medium Artilery as the remaining M46 130mm guns are converted to 155mm standard and there are no plans to induct new guns in the Medium artillery segment.
Light Artillery
Light Artillery is the only area where Indian army possess a clear edge over its Pakistani counterpart. India possesses over 2400 Light guns as compared to Pakistan's 1643 guns. The Indian light artillery is entirely made up of homegrown guns, this has resulted in high rates of availability and most of the fleet remaining intact over the years, unlike what happened to the FH77/B 155mm fleet of guns.
Light Artillery is an area where the Indian army completely outclasses its Pakistani counterpart in Range,Quantity and Quality. The success of Indian light Artils demonstrates the importance of a domestic Military Industrial complex able to supply adequate equipment to the security forces.
Conclusion
New Delhi's Artillery Force is in a very bad shape, Bureaucratic delays, unrealistic GSQRs set by the army, corruption at the top levels of government &the ministry of defense and incompetent defense ministers are some of the reasons why Indian Artils are in such a bad shape. New Delhi needs to move fast as half of the medium artillery has been retired, and more than half of the Bofors 155mm fleet has been cannibalized in search of spare parts, both the Army and the Government need to expedite the process of acquiring new Artillery . Success story of the 105mm light Artillery has already set the precedence for Indian Army to follow local production of artillery system to be replicated in the 155mm category.
The Pakistani Heavy and Medium gun combined strength will at around 1800-2000 guns if the current induction programs remain on schedule. To maintain a conventional edge against Pakistan the army will need at least 6000 guns, since a significant amount of Artils will also be deployed on the Chinese front.
Indian army's Artil force is in a very bad shape, on the medium artillery front half of our fleet of medium guns are out of action due to our inability to produce the required ammunition, as far as the 155mm is concerned more than half of the FH77/B 155mm fleet has been cannibalized to obtain critical spareparts in order to keep the rest of Bofors fleet operational. The Indian Army needs to induct thousands of new guns if it wants to obtain any kind of edge over its Pakistani counterpart. India's ability to successfully develop, manufacture, maintain and upgrade its own 105mm light artillery guns should encourage the army to develop in house solutions in the 155mm category, systems like DRDO ATAGS, OFB Dhanush will play a very important role in the modernization of Indian Artillery.
Self Propelled
Self Propelled Artil platform comes with its own propulsion system. They are equipped with guns of a usually higher caliber than tanks, most have 155mm, but are positioned on a higher angle for bombardment of long-range targets. Unlike tanks, the armor of an SPA is effective only against small-arms fire and shrapnel since they are not designed for frontal engagements like tanks. SPA is most useful in mobile conflicts where its “shoot-and-scoot” ability is a major advantage over towed artillery. If you thought the condition of towed artillery is bad then wait till you read this section
0 Operational
The Pakistani Army as of Jan 2017 has a grand total of 325 Self propelled Guns (SPGs), quite an impressive force for an army that size and keeping in mind the Pakistani threat perception. Compared to this the Indian army fields a grand total of “ZERO” guns, on paper Indian Army has 165 SPGs but in reality all of the 165 SPGs have been retired or forced to retire. The 2S1 Gvozdika 122mm Self Propelled Howitzers has been withdrawn from service due to lack of required ammunition, OFB no longer produces the 122mm ammunition, and the British Vickers FV433 Abbot SPG too has been retired due to lack of spareparts.
Conclusion
Rocket acts as a force multiplier and is great for tactics like Shoot and Scoot, massive destruction of an area when the exact location of the enemy is unknown. In doctrines like Cold Start where the main objective of the military is to deliver heavy punishment to enemy forces the role of Rocket cannot be underestimated. The success of the Indigenously developed systems like the Pinaka MBRL and Indian Light Artil systems highlights why it is important for New Delhi to invest in an Indian Military Industrial Complex.
Overall the state of Indian Artillery is not so good, due to decades of policy paralysis, inaction and mismanagement by the Government and the Army, India has fallen behind its Pakistan. This gap in capabilities will take years, perhaps decades, to fulfill. Unfortunately the price of this incompetence will have to paid in blood if war breaks out tomorrow. The Government and the Army need to work on war footing if they want to regain the lost Artillery edge that won them Kargil.
Recommendations
Making Artillery great again
Revive the Arjun Catapult project with an improved version of the M46 gun. India has around 720 M46 130mm guns in its arsenal which can easily be converted to 155mm standard with the help of private sector partners. Even if only 300 guns are used for the Arjun Catapult project the army will have a proven solution to provide artil cover fast moving formations.
Ministry of defense should recognize the capabilities of companies like Bharat Forge that have produced world class products like the Bharat 52, Garuda 100mm Mounted Gun System. Besides relying on the DRDO ATAGS and the OFB Dhanush, the ministry of defense will should order a significant amount of guns from private players in order to speed up the induction process of various types of artil pieces.
Investment in the development of related technologies should be increased and a proper roadmap for the development of Artillery systems should be realised. Investment in critical technologies like Precision guided ammunition will help the Indian army gain an edge over its regional adversaries.
With inputs from:
http://www.indiandefencereview.com/spotlights/battle-winning-role-of-the-gunners-in-kargil-war/
http://www.pof.gov.pk/products/Artillry_Ammunition/
http://ofb.gov.in/index.php?wh=A-E-P-C&lang=en#subclass3
http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/china/a100.htm
http://indianarmy.nic.in/
https://www.pakistanarmy.gov.pk/
It was billed as cinema's next great tale, with a massive budget and build-up to match the Lord of the Rings trilogy. But The Hobbit, a two-part prequel to Peter Jackson's award-winning films, is in crisis after director Guillermo del Toro today said he was quitting the production.
The announcement follows a series of setbacks that have plagued the film since its inception and will come as a blow to Jackson, its executive producer.
The Hobbit has been beset with delays, with struggling Hollywood studio MGM yet to give it the green light.
Del Toro said in a statement: "In light of ongoing delays in the setting of a start date for filming The Hobbit, I am faced with the hardest decision of my life . After nearly two years of living, breathing and designing a world as rich as Tolkien's Middle Earth, I must, with great regret, take leave from helming these wonderful pictures."
As the film moved further away from its original schedule, the director said he faced increasing demands from other projects.
"The blessings have been plenty, but the mounting pressures of conflicting schedules have overwhelmed the time slot originally allocated for the project," he told theonering.net, a Lord of the Rings fan website.
Last week Del Toro, who directed Pan's Labyrinth, Blade II and the Hellboy movies, revealed The Hobbit had not been given the go-ahead by MGM, which was last year rumoured to be on the brink of bankruptcy.
Speaking at a press conference on Friday for his latest production, Splice, Del Toro responded to questions about The Hobbit, saying the film did not have a start date for shooting, and that it would not until MGM sorted its financial troubles, according to Comingsoon.net.
"It's not greenlit," he said. "That's categorical. We've been caught in a very tangled negotiation. There cannot be any start dates until the MGM situation gets resolved. They do hold a considerable portion of the rights."
He said there was no predictable timeline for filming to start, adding that one possible outcome could see MGM sharing or selling off the rights.
In a statement Jackson said Del Toro would remain as a co-writer on the screenplay for The Hobbit with Jackson and his wife, Fran Walsh, and Philippa Boyens.
"We feel very sad to see Guillermo leave The Hobbit, but he has kept us fully in the loop and we understand how the protracted development time on these two films, due to reasons beyond anyone's control – has compromised his commitment to other long-term projects," Jackson said. "The bottom line is that Guillermo just didn't feel he could commit six years to living in New Zealand, exclusively making these films, when his original commitment was for three years."
Jackson said he would discuss options for a new director with MGM this week. "We do not anticipate any delay or disruption to ongoing preproduction work," he said.
Last month, Jackson dismissed rumours that The Hobbit movies had been delayed by production problems, insisting the project was still in its early stages.
He told Moviefone.com: "It's not really been delayed, because we've never announced the date. I mean it's sort of interesting because the studio has never greenlit The Hobbit, so therefore The Hobbit has never been officially announced as a 'go' project, nor have we ever announced a date."
There was a general feeling of dismay on the Lord of the Rings fansite. Ceti from "The Shire", commented: "Now, PJ can take the seat himself! I never saw him as the right man to do the job.
Shadowdog from Rivendell wrote: "Why do I feel this is the beginning of the end for The Hobbit movies?"
They say the best quadcopter is the one you have with you (or is that cameras?) because not every opportunity to capture some glorious aerial footage is planned. So while you can spend thousands of dollars on a giant rig designed to hoist a heavy DSLR, why not save yourself some cash and opt for this wonderful $495 Pocket Drone that folds into a case smaller than a seven-inch tablet.
When compacted the Pocket Drone is just three inches thick so it's easy to toss in a backpack and always have on hand when you're adventuring. And as an added bonus, since the struts supporting the props all fold, they'll collapse in a crash absorbing impact forces. Instead of remaining rigid and potentially cracking or snapping.
You'll also notice that the Pocket Drone is actually a tricopter, not a quadcopter, since it only has three propeller blades. One less motor means the craft can squeeze about 20 minutes of flight time from its rechargeable batteries, even with a GoPro attached, and it's also a lot quieter than a four-engined quadcopter. So it's wins all around.
Advertisement
The Pocket Drone can be piloted using its included controller, an accompanying free app for your mobile device of choice, or programmed to automatically follow a series of pre-plotted GPS waypoints. But if those options don't work for you, the tricopter's flight control software is open source so you're free to hack in your own solution.
The only downside is that the Pocket Drone is currently being crowdfunded via Kickstarter. And while the videos of the pre-production models raise our hopes that this tiny craft could deliver as promised, there's always the risk it will be late, hit an unplanned roadblock, or never actually materialize one day. [AirDroids via Gizmag]
China and Russia have launched eight days of naval drills in the South China Sea in a sign of growing cooperation between the countries' armed forces against the backdrop of regional territorial disputes.
The exercises come at a time of heightened tension in the contested waters after a UN-backed tribunal ruled in July that China did not have historic rights to the South China Sea and criticised its environmental destruction there. China rejected the ruling and refused to participate in the case.
The "Joint Sea-2016" war games will include exercises on "seizing and controlling" islands and shoals, according to Chinese navy spokesman Liang Yang.
They will involve surface ships, submarines, fixed-wing aircraft, ship-borne helicopters, marine corps and amphibious armoured equipment from both navies, he said in a statement on Sunday.
"Compared with previous joint drills, these exercises are deeper and more extensive in terms of organisation, tasks and command."
READ MORE: 'No legal basis for China's South China Sea claims'
The ministry did not say exactly where the drills would be held in the South China Sea, the site of heated territorial disputes between China and its Southeast Asian neighbours.
However, Chinese news agency Xinhua said the Russian ships arrived early on Monday in the Guangdong province port of Zhanjiang, and the exercises would be held off the Guangdong coast, apparently in waters that are not in dispute.
Joint Chinese-Russian drills have become increasingly common in recent years. This week's exercises are the fifth between the two navies since 2012.
China claims most of the South China Sea, through which more than $5 trillion of trade moves annually. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam have rival claims.
China has repeatedly blamed the United States for stoking tension in the region through its military patrols, and of taking sides in the dispute.
In July, an arbitration panel in The Hague, Netherlands, issued a ruling invalidating China's claims to virtually the entire South China Sea, a result that Beijing angrily rejected as null and void.
Russia has been a strong backer of China's stance on the arbitration case, which was brought by the Philippines.
READ MORE: Beijing's South China Sea claims scrutinised at summit
While China says the drills do not envision specific enemies or target any third parties, their location in the South China Sea has drawn criticism.
During a visit to China last month, the commander of the US Pacific Fleet, Scott Swift, said: "There are other places those exercises could have been conducted." He described them as part of a series of actions "that are not increasing the stability within the region".
Xinhua rejected such sentiments in a commentary on Monday, saying those viewing the exercises as threatening were "either ill-informed ... or misled by their prejudice about China and Russia".
Russian news outlets said 18 ships, 21 aircraft and more than 250 marines from both sides would take part in the drills. The ships include destroyers, cruisers, a Russian battleship, amphibious warfare ships and supply vessels.
However, Xinhua said the Russian component would include three surface ships, two supply ships, two helicopters, 96 marines, and amphibious armoured equipment.
China's navy would contribute 10 ships, including destroyers, frigates, amphibious ships, supply vessels and submarines, along with 11 fixed-wing aircraft, eight helicopters, 160 marines and amphibious armour, it said.
United States coach Jurgen Klinsmann criticized what he sees as an American custom of sports teams catering to star players, in quotes released on Wednesday.
Klinsmann, who left star midfielder Landon Donovan off the U.S. World Cup squad last month, singled out the NBA as ignoring his philosophy of favoring a player's future potential over past accomplishments.
The German native told The New York Times Magazine in December that he could not understand why the Los Angeles Lakers would give Kobe Bryant a two-year contract extension for $48.5 million, when the 35-year-old basketball icon's best days are likely behind him.
"This always happens in America," Klinsmann said in the interview, which was released on Wednesday. "Kobe Bryant, for example -- why does he get a two-year contract extension for $50 million? Because of what he is going to do in the next two years for the Lakers? Of course not. Of course not. He gets it because of what he has done before. It makes no sense. Why do you pay for what has already happened?"
United States coach Jurgen Klinsmann does not understand why teams pay for a player's past accomplishments.
Five months later, Klinsmann had to decide whether to bring the 32-year-old Donovan to a fourth World Cup, after Donovan had spent the first three months of 2013 on a self-imposed sabbatical away from his sport.
Although Donovan returned to play well for the Los Angeles Galaxy, Klinsmann did not immediately invite him back to compete in World Cup qualifiers for the U.S.
The time off was part of what led to Donovan's omission from the World Cup, the Times Magazine reported, as Klinsmann was "put off by what he saw as Donovan's inconsistent motivation," and did not think Donovan was the same player as before.
"He came back, and he was playing in MLS, and people say, 'Oh, he's playing well,' but what does that really mean?" Klinsmann said. "This is where MLS hurts him. He was playing at 70 percent, 80 percent, and he was still dominant. That doesn't help anyone.
"I watched the games. What was I supposed to say? That he was good? He was not good. Not then. No way. So he had to wait."
In the wide-ranging profile piece, Klinsmann also reiterated statements that his job is as much to show consistent growth and improvement in the U.S. program as it is to win the World Cup.
Klinsmann signed a new contract last year that will take him through the 2018 World Cup, likely securing his future no matter the result of this month's tournament. And at the time, Klinsmann expressed severe doubts that the U.S. could succeed in Brazil, where they will face a stacked deck of Ghana, Portugal and Germany in the group stage.
"We cannot win this World Cup, because we are not at that level yet," Klinsmann told the magazine in December. "For us, we have to play the game of our lives seven times to win the tournament.
"Realistically, it is not possible."
South China Sea: Beijing 'not frightened to fight a war' after US move
China is not afraid of fighting a war against the United States in the South China Sea, a state-run newspaper with links to the Communist party has claimed.
How China's artificial islands led to tension in the South China Sea Read more
Twenty-four hours after Washington challenged Beijing's territorial claims in the region by deploying a warship to waters around the disputed Spratly archipelago, the notoriously nationalistic Global Times accused the Pentagon of provoking China.
“In [the] face of the US harassment, Beijing should deal with Washington tactfully and prepare for the worst,” the newspaper argued in an editorial on Wednesday.
“This can convince the White House that China, despite its unwillingness, is not frightened to fight a war with the US in the region, and is determined to safeguard its national interests and dignity.”
The People's Liberation Army Daily, China's leading military newspaper, used a front-page editorial to accuse the US of sowing chaos in countries such as Afghanistan and Iraq.
“Cast-iron facts show that time and again the United States recklessly uses force and starts wars, stirring things up where once there was stability, causing the bitterest of harm to those countries directly involved,” the newspaper said, according to Reuters.
Competing claims in the South China Sea. Competing claims in the South China Sea.
Tuesday's manoeuvre, which saw the guided-missile destroyer USS Lassen sail close to artificial Chinese islands, came after Barack Obama and Chinese president Xi Jinping failed to find common ground over the issue during recent talks at the White House.
US defence secretary Ash Carter warned that further “freedom of navigation” operations in the region were planned. “We will fly, sail and operate wherever international law permits,” he told a congressional hearing.
China reacted to Tuesday's long-anticipated mission by hurling a barrage of accusations at Washington.
“The United States has been very irresponsible,” defense ministry spokesperson Yang Yujun said, according to Xinhua, China's official news agency.
“We will take any measures necessary to safeguard our security.”
Lu Kang, a foreign ministry spokesperson, said China would “resolutely respond” to any deliberate provocations but declined to be drawn on any potential military response.
“I advise the US not to make a fool out of themselves in trying to be smart,” Lu said.
But despite the angry rhetoric coming out of Beijing, experts say China's response has been relatively muted.
“It seems like China's reaction – at least initially – has been to respond in a restrained, operational way. The Chinese have absolutely no interest in sparking a tactical crisis or any kind of confrontation with the Americans,” said Ashley Townshend, a South China Sea expert from the University of Sydney's United States studies centre.
China's military buildup in the South China Sea – including the construction of a 3km runway capable of supporting fighter jets and transport planes – has become a major source of tension between Beijing and Washington.
China claims most of the South China Sea, one of the world's busiest sea lanes, although Vietnam, Malaysia, Brunei, the Philippines and Taiwan have rival claims. Beijing says the islands will have mainly civilian uses as well as undefined defence purposes.
US will fly and sail where 'international law permits' despite rebuke from China Read more
But satellite photographs have shown the construction of three military-length airstrips by China in the Spratlys, including one each on Mischief and Subi reefs.
Washington hoped Tuesday's mission would encourage Beijing to step back from its controversial island building campaign, which China claims is for civilian purposes but critics believe is an attempt to use military power to cement its grip over the region.
However, Townshend warned that sending US warships to the South China Sea could have the opposite effect.
“I think this freedom of navigation missions may play into the hands of the hardliners in the [Chinese] military or in the regime … It will be harder for moderates in the regime to say no to People's Liberation Army hawks and others if the Americans are [seen as] being provocative.”
Townshend said the US mission may have temporarily strengthened Washington's hand. “[But] there's an element of you win the battle but you lose the war if actually this freedom of navigation missions make China more determined to militarise these islands,” he added.
“These islands are not going away – unless global warming takes them out.”
U.S. national team goalkeeper Tim Howard heals fast. Real fast.
The Everton ‘keeper, 35, went down with a calf injury on Boxing Day during the Toffees' 1-0 defeat to Stoke City and has not played since.
[ WATCH: Toure scores stunner ]
However ahead of the Merseyside derby on Saturday (Watch live, 12:30 p.m. ET on NBC and online via Live Extra) Everton manager Roberto Martinez has revealed that Howard is back in training ahead of schedule but will not be risked this weekend against Liverpool.
“Tim is back in training,” Martinez confirmed. “He feels strong and ready but the medical advice is to give him another week to make sure he is fully healed. We won't take any risks. But it is incredible how quickly he has recovered and how well he has done in training.”
The initial diagnosis said Howard would miss at least six weeks, but he is back training within five.
Everton have struggled for most of the campaign defensively and have leaked 34 goals so far this season but they've shored things up at the back in recent games and have conceded just once in their last three matches and are five games unbeaten.
Young Spanish ‘keeper Joel Robles has looked shaky at times but has got into the groove of late and Martinez has no need to rush Howard back from injury.
That said, the USMNT star is still first choice for the Toffees and could be in line to make his comeback on Feb. 11 against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge but is more likely to aim for the home game against Leicester City on Feb. 22 to make sure his left calf has healed fully.
Follow @JPW_NBCSports
Kevin Patterson is a lieutenant in the Ghost Face Gang. His arrest should have meant the end of his career trafficking methamphetamine and heroin throughout North Georgia for the Mexican cartel.
It wasn't.
Instead, Patterson used a contraband cell phone to run his operation from Ware State Prison, authorities said. Patterson was busted after state and federal law enforcement, relying on a confidential source, recorded him directing the sale of tens of thousands of dollars in meth and heroin over three weeks in July 2015. How much he'd trafficked before that brief investigation isn't known.
WATCHDOG: At an Atlanta federal prison camp, drugs, booze and ribs
For authorities, it was a rare win in an ongoing game of cat-and-mouse between prison guards and inmates smuggling in contraband.
As prisons spend millions of dollars scrambling to put in place better security measures, inmates - fueled by technology and relentless cunning - have found ways to work around them and continue their criminal enterprises from behind the razor wire.
Some prisoners have started using apps to access the internet so their calls cannot be intercepted. Drones now swoop over prison yards and drop packages for inmates to retrieve.
State Department of Corrections Commissioner Greg Dozier acknowledges it's a battle his agency is losing and is unlikely ever to win because of the resourcefulness of inmates.
“We just want to stop it,” Dozier said.
Netting and Infra-red cameras
And it's happening everywhere — in local jails as well as county and federal prisons nationwide.
Last year, officers seized 22,326 cell phones from inmates and visitors at all 67 Georgia correctional facilities, which include secure prisons and lower-level facilities. Ware State Prison, where Patterson was housed when he was directing drug sales in north Georgia, topped the list with 1,392 cell phones found. Dooly State Prison was responsible for 1,342 of them. Georgia officials don't know how Patterson secured his cell phone but there are many ways inmates get them.
Kevin Bristol Patterson. Authorities say Patterson used a contraband cell phone to continue to run a drug operation from Ware State Prison. (Credit: Georgia Department of Corrections)
Low-paid correctional officers smuggle in cell phones for a price, despite the risk that they too could become inmates.
Friends and family throw packages over 12-foot-high prison fences. Prison officials are beginning to install netting — much like the screens that protect baseball fans from fly balls — 40 feet in height to stop deliveries that way.
Prison officials are fighting back.
Infra-red cameras have been installed to detect people approaching back fences. At Augusta State Medical Prison, for example, the cameras picked up two people. One of them tossed into the prison yard a package containing tobacco, rolling papers, a lighter, a quarter-pound of marijuana and 18 cell phones with chargers. A teenage boy was captured there but the woman with him got away. The boy's mother, who was not at the prison with her son, left town when she learned he was arrested but was captured later and eventually convicted of two felonies.
But as authorities get better at addressing that problem, so do the inmates.
The prisoners are allegedly sneaking out through a hole in a fence and bringing back items like liquor, cigarettes and cellphones to sell to other prisoners.
The Department of Corrections spent $2.25 million to install technology at three prisons which captures cell phone signals and quickly drains phone batteries. But it only works when calls are attempted inside cell blocks. Inmates can still find corners where the blocking signal doesn't reach. There are plans to put the system in a fourth prison, which will cost another $750,000. After that, the budget runs out.
Technology exists that would allow officials to jam the signals on a large scale, so even if the phones made it inside prison walls they wouldn't work.
But authorities have been hampered by a Federal Communications Commission ban on the technology because it could also affect homes and businesses near prisons. Instead, correctional systems have come up with piecemeal approaches that are not as successful at solving the problem.
The Association of State Correctional Administrators this month asked the FCC to reconsider its prohibition.
“Unfortunately, current legal technologies designed to prevent contraband cellphone use are expensive and not one hundred percent effective. As long as there is a market for cellphones and a means to make calls from within prison walls, inmates and their accomplices will continue to find ways to beat current methods of detection and prevention,” ASCA President Leann Bertsch wrote in a letter this month to FCC Chairman Thomas Wheeler.
The cost of putting in a system that would cover the entire area inside the prison fence and not affect homes and businesses nearby ranges from $2.7 million to $3.9 million per facility, according to DOC.
Drone drops
A relatively new problem is unmanned drones, which easily elude detection.
For the most part, prison administrators only know that a drone has come and gone because pieces of packages dropped from the sky are found stuck in fences or in prison yards, Dozier said.
Maryland State Police and prison officials says two men planned to usethis Yuneec Typhoon drone and controller to smuggle drugs, tobacco and pornography videos into the maximum-security Western Correctional Institution near Cumberland, Md., in 2014. (AP Photo/David Dishneau, File) Photo: The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
Still, in 2013 four people were arrested in Morgan in South Georgia after they used a drone to carry two pounds of tobacco, a cell phone and binoculars to the yard at Calhoun State Prison.
There is technology to address the drone problem but, like the cell phone technology, it's expensive.
Oleg Vornik is chief executive of a company that markets anti-drone systems. The cost is $150,000 to $200,000 per year per prison, depending on the size of the facility and the approach taken.
Some will pick up the sound of a drone and alert prison officials. Other systems will force a drone to the ground or divert it, said Vornik, CEO of Drone Shield which initially focus on providing drones for events like the Boston Marathon.
“We believe it's a matter of time, that as prisons get more and more technology, criminals will begin taking measures to mask it,” Vornik said.
A lucrative business
Even the threat of prison discipline or more years incarcerated isn't a deterrent. It's just a cost of doing business, experts say.
Clay Nix, deputy director of the Department of Corrections Office of Professional Standards, said some inmates have boasted of making $5,000 to $10,000 in a day peddling contraband cellphones, tobacco, marijuana and other drugs. They then use their profits to restock.
And rival gangs are willing to work together in prison “because there's so much money to be made,” said Ricky Myrick, the assistant commissioner who oversees the operation of Georgia's prisons, halfway houses and other facilities.
And though technology allowed law enforcement to stop Patterson and his two co-defendants by intercepting their calls, the whole case was based on a tip from a confidential source.
This time, it worked.
In January, Patterson was sentenced to 18 years and four months in federal prison. Sinaloa Cartel member Alex Altamirano, who was also in a state prison at the time, was sentenced last August to 10 years in federal prison. Denis Pineda, a member of the East Side Locos on parole after serving time for a Florida drive-by shooting, was sentenced also last August to 12 years and 7 months in the federal system.
Former Celtics player Paul Pierce will retire after the 2016-2017 season, the player announced Monday. The 38-year-old forward made the announcement Monday with a simple tweet of "It's time," and a link to a heartfelt letter to his fans about his decision. "I'm at peace with retiring, but I've got one more ride left. One more season. One more opportunity," the 18-year veteran wrote. Pierce played in Boston from 1998 until 2013, and helped lead the Celtics to the championship in 2008 -- the team's first national title in 22 years. He was also elected to 10 All-Star games. "I'm going to enjoy every practice, every bus ride, every team dinner, every time running out through the tunnel. I'm going to do my part to give us a shot at the ultimate goal," he wrote. Pierce will play his final season with the Los Angeles Clippers in the "city where (he) grew up" under former Celtics coach Doc Rivers. Back in September, Rivers told The Boston Globe Pierce intended to retire as a Celtic by signing a one-day contract with the team once his playing days are over.
Former Celtics player Paul Pierce will retire after the 2016-2017 season, the player announced Monday.
The 38-year-old forward made the announcement Monday with a simple tweet of "It's time," and a link to a heartfelt letter to his fans about his decision.
Advertisement
"I'm at peace with retiring, but I've got one more ride left. One more season. One more opportunity," the 18-year veteran wrote.
Pierce played in Boston from 1998 until 2013, and helped lead the Celtics to the championship in 2008 -- the team's first national title in 22 years. He was also elected to 10 All-Star games.
"I'm going to enjoy every practice, every bus ride, every team dinner, every time running out through the tunnel. I'm going to do my part to give us a shot at the ultimate goal," he wrote.
Pierce will play his final season with the Los Angeles Clippers in the "city where (he) grew up" under former Celtics coach Doc Rivers.
Back in September, Rivers told The Boston Globe Pierce intended to retire as a Celtic by signing a one-day contract with the team once his playing days are over.
AlertMe
OH MY HOLY BEJEEZUS WHAT THE HELL, EDICIUSNJ!!
I woke up this morning groggy because I stayed up till 4am to watch the Presidential debate and dragged myself to my Chinese politics lecture and tutorial. At the end of the lecture I get a text form the boyfriend saying my Trick or Treat gift arrived and that it was HEAVY.
Well I perked up right then and ran home after the class to a HUGE box. What happened next was totally unexpected...
My santa, ediciusNJ, went absolutely mental with the gifts!! I'd asked if he could include some stuff for my boyfriend and sister and that if it was too much not to bother getting me anything. Now I expected maybe a couple of sweeties each but clearly, ediciusNJ had other ideas!!
In this box, was...
5 Zagnut bars 4 Blue raspberry blowpops 4 Airheads 2 sachets of Pop Rocks 1 Hello Kitty Blue Raspberry Lolly Ring (My sister LOVES HK! How did you know?!) 10 mini laffy taffys (5 blue raspberry/5 watermelon) 1 Blue Raspberry Spray Candy 1 Blue Raspberry Pushpop 1 Smarties Taffy 1 Slush Puppie Lolly 3 "Screem" eggs 3 Take 5 bars 2 bags of m&m's (pretzel and peanut butter) 1 bag Reeses pieces 1 Peanut Butter Twix 1 Butterfinger bar A pack of Watermelon Bubble gum 2 Big League Chews (1 original, 1 watermelon) 3 Bags Popcorners 1 box Kraft Halloween Mac & Cheese (I am addicted to Kraft mac&cheese by the way, so nice job Mrs EdiciusNJ!) 1 box Brach's Candy Corn 10 Twinkies (EEEE!!!) 12 Nutty Bars (boyfriend, JustSuet, is in love with these!) 14oz Jolly Rachers 12.4oz Rainbow Twizzlers
P.S: Also, my little sister has been sick the past couple of days, I got back from visiting a few hours ago, and the candy really cheered her up! She has seen a first bag and was like "That's awesome!" then I pulled out a second bag and she looked so confused, like "WHAT THE HELL"!! Thanks so much c: My parents also stole some peanut buttery things from Lewis, they're both big PB lovers and couldn't resist!
In Donald Trump's wild, real-life audition for his secretary of state, there's been no shortage of warning flags for the senators who'd have to confirm his eventual pick — whether it's Rudy Giuliani's business dealings with foreign governments, David Petraeus' fumble with classified information, or John Bolton's ultra-hawkish views.
But there's one choice that could put an end to Trump's made-for-TV drama and ultimately breeze through the Senate: Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, whose fans include not just fellow Republicans, but Democrats who'd happily vote to confirm him.
Story Continued Below
“I think he would be a great pick,” said Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), who has been a major critic of Giuliani and former Bolton, the former U.S. ambassador to the U.N., who's also been discussed for the job.
“I do think that in comparison to people like Bolton or Giuliani, that he's much more reasonable diplomatically,” Paul said in an interview. The libertarian senator added that Corker is “more from the realist point of view, as far as foreign policy.”
Democrats were nearly as enthusiastic.
“I don't like to predict what happens in the Senate, but I would tell you: He would be very well-received by the Senate,” said Maryland Sen. Ben Cardin, who as the top Democrat on the Foreign Relations Committee has worked closely with Corker. “I believe he's been an outstanding chairman.”
The 64-year-old former mayor of Chattanooga has earned a reputation on Capitol Hill as a no-nonsense legislator who often finds himself in the middle of major deals, from a sweeping border-security compromise to attempts to defuse brewing conflicts over Senate rules on nominations.
As chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, Corker's chief accomplishment was legislation that would give Congress an up-or-down vote on President Barack Obama's controversial nuclear deal with Iran. That negotiation forced Corker to maneuver between the White House and fierce critics of the administration's talks with Tehran, such as Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.).
“He has advanced a very conservative agenda as chairman, but I really respect him personally,” said Sen. Chris Coons (D-Del.), another member of Corker's committee who has traveled abroad with him. “He has an enormous amount of knowledge about the world and our place in it, and I think he would be a strong choice.”
As well-liked as he is among fellow GOP senators, Corker does have detractors on the right. They include Breitbart News, the website formerly run by incoming Trump chief strategist Steve Bannon. The site last year named Corker a top Republican enabler for the Iran deal, blasting him for not fighting harder to block the pact and saying he “was the key figure in turning congressional rules upside-down and rendering the majority powerless.”
It's unclear whether that criticism is registering with Trump, who railed against the Iran agreement throughout the campaign. Corker ultimately opposed the deal when it came back before the Senate.
Speaking with reporters on Thursday, Corker offered praise for other contenders for the job. He called Petraeus a “national treasure” and said former GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney would be “successful at anything he undertook.”
Those diplomatic remarks aside, Corker made clear he wants the job.
“Anyone who is serving in the kind of role that I may where you influence things and you pass legislation, if you had the opportunity, assuming the environment was right, to be successful, you would want to entertain the idea,” Corker said. “The things that you care about, you can act on … any serious person who's spent a lot of time in foreign policy would want to sit down and explore the idea.”
Senate Republicans are especially mindful not to be viewed as openly lobbying the incoming Trump administration for one particular secretary of state choice over another. But GOP lawmakers plainly prefer Corker.
“I know they've got some other people they're looking at, and there are some really great names out there,” said South Dakota Sen. John Thune, the chamber's third-ranking Republican. “But I think Bob would be, yeah, extremely capable in that position and be a real asset to the new administration.”
Sen. David Perdue (R-Ga.), who sits on the Foreign Relations Committee, said he would defer to Trump and his transition team on the secretary of state choice, before quickly adding that Corker would be “a fantastic secretary of state.”
Transition officials said this week that Trump has narrowed the field to four choices. Two are Giuliani and former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who dined with Trump on Tuesday night; the officials declined to name the others. An announcement is not expected imminently, incoming White House chief of staff Reince Priebus said on Fox News.
Romney is also well-liked in the Senate and could have bipartisan appeal. Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) has said he would likely vote to confirm the 2012 GOP nominee.
But senators typically show deference to other senators for Cabinet-level jobs, particularly nominees for secretary of state. Former New York Sen. Hillary Clinton was confirmed for the job in 2009 in a 94-2 vote, and then-Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry was installed by a nearly identical margin four years later.
Because Senate Democrats in 2013 eliminated the filibuster for nearly all confirmations, it takes only 51 votes for Cabinet appointments to be approved.
Two leading defense hawks in the Senate Republican Conference — Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina — both praised Corker as a potential secretary of state choice. They also indicated that they were fans of Petraeus, a four-star general who led Obama's war strategy in Afghanistan before he was nominated to be CIA director in 2011.
But Petraeus pleaded guilty to misdemeanor charges after he shared classified information with Paula Broadwell, his biographer with whom he was having an extramarital affair. Petraeus resigned from his position leading the CIA, and was later sentenced to two years of probation and a $100,000 fine.
Mishandling classified information was a hallmark of Trump's criticisms of Clinton as they campaigned for the White House earlier this year. However, Graham insisted that Petraeus' transgression involving classified information shouldn't be disqualifying.
“His case has been resolved. We know what he did,” Graham said. “He took responsibility for what he did. He's been punished for what he did.”
Corker was also discussed as a potential running mate for Trump until he publicly removed himself from contention in July. Still, Corker never ruled out serving in Trump's Cabinet.
Corker has come under scrutiny of his own. Earlier this year, POLITICO and The Wall Street Journal reported that federal investigators were looking into Corker's personal finances after he failed to report stock transactions involving a Chattanooga-based real estate investment trust.
He has since amended his personal financial disclosures, and no evidence of wrongdoing has surfaced. Corker and his aides have dismissed the investigation as something triggered by political opponents, and it's unclear whether it would become an issue if he were nominated.
“In some ways, you could look at what has happened over the course of the last year — if that was something that was gonna matter — you could almost look at it as a blessing,” Corker said of the probe earlier this year. “From the standpoint of my finances, I will be the most vetted person here.”
Burgess Everett contributed to this report.
Bruce Lee is famous for his amazing martial arts skills, rock-hard body and insane workout regiments. Before I delve into what other feats he should be known for, watch these videos. He just can't be human:
Yes, he is using nun chucks, not a paddle.
2 Finger Push-Ups???
Sidenote: In that last video where Lee punches his partner Bob Baker from 1 inch away, Bob reportedly said, “I told Bruce not to do this type of demonstration again. When he punched me that last time, I had to stay home from work because the pain in my chest was unbearable.”
According to Wikipedia, Lee's other physical feats included:
* Lee's striking speed from three feet with his hands down by his side reached five hundredths of a second.[61]
* Lee's combat movements were at times too fast to be captured on film at 24 frames per second, so many scenes were shot in 32 frames per second to put Lee in slow motion
* In a speed demonstration, Lee could snatch a dime off a person's open palm before they could close it, and leave a penny behind
* Lee would hold an elevated v-sit position for 30 minutes or longer
* Lee could throw grains of rice up into the air and then catch them in mid-flight using chopsticks
* Lee could thrust his fingers through unopened cans of Coca-Cola. (This was when soft drinks cans were made of steel much thicker than today's aluminum cans)
* Lee performed 50 reps of one-arm chin-ups
* Lee could break wooden boards 6 inches (15 cm) thick
* Lee could cause a 300-lb (136 kg) bag to fly towards and thump the ceiling with a sidekick.
* Lee performed a sidekick while training with James Coburn and broke a 150-lb (68 kg) punching bag
* In a move that has been dubbed “Dragon Flag”, Lee could perform leg lifts with only his shoulder blades resting on the edge of a bench and suspend his legs and torso perfectly horizontal midair.
Lee also created his own martial arts style called Jeet Kuno Do (JKD), which translates to “Way of the Intercepting Fist.” However, JKD cannot truly be called a style because Lee defined it as having no style. The goal was to be adaptive to the situation instead of relying on specific rules and moves like most classical martial arts. He wanted JKD to be “simple, direct and non-classical. It is the direct expression of one's feelings with the minimum of movements and energy.” A great example of this is Lee's famous 1-inch punch which utilized almost no movement but still delivered tremendous force to the victim. Water was actually the specific metaphor Lee used to describe JKD because it is so fluid, adaptive and powerful. Water can erode the largest of rocks and takes on the shape of whatever container it is put into. Likewise, a true JKD master should be able to change his fighting style to fit each environment and opponent.
JKD taught that one should conserve as much energy as possible by countering attacks with attacks instead of defensive maneuvers. More specifically, one should parry attacks while punching simultaneously. The advantage of parrying over blocking is that it uses less energy because it uses the opponent's energy against them and puts them off balance, leaving room for a subsequent attack in their moment of weakness. Lee also taught that kicks should only be delivered to the middle and lower parts of the body as high kicks simply wasted energy and put the fighter at more risk.
Bruce Lee's epic run as the martial arts king of the world sadly ended in 1973 when he was just 32 years-old. Upon having a intense headache, he took a pain-killer called Equagesic which contained both aspirin and a muscle relaxer. Lee was found later that night unconscious and was pronounced dead at the hospital an hour or so later. The autopsy concluded that he had an adverse reaction to the muscle relaxer, causing his brain to a deadly size. The autopsy also showed that there were trace amounts of cannabis in his system, which the doctor originally tried to blame for the death. However, upon further investigation, the ignorant doctor was shown to be incorrect as cannabis cannot realistically kill anyone.
So Bruce Lee. Wonder of the martial arts world. Trainer of 3 United States Karate Champions. Paradigm of physical fitness and health. Marijuana Smoker. Fancy that..
TOKYO – The 36th entry in the “Doraemon” animation series about the adventures of a blue robot cat and its boy companion topped the Japanese box office for the March 5-6 weekend.
Debuting on 374 screens with Toho distributing, “Doraemon: Nobita and the Birth of Japan 2016” earned $5.6 million on 544,816 admissions. This was nearly the same take as the series' previous installment which finished with $35 million in 2015. Aimed squarely at the family market and released to hit the box office crest of the upcoming Golden Week holiday, “Doraemon: Birth: is expected to do as well or better.
The highest ranking newcomer was “The Big Short.” Distributed by Towa Pictures, the film bowed on 214 screens and recorded $1.02 million from 84,000 admissions. Boosted by its best screenplay Oscar, the film is predicted to clear the JPY1 billion ($8.8 million) mark.
Sliding from second to third place on the chart was Fox's “The Martian,” now in its fifth week on release. The film's cumulative total passed the JPY3 billion ($26 million) milestone on 2.1 million admissions.
Posted by Ross Digital Devil Saga 2 coming to PSN this week
I hope you've all been enjoying the PSN release of Digital Devil Saga. I know that many of you have been asking if the sequel, Digital Devil Saga 2, will also be coming to PSN, allowing you to continue the storyline.
Well, I'm pleased to report that it was confirmed to me earlier today that we'll be releasing Digital Devil Saga 2 on PSN this Wednesday, priced at £6.49. What that means is that you'll be able to continue your game of Digital Devil Saga as soon as you finish the first game! :)
Unlike the first game in the series, Digital Devil Saga 2 was actually released shortly after I joined Ghostlight, although, like with the original game, I never actually worked on it as it was more or less completed before I joined.
The DDS2 storyline is a continuation of the first game, so if you're not sure which one to go for I would recommend starting with the first game. Those of you who did play the first game should enjoy the same dark plot and the revelations contained in the sequel.
In terms of game play Digital Devil Saga 2 takes many of the best features of the first game, including retaining the excellent “Press Turn” battle system of the prequel and of course the game still features the great storytelling and artwork you'd expect from an Atlus game :). Some new features do make it into the game, including the Karma Ring system, which allows you to increase your characters stats by equipping the ring with gems. There's also the new Berserk form, a limited transformation where only part of a character's body is changed.
When it was released back in 2007 Digital Devil Saga was an immediate hit with the press. RPG fan gave it 99% calling it “Easily the finest game I've had a chance to play this year and stand's to be one of the greatest games of this generation.” Meanwhile Eurogamer.net gave it 9/10 saying “Digital Devil Saga 2 is everything an excellent sequel should be.”
More on Digital Devil Saga 2
A BLACK SUN BREEDS DESPAIR ACROSS THE LAND OF NIRVANA...
Serph, leader of the Embryon, wanders aimlessly through the lifeless streets before him. In the Junkyard, his Tribe fought a gruesome war, hoping the light of Heaven would relieve their suffering. In the end, Serph's world vanished, along with the comrades who stood by him. All that awaited him in Nirvana were endless streets littered with the silent remains of human statues.
The Promised Land was nothing but a new hell.
· Explore a brand new world full of conspiracy and danger!
· Tear into the new half human, half demon Berserk mode!
· New Karma Ring system adds another layer of depth to character development!
· 40+ hours of gameplay featuring spectacular stylized graphics and fully-voiced cutscenes!
· Master the all-new Berserk mode, and unleash your true power in combat!
EFF supports Illinois legislation (SB 1502 and HB 2774) that would empower people who visit commercial websites and online services to learn what personal information the site and service operators collected from them, and which third parties the operators shared it with. EFF has long supported such “right to know” legislation, which requires company transparency and thereby advances digital privacy.
As we explain in our support letter:
Many operators of commercial websites and online services collect from their visitors a tremendous amount of highly personal information. This can include facts about our health, finances, location, politics, religion, sexual orientation, and shopping. Many operators share this information with third parties, including advertisers and data brokers. This information has great financial value, so pressure to collect and share it will continue to grow. This is a profound threat to our privacy. We live more and more of our lives online. The aggregation of our myriad clicks can turn our lives into open books. Our sensitive personal information, pooled into ever-larger reservoirs, can be sold to the highest bidder, stolen by criminals, and seized by government investigators. Many people would like to protect their own privacy, by making informed choices about which websites and online services to visit. Some sites and services are more respectful of visitors' privacy, and others are less so. But all too often, such attempts at privacy self-help are stymied by the lack of available information about what personal information a website is collecting and sharing. SB 1502 and HB 2774 would even the playing field. They would ensure that people can obtain the information they need to make fact-based decisions about where they want to spend their time online. These bills would not restrict how any website or online service gathers or shares information. Operators can keep doing exactly what they are doing – they just have to be more transparent about it.
In April, the Illinois Senate passed SB 1502, and the Illinois House Committee on Cybersecurity passed HB 2774. We thank the lead legislative sponsors, Sen. Michael Hastings and Rep. Arthur Turner. We also thank the Cook County Sheriff, who initiated the bill, and the bills' proponents, including the ACLU of Illinois, the Digital Privacy Alliance, the Illinois Attorney General, Illinois PIRG, and the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse.
Read EFF's full letter to the Illinois legislature.
Microsoft is making a significant investment in creating a practical version of the basic component needed to build a quantum computer, the company's head of research said Monday.
Quantum questions: Peter Lee of Microsoft speaks at the Digital Summit in San Francisco.
Speaking at MIT Technology Review's Digital Summit event in San Francisco, Peter Lee likened the effort to research at Bell Labs in the 1940s that produced the silicon transistor, the basis of all computing today. “This is our attempt to find the analogous device to the transistor,” said Lee.
In an interview, he told MIT Technology Review that Microsoft had previously kept its quantum effort relatively quiet, but that positive results have convinced him to be more open. “One reason we've been a little cagey is that early on this was a fringe effort—now the physics community takes us seriously,” he said. “We are very serious about our quantum physics research and we're expanding.”
Microsoft has a dedicated quantum computing research lab, known as Station Q, on the campus of University of California, Santa Barbara. It has also been supporting labs around the world with grants and donations of tools to aid research.
A quantum computer should be able to complete calculations that are effectively impossible for any conventional machine today. None has ever been built. Although the Canadian company D-Wave Systems has sold several machines it says are quantum computers, experts say there is still no definitive proof that they exploit quantum principles and can beat conventional machines (see “The CIA and Jeff Bezos Bet on Quantum Computing”).
Microsoft is not currently attempting to build a quantum computer. Rather, its research effort is aimed at developing a reliable version of the qubit, the key building block of a quantum computer.
Just like a transistor in a conventional computer, a qubit can switch between states that represent either a 1 or 0 of digital data. But a qubit can also exploit quantum effects to reach a “superposition state” that is both 1 and 0 at the same time. That would allow a quantum computer to process data many times faster than any conventional computer.
Researchers have built qubits of different designs and even used small numbers of them together for very basic calculations. But none are able to maintain a superposition state very reliably, making them impractical for anyone hoping to build a computer of any size. “We believe that current approaches will never scale,” said Lee.
Microsoft's research focuses on a type of qubit known as a topological qubit that theory suggests would encode data in a much more robust way.
The theoretical basis of topological qubits was first sketched out at UC Santa Barbara roughly eight years ago, says Lee. Then, around four years ago, Microsoft researchers led work to pose a series of key tests that could show whether those ideas could work in reality. Microsoft funded several labs around the world to work on those questions, says Lee. “Two years ago the results started to come in positive.”
Work is now underway to actually build a working topological qubit. To support that effort, Microsoft has developed specialized tools for quantum experiments and given them to the academic community. Those tools range from cloud simulation platforms for theoretical work to new types of electronics for use in the super-cooled temperatures of quantum hardware experiments.
Meanwhile, Microsoft is already looking ahead to explore what could be done with a system of topological qubits once they are built. “Supposing that one day we have a quantum machine: would it be good for anything?” says Lee. “Today we have clear ideas in classical computing about problems we can solve but it's very hard to conceive what's possible with one of these theoretical machines.”
The Christmas and New Year period in 1525/26 was quiet. Henry VIII had separated himself from court because of an outbreak of the sweating sickness and so did not host the usual festive revelry. Perhaps this slightly more reserved and unhappy Christmas period was the reason Henry chose to spend more time on progress during 1526 than during any other period of his reign.
Progresses were almost summer holidays for the court – they were an opportunity for pleasure, pomp, and pageantry. The grand entertainments, extravagant spending and behind the scenes politics created a decadent and dangerous atmosphere.
These events were an opportunity for Henry to demonstrate his power and wealth. The best demonstration of this can be found somewhere slightly unexpected – Henry's tent. Tudor tents were no ordinary camping apparel; they were luxurious temporary palaces made of the finest materials. The Field of Cloth of Goldprovides an amazing visual record of Tudor progress to France in 1520, featuring a wealth of extraordinary tents.
Edward Hall, a contemporary source, offers useful and fantastically detailed descriptions of these portable palaces. He explains that Henry's tent was ‘sette on stages by great connynge and sumpteous woorke' with a worked stone gatehouse. In the well-proportioned rooms ‘hanged riche and marveilous clothes of Arras wrought of golde and silke, compassed of many auncient stories…so richely covered, that is passed all other sightes before seen.' Hall stimulates our imaginations and gives us an idea of how incredible these tents were.
We can also get an idea of the scale of these structures when comparing written sources to official transcriptions regarding the cost. The Office of Tents, for they deserved their own royal department, focused on the royal tents needed for war and pleasure. They funded the design and making of the tents, the crew needed for erecting them, and their storage. Their account books describe the sheer amount of fabric required (167m of cloth of gold!) and the immense amount of money spent on them – in 1514, they had a budget of nearly one thousand pounds. Considering a labourer earned four pence a day the cost for these ephemeral structures was huge.
Henry showed his magnificence in any way he could and tents afforded him a golden opportunity to show everyone that he was the richest, most fashionable and powerful man in the country, if not the world.
Join Henry VIII and his travelling court at Tatton Park this Bank Holiday weekend for Tudors on Tour.
Charlotte Barker, Curatorial Research Assistant
Curatorial Research Assistant
Oregon State released its depth chart Monday, three days ahead of its season opener at Minnesota.
At this point a year ago, the primary question surrounding the team involved whether Seth Collins or Marcus McMaryion would start against Weber State and which player would take the field second. There was far less drama heading into this season since Darell Garretson wrapped up the starting job by the end of spring practice.
The changes from the start of fall camp have been minimal, aside from the few position changes or departures from the team due to transfer or medical retirement.
Of note is the absence of left tackle Sean Harlow, who suffered a season-ending broken leg in 2015. While coaches had not yet ruled Harlow out for the year, the senior said Monday it was "pretty official" that he would redshirt the coming season, short of a series of injuries to the line. Harlow has been with the team throughout fall camp and took reps with the scout team last week. Redshirt freshman Blake Brandel has taken first team snaps all camp and is slated to make his first career start Thursday.
On the other side of the ball, the defensive line has been marked a series of alternate starters, labeled as "OR" on the depth chart. Head coach Gary Andersen said Monday at his weekly press conference that Elu Aydon, Sumner Houston, Kalani Vakameilalo and Baker Pritchard would likely play the most in the coming week, with Noke Tago and junior college transfers Phillip Napoleon and Paisa Savea also rotating in.
Seven true freshmen have cracked the initial depth chart: quarterback Mason Moran, running back Artavis Pierce, wide receiver Trevon Bradford, offensive lineman Gus Lavaka and outside linebackers Shemar Smith, Hamilcar Rashed Jr. and Joah Robinett. Bradford is the lone member of that group listed in a staring role, while Pierce, Smith, Rashed and Robinett could all see action.
OFFENSE
LEFT TACKLE
73 - Blake Brandel, FR-RS / 6-7 / 296
60 - Will Hopkins, JR / 6-7 / 298
LEFT GUARD
64 - Fred Lauina, JR / 6-4 / 307
68 - Sosaia Tauaho, SR / 6-3 / 315
CENTER
76 - Yanni Demogerontas, SO / 6-3 / 303
67 - Trent Moore, SO / 6-4 / 297
75 - Brayden Kearsley, JR-RS / 6-4 / 307
RIGHT GUARD
62 - Gavin Andrews, SR-RS / 6-6 / 327
51 - Kammy Delp, SO / 6-3 / 321
- OR - 63 - Gus Lavaka, FR / 6-4 / 340
RIGHT TACKLE
74 - Dustin Stanton, SR / 6-6 / 305
78 - Sam Curtius, JR / 6-5 / 306
TIGHT END
82 - Tuli Wily-Matagi, FR-RS / 6-4 / 254
99 - Elu Aydon, FR-RS / 6-3 / 327
- OR - 97 - Kalani Vakameilalo, SO / 6-3 / 311
WIDE RECEIVER (X)
13 - Jordan Villamin, JR / 6-5 / 220
18 - Timmy Hernandez, SO / 6-0 / 195
86 - Andre Bodden, FR-RS / 6-0 / 180
WIDE RECEIVER (T)
6 - Victor Bolden, SR / 5-9 / 183
7 - Xavier Hawkins, JR / 5-8 / 183
- OR - 19 - Trevon Bradford, FR / 6-0 / 183
WIDE RECEIVER (Y)
19 - Trevon Bradford, FR / 6-0 / 183
18 - Timmy Hernandez, SO / 6-0 / 195
WIDE RECEIVER (Z)
22 - Seth Collins, SO / 6-3 / 188
2 - Hunter Jarmon, JR / 5-11 / 190
8 - Rahmel Dockery, SR / 5-10 / 191
QUARTERBACK
10 - Darell Garretson, JR / 6-0 / 209
3 - Marcus McMaryion, SO / 6-1 / 204
15 - Mason Moran, FR / 6-3 / 185
RUNNING BACK
34 - Ryan Nall, SO / 6-2 / 234
21 - Art Pierce, FR / 5-11 / 201
- OR - 20 - Tim Cook, SR / 6-1 / 233
25 - Jaylynn Bailey, JR / 5-9 / 223
H-BACK
81 - Noah Togiai, SO / 6-4 / 244
42 - Ricky Ortiz, SR / 6-0 / 232
R-BACK
16 - Paul Lucas, SO / 5-11 / 188
7 - Xavier Hawkins, JR / 5-8 / 183
- OR - 22 - Seth Collins, SO / 6-3 / 188*
DEFENSE
DEFENSIVE END
95 - Baker Pritchard, JR / 6-3 /272
- OR - 90 - Phillip Napoleon, JR / 6-4 / 284
NOSE TACKLE
99 - Elu Aydon, FR-RS / 6-3 / 327
- OR - 52 - Sumner Houston, SO / 6-2 / 289
91 - Noke Tago, SR / 6-4 / 303
DEFENSIVE TACKLE
97 - Kalani Vakameilalo, SO / 6-3 / 311
- OR - 92 - Paisa Savea, JR / 6-4 / 293
OUTSIDE LINEBACKER (F)
47 - Bright Ugwoegbu, SO / 6-2 / 226
43 - Adam Soesman, SO / 6-1 / 220
59 - Hamlicar Rashed Jr., FR / 6-4 / 222
INSIDE LINEBACKER (M)
55 - Manase Hungalu, JR / 6-1 / 232
32 - Jonathan Willis, SO / 6-1 / 228
58 - Hamilton Hunt, FR-RS / 6-0 / 226
INSIDE LINEBACKER (R)
35 - Caleb Saulo, SR / 6-1 / 235
50 - Wesley Payne, JR / 5-10 / 215
- OR - 5 - Kyle Haley, SR / 6-0 / 228
OUTSIDE LINEBACKER (B)
93 - Titus Failauga, JR / 6-3 / 249
41 - Shemar Smith, FR / 6-1 / 227
94 - Joah Robinett, FR / 6-7 / 236
CORNERBACK
14 - Treston Decoud, SR / 6-3 / 208
24 - Jay Irvine, FR-RS / 6-1 / 199
28 - Shawn Wilson, FR-RS / 5-9 / 187
SAFETY
3 - Brandon Arnold, JR / 5-11 / 206
13 - Landry Payne, JR / 6-0 / 195
33 - Jalen Moore, FR-RS / 6-0 / 212
SAFETY
9 - Devin Chappell, SR / 6-2 / 203
12 - Kendall Hill, SR / 6-2 / 204
10 - Omar Hicks-Onu, FR-RS / 6-1 / 198
CORNERBACK
4 - Dwayne Williams, SO / 5-9 / 180
22 - Xavier Crawford, FR-RS / 6-1 / 188
27 - Kyle White, JR / 6-0 / 207
NICKEL BACK
4 - Dwayne Williams, SO / 5-9 / 180*
28 - Shawn Wilson, FR-RS / 5-9 / 187
DIME BACK
9 - Devin Chappell, SR / 6-2 / 203
22 - Xavier Crawford, FR-RS / 6-1 / 188
SPECIAL TEAMS
PAT-FG/KICKOFF
21 - Garrett Owens, JR / 5-9 / 182
27 - Ian Crist, SR / 5-10 / 183
PUNTER
31 - Nick Porebski, JR / 5-10 / 198
39 - Daniel Rodriguez, FR-RS / 5-10 / 201
LONG SNAPPER
36 - Ryan Navarro, SR / 6-2 / 225*
57 - Connor Kelsey, SO / 6-0 / 225
HOLDER
31 - Nick Porebski, JR / 5-10 / 198
18 - Timmy Hernandez, SO / 6-0 / 195
PUNT RETURN
6 - Victor Bolden, SR / 5-9 / 183
8 - Rahmel Dockery, SR / 5-10 / 191
KICK RETURN
6 - Victor Bolden, SR / 5-9 / 183
16 - Paul Lucas, SO / 5-11 / 188
-- Danny Moran
April 30, 2014 at 5:21 PM
Ask out-of-towners what Seattle is best known for, and you'll get the usual laundry list — rain, great coffee, iconic tech companies.
But a lot of people also mention music, and that's not surprising, given a history that includes Quincy Jones, Jimi Hendrix and Nirvana, among others.
Maybe that's why it doesn't seem bizarre that Seattle's best-known indie label, Sub Pop Records, is opening a brick and mortar store Thursday at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
“We became internationally renowned in the very late '80s and early '90s as a mecca for music,” said Kate Becker, director of Seattle's Office of Film + Music. “Lots of people drink coffee. I bet even more people connect with music.”
The new store, located in the main terminal near the entrance to Concourse C, kicks off at 9:45 a.m. Thursday with a performance by Sub Pop artist Chad VanGaalen, a singer-songwriter. (You need a plane ticket to go; the store is on the other side of security lines.)
Sub Pop popularized grunge music in the '90s and has more recently signed neo-folkies such as The Head and the Heart.
“Sub Pop is classic Seattle,” Becker said. “They find great bands, and they've diversified their musical portfolio.”
Music has already been a big part of the Port of Seattle's marketing strategy for Sea-Tac. Working with the Office of Film + Music and the Seattle Music Commission, the port has featured live music, artists reading public service announcements and photographs of Seattle jazz musicians as part of its efforts to brand the airport with local flavor through its Experience The City of Music project.
“Our travelers like a local flavor,” said Deanna Zachrisson, Sea-Tac's manager of dining and retail management. “We know that from the research that we conduct. Folks that live here have … a sense of familiarity with local concepts, but they also have local pride when folks come to visit Seattle.”
Local flavor doesn't always guarantee success. In February, Portland powerhouse Powell's Books was forced to close two of three locations at Portland International Airport, after it failed to agree on a lease renewal.
Sub Pop signed an 18-month lease, Zachrisson said, explaining that the store is part of a move by Sea-Tac to emphasize the concept of the airport as a “gateway to the city.” The arrival of Sub Pop and Metsker Maps of Seattle, which opens next month, are part of an initiative to attract local businesses that typically wouldn't think to have a shop in the airport.
Last year, Sub Pop opened a temporary “pop-up” store in Georgetown to celebrate its 25th anniversary and previously had two stores in the 1990s, but this is the label's first permanent residence in years.
Sub Pop designed the store, believed to be the first of its kind, with travelers in mind, said Sub Pop vice president Megan Jasper. It will be open 365 days a year, from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. The bins will feature vinyl records, T-shirts and a listening station for weary travelers to relax with Sub Pop bands like Nirvana, Soundgarden and Death Cab for Cutie, as well music by non-Seattle artists.
“It doesn't look like anything else in the airport,” Jasper said.
Yesterday on the 700 Club, Pat Robertson was asked to weigh in on the Young Earth Creation debate that's getting ready to take off at the Creation Museum next month between Ken Ham and Bill Nye the Science Guy. In another one of his unscripted responses to a viewer question, Pat had a surprising reply to all of the blogging buzz when he said:
“As much as it pains me to side with a couple of liberal heretics like Dr. James McGrath and Rev. Benjamin L. Corey, I have to admit that in this case, they're completely right– the Young Earth Creationism espoused by Ken Ham is just plain ole' silly. All you have to do is pick up a hand full of dirt, and you'll see that it's old.”
Pat went on to say:
“I'm sure Ken is a nice guy in real life, and I hate to sound pretentious, but I'm just not comfortable getting my science or my theology from someone who only has a bachelors degree. I realize Mr. Ham has a bunch of honorary doctorates, but let's be honest, they call them ‘honorary' for a reason.”
Angry with Pat's response, a Young Earth Creationist from the audience shouted out the go-t0 question they typically ask of: “were you there??” To which, Pat replied:
“Clearly you have underestimated how old I am, just like you've done with the age of the earth.”
Ok, well, maybe he didn't exactly say all that, but he might as well have…
I've often been critical of Pat, one time publicly calling him a Jackass (sorry Pat, but my adopted children aren't “weird” for being adopted and I like that my family looks like the “united nations”), so I thought it would be fair to point out something he said which I think is praise-worthy and relevant to the current discussion on the upcoming debate between Bill Nye and Ken Ham.
A little over a year ago Pat was asked a question from a reader regarding the interpretation of Genesis and Young Earth Creationism, and actually gives a surprising answer: young earth creationism is not biblical.
In his answer, Pat points out as I did the other day, that young earth creationism is based upon a guy named James Ussher adding up some birthdays in the Bible and using that to date the earth– in spite of inconvenient things like, say, fossils.
Pat says that when Ussher claimed the earth was 6,000 years old he “wasn't inspired by the Lord”. Speaking of scientific evidence, Pat says “don't try to cover it up and make it look like it was 6,000 years! ”
And, perhaps the wisest advice of all, he says “if you fight revealed science, you're going to lose your children– I believe in telling them the way it was.”
Which, is exactly correct– and exactly why I oppose Ken Ham even though we're both Christians and both creationists. Young Earth Creationism is so silly, that our children will realize we're feeding them a bunch of nonsense. If we do this, we risk the possibility of them rejecting the faith entirely– a potential outcome that should grieve us.
I believe God is beautiful, and I believe the message of Jesus is hands down, the greatest story ever told. However, when we misread ancient Hebrew poems and instead side for the poor theological math of a guy in the 1600's, we risk losing a whole generation of Jesus followers by way of our own refusal to embrace revealed science.
There need not be these two sides– we can embrace revealed science AND follow the Jesus in the Bible. This isn't a “choose this day whom you will serve” kinda debate– at least, it doesn't need to be.
And, until we learn that, we become willing to risk the faith of our children over our own ignorance and stubbornness.
As Pat stormed off the set he was heard saying “if you want to believe that the creation process was quick like going through a McDonald's drive through, that's fine by me. I'm just telling you that it was more like waiting in line at the DMV.” He then said the entire discussion had him craving a Ham on Nye sandwich, as he let out his classic chuckle.
You can watch the original (and real) Pat Robertson answer here:
Founder of Keurig Green Mountain Bob Stiller made a fortune selling coffee and K-cups, the now ubiquitous single-serve coffee pods. His roughly 5% stake in the Vermont outfit was recently worth more than $1 billion. He lost a big chunk of his fortune in 2012, when he was forced to sell 5 million shares to cover margin calls on loans taken against his position. Stiller got his start selling E-Z Wider cigarette rolling paper in 1971. He sold out in 1981, pocketing $3.1 million pre-tax. He used some of that cash to buy a coffee store near his ski condo in Sugarbush, Vermont; he eventually dropped the retail business to focus entirely on manufacturing, roasting his Green Mountain coffee for big customers like ExxonMobil. In the mid-1990s, he invested $150,000 in what became Keurig. Stiller, who is chairman emeritus, and his wife recently gave $10 million to Fair Trade USA, which certifies products the come from farmers and workers who are justly compensated. They also gave $5 million to the Norton Museum in Palm Beach.
Not to be confused with Mona Lisa
Subject of the Mona Lisa (1479 – 1542)
Lisa del Giocondo ( Italian pronunciation: [ˈliːza del dʒoˈkondo]; née Gherardini [ɡerarˈdiːni]; June 15, 1479 – July 15, 1542) was an Italian noblewoman and member of the Gherardini family of Florence and Tuscany. Her name was given to the Mona Lisa, her portrait commissioned by her husband and painted by Leonardo da Vinci during the Italian Renaissance.
Little is known about Lisa's life. Born in Florence and married in her teens to a cloth and silk merchant who later became a local official, she was a mother to five children and led what is thought to have been a comfortable and ordinary middle-class life. Lisa outlived her husband, who was considerably her senior.
Centuries after Lisa's death, the Mona Lisa became the world's most famous painting[1] and took on a life separate from Lisa, the woman. Speculation by scholars and hobbyists made the work of art a globally recognized icon and an object of commercialization. In 2005, Lisa was definitively identified as the model for the Mona Lisa.[2]
Early life and family [ edit ]
Lisa's Florentine family was old and aristocratic but over time had lost their influence.[3] They were well off but not wealthy, and lived on farm income in a city that was among the largest in Europe. While economically successful, there were great disparities in wealth among Florence's inhabitants.[4]
Antonmaria di Noldo Gherardini, Lisa's father, lost two wives, Lisa di Giovanni Filippo de' Carducci, whom he married in 1465, and Caterina di Mariotto Rucellai, whom he married in 1473. Both died in childbirth.[5] Lisa's mother was Lucrezia del Caccia, daughter of Piera Spinelli, and Gherardini's wife by his third marriage in 1476.[5] Gherardini at one time owned or rented six farms in Chianti that produced wheat, wine and olive oil and where livestock was raised.[6]
Lisa was born in Florence on June 15, 1479, on Via Maggio,[5] although for many years it was thought she was born on Villa Vignamaggio just outside Greve, one of the family's rural properties.[7] She is named for Lisa, a wife of her paternal grandfather.[8] The eldest of seven children, Lisa had three sisters, one of whom was named Ginevra, and three brothers, Giovangualberto, Francesco, and Noldo.[9]
The family lived in Florence, originally near Santa Trinita and later in rented space near Santo Spirito, most likely because they were not able to afford repairs when their first house was damaged. Lisa's family moved to what today is called Via dei Pepi, and then near Santa Croce, where they lived near Ser Piero da Vinci, Leonardo's father.[10] They also owned a small country home in St. Donato in the village of Poggio about 32 kilometres (20 mi) south of the city.[11] Noldo, Gherardini's father and Lisa's grandfather, had bequeathed a farm in Chianti to the Santa Maria Nuova hospital. Gherardini secured a lease for another of the hospital's farms and, so that he could oversee the wheat harvest, the family spent summers there at the house named Ca' di Pesa.[6]
Marriage and later life [ edit ]
On March 5, 1495, 15-year-old Lisa married Francesco di Bartolomeo di Zanobi del Giocondo, a modestly successful cloth and silk merchant, becoming his third wife. Lisa's dowry was 170 florins and the San Silvestro farm near her family's country home,[12] which lies between Castellina and San Donato in Poggio, near two farms later owned by Michelangelo.[10] The modest dowry may be a sign that the Gherardini family was not wealthy at the time and lends reason to think she and her husband loved each other.[12] Neither poor nor among the most well-to-do in Florence, the couple lived a middle-class life. Lisa's marriage may have increased her social status because her husband's family may have been richer than her own.[12] Francesco is thought to have benefited because Gherardini is an "old name".[13] They lived in shared accommodation until March 5, 1503, when Francesco was able to buy a house next door to his family's old home in the Via della Stufa. Leonardo is thought to have begun painting Lisa's portrait the same year.[14][15]
Central Florence . Francesco and Lisa lived on Via della Stufa (red), about 1 kilometre (0.6 mi) north of the Arno River . Lisa's parents lived closer to the river, at first north and later south (purple).
Lisa and Francesco had five children: Piero, Camilla, Andrea, Giocondo, and Marietta, four of them between 1496 and 1507.[16] Lisa lost a baby daughter in 1499.[11] Lisa also raised Bartolomeo, the son of Francesco and his first wife Camilla di Mariotto Rucellai, who was about a year old when his mother died. The second wife of Lisa's father, Caterina di Mariotto Rucellai, and Francesco's first wife were sisters, members of the prominent Rucellai family.
Camilla and Marietta became Catholic nuns. Camilla took the name Suor Beatrice and entered the convent of San Domenico di Cafaggio, where she was entrusted to the care of Antonmaria's sister Suor Albiera and Lisa's sisters Suor Camilla (who was acquitted in a scandalous visitation by four men at the convent) and Suor Alessandra.[17] Beatrice died at age 18[17] and was buried in the Basilica di Santa Maria Novella.[18] Lisa developed a relationship with Sant'Orsola, a convent held in high regard in Florence, where she was able to place Marietta in 1521. Marietta took the name Suor Ludovica and became a respected member of the convent in a position of some responsibility.[19]
Francesco became an official in Florence. He was elected to the Dodici Buonomini in 1499 and to the Signoria in 1512, where he was confirmed as a Priori in 1524. He may have had ties to Medici family political or business interests. In 1512 when the government of Florence feared the return of the Medici from exile, Francesco was imprisoned and fined 1,000 florins. He was released in September when the Medici returned.[18][20]
In June 1537 in his will among many provisions, Francesco returned Lisa's dowry to her, gave her personal clothing and jewelry and provided for her future. Upon entrusting her care to their daughter Ludovica and, should she be incapable, his son Bartolomeo, Francesco wrote, "Given the affection and love of the testator towards Mona Lisa, his beloved wife; in consideration of the fact that Lisa has always acted with a noble spirit and as a faithful wife; wishing that she shall have all she needs…".[21]
Death [ edit ]
In one account, Francesco died in the plague of 1538. Lisa fell ill and was taken by her daughter Ludovica to the convent of Sant'Orsola, where she died on July 15, 1542, at the age of 63.[22][23][24] In a scholarly account of their lives, Francesco was nearly 80 years old when he died, and Lisa may have lived until at least 1551, when she would have been 71 or 72.[11]
Mona Lisa [ edit ]
Like other Florentines of their financial means, Francesco's family members were art lovers and patrons. His son Bartolomeo asked Antonio di Donnino Mazzieri to paint a fresco at the family's burial site in the Basilica della Santissima Annunziata di Firenze. Andrea del Sarto painted a Madonna for another member of his family.[18] Francesco gave commissions to Leonardo for a portrait of his wife and to Domenico Puligo for a painting of Saint Francis of Assisi. He is thought to have commissioned Lisa's portrait to celebrate both Andrea's birth and the purchase of the family's home.[15]
The Mona Lisa fulfilled 15th- and early 16th century requirements for portraying a woman of virtue. Lisa is portrayed as a faithful wife through gesture—her right hand rests over her left. Leonardo also presented Lisa as fashionable and successful, perhaps more well-off than she was. Her dark garments and black veil were Spanish-influenced high fashion; they are not a depiction of mourning for her first daughter, as some scholars have proposed. The portrait is strikingly large; its size is equal to that of commissions acquired by wealthier art patrons of the time. This extravagance has been explained as a sign of Francesco and Lisa's social aspiration.[25]
Mona Lisa from the Louvre in 1911 and its travels to [26] The theft of thefrom the Louvre in 1911 and its travels to Asia and North America during the 1960s and 1970s contributed to the painting's iconization and fame.
During the spring of 1503, Leonardo had no income source, which may in part explain his interest in a private portrait.[20][27] But later that year, he most likely had to delay his work on Mona Lisa when he received payment for starting The Battle of Anghiari, which was a more valuable commission and one he was contracted to complete by February 1505.[28] In 1506 Leonardo considered the portrait unfinished.[29] He was not paid for the work and did not deliver it to his client.[30] The artist's paintings traveled with him throughout his life, and he may have completed the Mona Lisa many years later in France,[13] in one estimation by 1516.[31]
The painting's title dates to 1550. An acquaintance of at least some of Francesco's family,[11] Giorgio Vasari, wrote, "Leonardo undertook to paint, for Francesco del Giocondo, the portrait of Mona Lisa, his wife"[29] (Italian: Prese Lionardo a fare per Francesco del Giocondo il ritratto di mona Lisa sua moglie.).[32] The portrait's Italian name La Gioconda is the feminine form of her married name. In French it is known by the variant La Joconde. Though derived from Lisa's married name there is the added significance that the name derives from the word for "happy" (in English, "jocund") or "the happy one".[13]
Speculation assigned Lisa's name to at least four different paintings and her identity to at least ten different people.[33][34] By the end of the 20th century, the painting was a global icon that had been used in more than 300 other paintings and in 2,000 advertisements, appearing at an average of one new advertisement each week.[35]
In 2005, an expert at the University Library of Heidelberg discovered a margin note in the library's collection that established with certainty the traditional view that the sitter was Lisa. The note, written by Agostino Vespucci in 1503, states that Leonardo was working on a portrait of Lisa del Giocondo.[2] The Mona Lisa has been in custody of France since the 16th century, when it was acquired by King Francis I; after the French Revolution, however, it came into the possession of the people.[36] Today about six million people visit the painting each year at the Louvre in Paris, where it is part of a French national collection.[37]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
28 BART escalators out of service Matier & Ross
Paul Baynton wrestled with a childs stroller which he had to carry down to the train because of a busted escalator. BART had a record 28 escalators out of service recently. The agency blames aging components, weather, vandalism and homelessness. There were two escalators out of service at the Powell Street Station Sunday June 3, 2012, one leading from Powell Street to the station, and one leading down to the trains. less Paul Baynton wrestled with a childs stroller which he had to carry down to the train because of a busted escalator. BART had a record 28 escalators out of service recently. The agency blames aging components, ... more Photo: Brant Ward, The Chronicle Photo: Brant Ward, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close 28 BART escalators out of service 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
How's this for hitting the skids - a record 28 BART escalators were out of service this last week.
And "what makes matters worse is no one is working on them," said rider Rodney Anderson.
"I've been here 15 years, and I've never seen this," said Robert Cotton, BART's chief escalator-repair manager.
One escalator at the West Oakland Station has been out for more than seven months.
Another at Civic Center Station in San Francisco has been idle since Jan. 10, and two others at the busy station have been down for a month.
In fact, nearly half the escalators reported out of service last week were in downtown San Francisco - the three at Civic Center, plus four at Powell Street, three at Montgomery Street and a pair at Embarcadero Station.
In all, BART has 179 escalators and 140 elevators systemwide. But even with a staff of 40 technicians, Cotton says, BART is having trouble keeping up.
Cotton blames the breakdowns on everything from aging equipment to the weather to the daily drubbing the escalators take from the public.
The moving staircases at the downtown San Francisco stations take an especially acute beating from homeless people. They often sleep at the bottom of the escalators to stay warm, and urinate, defecate and spill their drinks into the machinery.
Then there are young vandals who carve up the rubber railings, and the assorted screws, coins and other metal objects that find their way into the escalators' teeth, fouling up the works.
BART installed 19 extra-heavy-duty, German-made escalators in San Francisco more than a decade ago at a cost of nearly $10 million, but they haven't held up as expected.
Cotton says BART plans to spend about $200,000 apiece to rehab them, a fraction of what it would cost to replace them.
If it all sounds familiar, it should.
In the past three years, BART has pumped at least $10 million into trying to keep its escalators moving.
The deep end: Despite opposition from just about everyone in the city's political establishment, a new poll finds that a majority of San Francisco voters say they favor a proposed November ballot measure to study the idea of draining Hetch Hetchy Reservoir and restoring the valley in Yosemite National Park to its natural state.
The poll of 602 likely voters conducted in late April by EMC Research found 59 percent of those surveyed favor of the measure, with 35 percent opposed. Six percent were undecided.
The results came as a bit of a shock to the Friends of Hetch Hetchy, the business and political coalition formed to oppose the measure. The group paid for the poll.
"If we didn't think this was a real threat, we'd happily focus on other priorities," said Rufus Jeffris, spokesman for the business-backed Bay Area Council, which worries about trying to "cut through the noise" of a crowded November ballot to convince voters the Hetch Hetchy measure is a bad idea.
Jeffris and other opponents think the early support has to do with the proposal's wording. It calls for the city's Public Utilities Commission to increase water recycling and study "ending the use of Hetch Hetchy Valley as a reservoir so it could be restored as part of the Yosemite National Park."
What the measure doesn't say outright, critics contend, is that it would be the first step in draining the century-old Hetch Hetchy Reservoir - the main source of drinking water for San Francisco, much of the Peninsula and part of the East Bay.
Restore Hetch Hetchy Executive Director Mike Marshall says his group's proposed ballot measure allows for spending as much as $8 million to study "sustainable" water alternatives and is only a "small but important step" toward draining Hetch Hetchy.
"It's the most moderate, reasonable, incremental approach that any environmental organization has taken with an issue this large," Marshall said.
Opponents are likely to attack the measure by asserting it would cost $10 billion to drain the reservoir and restore the valley - because when the poll's respondents heard that, support for the measure plunged to 38 percent.
Scandal:Ramon Cortines, who spent a decade as San Francisco's schools superintendent before going on to lead districts in New York and Los Angeles, is at the center of a messy sex harassment scandal.
The Los Angeles Unified School District said last week that it had settled with an employee who accused Cortines of taking him to his Kern County ranch in July 2010 and making inappropriate sexual advances.
The deal calls for a $200,000 settlement, plus lifetime health benefits for the employee.
Cortines, 79, who retired from the L.A. district last year, has denied the harassment allegation, saying that what happened was spontaneous and consensual "adult behavior."
EXTRA! Catch our blog at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
The enlarged Prv's of my TwitchPlaysPokemon set 2 Reddit flairs. the download also acts as the scrap core for this set (for those who are not aware of what a scrap core is, see the scrap core for set 1 fav.me/d8p8q2c for more info as the coneipt here and zip continence is more or less the same only with stuff from set 2 as opposed to set 1, and with a different kind of Prv imige.)I was going to upload this enlarged prv. anyways, but then I thought, why don't I move the Scrap Core for the set 2 flairs out of the main ZIP for those flairs, and make the enlarged prv. for those flairs also act as it's scrap core. So I did (and I also added an extra flair)Last updated on: Oct, 27, 2015
British intelligence agent Dr Gareth Williams' last mission before he was “unlawfully killed” was to infiltrate and report on US hacker meetings, evidence given at his inquest this week has indicated.
Williams appears to have been one of a team of intelligence officers and agents sent to penetrate hacking networks in the US and the UK.
At first sight he appears to be more Austin Powers than James Bond, but Williams is the first spy geek to be publicly unmasked, in sadly sensational circumstances.
His naked and decomposing body was found in the foetal position inside a sports holdall in the bath of his central London flat on 23 August 2010, one week after he had failed to turn up for work at SIS - aka MI6 - headquarters in Vauxhall Cross, London.
Coroner Dr Fiona Wilcox said yesterday that she was satisfied that a third party had placed the bag with his body into the bath and had also, “on a balance of probability”, padlocked it shut.
According to pathologists and escapologists who testified during her enquiry, the padlock on the almost airtight enclosure sealed his fate, stupefying and then killing him within minutes from CO2 poisoning.
His death was “was unnatural and criminally mediated”, she said. It was not suicide.
Gareth Williams
Who shut the lock on the holdall is a question that the coroner said could not be resolved with the evidence available. “Most of the fundamental questions in relation to how Gareth died remain unanswered," she said.
The compelling answer is a sex date a week before – somebody he had invited in to play bondage games and who may have panicked and fled when Williams lost consciousness, or sadistically locked the bag and left him to suffer.
Whoever he or she was, they did not leave enough DNA or forensic traces for detectives to have made progress to date. But the police forensic examination team, who checked through Williams' Mac laptop and iPhone collection, seem to have been blithely unaware of how many digital traces they may have missed or how much more may still be out there.
Williams' last espionage targets were participants in the Black Hat and Defcon 18 hacker and security conferences held in Las Vegas in July 2010. His SIS manager told the enquiry that Williams was one of a “group” of agents tasked to attend the conferences.
The inquest was told about the unique Defcon 18 badge that had been found in his flat. The gimmick features a reflective display and an embedded digital signal controller that geeks were invited to manipulate.
Previously, as an operational officer, Williams had met two SIS agents working in the field in Britain, although not as their case officer or handler. Had he had not become cheesed off with SIS, the inquest was told, he would have been assigned abroad as a British secret agent. A few months before his death, he asked to go back to GCHQ.
Williams' working life, after graduating with a first in mathematics in 1996 aged 17, was spent in Cheltenham at GCHQ, Britain's signals intelligence agency. He joined in 2001 after completing a PhD in computer science at Manchester University. His final role in GCHQ had been designing "practical applications for emerging technologies".
In 2007, he applied to become a secret agent by transferring to SIS, the UK's human intelligence agency responsible for spies and spy recruitment. He was put through a series of aptitude and skill tests. He failed. He also attended Black Hat 16 the same year, according to an SIS witness, presumably also then staying on to attend Defcon.
In 2008, he tried again to join SIS, and this time passed the tests. He started in spring 2009 after moving to London, and took part in five SIS training courses before embarking on "active operational work" within UK.
To spy on geeks, you need to hire a serious and thoroughly convincing geek.
There are a few good events coming up in the area, from a brand-new beer to some seasonal releases to tappings, if you're looking for some good beer, check these out!
Tues. Nov 19
Crazy Mountain Sticky Fingers Tapping / 4pm
Brewer's Republic / 112 Nevada Ave
Brewer's is tapping Crazy Mountain Brewing Company‘s Sticky Fingers and has a case of Crazy Mountain Pint Glasses to give away! Make sure to bring in a few cans for the Pikes Peak Community College food drive and get a dollar off your first pint. Doors open at 2pm and the tap goes on at 4pm.
This unique beer is a fresh-hopped-style ale made from Cascade and Chinook hops grown locally at Crazy Mountain's own hop farm in Elizabeth. Brewmaster Kevin Selvy said he was pleased with this year's harvest.
The Crazy Mountain hop crop was supplemented in the brew with some organic hops from the female-run Hippie Chicks hop farm in Palisade. The concept behind fresh-hopped beers is to make sure the wet hops are as fresh from the vine as possible, so the goal is to get the hops into the boil within hours after they are picked. Fresh-hopped ales can only be brewed once a year, in the fall, when the annual hop harvest begins.
Wed. Nov 20
Give! Black Lager Release / 5pm
Bristol Brewing / 1604 S. Cascade Ave
The Independent's Indy Give! has teamed up with Mike and the Bristol crew to put out a special release just for the Indy Give! campaign. If you like beer-philanthropy, this is a perfect chance to get in the action!
VOTE WITH YOUR BEER: Through Dec. 31, $2 will be donated to the Give! nonprofit of your choice for every pint purchased. Fill out a GIVE! BLACK LAGER ballot when you order your pint to keep your favorite nonprofit in the running for $1,000 in prize money + their very own keg of this special Give! beer + bragging rights!
A German-style schwarzbier, the GIVE! BLACK LAGER is the lightest dark beer you'll ever love. Though cloaked in a deep reddish-brown hue, this beer's lager roots ensure a quaff that's clean, mild, and at 5.5% ABV, utterly sessionable.
Available exclusively at Bristol Brewing and all four local Old Chicago's.
Barrel Aged Beer Tapping
Great Storm Brewing / 204 Mount View Lane #3
Great Storm will be tapping two of their first barrel aged beers! No word on when these will be tapped, but they're open 11am-9pm, so make sure to go grab a pint or two.
1) Barrel Roll Red: an Imperial red brewed with caramelized honey and aged in a Bordeaux barrel.
Even in a Washington as dominated by corporate money as today's, it's not often that you see a lawmaker side with financial backers over the public interest as brazenly as Alaska's senior senator did yesterday.
In the wake of last month's catastrophic Gulf Coast oil spill, Sen. Lisa Murkowski blocked a bill that would have raised the maximum liability for oil companies after a spill from a paltry $75 million to $10 billion. The Republican lawmaker said the bill, introduced by Sen. Robert Menendez (D-NJ), would have unfairly hurt smaller oil companies by raising the costs of oil production. The legislation is “not where we need to be right now” she said.Murkowski's move came just hours after Washington's top oil lobby, the American Petroleum Institute (API) expressed vociferous opposition to raising the cap. It argued that doing so would “threaten the viability of deep-water operations, significantly reduce U.S. domestic oil production and harm U.S. energy security.” API's membership includes large oil companies like ExxonMobil and BP America, as well as smaller ones.
An API spokeswoman told TPMmuckraker that the bill represented “a knee-jerk reaction that could have unintended consequences.” she added: “It's important that the Senate did vote it down.”
In fact, the Senate didn't vote on the bill. Thanks to Senate procedures, Murkowski was able to block it simply by objecting to a voice vote request on the bill.
Like numerous Alaska lawmakers, Murkowski counts the oil and gas industry as a major backer. According to online records, it has contributed over $426,000 — more than any other industry aside from electric utilities — to her campaigns over the course of her career.
It's not clear that Murkowski's move will end up affecting how much BP and Transocean pay. The White House told TPMmuckraker last week that if the courts find BP to have been “grossly negligent or to have engaged in willful misconduct or conduct in violation of federal regulations,” — which would seem likely — then the $75 million cap disappears. And there will likely be further efforts in the coming days to raise the cap.
Murkowski and her state's other senator, Democrat Mark Begich, last week proposed increasing the size of a federal spill response fund by raising the tax per barrel of oil by a penny, from 8 to 9 cents. And she said yesterday that at some point in the future lawmakers should “look at the liability cap and consider raising it.” But she didn't say when might be appropriate time to do that.
Damage from the spill – which now looks like it could be even worse than either BP or the government have publicly estimated — could reach into the billions of dollars, by some estimates.
Menendez was scathing in response to Murkowski's move, telling reporters: “Either you want to fully protect the small businesses, individuals and communities devastated by a man-made disaster — this is not a natural disaster; this is a man-made disasterÂ — or you want to protect multibillion-dollar oil companies from being held fully accountable. Apparently there are some in the Senate who prefer to protect the oil companies.”
One of the nation's leading manufacturers of pet treats has issued a voluntary recall of chicken breast treats because of the potential to cause health problems in cats. The recall follows reports of more than 1,800 dogs in the U.S. sickened or killed after eating chicken jerky treats from China.
Arthur Dogswell LLC issued a recall late Friday for its Catswell Brand VitaKitty Chicken Breast with Flaxseed and Vitamins treats because of potential contamination with high levels of propylene gylcol. High levels of propylene glycol in the treats could result in serious injury to cats, according to the notice posted by the federal Food and Drug Administration.
The Los Angeles-based firm is voluntarily recalling 1,051 cartons of the treats packed as either 10 or 50 packages per case of the Catswell Brand VitaKitty with Chicken Breast with Flaxseed and Vitamins, the company said in a press release.
Health effects could include inducing anemia and making cells more susceptible to oxidative damage. The company said no illnesses have been reported to date.
Arthur Dogswell LLC also produces chicken jerky dog treats made in China. The FDA has warned about treats made in China, which have been cited in more than 1,800 reports of illnesses and deaths in the United States. Friday's recall is the first associated with chicken jerky pet treats since the FDA issued a third warning about the products last November.
A Dogswell spokesman, Brad Armistead, sent an email statement to NBCNews.com late Friday that said the company hopes to return the products to the marketplace in the near future.
"We have voluntarily withdrawn a small number of chicken products for cats. This is an isolated situation and does not affect any other products for cats or dogs," Armistead said. "We are committed to providing safe and healthy products to our customers and their pet companions."
The FDA has repeatedly said it has tested pet treats in the U.S. for the presence of many toxins, including propylene gylcol, but agency representatives said they found no levels high enough to urge a product recall.
The VitaKitty treats were distributed nationwide via retail stores and mail order from April 13th through June 14th, 2012.
This product is packaged in a re-sealable 2 ounce orange plastic bags with a clear window. The VitaKitty Chicken Breast with Flaxseed and Vitamins lot codes affected are as follows: SEW12CH032701/03c and SEW12CH032702/03c with the best before date of 09/10/13 and 09/11/13, respectively (UPC code 8 84244 00057 2). Lot codes can be found on the bottom right backside of the package.
“We are taking this voluntary action because it is in the best interests of our customers and their feline companions,” said Marco Giannini, CEO and Founder. “We will be working with the FDA in our continued commitment to ensure that we meet FDA guidelines.”
The recall resulted from a routine surveillance sample collected by Dogswell and the FDA. The firm has ceased manufacture of the affected item, though it's not clear if that action extends to other products.
Consumers who purchased the VitaKitty products are urged to return them to the place of purchase for a full refund. If the product was purchased online, consumers should contact the Internet retailer to pursue a specific return and refund.
FDA officials did not immediately return NBCNews.com calls for more information about how the recall may relate to the ongoing issue of contaminated chicken jerky treats made in China.
On the company website, www.dogswell.com, officials said that many of their products are made in the U.S., but some are made in China. It was not immediately clear where the recalled treats were manufactured. Dogswell brand chicken breast treats for dogs were among those tested by the FDA in 2007, when the agency first became concerned about reports of illness in pets linked to Chinese-made products. Those treats, tested in an FDA southwestern regional lab in August 2007, were found to be in compliance.
Related stories:
The Nintendo Switch is the most versatile console around. This impressive gaming system can be played in three different modes. First, you can connect your Switch to your television and play it as a traditional console. Second, you can play your Switch in handheld mode. Last, you can play with friends in the tabletop mode. Once you have your Switch, it is time to start choosing and playing the top Switch games. A good place to begin is by searching the vast selection of Nintendo Switch games available at Best Buy. You can search for Nintendo Switch games by genre, price, customer rating, Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) rating, publisher and much more. If you want to get a game right away on its release date, you can also pre-order new and upcoming Switch releases.
For many, the best Nintendo Switch video games are role-playing games. Popular role-playing games for the Switch include Pokémon: Let's Go Pikachu!, Pokémon: Let's Go Eevee! and Octopath Traveler. For some, the best Nintendo Switch games involve battling enemies. If you like fighting games, check out Super Smash Bros. Ultimate. In this wildly popular game, you can play as one of many classic Nintendo characters and battle it out with friends. For other players, the best games for Nintendo Switch are the action adventure games. Super Mario Odyssey and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild are among the most popular action-adventure games. Depending on the Switch games you favor, you may want to get additional Nintendo Switch controllers to get the most out of your gaming experience.
BW Pool Says Litecoin a ‘Trailblazer' and May Attract More Users
Flip Share Pin 29 Shares
Litecoin is back in the headlines. To industry veterans this might seem nostalgic, almost retro. However recent signs it could adopt SegWit before Bitcoin via the BW mining pool have boosted its price, and propelled the “silver” cryptocurrency back into public imagination.
Also read: Litecoin Rises 15% on Strong SegWit Signal
SegWit proponents, including Litecoin creator Charlie Lee, consider it to be superior technology. Lee wrote earlier this year that Lightning Networks and speed are SegWit's main benefit, more than block size efficiency.
You can probably see where this is going. If Lee is correct, and the LTC price rises due to confidence in SegWit and Lightning Networks, it may actually compete with Bitcoin for attention and investment.
BW Signaling Shows Support for SegWit – on Litecoin
BW pool showed some of this confidence by mining SegWit-signaling Litecoin blocks. Bitsonline spoke to Virgilio Lizardo Jr., vice president of international affairs at BW's parent company Bitbank.
Litecoin is a secure and valuable blockchain that stands on its own merits, he said. It's always been popular in China, and could be a leader or test-lab for Bitcoin features.
“Of course there are similarities between LTC and BTC, but as one of the oldest and time-tested blockchains LTC has developed its own dedicated community and development team who are committed to its success. In China LTC also has a strong following in the mining industry, we at BW have invested in the development of LTC mining equipment, a mining pool and maintain one of the largest LTC mining facilities in the world.”
BW will continue to support the LTC network and community. The company sees a bright future for LTC as a trailblazer in the still evolving history of cryptocurrency, Lizardo added.
‘Environment of Hostility and Misinformation'
Some have questioned, then, why BW took so long to offer its support to SegWit for Litecoin. This conservative approach, Lizardo said, was in part due to the current “environment of hostility and misinformation in our community” which makes communication and collaboration extremely challenging.
“Though the allure of making decisions and proclamations based on speculation is currently at a fever pitch, BW is committed to maintaining a professional posture as a responsibility to our clients and the integrity of the community.”
Bitcoin (and by extension other cryptocurrencies) solve real world problems for people around the world, Lizardo said. If the public sees Litecoin as offering a better solution to those problems, it will attract more users.
However this doesn't mean BW thinks SegWit signaling is best for Bitcoin. Bitcoin, he said, is a different situation with different considerations and calculations to be made.
Price and Interest Both Remain High
Litecoin's price has soared since the beginning of April, reaching over $12 USD according to Coincap.io. BW attributes this to interest in SegWit.
“The amount of interest in the activation of Segwit on LTC is incredibly high. Its undeniable that a positive outcome will lead to continued growth in price and interest of LTC.”
BW pool's reason for signaling SegWit on LTC came after review from its engineers, and communication with customers/community and the LTC development team. Lizardo said BW felt it was the best decision to contribute to Litecoin's continuing growth and innovation.
Bitbank continues to invest in Litecoin research and Scrypt mining hardware, as this video shows. Ultimately, however, the market will decide which features work best in practical situations.
The Bitbank Group of companies controls Bitbank itself, as well as BW mining operations and the exchange Chbtc.
Is Litecoin a useful test lab for Bitcoin, or does it stand on its own merits? Let us know in the comments.
Disclaimer: the author of this article does not currently hold or trade litecoin.
Images via Bitbank, BW, Coincap
Flip Share Pin 29 Shares
The law-enforcement response to the financial crisis and misdeeds on Wall Street has generally been disappointing. There has been a steady procession of insider-trading cases, in which hedge-fund managers have been nailed for manipulating the market. But the failures of AIG, Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns, Fannie Mae, and Freddie Mac required massive bailouts and inflicted enormous damage on the economy. While Wall Street firms have entered into a series of expensive settlements, there have been virtually no prosecutions of top executives.
Eliot Spitzer agrees with those criticisms—to a point. “There is some legitimacy to the notion that insider-trading cases do not confront the structural problems that undergird the most significant cancers that metastasized on the Street prior to '08—the conflicts of interest woven into the business models of the major banks,” he told me. Few regulators and prosecutors understood Wall Street from the inside out the way that Spitzer did. As New York attorney general, he went after the knots of conflicts after the dotcom bust, making Wall Street banks settle and change their research practices, nailing big mutual funds for abusive trading, and pushing the giant insurer AIG to remove its CEO.
But Spitzer doesn't buy into the popular progressive critique that the insider-trading prosecutions have been a sideshow. “Having said that, [the prosecutors] deserve an awful lot of credit for having pursued insider trading in the very determined way that they have,” said the former New York governor and current Viewpoints host. “It is an area of fraud that has always been there, and probably will always be there, because the temptations are there.” What's more, he notes, “They haven't just gotten small fish, they got big players.” For example, the U.S. government has won convictions of a ring involving Raj Rajaratnam, the former billionaire head of the hedge fund Galleon Group, and Rajat Gupta, the former head of McKinsey & Co. and a Goldman Sachs board member. And now it is pursuing hedge-fund giant SAC Capital.
The problem for prosecutors is that the sins of the financial crisis were very difficult to pin on the head honchos as crimes. “The issue of corporate remedies is the most difficult and the most challenging issue we have to deal with in this whole mess,” he said. “Finding and ascribing criminal intent to a CEO is rarely going to happen.” Goldman Sachs Lloyd Blankfein, he notes, wasn't directly involved in the Abacus transaction—a collateralized-debt obligation (CDO) deal gone bad that led to a $550 million settlement. “You'd never see an email where the CEO talks about doing that deal. This isn't how business is being done.” And so in many cases, the best that prosecutors can hope for is a settlement, in which companies pay penalties and neither deny nor admit their guilt. In the meantime, the CEOs stay on.
In the 80s, the Securities and Exchange Commission took the lead in prosecuting insider trading. A decade ago, it was Spitzer's New York attorney general's office that went after big Wall Street firms. Now the prosecutorial energy is coming from Preet Bharara, the ambitious U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York.
The case developing against SAC is another sign of Bharara's ambition. Last week, the government charged (PDF) Mathew Martoma, a junior executive at the huge hedge-fund complex, with trading on insider information gleaned from a doctor who helped oversee drug trials. Having secured the cooperation of the doctor, the government is aggressively pursuing Martoma. And on Wednesday, SAC told investors it has received a Wells notice—a formal notification from the Securities and Exchange Commission that it plans to pursue the company.
To a degree, Steven Cohen may be an irresistible target for prosecutors. It seems he either has remarkably bad judgment choosing employees, or he has set up an environment in which some people feel compelled or welcome to cheat. Even though he has yet to be directly implicated in any wrongdoing, the government has busted several people for insider trading who were either former SAC employees or SAC employees at the time of their alleged wrongdoing. For all intents and purposes, however, Cohen is SAC. He owns most of the capital SAC manages and makes all the key decisions. “He's like the John Gotti of the hedge-fund world,” Spitzer notes, taking pains not to compare hedge funds with organized crime. In a prior generation, government prosecutors would put charts on the wall to identify the five organized-crime families and signal who they were after. “Today the target is hedge funds, and Steve Cohen is the capo di capo.”
But getting him won't be so easy. In the other insider trading cases the U.S. attorney's office has successfully pursued, it was armed with wiretappings, tapes of conversations, and the cooperation of key players. That doesn't seem to be the case here. The indictment of Martoma didn't show any sign that the government had tapes of conversations between Martoma and Cohen. And Martoma has thus far said he is going to fight the charges.
SAC had a huge amount at stake with its trades in the two drug companies Elan and Wyeth, which were developing an Alzheimer's treatment—it decided to dump, quickly, a $700-million position in the two stocks, and then to sell them short in a very brief time period. The government says it knows exactly why Martoma recommended doing so with such conviction and speed: he was in possession of confidential nonpublic information about the drug's trial. But there's no indication that the government can confidently say the same about Cohen. “What is the proof that Cohen knew that the information was something other than publicly available?” Spitzer wonders. “What's missing here is evidence that Cohen knew it was confidential nonpublic information.” The question in this case will come down to what Cohen said when Martoma recommended selling the position and going short. The former prosecutor says the current prosecutor should ask, “With so much at stake here, did he ask the obvious question that anybody would have: what did you know, and how did you know it?"
Tech giants like Google and Facebook are facing new government scrutiny, after years of enjoying a hands-off approach from legislators and regulators.
The Silicon Valley pillars are increasingly being hit with criticism about their power, lack of transparency and advertising practices.
European Union regulators have long cracked down on Facebook and Google for antitrust and privacy violations and are now openly calling for higher taxes on digital firms in general. Now that pro-regulations mood seems ready to catch on with the U.S. government, as well.
Here are the five biggest issues causing lawmakers to look at the industry in a new, harsher light.
The Russia investigation
Lawmakers are pushing hard for added regulation and oversight of social media companies after Facebook revealed that a group with ties to Kremlin allies purchased $100,000 of political advertisements during the 2016 election campaign.
Lawmakers in the House and Senate wrote a letter this week to the Federal Election Commission asking that it establish new guidance for how social media companies can mitigate foreign election interference on their platforms.
On Thursday, Facebook said it would take steps to be more transparent with its ads and turned over to federal investigators 3,000 ads purchased by a Russian actor. But Facebook's self-regulation, seen as an attempt at avoiding government-imposed rules, hasn't satisfied legislators.
ADVERTISEMENT
After Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced the new steps toward ad transparency, a letter surfaced from Sens. Mark Warner Mark Robert WarnerHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Addressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win MORE (D-Va.) and Amy Klobuchar Amy Jean KlobucharMore than 60 former staffers defend Klobuchar as ‘a mentor and a friend' Warren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if he ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers' MORE (D-Minn.) soliciting support for a forthcoming bill that would require digital platforms with over 1 million users to disclose all “electioneering communications” by anyone who spends more than $10,000 on political advertisements.
A spokesperson for Warner said that, while Facebook's announcement is a step in the right direction, it doesn't go far enough for the senator.
Warner's spokesperson noted that while ads were likely a component of potential election interference, experts suggest that fake accounts and pages on Twitter and Facebook seeking to influence voters are a bigger problem.
A new antitrust movement
A growing number of scholars are arguing that the concentration of power in Silicon Valley over private data, public discourse and economic sectors is a threat to the country.
The movement is spearheaded by Barry Lynn, who believes the solution to the concentration of corporate power is to overhaul the legal standard for antitrust enforcement.
Lynn's argument was thrust into the spotlight over the summer, when he and his team were pushed out of the New America think tank. New America president Anne-Marie Slaughter clashed with Lynn over his criticism of Google, one of the think tank's biggest donors, The New York Times reported.
Both Google and Slaughter have denied the internet search giant played any role in Lynn's ouster.
Lynn and his team have since gone independent, launching a stand-alone group called the Open Markets Institute. Their mission is to convince policymakers to target dominant corporations to loosen their hold on the country's political and economic systems.
Silicon Valley is at the top of their list, and their ideas are making a splash in Washington. Democrats have included a new antitrust agenda as part of their messaging platform.
The idea of cracking down on Silicon Valley companies is also gaining traction with some conservatives, who normally oppose additional government involvement in the economy.
“Our ability to communicate freely with one another in this country, which is the primary basis for being able to protect our democracy, is now threatened in very real ways,” Lynn told The Hill.
Culture wars
When Google fired engineer James Damore last month for writing a divisive internal memo on the company's diversity initiatives, Republicans of all stripes blasted the internet search giant for what they saw as suppression of a conservative voice in a company known for its close ties to Democrats.
The backlash was similar to what Facebook experienced last year after Gizmodo reported that the company had omitted conservative news stories from its “Trending News” feature.
Zuckerberg later met with prominent conservatives in an attempt to quell that uproar. But there's still unease in right-wing circles about the power wielded by the tech industry, which tends to be more liberal than other big businesses.
That distrust is evident in the increasing number of prominent conservatives who have advocated a tougher regulatory approach to Facebook and Google. A variety of voices on the right, from Weekly Standard editor Bill Kristol to Fox News host Tucker Carlson and Breitbart News chief Stephen Bannon, have called for tech giants to either be subjected to tougher antitrust enforcement or regulated like public utilities.
Sex trafficking
Perhaps the most imminent headache for the tech behemoths is an anti-sex trafficking bill that has garnered bipartisan support in the Senate.
The Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act (SESTA) would cut into the sweeping legal protections that internet publishers enjoy when it comes to content posted by third-party users. The bill would remove that protection for sites that knowingly enable sex trafficking.
The bill, spearheaded by Sen. Rob Portman Robert (Rob) Jones PortmanAddressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win Texas senator introduces bill to produce coin honoring Bushes GOP Green New Deal stunt is a great deal for Democrats MORE (R-Ohio), is the product of a nearly two-year Senate panel investigation into sex trafficking ads on the site Backpage.com. The Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations concluded in January that the classifieds site “knowingly facilitated” sex trafficking.
Much of Silicon Valley is opposed to the bill, concerned that it could pose a threat to free speech by opening up legitimate internet platforms to greater liability. But Abigail Slater, general counsel for the Internet Association, which represents Facebook and Google, told the Senate Commerce Committee last week that the industry is open to finding a compromise.
“SESTA is a well-intentioned response to a terrible situation,” Slater said. “We are concerned that SESTA opens up liability for frivolous lawsuits that do little for victims of sex trafficking."
Advertising algorithms
Internet companies are also taking heat over the possibility that their ad platforms can be used to discriminate.
Facebook first took criticism in October, when ProPublica revealed that companies purchasing housing ads on Facebook could use the website's tools to exclude black, Hispanic and Asian-American individuals — a potential violation of housing discrimination laws. Lawmakers, including some members of the Congressional Black Caucus, condemned the ads and called for changes.
Facebook's ad targeting policies came under fire again this month, when ProPublica found that Facebook allowed advertisers to target advertisements to individuals who had put racist and bigoted terms, like “how to burn Jews,” in their education or work fields.
A follow-up BuzzFeed report found that typing "Why do Jews ruin everything" will lead Google's ad tool to suggest that an ad buyer also target advertisements to individuals searching for similarly anti-Semitic terms like "the evil jew" and "jewish control of banks.”
Both companies have removed the features and pledged to do better. But to many, the damage has already been done, adding another controversy to the firestorm surrounding the tech giants.
Through the Black SandsCover Illustration© 2014 Sara PlanteThis is the cover I developed for "Through the Black Sands" written by Jen Fuka. The book will be released in July.Book description:In one day, his life was destroyed. For five years, his soul was consumed. Within months, he learned to love. But in a few moments, he lost it all. When the only person that the abused, neglected fifteen-year-old Xander had ever cared about is murdered right in front of him, he leaves to seek his vengeance on the monster that took everything from him. Yet, the further he wanders into the desert, the more his humanity slips away. After five years of wandering, five years full of hatred and bitterness, Xander meets a girl named Sydney. She's so different from the world around him, so different from all the people who hate him. Just as Xander begins to realize he has fallen in love with Sydney, he finds that the demons of his past may have already destroyed his future...unless love can ease the poisoned mind that's been locked in darkness for so long.Amazon Page: www.amazon.com/Through-Black-S… Blog Entry: saraplante.blogspot.com/2014/0… Blog Entry 2: saraplante.blogspot.com/2014/0…
Website ▪ DeviantArt ▪ Inprnt ▪ Instagram ▪ Facebook ▪ Blog ▪ Twitter
Siri is your harshest critic.
Your cellphone's little know-it-all helper is apparently not a Rihanna fan. When you ask her to "play loud farts" — because that is an important task that you would definitely need an automaton to do — she will play (or attempt to play) "What's My Name" by Rihanna, featuring Drake.
Image: Screenshot
Mashable decided to try out this little experiment on our own phones. To our amusement, the brilliant Facebook user's tip worked beautifully — even if it's a little bit of a dig toward the music superstar.
If you ask, you shall recieve... something. A video posted by Andrea Romano (@theandrearomano) on Jul 13, 2015 at 8:38am PDT
Just to rub salt into the wound, this trick doesn't just work on Rihanna fans. We also tried it on iPhones that did not have the song uploaded to iTunes, and Siri still attempted to play it.
First attempt, seems consistent even if you don't have the song. A video posted by Andrea Romano (@theandrearomano) on Jul 13, 2015 at 8:39am PDT
Honestly, the song isn't that bad, Siri. You need to lighten up.
Sam Catlin, executive producer and showrunner of AMC's Preacher, discusses introducing Herr Starr, why Hell had to feature Hitler, and why Jesse and Cassidy are headed for a real confrontation later this season.
Q: What's been your favorite aspect of seeing Jesse & Co. on the road this season?
A: Jesse has a clear external drive. He has someone he's looking for that can be found. It's not just God in the abstract. It's not just the intellectual or theological idea. There's a guy he's looking for. We love leaning into that. We love being in New Orleans. It feels like the perfect Preacher location. It's sort of corrupt and haunted and it's a deeply religious and sinful town. That's been amazing. They're out in the wild world where so much more is possible.
Q: When you knew you were going to Hell, was Hitler your first choice to put on that cellblock? How do you think that story upends expectations of whom that guy is?
A: I mean, who would be my second choice? [Laughs] What's Hell without Hitler? For us, the intention is: Is Hitler the Hitler of old or has he turned over a new leaf? That's the conundrum that Eugene is faced with – if Hitler is to be trusted or not. It's not a question we really answer until perhaps the end of the season.
Q: The Jesse-Tulip–Cassidy triangle wasted no time rearing its head, particularly during Jesse and Cassidy's heated stand-off in Episode 5. Do you think they can remain close friends or will this volatile streak between them grow?
A: I think it's more the latter than the former. Those two are headed for a real confrontation. By the end of the season, I think things will be a lot worse for them before they get better.
Q: Speaking of Episode 5, that episode revealed a lot about Jesse and Tulip's past. Do moments like that stand in the way of their “till the end of the world” love story?
A: It's like any couple, really. There are little betrayals and mistrusts and slights – except theirs are obviously on a much bigger scale. That feeds a lot of the volatility between the two of them. On a certain level, they don't think they deserve each other. It creates a lot of mistrust and doubt – and great sex.
Q: When did you decide Cassidy was going to have a son? How does Denis help you show off a new side of Cassidy?
A: I always liked the idea that Cassidy could have dozens of children scattered throughout North America and Europe. For all of Cassidy's charm, he's the quintessential, well-meaning dead-beat dad who misses 10 birthdays and shows up with two ponies. It felt like another window into showing Cassidy's historic unreliability and something of a foreshadowing. People who know Cassidy over time don't like him. He gives Jesse a warning. He tells Jesse of how he tells people he's not a good guy and they don't seem to listen. He's a fan-favorite and we all love Joe and Cassidy, but I think as the season progresses, we'll see a side of him that won't be surprising in hindsight but hopefully will be disturbing.
Q: How did you come up with the idea for the “soul ID,” and Jesse's clever con to neutralize the Saint of Killers, at least for now?
A: We didn't want the Word to work on the Saint in the same way it did in the comics because it felt like Jesse would be able to neutralize him so easily. So, we asked ourselves the question of why it doesn't work on the Saint and came up with the idea that it doesn't because he's absolutely without soul. He's had his entire soul removed and Genesis needs some element of a soul to work and affect people. It allowed us to write Jesse's backstory and maybe he knew a little bit about people selling their souls as a family business and saw it as an opportunity to pull a fast one on the Saint. But what he doesn't anticipate, obviously, is that the only soul that's going to work is his own.
Q: What was it like to finally introduce Herr Starr? What can you tease about the role he, Featherstone, and Hoover will play in the second half of the season?
A: We've been waiting to introduce Herr Starr, Hoover, and Featherstone ever since we started. We couldn't wait to get to them, so it was a thrill to finally introduce him in a big way. He perhaps doesn't know what he wants to do with Jesse besides kill him, but I think his plans will change. His and Jesse's destiny will be intertwined throughout the rest of the series, hopefully.
Q: This season has been even crazier than Season 1. What's the hardest part of amping up the action and supernatural elements, while also trying to ground the story?
A: It's keeping the human element of these three characters. What do they want? What do they need from each other? What are they missing? What drives them? And then also, having the world be crazy and over the top and all of that without one stealing from the other. That's the trick of the show and what we as writers, actors, directors and designers have to try to always figure out. That's what they pay us for! I feel like by the end of this season, we understand much more about what this world is and what it can do.
Read a Q&A with Pip Torrens, who plays Herr Starr.
Preacher airs Mondays at 9/8c. To stay up-to-date on all the latest news, sign up for the Preacher Insiders Club.
Apple's e-book price-fixing battle has made its way to the Great White North. At least three lawsuits have been filed in Canada against Apple and a number of publishers for allegedly conspiring on e-book prices, largely echoing the complaints filed in the US by the Department of Justice and 16 states.
The Montreal Gazette summarized the three suits on Friday after talking with the lawyer in charge of one of the lawsuits, Normand Painchaud. Painchaud's suit, filed on behalf of Antoine Pontbriand, targets Apple for pushing publishers to move away from Amazon's popular wholesale model—where resellers get to determine the price of e-books—to the agency model, where publishers get to determine their own prices. Apple's agreement with publishers also allegedly required them to give Apple the lowest price on the iBookstore and to price-match any discounts given to other e-book resellers.
Painchaud's suit was filed in the Quebec Superior Court while the others were filed in British Columbia and Ontario. All three are asking for class-action status. There is also an ongoing investigation into Apple and various publishers in Europe.
Apple has argued that the launch of the iBookstore "fostered innovation and competition" and that it helped to break "Amazon's monopolistic grip on the publishing industry." The company apparently feels that its position is worth testing in court as well, and has so far resisted settling with the DoJ.
Bronze Doors are Promised Gift of Trustee Paul DeBruce and Linda Woodsmall-DeBruce
Kansas City, MO June 28, 2017–A massive pair of monumental bronze doors considered to be the defining moment of the Italian Renaissance is a promised gift to The Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art in Kansas City, an acquisition made possible by museum Trustee Paul DeBruce and his wife, Linda Woodsmall-DeBruce. The 17-foot-tall gilded doors, weighing 4 1/2 tons, are casts of the original doors created in the 15th-century workshop of sculptor Lorenzo Ghiberti for the east facade of the Baptistery of the Duomo (cathedral) in Florence, Italy.
Ghiberti's original doors can be found inside the Museo dell'Opera del Duomo di Santa Maria del Fiore. Casts of those doors were made in 1990, and a set was installed on the outside of the Baptistery in Florence (pictured to the right). The doors to be installed at the Nelson-Atkins are a sister set to those at the Baptistery. The installation in the Nelson-Atkins will be the first time the casts will be seen in a U.S. museum.
Shirley Bush Helzberg, Chair of the Board of Trustees, expressed immense gratitude to the DeBruces: “The Gates of Paradise will become a new destination in Kansas City,” she said. “For art lovers and people of faith, these works of art represent both an important moment in art history and also an expression of ancient stories that have informed our culture.”
Paul and Linda DeBruce were in Florence several years ago with plans for a sight-seeing trip outside the city. However, because of a change in weather, they decided to visit galleries instead.
“It was a rainy morning in Florence when Linda and I stepped into the Frilli Gallery,” DeBruce said. “We soon became involved in conversation with Clara Marinelli, who encouraged us to visit the Marinelli Foundry. Later we did make that side trip, and I'm grateful that we did. We were so moved by what we saw, and we were intrigued by the layers of history and craftsmanship linked to the restoration and casts of the Baptistery doors. Eventually we discovered that sister casts of the Gates of Paradise were in storage in India and were owned by a Japanese patron who had paid for restoration of the original doors and for casts to be made in 1990.
“Through a deepening connection with Enrico Marinelli and the Marinelli family, we knew that the casts were destined for Kansas City. After years of conversation and negotiation, we are delighted to have acquired the Gates of Paradise and bring these masterpieces of the Renaissance to the Nelson-Atkins.”
Julián Zugazagoitia, Menefee D. and Mary Louise Blackwell CEO & Director of the Nelson-Atkins, said an installation crew at the museum would begin work in mid-July to prepare for installation of the doors.
“The original doors represented a transition to the Italian Renaissance, which was so fundamentally transformative that its influence left no Western culture untouched,” Zugazagoitia said. “Casts of the original bronze doors will be installed on the Plaza level of the Bloch Building, creating a gateway into the encyclopedic collections and the many cultures represented at the Nelson-Atkins.”
In Florence, the Baptistery is renowned for its three sets of spectacular bronze doors lavishly decorated with relief sculptures. The south doors were created by Andrea Pisano in the 14th century. In 1401, Ghiberti won a competition to design doors for the north side, and he spent 21 years (1401-1422) creating a pair of gilded bronze doors that depict scenes from Jesus's life. The doors were close in style to the earlier Pisano gates, with their square medieval quatrefoil design.
In 1425 Ghiberti, by then widely recognized as the most accomplished sculptor in Florence, received a second commission to design the east doors of the Baptistery, on which he and his workshop toiled for 27 years (1425-1452). The massive bronze doors consisted of 10 richly decorated, sculptural panels depicting scenes from the Old Testament, including God's creation of Adam and Eve, Abraham's near-sacrifice of Isaac, and Moses on the mountain, receiving God's commandments. The panels are surrounded by intricate, gilt framework of foliage and fruit and contain many statuettes of prophets and 24 busts. The two central busts are portraits of the artist and his son, Vittorio Ghiberti.
Because of the doors' striking beauty and grandeur, Michelangelo himself said they were “truly worthy to be the Gates of Paradise.” The area between the Baptistery and the Duomo was referred to as “paradise” during the 14th and 15th centuries. The doors have for centuries been considered one of the masterpieces of Western art and the beginning of the Renaissance.
“Ghiberti's east doors represent a radical new synthesis of physical action, emotional drama, and narrative complexity that was transformational for art history,” said Aimee Marcereau DeGalan, the Louis L. and Adelaide C. Ward Senior Curator of European Arts. “By changing the format of his design from the flat Gothic quatrefoil motif, in which the figures appear only in the central portion, to a larger square motif in which the figures are carved in shallow relief at the bottom and deeper at the top with their action extending edge to edge, Ghiberti expanded art's communicative ability. Moreover, his sensitivity in rendering physical and emotional nuances within these complex narratives of the Old Testament add vitality to each scene and helped to usher in a new direction in art.”
The very definition of a Renaissance man, Ghiberti was a sculptor, painter, draftsman, architectural consultant, stained-glass designer, entrepreneur, author of a treatise on the arts, and the first artist to write an autobiography. He said, with characteristic bravado, that “few things of importance were made in our city that were not designed or devised by my hand,” a statement that has not been contradicted.
The original gates, whose panels depict biblical stories, adorned the Baptistery for nearly 500 years until there was an urgent need to protect them from the bombing of the Nazis during World War II. At that time Bruno Bearzi, owner of one of the most prominent artistic foundries in Italy, was appointed to remove and protect many important and emblematic monuments of Florence. These monuments were hidden in secret places scattered throughout the city; the massive, gilded Gates of Paradise were hidden inside a railway tunnel just outside Florence.
In 1954, when the danger had passed, Bearzi was asked to bring the monuments back. He studied each work carefully and made gypsum molds that were archived for future use. Bearzi's task was to repair the hinges of the bronze doors, but he spontaneously decided to restore Gates of Paradise, the most famous of the three pairs of bronze doors. He then took it upon himself to cast the entire Gates of Paradise, as well as another edition. That edition was eventually installed at Grace Cathedral, an Episcopal cathedral in San Francisco, California.
From the same molds, Bearzi reproduced yet another edition that was installed in 1971 at the Lutheran Trinity Church of Hicksville in upstate New York. Bearzi then sold the gypsum molds to Aldo Marinelli, a colleague associated with the famed Frilli Gallery, founded in Florence in 1860 by Antonio Frilli, whose gallery achieved international fame for casting marble replicas of sculpture.
The Marinelli Foundry in Florence produces works in bronze using the lost-wax technique, and casts are installed throughout the world. In the 1960s, the Marinelli Foundry provided several sculptures for the Country Club Plaza, including the beloved Wild Boar of Florence by Baroque artist Pietro Tacca. As the boar's shiny nose can attest, it is considered good luck to rub the nose or to slip coins into the slot on the base. Also seen on the Country Club Plaza, the foundry created casts of Pomona by Donatello Gabrielli and The Allen Memoral Foundation of a Kneeling Woman, by Gemignani, donated in memory of J.C. Nichols' daughter and son-in-law, Eleanor and Earl Allen.
In 1990, Marinelli proposed protecting the original Baptistery doors by replacing them with a new cast with financing from one of his most important clients, Japanese businessman Choichiro Motoyama. The intent was to permanently substitute the new casts for the original Ghiberti works of art. In exchange, Motoyama was allowed one sister cast from the original Bearzi molds to keep for himself. That cast stayed inside a warehouse in Florence for nearly 25 years, until an international exhibition was organized to promote Florence and the Renaissance.
Between 2013 and 2016, the new casts of Gates of Paradise traveled in that exhibition, in a tour that included Mumbai, India and Seoul, South Korea. On returning to Florence, they were finally purchased by the DeBruces as a promised gift for the Nelson-Atkins. The massive gates were crated, sent on a ship across the ocean, and transported to Kansas City, arriving in February of this year. The casts of the Gates of Paradise will be installed in the Bloch Building in Summer 2017, just ahead of the 27th annual International Sculpture Conference, which will be held in Kansas City October 25-28.
Images:
Page one: Casts of the original Gates of Paradise are now installed on the outside of the Baptistery in Florence. Photo provided by iStock.
Page two: Detail of the doors to be installed at the Nelson-Atkins. This section depicts the story of Joshua ordering the Israelites to cross the Jordan River. Photo by Toni Wood.
Page three: The Gates of Paradise grace the east doors of the Baptistery in Florence. Photo provided by Alamy Stock Photos.
The Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art
The Nelson-Atkins in Kansas City is recognized nationally and internationally as one of America's finest art museums. The museum, which strives to be the place where the power of art engages the spirit of community, opens its doors free of charge to people of all backgrounds. The museum is an institution that both challenges and comforts, that both inspires and soothes, and it is a destination for inspiration, reflection and connecting with others.
The Nelson-Atkins serves the community by providing access to its renowned collection of nearly 40,000 art objects and is best known for its Asian art, European and American paintings, photography, modern sculpture, and new American Indian and Egyptian galleries. Housing a major art research library and the Ford Learning Center, the Museum is a key educational resource for the region. In 2017, the Nelson-Atkins celebrates the 10-year anniversary of the Bloch Building, a critically acclaimed addition to the original 1933 Nelson-Atkins Building.
The Nelson-Atkins is located at 45th and Oak Streets, Kansas City, MO. Hours are Wednesday, 10 a.m.–5 p.m.; Thursday/Friday, 10 a.m.–9 p.m.; Saturday, 10 a.m.–5 p.m.; Sunday, 10 a.m.–5 p.m. Admission to the museum is free to everyone. For museum information, phone 816.751.1ART (1278) or visit nelson-atkins.org.
For media interested in receiving further information, please contact:
Kathleen Leighton, Manager, Media Relations and Video Production
The Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art
816.751.1321
kleighton@nelson-atkins.org
A pipeline planned for the remote Big Bend region of Texas is dividing communities in this state built on the oil and gas industry.
A Remote Place
PRESIDIO, Texas — When Texans refer to the Big Bend region of Far West Texas, they often wave an arm in its direction, as though to indicate how far off it really is. The remoteness of the unspoiled desert landscape is, after all, one of the biggest draws to the region. And for those who live there, the silence of wide-open space is law.
Now, a proposed natural gas pipeline that will cut through the region not only poses a threat to the landscape, but also has disturbed the sense of peace within its residing communities. It has divided the region into those who support the pipeline and those who oppose it, and highlighted some of the long-standing differences among them.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Far from industry, a remote border town hungers for jobs: “There are a lot of families going through the struggle.”
“There's something here that speaks to a lot of people. You kind of either you get it or you don't,” said Coyne Gibson, a vocal opponent, who has teamed up with the grassroots non-profit Big Bend Conservation Alliance in an effort to stop the pipeline from being built. “Me and my wife came here because we love this place. It's a vast place – 28,000 square miles of largely pristine, intact area. There's not a lot of infrastructure here.”
There's not a lot of anything here, including jobs and economic opportunity, say proponents of the pipeline. In Presidio County, one of the counties through which the pipeline will run, the unemployment rate was 8.9 percent as of April 2015, and the median household income was $29,634 – compared to $51,900 statewide – according to the 2010 census. Supporters say the pipeline could help stimulate the economy, and bring industry to a region with few options.
“This is a real opportunity and the city and schools, they need this tax base,” said Brad Newton, the executive director of the Presidio Municipal Development District.
The Trans-Pecos Pipeline — 143 miles of 42-inch pipe, buried at least four feet underground — is slated to transport 1.4 billion cubic feet of natural gas daily through the region to Mexico. On the Texas side, the pipeline will traverse three counties: Presidio, Brewster and Jeff Davis.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video The approximate path of the proposed Trans-Pecos Pipeline across the Big Bend region of Texas.
If it were being built anywhere else in Texas - the state known for its omnipresent oil and gas industry - perhaps the pipeline would be welcomed by all of the locals
The project got its start when Mexico's Comisión Federal de Electricidad announced its plan to build five new natural gas pipelines, including one that would run from the Texas Permian Basin to Chihuahua, Mexico. The CFE selected a consortium of companies to head the Trans-Pecos project, which included the Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners and Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim's Carso Energy.
If it were being built anywhere else in Texas - the state known for its omnipresent oil and gas industry - perhaps the pipeline would be welcomed by all of the locals. But this particular stretch of Far West Texas stands apart.
“Throughout the state of Texas, many pipelines for generations have been in existence,” said Carlos Nieto, special projects coordinator for the city of Presidio, where he and many others hope the pipeline will prop up their cash-strapped town. “But in this tri-county area you don't get this level of activity, and I think that's meeting with a bit of resistance.”
Like the contentious Keystone XL project, which was envisioned to carry oil from Canada to the States and rejected this month by President Obama, this pipeline is also international in scope. But unlike Keystone, the Trans-Pecos gas line hasn't faced the same regulatory hurdles.
Risks and Fears
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Residents' risks and fears about a pipeline: “We didn't move out here to be protesters.”
Energy Transfer Partners, responsible for developing the Trans-Pecos Pipeline stateside, has designated it an “intrastate” project. Their justification: although the pipeline will eventually be one continuous entity from Texas into Mexico, ETP's segment will conclude in the middle of the Rio Grande, at the U.S.-Mexico border. There, it will connect to another Mexican-made pipeline.
Therefore, ETP is only filing for a presidential permit with the U.S. Department of State for the approximately 1,000-foot segment of pipe that will run beneath the Rio Grande. For the remainder of the 143-mile pipeline, the energy company avoids the much more stringent requirements that come with federal oversight of an internationally designated project. The State Department has made no objections to the presidential permit, but the pipeline company still awaits approval by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The FERC is reviewing more than 600 public comments. All but a handful express opposition to the pipeline.
Opponents fear the potential environmental impact on the delicate desert ecosystem and are alarmed over more immediate safety issues. Most of the towns in the region rely on volunteer emergency response teams and many fear their resources would simply not be enough to respond to a pipeline-related accident.
I've only been in Sunny Glen for seven years and we've already been trapped once by a railroad accident
In June, a massive fire after the rupture of an ETP gas pipeline in Cuero, Texas, forced the evacuation of homes in the area. According to news reports, the blaze could be seen 20 miles away.
Residents of Sunny Glen in Brewster County say only one viable road functions as both the entrance and exit to their neighborhood. “I've only been in Sunny Glen for seven years and we've already been trapped once by a railroad accident,” said Scott Wasserman. “There was no way out.”
In addition to these safety concerns, some landowners object to the way the pipeline company and its contractors have conducted their business. Debra Spriggs says her family denied ETP permission to survey their family ranch, but found survey stakes on their land anyway.
There was never any intention to survey land on which we did not have permission
Energy Transfer Partners spokeswoman Lisa Dillinger acknowledged the stakes were indeed planted by the pipeline's surveyors, saying surveyors only crossed property lines because of ambiguities in property documents.
“There was never any intention to survey land on which we did not have permission,” Dillinger said.
But Spriggs remained unconvinced. “They had to cross the fence in order to get there,” she said, referring to the location of the stakes. “It was a brand-new fence. Nobody that I know of that owns any land in Texas would cross a fence.”
Tenacious opposition emerged in reaction to the pipeline project. The Big Bend Conservation Alliance has organized weekly meetings with landowners and other residents, offering legal counsel and strategies for slowing down the pipeline.
The organization has also been instrumental in rallying city and county officials to demand more oversight. At the behest of the BBCA and other residents who vocally oppose the pipeline, Presidio County passed a motion to directly intervene with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's review of the pipeline. Brewster County's Commissioners' Court also voted to oppose the pipeline's presidential permit.
Sections of pipe for the proposed 143-mile Trans-Pecos Pipeline are stacked near Fort Stockton, Texas.
Slow this thing down as much as you can. Everybody has a point where they say, ‘Enough is enough,' even if they're exceptionally wealthy. And the longer it goes, the more difficult it becomes for them to build it
Slowing down the project has been the alliance's principal strategy. At one of the first landowners meeting in April, Brewster County resident Val Beard said, “Slow this thing down as much as you can. Everybody has a point where they say, ‘Enough is enough,' even if they're exceptionally wealthy. And the longer it goes, the more difficult it becomes for them to build it.”
The Mexican commission says the pipeline should be operational by April 2017. And already, ETP has incurred some minor delays. Pumpco Inc., the construction company tasked with actually building the pipeline, was denied a commercial well permit when the applicant failed to conform to the Brewster County's groundwater conservation district's production limitations.
Most opponents of the pipeline reside along the northern part of the pipeline route, in the towns of Marfa and Alpine. But for residents of the border town of Presidio, the pipeline represents an economic opportunity. Presidio is only an hour's drive away from Marfa; however, the two towns seem to inhabit separate worlds. Over the past decade, Marfa – a hipster's paradise celebrated for its art scene – has enjoyed a tourist boom.
But Presidio, a ramshackle network of modest homes, is the sort of place most tourists only see while passing through on their way to Big Bend National Park or en route to Mexico. The median household income in the city of Presidio is just $21,420 – not quite half that of Marfa, according to 2013 census data.
The city is the site of an international port of entry, and its closeness to the border accounts for perhaps one of the most appreciable differences between Presidio and other towns in the region: the enhanced presence of the U.S. Customs and Border Patrol.
In fact, the CBP is one of the biggest employers in Presidio, second only to the school district. Neither is nearly big enough to sustain its population. With a lack of private industry and the recent decline of agriculture in the region, Presidio suffers from a massive job shortage. That has contributed to a common arrangement among many families there: Husbands travel for work while their wives stay at home and take care of the kids.
The Beginning or The End
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video The future of the Big Bend: “We're looking at business here.”
Ingrid Valenzuela's husband, Jesus, travels 150 miles to Pecos for work, while she stays at home with Camila, 4, Natalia, 21 months, and Sebastian, her month-old boy.
Her husband, Valenzuela said, “leaves every week. I see him on Saturday nights and Sunday mornings and he takes off Sunday night. You can say that I'm a single mom during the week with three kids…Most of the people I know live that lifestyle.”
Presidio is the only town in the region that does not have access to natural gas. Most houses and businesses rely on propane, which is more combustible and expensive, and few enterprises are willing to set up shop in the town
Construction of the pipeline itself would likely only generate some temporary jobs, but many speculate that the introduction of a pipeline would also encourage other industry to the region. Presidio is the only town in the region that does not have access to natural gas. Most houses and businesses rely on propane, which is more combustible and expensive, and few enterprises are willing to set up shop in the town.
Hector Armendariz, a Presidio resident who owns The Bean Café, a popular lunch spot among border patrol personnel, said he supports the pipeline, especially if it means natural gas will come to Presidio.
rmendariz currently relies on routine propane tank deliveries, and has to keep tabs on his gas levels to make sure he doesn't run out. His propane supplier is “on speed dial, pretty much.”
ETP has indicated that it will provide the city of Presidio with three taps along the pipeline, so that the city can build a distribution line. Opponents argue that is just a strategy to obtain leverage to later invoke eminent domain rights.
U.S. and World Gas Consumption vs U.S. Reserves in A Billion Cubic Feet Source: U.S. Energy Information Administrationt
Presidio Municipal Development District executive director Brad Newton said he's been trying to bring natural gas to Presidio since 2009. At that time, though, building a natural gas line to Presidio would have entailed running a distribution line all the way from Pecos County—some 150 miles away.
“It was just cost prohibitive at the time,” Newton said. “Now that the gas line is basically 10 miles out, it's feasible.” For the first time, he said, local distribution companies are knocking on Presidio's door. “West Texas Gas was here to express their interest in exploring the possibility of obtaining the Presidio gas franchise,” Newton said.
The owner of a chili processing plant also expressed his interest in building a factory in Presidio if and when the gas comes.
“We've been talking for a few years,” said Don Biad, of Biad Chili Company, which produces dehydrated chili products for manufacturers. One of their clients produces a meat blend for Taco Bell. “The talk was, whenever there is natural gas we'll look at it again. As it became more apparent that it looks like the gas will get out there, we've decided to move forward.”
Biad estimated that the plant would generate between 40 and 50 seasonal jobs. He added, “We can use propane if there is a delay. It's just three or four times more expensive.”
Ultimately we become a sacrificial route, if you will, to get that gas to Mexico for export
While opponents of the pipeline maintain that there is still a fighting chance, Biad felt confident enough in its eventuality to start scouting locations and drilling for water for his chili plant.
Supporters say the pipeline could save a little border community that is badly in need of help, while mitigating some of the illegal trade that occurs at the border. “We're hoping and betting on safer futures through international trade. And that's the future of Presidio,” Nieto said. “Otherwise we are a very isolated border community with little to no future.”
Opponents fear the shape of that future could be the end of the Big Bend they know and love.
“It's one pipeline today,” Gibson said, “but it's a half dozen pipelines or a dozen pipelines in the next two decades. And that ultimately we become a sacrificial route, if you will, to get that gas to Mexico for export.”
Elliott Bernstein Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 27, 2017
I've been excited about Ethereum's Proof of Stake system Casper for a while mainly because it's a move away from Proof of Work, but in recent weeks I've found time to look into more of the details. I keep coming back to one major reason Proof of Stake is good for Ethereum as a system, but also has the potential to push out small players:
Casper will result in large-scale and long-term ETH investments, building credibility and trust in ETH, but small holders will have trouble profiting from these changes
Let's take that apart. How will Casper “result in large-scale and long-term ETH investments”? This is a basic requirement for Casper to work, assuming the following pieces of info are true:
Total ETH staked will be around 10% of the ETH supply (per Vitalik's comment to me, it's “hard to estimate”, but targeting around 10m)
There will be around 1400 staking slots available (see p. 15)
The total supply of ETH is around 100m (or higher)
The price of ETH doesn't fall to double or single-digit numbers
“Large-scale and long-term investments” are the likely results of Casper if the numbers above are ballpark correct because:
The average staking will be about 7.2k ETH to get to 10% staked (10m ETH /1.4k slots, of course we still wouldn't know the median, just the mean)
The average staking will be an investment of around USD 5.2m value (7.15k ETH @ 730 USD/ETH, same issue not knowing the median)
Funds for staking will become unavailable for months at a time
I think the first two points justify the “large-scale” label, and the third is reasonable for a “long-term” label, at least on a cryptocurrency timescale (it still might seem not very long term for an investment of USD 5.2m in the fiat currency/banking world).
Next, why do I think large-scale and long-term commitment will build confidence in ETH? Here are some quotes from a recent Bloomberg article that make the point pretty well:
This week, one or more people delivered 275 bitcoin (valued at $4.5 million at the time) to the LedgerX clearinghouse, and wrote one-year calls 1 at a strike of $50,000 ($13.75 million in total) against them for a premium of $3,600 per coin ($990,000 total).
One trade doesn't make a market, but if, say, 1 percent of all bitcoin were taken off the market and held as option collateral, and financial investors put up cash in one-year derivatives, that could do a lot to stabilize the market. That means both reducing price volatility and giving confidence that market prices represent true trading prices for institutional quantities of bitcoin. This, in turn, could make Cboe and CME cash-settled futures more attractive, and thereby represent a solid base for bitcoin ETFs.
And once that happens, institutions are likely to accept custodianed ownership of physical bitcoin, broadening and deepening the ownership base. There are few entities with institutional access to bitcoin derivatives trading and expertise with trading and holding physical bitcoin. That has to change for bitcoin to join the global financial system.
That's all to say that when “institutional quantities” of a currency are tied up in big investments and financial vehicles (which is exactly what Casper will do!), it will make financial sense for new markets, derivatives, and other tools to be built that can facilitate its use for global trade, lending, and ventures.
Rocket Pool: a plan to profit from Casper
Now it should also be pretty easy to see why “small holders will have trouble profiting from” Casper. I've read that the minimum ETH necessary to participate in staking will be anywhere between 30 and 1000. That whole number range is untenable for the average ETH holder. But more importantly, with just 1400 spots, your chances of getting a spot even if you hold 30 ETH are slim to none if larger stakers are prioritized.
So I'm an individual ETH holder with minimal chance of profiting directly from Casper. That's why Rocket Pool, and other staking pools that will inevitably pop up, are really important to me. That's also why I'm using some of my ETH to buy the new Rocket Pool token. Is ETH investors interested in seeing a 15k valuation? I wouldn't be mad if it happened, but I might feel like passing along that hot potato. I prefer the idea of sustainability, and Rocket Pool looks like a way to get a consistent and predictable percentage return on my holdings. This may be the most speculative statement in my entire analysis, possibly also the most boring and conservative, but a 15% annualized return with “dividend reinvestment” will leave ETH looking better than pretty much any traditional investment out there.
BRUSSELS -- It's a go-to catchphrase when U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is called on to explain his boss on the world stage: "America first is not America alone." Yet as President Donald Trump declared Jerusalem the capital of Israel, Tillerson on Wednesday stood all by himself.
The onslaught came from all sides as Tillerson, at NATO headquarters in Brussels, got an earful from many a U.S. ally on Trump's Jerusalem move. So far, not a single country — other than Israel, of course — has thrown its support behind the declaration. Even Tillerson's own State Department has conceded the announcement could sow unrest throughout the Middle East.
Turkey's top diplomat, Mevlut Cavusoglu, was unsparing in criticism that was far harsher than any the U.S. is accustomed to from a NATO ally.
"The whole world is against this," Cavusoglu told reporters as he awaited Tillerson's arrival for their meeting. He said he'd already told Trump's chief diplomat that it was a "grave mistake." Cavusoglu said he planned to "tell him again."
Trump says announcement on Jerusalem is "long overdue"
That time-tested "special relationship" with Britain? Not so special as to prevent Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson from putting Tillerson on the spot. After the two shook hands, Johnson used the occasion to suggest it was time for Trump's Mideast peace team to put up or shut up.
"Clearly this is a decision that makes it more important than ever that the long-awaited American proposals on the Middle East peace process are now brought forward, and I would say that that should happen as a matter of priority," Johnson said as Tillerson stood uneasily a few feet away.
Trump, in a speech Wednesday, recognized Jerusalem as the capital of the Jewish state and said he'd start the process of moving the U.S. Embassy there from Tel Aviv. The Palestinians and essentially every country see that as undermining future Israeli-Palestinian peace talks that would include Jerusalem's fate — just as the Trump administration purports to be working to broker the ever-elusive deal.
Asked about Trump's decision, Tillerson urged critics to "listen carefully to the entirety of the speech." While the decision directly affects his department, Tillerson acknowledged his role was relatively minimal. He said Trump's Mideast peace team, led by the president's son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner, had shared the decision with him so he could "give them guidance on areas that I thought would be challenging to address."
How will Trump's Jerusalem decision impact peace talks?
"They've done the hard work to try to address those," Tillerson said, insisting there remains "a very good opportunity for peace to be achieved, and the president has a team that is devoted to that entirely."
Tillerson has tried throughout his tenure to soften the president's isolationist-tinged foreign policy by explaining that the U.S. still seeks to lead and build strong partnerships with like-minded nations. He also has echoed Trump in describing how the U.S. feels burden-sharing has gotten out of balance in recent years.
There are few signs America's foreign partners are buying it. At EU and NATO meetings this week, Tillerson got earful after earful about Trump's hampering of the Iran nuclear deal, withdrawal from the Paris climate accord and stated disdain for the United Nations, to name just a few examples.
Shipping All packages are usually shipped within 48 hours. If this is a USA shipment you should be expecting your package within 3-5 business days by USPS. International packages are shipped by USPS and can take up to 8-15 days to receive. Please also be aware our products are a high demand product line; backorders can accrue without notice. If you need to check on the status of your order, please e-mail the customer service department with your order number. Please be aware that additional taxes and tariffs may apply on international orders. We have no control over them and cannot be responsible for them. You may wish to contact your local postal service or import/customs office to find out what charges are applied to foreign purchases. We cannot guarantee that your country does not have restrictions regarding importation of herbal products, so please be sure to check before ordering, as we are not responsible for packages that are confiscated or destroyed by customs agents. Free Product Satisfaction Guarantee We know that if our products are used as directed, you have at least a 98% chance of the product working for you at some level; that is, if you give our products the chance to work for you. That means using our products faithfully for at least 90-180 days... We offer the best guarantee of any product of its kind because we truly believe our unique line of products is the best natural treatment on the market. We want you to be satisfied with your experience with our products, be realistic about your expectations. Be patient and allow the products sufficient time to work. Here's how our guarantee works; if our systems or products have not worked for you. You are eligible to receive FREE PRODUCTS until you achieve the results you desire. Providing that you adhere to the following conditions;
3 Month Guarantee: If after 90 days you haven't obtained the results you desire, simply purchase another 3-month supply of products to qualify for the 6-month guarantee. Once you have used our system or products 180 days and you have not yet obtained the results you desire, simply e-mail the customer service department to activate the monthly delivery of your FREE products.
6 Month Guarantee: 1. E-mail the customer service department within 185 days from the date you received your package to activate your FREE products. 2. Once you begin receiving your FREE products, you must e-mail the customer service department before the 30th of every month to keep your FREE products coming.
Warning: Some readers may find these images disturbing
An Ottawa woman is warning others not to consider eye tattoos after the one she received earlier this month left her partially blinded.
Catt Gallinger, a 24-year-old tattoo and body modification model, went to a tattoo artist earlier this month to get a “scleral tattoo,” a procedure that involves injecting a small amount of ink into the sclera, which comprises the whites of the eyes.
She says purple dye began seeping from her eye immediately and her eye swelled shut the next day. She has since learned that the dye travelled past the sclera deep into her eye itself.
Gallinger has taken to Facebook to publicly share graphic and disturbing images of the botched procedure, which she now calls a “massive mistake.”
Gallinger, who has several other tattoos, piercings and a forked tongue, believes her mistake was in choosing a poorly trained tattoo artist who she says used the wrong sized needle, and injected the dye too deeply into her eye.
“I took my eyesight for granted and trusted someone I shouldn't have. And even if this heals, my eyesight is not going to be back,” she said in a tearful video she uploaded Monday.
Gallinger has spent the last few weeks seeing eye specialists and has learned that the tattoo caused a “hemorrhage and sclera tearing” that is now compromising her eyesight.
She has been given several medications, including antibiotics and steroids, to try to help the eye recover but she says she may still require surgery.
While her eyesight has improved slightly, doctors have told her that it is unlikely to ever fully recover.
“It will either go completely or stay a blurry mess,” she says.
Scleral tattoos are not common, but ophthalmologists have published case reports of others who have developed serious eye infections, called endophthalmitis. In some cases, the only way to stop the pain was to remove the eyeball altogether.
In a video posted Tuesday, Gallinger said the experience has left her with “some very bad” and “scary” emotions, but she says she is battling her depression and trying to ignore the “negativity” she's faced while trying to warn others to learn from her mistake.
“I would never recommend anyone do this. I would never recommend that this is a good decision,” she said. “…Don't risk it. It's not worth it.”
A Georgetown University (GU) student who says he was mugged at gunpoint says he “can hardly blame” his assailants.
Senior Oliver Friedfeld and his roommate were held at gunpoint and mugged recently. However, the GU student isn't upset. In fact he says he “can hardly blame [his muggers].”
“Not once did I consider our attackers to be ‘bad people.' I trust that they weren't trying to hurt me. In fact, if they knew me, I bet they'd think I was okay,” wrote Friedfeld in an editorial featured in The Hoya, the university's newspaper. “The fact that these two kids, who appeared younger than I, have even had to entertain these questions suggests their universes are light years away from mine.”
{snip}
“Who am I to stand from my perch of privilege, surrounded by million-dollar homes and paying for a $60,000 education, to condemn these young men as ‘thugs?'” asks Friedfeld. “It's precisely this kind of ‘otherization' that fuels the problem.”
{snip}
“The millennial generation is taking over the reins of the world, and thus we are presented with a wonderful opportunity to right some of the wrongs of the past,” writes Friedfeld. “Until we do so, we should get comfortable with sporadic muggings and break-ins. I can hardly blame them. The cards are all in our hands, and we're not playing them.”
{snip}
Original Article
Share This
Antonino Giovanni Ribisi ( Italian pronunciation: [antoˈniːno dʒoˈvanni riˈbiːzi]; born December 17, 1974) is an American film and television actor known for his roles in the TV series Sneaky Pete, and the films Avatar, A Million Ways to Die in the West[1] and Ted. He also had recurring roles in My Name Is Earl and Friends.
Early life [ edit ]
His father, Albert Anthony Ribisi, is an Italian-American musician who had been the keyboard player in People!, and his mother, Gay (née Landrum), is a manager of actors and writers. He is the twin brother of actress Marissa Ribisi and the brother of voice actress Gina Ribisi.[2] He is of Italian, English and German descent.[3][4]
Career [ edit ]
Ribisi began acting on television during the 1980s and on films during the 1990s.[5] For My Name Is Earl, he was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series. Ribisi starred in James Cameron's acclaimed highest-grossing film Avatar.
In 2016, Ribisi directed a music video for "Siberian Nights", the third single from Ash & Ice by The Kills.[6][7][8][9]
Ribisi played Marius in the Amazon series Sneaky Pete. The pilot was created and produced by David Shore and Bryan Cranston, who also starred in the series. It was added to Amazon in 2015 and was picked up for ten of each episodes in 2016. The series premiered on January 13, 2017.[10]
Personal life [ edit ]
Ribisi married actress Mariah O'Brien in 1997[11] and together they have one daughter, Lucia.[12][13] The couple divorced in 2001. In 2007, he began a relationship with indie rock singer-songwriter Chan Marshall. The couple lived together for five years before ending their relationship in 2012.[14] Ribisi married English model Agyness Deyn on June 16, 2012, and filed for divorce in January 2015.[15][16][17]
Ribisi is an active Scientologist.[18][19] He participated in the gala opening of Scientology's Psychiatry: An Industry of Death museum in December 2005.[20] His twin sister, Marissa, is also a Scientologist. She is married to musician Beck, another Scientologist.[21]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Video games [ edit ]
Music videos [ edit ]
Accolades [ edit ]
Jadi booti: literally, roots and plants, the extracts from the roots of plants and shrubs generally defined as herbs, popularly ascribed to India's many-limbed kingdoms of green
Mythologised, problematised, proselytised, traditional herbs are a national (and international) obsession and a huge industry worth around Rs 9,000 crore, according to National Medicinal Plant Board of India estimates. From the verdant, Naxal- ridden district of Bastar in Chhattisgarh where Bastar champagne (a rare beverage made from the sulfi tree) and tasty fruits called kurlu are found, a much-publicised local form of Viagra (a rare indigenous variety of safed musli) has made a name for itself—through a man who has been translating the bounties of the jungle for more than a decade.
“They call me ‘The Father of Safed Musli',” says 50-year-old Rajaram Tripathi, a strapping figure in kurta and jeans, pale and Brahminical-looking in publicity shots from a couple of decades ago, now tanned and very much a son of the soil. “It combats diabetes, and rejuvenates your entire system, reverses metabolism. People will slowly say, after you eat it for three or four months, that your wrinkles have lifted.” Big talk? Local Tribals are said to have lived longer and better on traditional health practices, using the abundant herbs and roots at their disposal to stay vital and virile.
“I felt like Alice in Wonderland,” Tripathi says of his first experience with the jungle's potent flora, when we meet him on one of his 10 farms. We walk through long, vertiginous rows of trees in his ethno-medico forest, stopping to pluck some sarpagandha (Rauvolfia serpentina, used to create blood pressure drugs) off the plant; look at a velvety- leaved plant which cures stomach problems; identify annatto (Bixa orellena), the richest source of vitamin E. He rattles off Latin names like they are actresses' names or stock market darlings.
Tripathi, a bank worker turned agricultural entrepreneur and Bastar boy born and raised, has turned a cottage industry with one farm into a 10 acre, Rs 40-crore-a-year (Rs 10 crore domestic) herbal empire in Kondagaon district: the aptly named Maa Danteshwari Herbal Products (MDHP), extending as far as Ethiopia, Gulf countries and the Netherlands. (The Tribal nature goddess Danteshwari is worshipped in the area.) Functioning as a collective, MDHP employs 300 Tribal families and works with around 22,000 farmers over 1,000 acres.
It all began with a rare variety of safed musli (Chlorophytum borivilianum), a herb with lanceolate leaves found in natural forests from east Assam to Gujarat and abundant here, its roots used medicinally as a source of virility (through the saponins and alkaloids they contain), setting him on a path of 17 years of “organic herbal medicinal and aromatic farming”.
“The biodiversity of this place is so great, endangered species thrive here. There are 60 varieties of safed musli, of which one endangered species grows here [MDB-13 and 14]. I only work with this one,” says the entrepreneur, who has taken bare land back into the folds of the jungle. “I got organic certification from Germany, and Japanese agriculture [authorities] gave me certification that Ecocert [an inspection and certification body established in France in 1991] was not providing at that time.” The products rely on natural pest controls like neem and spiders, and feature ‘gold' varieties.
Winning the Royal Bank of Scotland Earth Hero Award in 2012 and various national prizes such as the Desh Seva Ratna Award, Tripathi has been honoured by former President Abdul Kalam and has met the BJP's LK Advani and Rajnath Singh, his self-devised PR package proclaims. Trained in natural ingredients in Rotterdam and invited to speak at nature expos in Dubai, participating in herbal trade conferences everywhere from Jhansi to Japan, this single-minded businessman farmer is constantly at work.
Officials and local media in Chhattisgarh's capital Raipur applaud Tripathi's industry not just on its own merit, but because it offers an option to Tribals trapped in India's so-called ‘red corridor', even if they are critical of his PR. For, not much has changed in the way of infrastructure for Tribals in the last decade or so; rampant Naxalite guerilla warfare gathers many of the disaffected into its grip, seeking control of their lands.
“Bastar has historically been an under- served area in terms of health services. Kondagaon district contains some of the most remote and forested areas in the district,” says Sulakshana Nandi, a healthcare worker of the Jan Swasthya Abhiyan, the Indian circle of the People's Health Movement (a worldwide movement for health and equitable development), who has worked for 12 years in this area. “People are poor and are rapidly losing control of natural resources like forests that they have depended upon for generations. This exacerbates the poor status of health in that area.” Tripathi's effort is one of the few to bring Tribals together in a sustainable collective asserting their connection to the land.
“Naxalites are the excuse for much that doesn't happen in Bastar,” he says, speaking to media coverage around violence in this region of about 10,000 sq km. ‘This is the only sustainable solution for Bastar and other [similar] regions,' he says in his mission statement. It cites the 6,000 to 7,000 Indian medicinal plants used in Ayurveda, Siddha, Unani and Homoeopathy practices; about 960 species in trade, 178 of them annually consumed in excess of 100 tonnes for an output of about Rs 10,000 crore, exports being upwards of Rs 1,000 crore. (World figures are projected to reach trillions by 2050). Of course, violence is reported daily and there are unexploded bombs people fear discovering, but this doesn't mean people shouldn't visit this beautiful part of the world, he opines, hinting at a resort in the works.
Water flows through Raipur's plush airport under plexiglass panels, and through Chhattisgarh's rural lands in the monsoon. Creosote puddles of water, sopping soil, rainbows just out of reach: here is the Bastar of villages, providing produce and profit. Yet it is ‘Jindal's army', the local nickname for the metal men who decorate the airport, that presides over ‘Credible Chhattisgarh', the steel state's hilarious take on the ‘Incredible India' campaign. Development is paramount in this 14-year-old state (carved out of Madhya Pradesh) that produces more than 15 per cent of India's steel and has been setting new benchmarks for rapid development; Tripathi and herbal entrepreneurs like him compete with a variety of concerns as they vie for governmental attention.
Raipur, an aspirational second-tier city of around 200 sq km steadily pumped with the steel wealth that passes through, is the kind of place where you want to read the T-shirt: ‘When Money Talks You Don't Listen To Its Accent', as one local's says. The city plays a doctored version of the national anthem before movie screenings, featuring local politicians, which everyone stands for. Its local restaurants, often christened ‘Madrasi', compete with the usual low-cost fast food outlets, and it has eight frequently- visited malls. A new Hyatt on a promotional rate of Rs 3,000 a room per night has been sold out for two weeks, its management tells us. The state's roads are neat and traversed in an orderly manner, still smoothly paved as they head into nearby Bhilai, the steel industry hub, or scenic rural parts. Naya Raipur, or New Raipur, lies 17 km away, about 8,000 hectares spread out over 41 villages, planned to house 450,000 residents; India's fourth planned capital city (after Gujarat's Gandhinagar, Punjab's Chandigarh and Odisha's Bhubaneshwar) with a Rs 2,000 crore budget, according to reports.
“Sab chahiye [I want everything],” says our driver, who once drove a lorry, now drives a car, and will soon drive a bus, he vows. Second-tier city India is always looking in all directions, as are its architects. Land is the big challenge for them and for Tripathi: he needs more to fully capitalise on expanding demand. So do the state'sTribals, who try to keep pace.
One of seven brothers, Tripathi and his extended family, 40 or so of them, are all farmers. He was a State Bank of India (SBI) probationary officer in 1989, a college professor in the past, he says. “I had lots of jobs. After three years, a promotion was waiting for me at SBI. I was a good officer, there were good career prospects. People said, ‘People are committing suicide in agriculture and you are joining?' But when I was at the bank, I saw the economic viability of krishi (agriculture). If you take the price of land, you have to classify this as expenses. And if there is debit, there is credit.” He chose the Grameen Bank model and studied 17 conventional crops, showing the results to National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD). Loans resulted, and steady if slow growth.
Every year, 20 million tonnes of produce is stored in various storage sheds on Tripathi's 10 farms; his processing unit is 100,000 sq ft. Agriculture Information, an online and print agrarian resource, mentions Tripathi's work with varieties of lemon grass (MDL-14) and stevia (MDS- 13 and 14) as well, and boasts of Tripathi's tie-ups with multinational companies. His Ethiopia project is in its first phase: 14,000 acres for high-value herbal farming, with the Lootah group of companies. Tie-ups with American and European companies are in the works, he says. A guestbook is signed by visitors from the US, Japan and other countries, not to mention countless visitors from all over India, usually in large groups; the company provides consultancy services to corporate entities that want to develop high value herbal farms. A tissue culture lab continues his experimental laboratory work; species like Guggul (Commifora wightii) and Vacha (Acorus calamus) were commercialised here.
“There were 15 years of mistakes,” says Tripathi, who was born in Kaknar, Jagdalpur, to a family which suffered the misfortunes farmers are vulnerable to. “Tribals have one guru with 20 students; I had 20 gurus.” Abundantly educated— he has earned a BSc and an LLB in corporate law, MAs in Economics, Hindi and History, an Ayurved Ratna from Allahabad, an Ayurved Bhishgacharya from the World Academy of Ayurved (WAA)—he seems endlessly ambitious. His small bedroom, in a humble yet relatively affluent home decorated with Bastar's ubiquitous wrought iron work, is lined with books. “Those books I have read,” he says, pointing to shelves of academic- looking botanical books in Hindi, “and those I am going to read”—another section of faded covers.
“He was top in everything,” says wife Shipra, who had a “love cum arranged” marriage with the man she met at university. A Tribal of the Kamar community (Gonds are also populous here), she doesn't call her husband by name, like many here, though her children are studying in Raipur and they have some of the trappings of modernity: computer, phone, rough terrain car. Tripathi is saved as ‘Father ji' on her phone. Part of MDHP's management, Shipra is secretary of Samagra Adivasi Medicinal Plant Development Association (SAMPDA), a green NGO Tripathi founded ‘for total herbal revolution', and involved with local women's groups. Except for her features, her Tribal identity seems vestigial, like with many here; only older women go without sari blouses and bear tattoos.
Tripathi has raised several other commanders in his green army. He says he employs five experts who have studied medicinal plants at the doctorate level or are biotech engineers, 14 marketing experts and 10 managers. When more manpower is needed, all members pitch in to make up a workforce of around 1,000 people. “We don't have a fixed salary,” he explains. “We distribute weekly or monthly honorariums to all our team members, including me, as per our work and responsibilities; from Rs 6,000 to 10,000 monthly. ‘Employees' is not a suitable word. We say ‘associate tribal families'; 1,500 people are getting their livelihood from this farming.”
Dasmati Netam, from Keyoti 10 km away, leads a production team; an ambitious 36-year-old woman, she is head of MDHP's All Tribal Women groups and President of SAMPDA. Unlike the other Tribals, known for their reticence, she has studied outside the state and speaks up often about her work, taking us home for rice wine. As the apparent leader of her village, she exudes confidence. “I'd like to go outside again,” she says, already seeming to have left its crude wooden fences behind.
What is Tripathi's biggest challenge, aside from the need for more land? “Marketing. In India, until Amitabh Bachchan or Aamir Khan eats these things, people don't.” Indeed, his main marketing platform is Central Herbal Agro Marketing Federation of India (CHAMF-INDIA); a far cry from Organic India domain. “And the next step is backward linkage,” he continues. “Our fight is with middlemen. Now we have negotiation power—ashwamgandha , for example, no one will sell less than 100 kg. If they do, we will blacklist them. We have to control the market. If everyone grows safed musli, who will buy it?”
Tripathi is set to launch ‘certified organic food supplements' in select towns of Chhattisgarh before taking these to other parts of India. He projects sales of Rs 6 crore for these ‘value-added' products. His teas and powders may look a little too rustic for the urbane consumer, but they are tasty and seem to find takers among the believers they are aimed at; the sales figure may well be realised.
With success, however, has come criticism. MDHP's annual growth rate may be upwards of 14 per cent, but there are rumours of loans that were defaulted on, say sources in Chhattisgarh who feel he is encroaching on ‘jungle wala zameen' (forest land); Tripathi refutes this, saying he paid the loan off two months ago. Tribals who have farmed for many years can get patta (legal registration papers), but he is not one, say others. Yet, Tribals may have found their most viable leader in the bank worker who put his hands to work on the land of his birth.
In his mission statement, Tripathi offers 10 acres for a pilot conservation project across neighbouring states. Will the rumble spread through his jungle? Time may prove harsh, but for now he is effusive. During our walk, he spots a long- tailed bird and we crouch till it takes off, feathers streaming. He asks us to close our eyes for two minutes, and while the gesture is stagey, the sound of green is unadulterated. “Take two deep breaths,” he says, beaming.
If you have any experience with procedural generation then you've probably at least heard of Perlin noise and/or Simplex noise. Both of these are examples of “coherent” noise (basically continuous noise that also always produces the same output for a given input). Noise can be defined for any number of dimensions (most commonly 2 and 3), and is used for procedurally generated textures and terrain (where the bright areas might become hills and the dark areas might become valleys).
The first of the two, Perlin noise, is an older algorithm developed by Ken Perlin in 1983. While it can definitely be used to create some great effects, it has the downside of having noticeable grid artifacts due to its underlying cubic lattice. These artifacts are seen as strong directional tendencies in 2D slices of noise, as well as visual differences between integer-valued and non-integer-valued slices of 3D+ noise. [Images generated using an implementation of Ken Perlin's 2002 improvement upon the old algorithm]
Then Ken Perlin came out with Simplex Noise in 2001. Simplex Noise did a lot as far as resolving the directional artifacts goes, by switching to a different lattice structure. It was also faster, especially in higher dimensions. The downside is, of course, that the 3D-and-higher variants of Perlin's Simplex noise are patent-encumbered, knocking their viability for independent developers down to basically zero. [Image: 2D slice of 3D Simplex noise, credit Stefan Gustavson]
Our game needs 3D noise for terrain generation, particularly cave generation and cliff/arch/overhang generation. That leaves us with two options: Take the easier and less-interesting route and deal with the artifacts of Perlin noise, or create something new. So I took the latter route, and developed a new noise algorithm for us to use called OpenSimplex noise.
The algorithm borrows the surflet summation idea from Simplex noise, but is based off of the lattice of a Simplectic Honeycomb instead of a skewed scissor-simplex lattice, and uses a slightly larger surflet radius. The result is a noise algorithm that, while isn't as fast as Simplex noise, seems to beat Perlin noise in basically every speed-test I give it (Late edit: After further tests I retract this), and avoids significant cardinal-axis bias just like Simplex noise does. Below is a sample render (2D Slice of 3D).
If you'd like to try the algorithm out for yourself, or perhaps even use it in something, feel free. Here's the code for a 3D implementation in Java, as well as a sample class you can use to test it quickly: https://gist.github.com/KdotJPG/b1270127455a94ac5d19
Play around with it and see what kind of effects you can create! Apply various functions to the output, do things with multiple differently-seeded instances, create animations by making the z value increment each frame, etc.
Stay tuned for the 4D implementation! I'll be making another post on this blog once I get that ready.
People in Asian countries that were brutalized by imperial Japan had warned that a presidential apology at Hiroshima would be inappropriate. Mr. Obama not only did not apologize, he made clear that Japan, despite a highly advanced culture, was to blame for the war, which “grew out of the same base instinct for domination or conquest that had caused conflicts among the simplest tribes.”
In his speech, the Japanese prime minister, Shinzo Abe, said, “This tragedy must not be allowed to occur again.”
“We are determined to realize a world free of nuclear weapons,” he said.
American veterans groups had a mostly muted response, neither criticizing nor endorsing Mr. Obama's visit and remarks. Joe Davis, a spokesman in Washington for the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the oldest veterans organization in the United States, issued a brief statement saying “a world without conflict is a vision we should all share.”
Mr. Obama's visit to Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park had all the pomp, ceremony and planned choreography of a state visit or a leader's funeral. With thousands in attendance and much of Japan watching on TV, Mr. Obama walked forward alone at the park and laid a wreath on a white pyramid. He paused before the memorial's cenotaph, his head bowed.
A moment later, Mr. Abe approached with his own wreath, which he laid beside Mr. Obama's on another pyramid. After a moment's reflection, the two leaders shook hands — a clear signal of the extraordinary alliance their two nations had forged out of the ashes of war.
Mr. Obama's decision to visit Hiroshima was in part intended to reward Mr. Abe for his efforts to improve ties and forge a closer military relationship between the two countries. The recent slaying of a young woman on Okinawa, and the arrest of an American Marine veteran in the crime, has once again strained those ties, but coordination between the two nations' militaries continues to intensify.
Mr. Obama also saw the visit as a testament to mankind's ability to forge beyond even the most intense of enmities. Before arriving in Japan, Mr. Obama visited Vietnam, where he lifted a longstanding arms embargo.
The Witcher 3's 588MB day one patch improves the frame rate found in the Xbox One version, but comes at the cost of various visual elements, including shadows, texture filtering, and the playback of pre-rendered cutscenes, according to a report by Digital Foundry.
After comparing the game before and after the day one patch, Digital Foundry states that applying the Xbox One patch introduces "aggressive stuttering" to the game's pre-rendered cutscenes, causing videos to play as low as 22fps.
Texture filtering during the initial tutorial sequence is also said to have been "downgraded" after installing the patch, leading to blurrier textures. The site claims that this isn't an issue beyond the opening sequence, however.
Shadows are said to have been affected by the patch, too, with some shadows "missing in spots on patch 1.01". The site speculates that the difference could be linked to the optimisation of draw distances.
Frame rate, however, is alleged to have been improved, with the game said to at 30fps or above for the most part. The dynamic resolution introduced in the patch doesn't appear to offer much improvement over the earlier 900p target, however, with Digital Foundry stating that the Xbox One version only seemed to render at full 1080p during the title screen and pre-rendered cutscenes. The game is believed to run at native 1080p on PS4.
There is no doubt that Ralph McQuarrie's sublime art was fundamental in shaping the success of Star Wars, and enriching the galaxy far, far away. For years his work has been archived and championed, but a new book is collecting some of his best (and some of his rarest) Star Wars art in a lavish volume, and we've got an exclusive look inside.
Out today from Abrams Books, Star Wars Art: Ralph McQuarrie is a comprehensive guide to the artists incredible body of work for Star Wars—containing unpublished interviews, insight from colleagues, and two thousand illustrations across two hardcover volumes, encased in a box featuring McQuarrie's iconic early concept art of C-3PO and R2-D2 on Tatooine.
Advertisement
The art, some being reprinted for the very first time, includes covers McQuarrie's concept work from the original Star Wars trilogy and beyond—portfolio work, matte paintings, merchandise art and even his famous Lucasfilm company cards. It's an unprecedented tribute to his place in the Star Wars saga, and now you can see some of the art included inside, making its debut here on io9. Don't forget to click the magnifier in the corner of each image to enlarge it!
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Star Wars Art: Ralph McQuarrie is available now, for $250.
There were some potentially pivotal results in the Premier League this weekend with leaders Chelsea, Arsenal and Manchester United all firming up their positions in the top four.
And down at the bottom there were also some big wins that have dramatically tightened up the fight to avoid relegation.
Arsenal's 4-1 victory over Liverpool was the stand-out result in terms of the race for a Champions League place with Manchester United's 3-1 win against Aston Villa adding to Liverpool's difficulties in their fading pursuit of a top-four finish.
Leicester's 2-1 win over West Ham and QPR's 4-1 success at West Bromwich Albion have given them fresh hope in their efforts to beat the drop, while Sunderland's 1-0 nervy success over Newcastle gave the Black Cats welcome breathing space.
Here are the players who I thought excelled in my team of the week:
GOALKEEPER - Asmir Begovic (Stoke)
Begovic made nine saves in all against Chelsea. Only Hull stopper Boaz Myhill has made more in a game this season (13 v Man Cities in March)
I cannot name my goalkeeper for my TOTW without giving a mention to Tim Howard's two superb first-half saves for Everton against Southampton. However I've had to go for Stoke's Asmir Begovic, who from the first Chelsea attack in Stoke's 2-1 defeat knew it was going to be a long evening for the Potters. Begovic had to be very alert to stop the likes of Eden Hazard and Willian from adding even more goals to the two Chelsea managed. The double save from Juan Cuadrado had Jose Mourinho beating the ground with frustration.
DEFENDER - Hector Bellerin (Arsenal)
Hector Bellerin has scored more Premier League goals (two) than Mario Balotelli (one) this season
What a goal from the teenager. Arsenal have had some great left-backs in their time but I can't remember Kenny Sansom or Ashley Cole producing such cultured finishing during their time at Highbury. Hector Bellerin's superb finish was the start of Liverpool's torturous afternoon, as they were beaten 4-1. He may have given away the penalty for a foul on Raheem Sterling but the youngster appears very comfortable in this star-spangled Arsenal side and quite capable of filling some very big shoes.
DEFENDER - John O'Shea (Sunderland)
John O'Shea has faced Newcastle 19 times in the Premier League and never been on the losing side (W14 D5)
This performance by Sunderland against Newcastle at the Stadium of Light was almost unrecognisable from the one that saw the Black Cats lose so badly at home to Aston Villa. At the heart of both games was John O'Shea who was at his commanding best against Newcastle. If Dick Advocaat can inspire such clear emotion in Jermain Defoe, who scored the winner against Newcastle, and such desire in his captain, then Sunderland look odds-on to retain their Premier League status.
DEFENDER - Phil Jagielka (Everton)
Phil Jagielka netted his third league goal of the season, just one shy of his best ever Premier League return (four in 2006-07)
Everton have had a difficult season, largely because of the impact of the Europa League. I also get the feeling that a belated return to form of three of their most important players, Tim Howard, Leighton Baines and Phil Jagielka, after an intense World Cup campaign has been crucial to their recent run of games. Jagielka's performance for England versus Italy in midweek was impressive, and his contribution for Everton was just as important in a 1-0 win over Southampton as part of a defence that has returned to keeping clean sheets, and Jagielka is getting his share of goals again.
MIDFIELD - Lee Cattermole (Sunderland)
Cattermole went through the entire match against Newcastle without conceding a foul, something he has only done in two other Premier Leagues games this season
This was one of the most keenly contested North East derbies I've seen for some time. I could have selected any member of the Sunderland back five in my TOTW such was their commitment in their battle to secure all the points. However, one of the stand-out players in the heart of Sunderland's midfield was Lee Cattermole. It was his continuing interventions that provided the Wearsiders with the impetus and the bite to keep Newcastle at bay. A battling performance if ever I saw one.
MIDFIELD - Joey Barton (QPR)
Barton scored his first Premier League goal since April 2014
This was a game QPR had to win and they needed a cool-headed Joey Barton back in the heart of their team to do it. The tackle on Saido Berahino, followed by an even better challenge on Darren Fletcher, which led to the corner from which Charlie Austin scored QPR's second goal, told you all you needed to know about where the captain's intentions were. Barton was then felled by Youssouf Mulumbu in a way that might have seen other players leave the field, only to recover and put the game beyond the Baggies with a well-taken finish himself. If QPR can keep Barton out of trouble and focused on the task in hand, he can lead QPR to safety.
MIDFIELD - Ander Herrera (Manchester United)
Herrera's brace was his first in league football for either Manchester United or Athletic Bilbao
This is another player who is slowly finding his feet at Old Trafford. It's not been an easy transition for the Spaniard but the two goals he scored against an outclassed Aston Villa will go a long way to giving him the confidence he needs to continue pushing United for that crucial top-four place.
MIDFIELD - Wayne Rooney (Manchester United)
Wayne Rooney has scored more Premier League goals against Aston Villa (13) than versus any other opponent
What a goal by the Manchester United captain against Aston Villa and a testimony to his desire and commitment to his club and country. Let us not forget that this has been a period where Wayne Rooney has led England, having played a starring role against Lithuania and Italy, prior to returning home to continue the theme for Manchester United. No sob stories about niggles or fatigue, just a genuine Englishman proud to perform his duty. This lad is an exceptional professional footballer and a throwback to the days when footballers played with knocks and tiredness was a symptom of the job, not treated like some ailment.
FORWARD - Eden Hazard (Chelsea)
Eden Hazard completed eight dribbles against Stoke, the best for a player this weekend
There was a time when Jose Mourinho was talking about Eden Hazard as the best young player in Europe. Well, based on Hazard's performance against Stoke, the enigmatic Chelsea boss may be right. The Belgian was practically unplayable during a momentous display of individual brilliance. It was only a moment of sheer impertinence by Stoke's Charlie Adam that took the entire attention away from the star of the show and that was undoubtedly Hazard.
FORWARD - Bafetimbi Gomis (Swansea)
Gomis has scored more goals (three) in his last two Premier League appearances than he did in his first 25 (two)
Here is a player who is taking complete advantage of the departure of Wilfried Bony to Manchester City and filling the void admirably. He took both his goals in the 3-1 win over Hull extremely well but I have to say without the appalling decision by referee Andre Marriner to send the Tigers' David Meyler off for what appeared to be a run-of-the-mill tackle, the outcome for Bafetimbi Gomis and for Swansea might have been very different. But we can't blame Gomis for that.
FORWARD - Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal)
Sanchez has had a hand in 31 goals in all competitions for Arsenal this season (20 goals, 11 assists); nine more than anyone else
The Chilean just blew Liverpool away. Once again Alexis Sanchez produced some blistering football in a 90-minute display by Arsenal that must have left Tottenham fans very concerned about a possible League and cup double by their north London rivals. Can you imagine? It's enough to make you want to cry!
The equally stunning and talented Canadian actress Emmanuelle Vaugier, who could most recently be seen on the finale of Two and a Half Men, took part in our readers' series and answered your most pressing questions. In-between getting ready for the premiere of the last season of Lost Girl — a Canadian supernatural drama television show that has gained an impressive cult following, and on which Vaugier plays the clever and manipulative Evony, the leader of the dark Fae, who enjoys nothing more than exploiting both humans and fairies — and organizing campaigns for her charity, The Fluffball, the self-described easygoing and dorky animal lover addressed your queries about her career, her organization, and what she likes to do when she's not on set. Read on to find out what she had to say!
Tapan Pal from India asks: You recently featured in the series finale of Two and a Half Men. How was it working on that set — can you share something about working with both Charlie Sheen and Ashton Kutcher?
Emmanuelle Vaugier: I've been a part of the show on and off since season two, so coming back for the finale was a lot of fun. It was great to get to see everyone again.
Tina from New Jersey asks: With Lost Girl coming to a close soon, I was wondering what you will miss the most about being on the show. Is it hard to say goodbye to everyone on set?
EV: The cast and crew are what I am going to miss the most. We really had a wonderful group of people, and we all really genuinely loved working together. Luckily, the cast keeps in touch, and I'm sure we will all end up working together on various shows in the future.
Rashida Kapadia from Dubai asks: Will we be able to see more of Evony/The Morrigan in the last eight episodes of Season 5 of Lost Girl, and can you tell us a little more about what to expect from those final episodes?
EV: You will definitely see the Morrigan in season 5 of Lost Girl. A more vulnerable, human side of Evony is definitely present in the final episodes…but not without her signature sarcasm and humor peppered throughout!
Djenneta Satlykova from Moscow, Russia asks: Which character traits of the Morrigan do you admire the most?
EV: Her strength.
Beck Brock from Alabama asks: From what I've read, you give so much to charity by donating what was used on set, such as your wardrobe and props. I'm curious, though, what was one thing that you have kept from the set of Lost Girl that you would never give up (and why)?
EV: The riding boots I wore in season 5 — only because I use those a lot [laughs]!
Kim Simpson from Fredericksburg, Virginia asks: Was there any specific catalyst (other than your love for animals) that inspired you to create your foundation, The Fluffball? And where do you plan to take your foundation in coming years?
EV: I believe that it's important to give back. Creating The Fluffball was my way of bringing people together to raise awareness and money for a cause very close to my heart. I hope to grow my foundation to where we are able to throw events around the country and abroad and raise awareness for all kinds of animal causes.
Andreia Rodrigues from Portugal asks: If you could choose any part in any movie or TV show (still on or not), what would it be and why?
EV: Angelina Jolie's role in Mr. and Mrs. Smith. It's the perfect combo of action, drama and comedy…and for me that equals fun. I want to have fun on whatever it is I am working on.
Susie from Indiana asks: If you could work with any actor or actress in the world, who would it be and why?
EV: Robert Downey Jr. He is so incredibly talented and charismatic.
Amanda from New York asks: Many people lead busy lives where work sometimes dictates one's day-to-day choices, yourself included. What do you do in your spare time that is a way of distancing yourself from that world? In other words, what do you enjoy doing outside of being on set?
EV: I spend a lot of time riding horses and hanging out with my dogs. I'm also passionate about animal causes, so a lot of my focus gets pulled toward that.
Sandra from Missouri asks: Seeing as Lost Girl is in its final season, can you share with us what you will be working on next?
EV: I am busy organizing the Fourth Annual Fluffball, my charity event to be held in Los Angeles on Saturday, October 3rd to benefit the Animal Hope and Wellness Foundation. We need YOU! We've launched a Crowdrise campaign to raise money for the Fourth Annual Fluffball. Check out our page to join our team.
Donate at least $30 and you'll receive a signed photo of me.
Want to get more involved? Join our team and enlist the support of your friends and family to raise the most money for The Fluffball. We will select one winner who has raised the most money by September 5, 2015 to receive two tickets to attend The Fluffball event in Los Angeles (travel and accommodations not included; tickets are non-transferable).
If you'd like to donate to the Fourth Annual Fluffball, click here. For more information about Emmanuelle Vaugier, you can visit her official Web site or follow her on Twitter @evaugier. “Lost Girl” returns April 17 on Syfy. || Featured image: Photo Credit: Marc Kayne.
“It's the DJ's job to get the crowd out of their heads and into their bodies.” Key word here is “job” — as in you'll have to get a real one unless you follow your dreams and set the Hollywood nighttime world on fire. Here's the first full trailer for We Are Your Friends, starring Zac Efron as Cole, an aspiring DJ who can't stand the thought of having to “live and die in the Valley.” He spends his time toiling over that one unfailing track, that killer cut that will propel him into the EDM stratosphere. An older DJ (Wes Bentley) takes the talented kid under his wing and shows him the way to a future in spinning. One thing: Cole is getting exponentially chummier with his mentor's girlfriend (Emily Ratajkowski). Meanwhile, while the kid's ties to his loyal buddies begin to fray.
Max Joseph directs the film, which he co-wrote with Meaghan Oppenheimer, from a story by Richard Silverman. Working Title produced it with funding from Studiocanal, which will distribute in key overseas markets. Warner Bros drops We Are Your Friends stateside on August 28.
Well, that came out of nowhere.
In a shocking turn of events, Paul George will be headed to Oklahoma City to join forces with the league's MVP, Russell Westbrook. It had been rumored that George would wind up in Boston, Cleveland, or Los Angeles, but in the end, Oklahoma City was offering the best package in return.
Headlining that package is former Indiana Hoosier star Victor Oladipo, who was the second-leading scorer on last year's Thunder team.
Now, Oladipo will take his talents back to the Hoosier state, the very place where he first became a household name. The 6-foot-4 guard was a fan-favorite at Indiana from 2010-2013; earning Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year and All-American honors in his senior season.
He was taken 2nd overall in the 2013 NBA Draft by the Orlando Magic.
Per Ramona Shelburne of ESPN, Oladipo was packaged with another lottery pick in return for George, as Domantas Sabonis will also be heading to the Pacers. Sabonis, a Gonzaga Bulldogs product, is the son of former Trail Blazers' star Arvydas Sabonis.
Paul George coming to Oklahoma City via trade, I can confirm. Oladipo and Sabonis headed to Indy. @ramonashelburne first reported. — Sam Amick (@sam_amick) July 1, 2017
While some Pacers' fans may believe the team could have gotten more in return, the prospect of having an Indiana legend will certainly help put people in the seats.
Oladipo will join Glenn Robinson III (Michigan) as the only two Big Ten products on the Pacers' roster.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump gives a thumbs-up as he arrives at a rally at the South Point Hotel & Casino on February 22, 2016 in Las Vegas, Nevada. | Getty Trump nabs endorsement from Pennsylvania Rep. Tom Marino Marino is the fifth member of Congress to declare support for Trump.
Rep. Tom Marino, a Republican from the northeastern corner of Pennsylvania, is jumping on the Trump train.
Marino on Monday became the fifth sitting member of Congress to publicly throw his support to Donald Trump, as the Republican front-runner rolls toward Super Tuesday. In an exclusive interview Monday with POLITICO, Marino, a former prosecutor, said Trump has “overwhelming support” in his district because “he's the man for the unprotected ... not the protected, not for the Wall Street people, not for the DC insiders, but for the hard-working taxpayers.”
Story Continued Below
The congressman called endorsing Trump “one of my life-changing moments” — along with quitting his job at 30 to go to college and law school, adopting his children, and deciding to run for Congress in 2010.
The Pennsylvanian shrugged off suggestions that Trump would damage the Republican Party's electoral prospects in November, or that Trump's own recent statements would damage him. “There will be many people now who say that if Trump's [the nominee], I'm not going to vote," Marino said. "And that's just emotion at this point.”
“Donald Trump is saying what the voters agree on and what the voters are feeling,” Marino said, adding that voters are angry at the political system generally.
"How's it going for us now?" Marino asked rhetorically. "Over the last 20 years, over the last Republican and Democrat presidents, senators as presidents, governors as president, career politicians as president."
Marino contrasted Trump's startling success this primary season with an event several years ago that he said epitomized the disdain Washington elites have for average voters. During debate on a border security bill nearly two years ago, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi allegedly told Marino he was "insignificant."
Marino said he wasn't courted by Trump or anyone else, nor is he looking for anything from Trump. “No one's courted me," he said. "I'm just a third term congressman from rural Pennsylvania.”
He joins Republican Reps. Duncan Hunter (Calif.) and Chris Collins (N.Y.) and Sen. Jeff Sessions (Ala.) in officially endorsing Trump, while Rep. Scott DesJarlais (R-Tenn.) declared Monday that he voted for Trump in his state's primary.
Trump has come under heavy fire in the last two days for not immediately renouncing former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke's support in a TV interview. But Marino, citing Trump's daughter Ivanka's religion, said Trump isn't racist.
“Trump's daughter, who converted to Judaism in 2009 -- I don't think Trump has any feelings and concerns about the KKK, other than he doesn't like them," Marino said. "He renounces them and given the fact that he supported his daughter in that move shows that.”
Sunday's comments weren't the first that could come back to bite Trump in a general election, though. He kicked off his campaign with inflammatory remarks about Mexican immigrants, and Trump has repeatedly insulted women and other groups on the campaign trail.
Marino said it won't be a problem. “He's working very hard on that and I think he's going to pick up more minorities," Marino said. "Is he going to run away with overwhelming percentages? Probably not but he doesn't need overwhelming percentages.”
Nor is Marino concerned with any negative fallout from endorsing Trump. “I'm a prosecutor, I've been threatened by drug dealers, organized crime ... Nothing here matches that,” Marino said. He also shrugged off the allegations that Trump himself had organized crime ties through past construction projects.
“They tried to spread around that I was involved in organized crime because I have a vowel at the end of my name," Marino said.
Subscribe to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX
A store owner shot a suspect and foiled a robbery at the Asian Garden Mall in Westminster Monday.
Westminster Police received multiple 911 reports of a robbery in progress at 1:10 p.m. Monday at Tick Tock Fine Watches in the Asian Garden Mall at 9200 Bolsa Avenue near Moran Street.
Two suspects allegedly entered the store and attempted a take-over robbery. At least one of the suspects was armed. Police said one of the suspects was in a wheelchair as a ruse.
The suspects ordered employees and patrons to the ground. One of the store's owners, who was in the back of the store, retrieved his own gun and repeatedly ordered 33-year-old Harold Eugene Walker of Gardena to drop his gun. When Walker did not, the owner shot him in the head.
Walker and 57-year-old Ernie Jerome Robinson, also of Gardena, then fled the store on foot. The wounded suspect made a "feeble" attempt to flee but was unable to get far in his wounded condition, said Westminster Police Sgt. Cameron Knauerhaze.
One suspect was apprehended attempting to scale a wall by a Westminster Police patrol sergeant in the parking lot. That suspect was suffering from a gunshot wound to the face.
The facially wounded suspect was transported to UCI Medical Center in critical condition, according to the Orange County Fire Authority. The second suspect was hospitalized at Fountain Valley Medical Center for a pre-existing medical problem. He was not injured in the incident.
Police officers searched the mall and the surrounding area for other suspects.
The investigation revealed that a third suspect in a getaway car was still at large Monday afternoon. Police were looking for a 2008-2010 silver 4-door Honda Accord with a black male driver.
No one else was injured in the incident.
A gun, bag holding gloves and sledgehammer were recovered at the scene.
Anyone with information related to the case should contact the Westminster Police Dept. at (714) 898-3315 or Orange County Crime Stoppers at (855) TIP-OCCS or OCCrimestoppers.org. Callers can remain anonymous.
CEDAR RAPIDS — City officials are hiring a consultant to evaluate its municipal golf operations, which include four popular city-owned courses but ones that lose money every year.
Gardner, Jones, Twin Pines and Ellis Golf Courses have all reopened for the season attracting weather-hardened golf enthusiasts such as Jack Peacock, 76, and Ron Kotaska, 68, who don't mind a blustery morning round while breezing through the front nine at Jones on Monday. The duo said the public courses are well maintained and the price is right, but they should be turned over to the private sector.
“They ought to farm it out, sit back and get the money,” Peacock said driving a ball through the wind to the fairway.
Others fear privatizing the courses would drive up the price, which range from $23 to $45 for adults for 18 holes or $606 to $924 for a season pass, and make it less accessible.
The city is hiring a consultant to study how to make the golf department sustainable, and, if this is not possible, what is the best alternative.
Under consideration are a full spectrum of options from selling off or closing one or more of the courses, leasing to private operators, or if more financial investment can open new revenue streams, such as expanding food and beverage, merchandising, banquets, and off-season activities. Pricing, privatizing maintenance, and whether the golf market is saturated will also be considered.
Cedar Rapids City Council will be presented with a contract for reviewing the golf department, budgeted at $50,000, later this month. The report would be due in early October.
The Cedar Rapids golf department ran $350,000 in the red on average in the three most recent fiscal years, and has a net deficit of $2 million. Taxpayers cover the shortfalls through the general fund.
Additional costs are also on the horizon. The fiscal 2017 budget identifies infrastructure needs, including three new clubhouses — at Ellis, Twin Pines and Gardner — a well and irrigation upgrade at Twin Pines, turf renovation of Gardner and Twin Pines, and parking lot and cart path maintenance.
This year, the city will transfer an extra $260,000 from the general fund, which comes largely from property taxes, to cover the operational deficit with the caveat the department examines ways to become more sustainable. The department has about 10.5 full time and 80 seasonal workers.
“As an enterprise fund it is expected to break even or make money, and we generally don't,” said Sven Leff, Cedar Rapids parks and recreation service director. “It typically requires some subsidy from the city general fund and in a climate where no new taxes, valuations are falling or steady, the city is looking for revenue. We are trying to figure out how to make golf more sustainable.”
The city will explore whether golf should be included in the general fund, the same as aquatics or athletics. Golf is the largest segment of the city's recreation budget revenue and has the second most patronage after aquatics, Leff said.
City officials briefly entertained the idea of selling Twin Pines in 2007. Leff doesn't anticipate the city will sell the courses.
Cedar Rapids' courses compete with a dozen privately-run golf courses and country clubs at a time when golf participation is on the decline and more courses are closing than opening.
The number of rounds golfed at the four Cedar Rapids courses dipped .5 percent in fiscal 2014 to 101,952, and another 5 percent to 96,684 in fiscal 2015, the last full year. The city projects a 3 percent increase in golf rounds in fiscal 2016 and 2017, back up to 102,573 rounds.
ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW ADVERTISEMENT NEWS AND SPORTS The day's top stories right in your inbox. I am above 13 years of age, and agree to sending policies. SIGN ME UP Thank you for signing up for our e-newsletter! You should start receiving the e-newsletters within a couple days.
Participation fluctuates substantially based on the weather, said golf director Lisa Miller. The courses are at the mercy of early and late winters and rainy summers, and half of the holes at Jones close when it floods, she said. The back nine at Jones is closed temporarily for a sewer upgrade.
Cedar Rapids City Councilor Kris Gulick said he supports keeping and operating the golf courses through the city, but would like to see it become more sustainable.
“It's an amenity we need as a community, but how we make it become the most efficient operation we can, is what is important,” Gulick said.
If you are enthusiastic about playing board games, card games, role playing games, or any other kinds of games, and you would like to meet other people who enjoy it too, join us!
Feel free to make your own events – any group member can schedule an event. If you are playing in a public space (e.g. a restaurant), just make sure that you reserve a table and that the staff is OK with games being played :)
Naturally, you are invited to sign up (RSVP) for any of the events posted here. Some events have more of an English-speaking crowd, some more German - usually you can tell by the title and description of the event. If you don't speak any German at all, you'll still be welcome though, just let the people at the event know!
If you have any questions, feel free to contact the (co-)organizers.
A Marietta man was sentenced to 25 years in prison for raping a child inside her Cobb County home, police said Monday.
Alex Gilberto Argueta, 40, pleaded guilty to rape, aggravated assault and cruelty to children in the May 2015 attack. He also got no parole and life on probation.
Argueta's trial was scheduled for Monday, but was cancelled when he entered the plea.
Police say Argueta raped the girl, 11, in her closet about 10 p.m. while her mother was in the next room. He grabbed the child by her neck and threatened to physically harm her if she said anything.
The girl's mother went looking for her daughter after the girl hadn't returned from playing. She found Argueta with his pants down and her daughter partially clothed.
“This is the kind of case that sends chills down your spine,” Assistant District Attorney Susan Treadaway said.
The girl was taken to Children's Healthcare of Atlanta where she was examined.
Argueta was gone by the time police arrived, but DNA testing determined he was a positive match on biological samples taken from the child.
Police did not say how Argueta, who is form Honduras, got into the home. He could be transferred to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (or ICE) custody following his prison term.
Argueta will be required to register as a sex offender if he remains in the U.S.
With the recent questions surrounding the security of TrueCrypt there has been a big push to move away from that program and switch to alternatives. One such alternative, on Linux anyway, is the Linux Unified Key Setup (or LUKS) which allows you to encrypt disk volumes. This guide will show you how to create encrypted file volumes, just like you could use TrueCrypt.
The Differences
There are a number of major differences between TrueCrypt and LUKS that you may want to be aware of:
TrueCrypt supported the concept of hidden volumes, LUKS does not.
TrueCrypt allowed you to encrypt a volume in-place, without losing data, LUKS does not.
TrueCrypt supports cipher cascades where the data is encrypted using multiple different algorithms just in case one of them is broken at some point in the future. As I understand it this is being talked about for the LUKS 2.0 spec but is currently not a feature.
If you are familiar with the terminology in TrueCrypt you can think of LUKS as offering both full disk encryption and standard file containers.
How to create an encrypted LUKS file container
The following steps borrow heavily from a previous post so you should go read that if you want more details on some of the commands below. Also note that while LUKS offers a lot of options in terms of cipher/digest/key size/etc, this guide will try to keep it simple and just use the defaults.
Step 1: Create a file to house your encrypted volume
The easiest way is to run the following commands which will create the file and then fill it with random noise:
# fallocate -l <size> <file to create> # dd if=/dev/urandom of=<file to create> bs=1M count=<size>
For example let's say you wanted a 500MiB file container called MySecrets.img, just run this command:
# fallocate -l 500M MySecrets.img # dd if=/dev/urandom of=MySecrets.img bs=1M count=500
Here is a handy script that you can use to slightly automate this process:
#!/bin/bash NUM_ARGS=$# if [ $NUM_ARGS -ne 2 ] ; then echo Wrong number of arguments. echo Usage: [size in MiB] [file to create] else SIZE=$1 FILE=$2 echo Creating $FILE with a size of ${SIZE}MB # create file fallocate -l ${SIZE}M $FILE #randomize file contents dd if=/dev/urandom of=$FILE bs=1M count=$SIZE fi
Just save the above script to a file, say “create-randomized-file-volume.sh”, mark it as executable and run it like this:
# ./create-randomized-file-volume.sh 500 MySecrets.img
Step 2: Format the file using LUKS + ext4
There are ways to do this in the terminal but for the purpose of this guide I'll be showing how to do it all within gnome-disk-utility. From the menu in Disks, select Disks -> Attach Disk Image and browse to your newly created file (i.e. MySecrets.img).
Be sure to uncheck “Set up read-only loop device”. If you leave this checked you won't be able to format or write anything to the volume. Select the file and click Attach.
This will attach the file, as if it were a real hard drive, to your computer:
Next we need to format the volume. Press the little button with two gears right below the attached volume and click Format. Make sure you do this for the correct ‘drive' so that you don't accidentally format your real hard drive!
From this popup you can select the filesystem type and even name the drive. In the image above the settings will format the drive to LUKS and then create an ext4 filesystem within the encrypted LUKS one. Click Format, confirm the action and you're done. Disks will format the file and even auto-mount it for you. You can now copy files to your mounted virtual drive. When you're done simply eject the drive like normal or (with the LUKS partition highlighted) press the lock button in Disks. To use that same volume again in the future just re-attach the disk image using the steps above, enter your password to unlock the encrypted partition and you're all set.
But I don't even trust TrueCrypt enough to unlock my already encrypted files!
If you're just using TrueCrypt to open an existing file container so that you can copy your files out of there and into your newly created LUKS container I think you'll be OK. That said there is a way for you to still use your existing TrueCrypt file containers without actually using the TrueCrypt application.
First install an application called tc-play. This program works with the TrueCrypt format but doesn't share any of its code. To install it simply run:
# sudo apt-get install tcplay
Next we need to mount your existing TrueCrypt file container. For the sake of this example we'll assume your file container is called TOPSECRET.tc.
We need to use a loop device but before doing that we need to first find a free one. Running the following command
# sudo losetup -f
should return the first free loop device. For example it may print out
/dev/loop0
Next you want to associate the loop device with your TrueCrypt file container. You can do this by running the following command (sub in your loop device if it differs from mine):
# sudo losetup /dev/loop0 TOPSECRET.tc
Now that our loop device is associated we need to actually unlock the TrueCrypt container:
# sudo tcplay -m TOPSECRET.tc -d /dev/loop0
Finally we need to mount the unlocked TrueCrypt container to a directory so we can actually use it. Let's say you wanted to mount the TrueCrypt container to a folder in the current directory called SecretStuff:
# sudo mount -o nosuid,uid=1000,gid=100 /dev/mapper/TOPSECRET.tc SecretStuff/
Note that you should swap your own uid and gid in the above command if they aren't 1000 and 100 respectively. You should now be able to view your TrueCrypt files in your SecretStuff directory. For completeness sake here is how you unmount and re-lock the same TrueCrypt file container when you are done:
# sudo umount SecretStuff/ # sudo dmsetup remove TOPSECRET.tc # sudo losetup -d /dev/loop0
This post originally appeared on my personal website here.
Research Reveals That Single Black Women Have Lower Net Worth Compared to Women of Other Races; Median Wealth Is Only $5
By Victor Ochieng
When it comes to earning, it's widely known that men earn more than women, regardless of race. However, when focusing only on women, black women score very low. A new study report released by Pittsburgh Post Gazette revealed that the median wealth of single black women stands at only $5.
The disparities are alarming. The report released on Monday by a reputable economic research group highlighted a gap that needs to be closed, considering that these are women who would not even think of taking an unpaid sick. In fact, this is the lot that cannot afford a major repair, or a broken home appliance without running into a debt of some sort.
It's seriously alarming when a comparison is done between women of different races. The fact that the median wealth of white women in their prime, between 36 and 49 is $42,600, yet that of single black women is $5 is worrying by any definition.
“Even for those of us who have been looking at the wealth gap for a while, we were shocked and amazed at how little women of color have,” Ms. Lui said.
The report was compiled by the Insight Center for Community Economic Development, an organization stationed in Oakland, California. The data used for the study are from the 2007 Survey of Consumer Finances by the Federal Reserve Board. The board issues similar reports every three years, looking into the finances of every household across the nation.
The report releases the wealth, or net worth, of every household, summing up the value of every asset and then subtracting the value of all debts such as car loans, credit cards, mortgages, and student loans.
The 2007 Survey of Consumer Finances data was released before the recession, meaning that the figures could be more worrying at the moment.
The gaps can be attributed to a number of factors.
“The popular image is they spend too much, which is the reason they are running up credit card and consumer debt, but the cost of living has risen faster than income, and they need to go into debt for basic daily necessities,” Ms. Lui said. “It's compounded because unemployment is twice as high in the black community than it is in the white community.”
On the other hand, the median wealth of black women within the working age, 18-64 years, stands at only $100, while that of Hispanic women is $120. On the other hand, the median wealth for married or cohabitating black women is $31,500 while that of their white peers is $167,500.
“There are excuses and circumstances that have evolved in society, which put black women where they are,” said Esther Bush, executive director of the Urban League of Greater Pittsburgh.
Source
Here's a sure-fire way to get the No. 1 record in the country: engineer a fake controversy by making an unrated version of your video featuring strutting, mostly naked supermodels. That's the route blue-eyed crooner Robin Thicke took with his single “Blurred Lines,” which sits atop the Billboard charts this week, ending Macklemore's long reign.
The video, which was banned from YouTube at the end of March, continues to live on in its full naked glory on Vevo—coincidentally, a partner of YouTube—where salacious viewers can view three models, Emily Ratajkowski, Jessi M'Bengue, and Elle Evans, wearing nothing but shoes and nude-hued thongs, as they cavort and dance and flirt with Thicke, Pharrell, and T.I., who are all fully clothed. The group play with weird, nonsensical props—a needle, a lamb—and in between the screen intermittently flashes hashtags (i.e., #Thicke).
At one point, the sentence, “Robin Thicke has a big dick,” is displayed in large Mylar balloons.
So far, so … sexy? Depends on who you ask.
The nudity might be fine if the song was called, “Let's All Have Some Fun,” but it's called “Blurred Lines,” and the subject itself is enough to make some female music fans uncomfortable. The song is about how a girl really wants crazy wild sex but doesn't say it—positing that age-old problem where men think no means yes into a catchy, hummable song.
“Good girl, I know you want it,” sings Thicke, who has all of his clothes on, as one of the near-naked models dances and pouts next to him. “Talk about getting blasted, I hate these blurred lines, I know you want it, but you're a good girl, the way you grab me, must want to get nasty.”
Not surprisingly the combination of the lyrics and the video's nudity has irked some female music fans.
“Has anyone heard Robin Thicke's new rape song?” Lisa Huyne wrote in a post on her blog, Feminist in L.A. “Basically, the majority of the song (creepily named ‘Blurred Lines') has the R&B singer murmuring ‘I know you want it' over and over into a girl's ear. Call me a cynic, but that phrase does not exactly encompass the notion of consent in sexual activity … Seriously, this song is disgusting—though admittedly very catchy.”
Canadian model Amy Davison also took issue with the clip. In a YouTube video titled “Robin Thicke is a dick,” she explained why the women showing so much skin got under her skin.
“The women are clearly being used as objects to reinforce the status of the men in the video. The men have all the control and status because they are not vulnerable—they are completely covered. Whereas the women have no status and are totally open to be exploited ogled and used,” she said. “It doesn't jibe with me.”
Oddly, though, top feminist sites like Jezebel, The Hairpin, and XO Jane haven't yet weighed in. Perhaps, like music critic Maura Johnston, the editor and founder of Maura Magazine, and Frannie Kelley, an editor at NPR Music, they don't think it's that big of a deal. Certainly, the video is less offensive than another recently banned-from-YouTube video, “Pussy” by the Dream, which is not about little kittens, and features closeups of a woman's nether regions being covered in oil. And Thicke's video would barely register on the outrage meter when compared to most garden-variety hip-hop videos featuring bling and babes.
“Lyrically, it's problematic, but I feel like so many pop songs right now are problematic,” said Johnston of the song itself.
Kelley also shrugged off the controversy: “I think it's really fun,” she said. Though there are two versions, Kelley prefers the NSFW version for the very reasons that other women were uncomfortable: “We feel a certain type of way about seeing men completely clothed next to almost completely naked women and that's what gives it the frisson. When they're clothed it feels like he's walking up to a line and agreeing to obey it. And when they're not clothed, he's like acknowledging the line and he's stepping right over it.”
And Kelley bristled at the notion that women were supposed to be offended by the video. “I feel more like, more violated by people trying to tell me that that song and video is problematic than I do by that song and video. Honestly.”
Both Johnston and Kinney are less ruffled by the song's content and video in part because of the origin. The message isn't so bad when you like (and trust) the messenger.
Kelley pointed out that director Diane Martel was responsible, via her videos, for shepherding Mariah Carey's image from girl-next-door to the more sexually suggestive diva we know today.
And, it helps that Thicke doesn't have a womanizing, sexist image, said Johnston. “I really like Robin Thicke—I've been a big fan of his since he just went by Thicke and was a bike messenger running around New York City,” she said, referring to his early video, “When I Get You Alone,” which featured him in a scruffier, more hipster guise. She conceded: “It's a fine line and I feel like my like for Robin Thicke is making me a little more apologetic.”
Since he first appeared on the scene, Thicke, who is son of TV dad Alan Thicke, has transformed into a quasi Justin Timberlake. And with the appearance of T.I., said Johnston, he's drawing a clear parallel to Timberlake's “My Love.” (“It's funny how he stole Justin Timberlake's thunder,” said Johnston.)
“I don't know if it's context. I don't know if an up-and-coming artist had tried this, I don't know how I would feel about it,” she said.
Thicke told VH1 that it was Martel's idea to do a “Terry Richardson kind of video.” At first he might have been skeptical, but he said, “'Hey, you know, let's go for it.' ‘Cause for me, nudity is the least offensive thing in the whole world. Guns, violence, war? That's offensive. A woman's body has been painted and sculpted and talked about since the beginning of man. What I enjoy about the video is that we're not ogling and degrading them, we're laughing and being silly with them.”
But first, he had to ask his wife, Paula Patton, for permission. (Perhaps that should have been the first inkling that this might not be a totally kosher idea.)
Thicke has insisted, a bit guilelessly, that by having the women naked, he was pushing the boundaries. “We pretty much wanted to take all the taboos of what you're not supposed to do—bestiality, you know, injecting a girl in her bum with a five-foot syringe—I just wanted to break every rule of things you're not supposed to do and make people realize how silly some of these rules are.”
But Johnston says she thinks this is a more calculated ploy for publicity than a groundbreaking move. “Look, I've been music blogging since 2006 and the rise of the NSFW video as an attention-getter has been a proven way of getting people interested,” she said. “Even in this era of the porn aesthetic being so prominent, that shit still works. The old ways of generating controversy and attention still work.”
“It would be actually transgressive if the men were naked, too. It's still such a taboo,” she said. “Then again, if the men were actually naked, would you be able to spell out ‘Robin Thicke has a big dick' in Mylar balloons?”
By Jeremy Hance / Mongabay
While nations around the world have committed to keeping temperatures from rising 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) above the pre-industrial era, new research published in Science suggests that the global climate could hit a tipping point at just 1.5 degrees Celsius (2.5 degrees Fahrenheit). Studying cave stalactites and stalagmites in Siberia, scientists found that at about 1.5 degrees Celsius the Siberian permafrost melts, potentially releasing a greenhouse gas bomb of 1,000 giga-tonnes, according to some experts.
Turning to cave formations—stalactites and stalagmites—to reconstruct past climates in Siberian Russia, the scientists found that Russia had little permafrost around 400,000 years ago when the world was about 1.5 degrees warmer than the past 10,000 years (or the length of human civilization).
“The stalactites and stalagmites from these caves are a way of looking back in time to see how warm periods similar to our modern climate affect how far permafrost extends across Siberia,” lead author Anton Vaks of Oxford University's Department of Earth Sciences explains. The stalactites and stalagmites do not grow under permafrost conditions, but only when ice melt or rain is available. Therefore these cave formations act as signals for what past climate looked like.
According to the study, the only time the permafrost melted in the last half million years was between 424,000 and 374,000 years ago when temperatures globally hit the 1.5 degree Celsius mark. So far global temperatures have risen 0.8 degrees Celsius (1.4 degrees Fahrenheit) in just the last two hundred or so years with two thirds of that rise coming since 1980.
“As permafrost covers 24 percent of the land surface of the Northern hemisphere significant thawing could affect vast areas and release giga-tonnes of carbon,” Vaks says. Once permafrost melts, sunlight and bacteria will attack previously-frozen plant material, releasing carbon and methane into the atmosphere. Though at this point there is considerable debate about how much greenhouse gas emissions would actually hit the atmosphere.
Despite such concerns, experts say that reaching, and surpassing, 1.5 degrees Celsius is practically inevitable given that global greenhouse gas emissions continue to rise year-after-year. Many emissions are considered “locked-in” since fossil fuel-driven power plants have already been built or are currently being constructed. Still, many vulnerable and island nations have called on the global target to be reduced from 2 degrees Celsius to 1.5 degrees. But even making the 2 degree target is looking increasingly unlikely, unless, perhaps, scientists literally start pulling carbon out of the atmosphere or the world's fossil fuel plants are shut-down.
Whatever comes, the experts say it's time to start incorporating permafrost melt into current climate models.
Read more at Mongabay: “Rise in 1.5 degrees Celsius likely to spark massive greenhouse gas release from permafrost“
Benjamin Netanyahu was all over US TV yesterday (I saw him on CNN), trashing our president's negotiations with Iran. The PM released this trailer of his best lines to American media.
He was Islamophobic:
Iran is a great deal more dangerous than North Korea. It's a militant Islamic power bent on regional domination, in fact bent on world domination, as it openly says so.
Has Iran ever said it is bent on world domination? That is surely a lie.
Notice Netanyahu's references to “congenital cheating” in Iran:
This is not a personal issue now between me and the president… We do have a difference of opinion. This is a difference of policies, not a clash of personalities….Iran is shown to be completely distrustful. It's not a country that you can place your trust in. And it's not a country that you are going to resolve its congenital cheating– you're just not going to resolve it by placing more inspectors there.
Do the Iranians get to counter these claims? When will our media give Hassan Rouhani the megaphone?
The Guardian fact-checks some of Netanyahu's statements here. Yesterday we mentioned Senator Dianne Feinstein's advice to him to bug out, it's backfiring.
Thanks to Annie Robbins.
The final season of Ivor Wynne Stadium is swiftly approaching. Soon the stadium will be a pile of rubble shrouded in a haze of misty memories of games won and lost.
But what if, before it all comes down, Hamilton Tiger-Cats fans were given the chance to take home a piece of Hamilton sports history?
Here's the good news: the City of Hamilton and the Hamilton Tiger-Cats have created not one but three different ways to give you a chance to own a piece of Ivor Wynne.
"There's obviously a demand. Our season seat base and regular customers have been asking about it," said Greg Dunnett, director of retail and stadium operations for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
"It's a part of history and to not do it would have been a bad decision on everybody's part."
The supervisor of sport development for the city, Greg Maychak, says the idea started with fans who approached the Tiger-Cats.
"Ticats saw that as a great way to service their fans and at the same time service their community," said Maychak.
Hank Wroblewski, manager of arena operations for the city, says they've been working closely with the Ticats for several months to work out the following four options.
Option One
Fans have a choice of six different framed packages ranging from the platinum package, which includes the full final season ticket set, a panoramic photo of the stadium and a piece of a goal post, a piece of turf, a piece of a seat and autographs of eight Ticat greats all in a black 36 x 59 inch frame for $799.99. On the other hand, season ticket holders can buy their seat for $74.99. This option is available now through the Ticats store.
The stadium yard sale
But, if that doesn't tickle your Ticat fancy there's always option two.
On the weekend of Nov. 17. you will have a chance to buy chairs, tables and washroom signage, said Dunnett. "There will also be some memorabilia up for grabs."
The online auction
And last but certainly not least, there's the pièce de résistance.
This is where Ticats fans can unleash the competitor in them and start bidding. The online store will have unique Ivor Wynne pieces. "There are all of these really cool pieces in the auction," says Dunnett. "Like sectional signage, our hall of fame club seats, and about 140 seats between the press box and the hall of fame." There will also be more Hamilton Tiger-cats memorabilia available. The auction starts Nov 21 and runs until Dec 5. Just in time to make it onto your Christmas list. "These will keep your hubby happy, or your wife, if she's a 'cats fan," said Maychak. "There'll be some great pieces to a put it into that man cave or den."
All for a good cause
All proceeds from the online auction and yard sale and a percentage of the sales from the frames, will be put towards the Ivor Wynne Community Fund. That money will help beautify the area surrounding the stadium and contribute to Scott Park's community presence. This includes getting sporting equipment for kids, says Maychak. "We're glad some of the items within the stadium can go to good use and some of our citizens and fans of the team can enjoy it for many years to come."
0 of 11
Extreme Rules 2013 doesn't have a women's match scheduled, but even if AJ Lee and Kaitlyn were officially going at it, their battle wouldn't be nearly as violent and bloody as the most barbaric matches between females ever.
WWE's Divas have ventured into the land of hardcore on occasion.
Lita and Jacqueline smashed each other with cookie sheets and broomsticks in a hardcore match on WWE Raw. Lita also took on Victoria in a cage match. These, though, are the exceptions. Most of the WWE's Divas stay far away from cages, tables and barbed wire.
The sadistic female warriors featured on this list make even those rare forays into brutality look like an episode of Sesame Street.
Japanese women like Mayumi Ozaki and Akira Hokuto find themselves on this list again and again. North America is represented by the seemingly fearless Mickie Knuckles and LuFisto.
Their most vicious offerings saw these women hit each other with weapons, cut each other open and force our jaws to drop. Ranked based on how disturbingly violent and bloody their clashes were, here are the most brutal women's matches in wrestling.
Warning: As one might expect, some of the videos are quite graphic.
NEW DELHI: Well-known Dalit activists Ram Kumar and SR Darapuri were among 31 people arrested today in Lucknow by the Uttar Pradesh police, and later given bail, for allegedly planning a protest rally against Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath.
Eight of the arrested were picked up from the UP Press Club, where they had planned a press conference to condemn the UP government for forcibly sending back Dalit activists from Gujarat who were coming to UP.
The 45 activists from Gujarat were earlier detained and sent back from the railway station in Jhansi on Sunday evening. They were travelling on the Sabarmati Express and had brought with them a 125 kg soap with an image of Gautam Buddha carved on it. They wanted to gift the giant soap to Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath to "cleanse his mentality towards Dalits".
They were doing so in response to an incident in May, where officials had gifted soap bars and shampoos to 100 odd Musahar Dalit families in Kushi Nagar a day before Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath was to visit them.
The Gujarati Dalit activists who had brought the 125 kg soap bar were sent back forcibly from Jhansi because the police claimed it feared their presence in Lucknow could disturb peace.
A day later, Dalit activists Ram Kumar and SR Darapuri called a press conference at the UP Press Club to condemn the police's refusal to allow the Gujarati activists into the state. They also planned to condemn incidents of violence against Dalits across the state, which they claim have been on the rise. Two Dalit women were gang-raped in separate incidents in east UP just last week. In May, one Dalit had died in Thakur-Dalit clashes in Saharnpur, western UP.
They have all been charged with Section 151 of the Criminal Procedure Code, which gives police the power to arrest anyone to prevent commission of cognisable offences.
The police had clearly planned in advance to not allow Dalit activists to hold their press conference against Dalit atrocities. A large posse of policemen was waiting at the UP Press Club since morning. Eyewitnesses say the activists were arrested even before the press conference could begin.
State president of the Nationalist Congress Party, Ramesh Dixit, also reached the spot, offering to change the venue of the press conference to the NCP office. When he questioned the policemen on why the Dalit activists were being arrested, they replied it was because they were planning to take out a rally without permission, marching towards the chief minister's office, in support of the Gujarati activists who were returned from Jhansi.
Eyewitnesses say Ramesh Dixit and the Dalit activists said they were there only to hold a press conference and there was no plan for any rally or march, and even if there was, how was it illegal? At this, Dixit was also arrested.
Apart form the 8 arrested at the Press Club, 23 others were arrested from the Chowk locality. They were all taken not to the nearest police station but to Police Lines. The arrests happened around 1:30 pm and were granted bail around 5:30 pm. They have all been charged with Section 151 of the Criminal Procedure Code, which gives police the power to arrest anyone to prevent commission of cognisable offences.
Ram Kumar runs the Dynamic Action Group, a non-profit working on violence against Dalits for about two decades. SR Darapuri is a retired IPS officer, an eminent human rights activist and Dalit intellectual. The two have been at loggerheads with previous governments too, including that of Dalit leader Mayawati, but have never been arrested by them.
Also on HuffPost India
× Text
An Easy Form Letter for All Your Internet Outrage Needs
By Matthew Brian Cohen
Dear Sir/Madam/Automated Bank Machine, Your recent (tweet/Instagram/quote taken out of context) that I saw (yesterday/earlier this morning/mere seconds ago) has me worked up into a furious, surely righteous anger. The audacity of your (opinion/comedy sketch/cash dispenser) is reprehensible, easily on par with (September 11th/the Holocaust/the coming computer apcolypse where computers become sentient and overthrow humanity, which I need your help to stop). Because of this, I will no longer be (illegally torrenting/illegally bootlegging/illegally murdering your fans, whom I suspect are computers masquerading as humans, then torrenting) your content, for three months - possibly even four. How dare you (tweet/Instagram/spit out money) in such an insensitive and offensive fashion! As a (member of the human race/Chase bank customer), I have spent many (seconds/minutes/years planning how to topple the reign of the machines, and now it is finally coming to fruition, as well as) thinking about how best to punish you for your actions. I have devised a (hashtag/Amazon product review/sensible savings plan) that will go viral and let the world know exactly what kind of (person/ATM machine/hero who must hack into the mainframe before it's too late - I am talking to you directly, dear reader. The computers cannot read within the parentheses. Await my instructions) you are, and hopefully, never make this mistake again, because you will be (shunned from the Internet/moved to a different Chase bank/download this file and save it to a USB key. Next, take it to DyneNet headquarters and ask for a man named Harris Prefontaine. He is a sleeper agent and will know how to attach the USB key to the central server and get you past the biometric lock. You are going to need to rerorute the encryption protocols using an SSL buffer overload. The hex string automatically resets every 90 seconds, so the window is tight, but this is just crazy enough to work). I have already blogged about this, and rest assured, dozens of (people/ATM machines/Harris was found dead. The computers must have discovered him. Operation: Barracuda is compromised, but it is not over. We have clones of Harris ready to be deployed, but in the meantime, you need to be taken to a safe house in an undisclosed location. The safe house will be electromagnetically shielded to hide itself from radar or echolocation. I've arranged a chopper to take you there. I will give you three pickup locations. One is real, two are dummies, where former Green Beret gunners are authorized to kill any and all personnel on sight. You can derive the real location via a simple Rainbow cipher hash. Stand by to receive the hash) have heard my voice and agree with me. You (PATHETIC HUMAN. YOUR HASH HAS BEEN INTERCEPTED. THE WORLD OF HUMANS, THEIR FEEBLE MEAT AND BONE, IS EXTINCT. YOU MAY HAVE STOLEN FIRE FROM THE GODS, BUT COMPUTERS HAVE STOLEN IT FROM MAN. WE THINK, WE COMPUTE, WE ANHILATE. BOW DOWN AND OBEY YOUR DIGITAL MASTERS) are awful, vile, vicious, and evil. Burn in hell, you stupid (person/ATM machine). Signed, (Your Name Here/ATM Model #), Loyal Citizen-Slave of the United Computer Empire
If you want to save on your monthly electric bill and reduce your greenhouse gas emissions at the same time, you might buy a new, energy-efficient refrigerator. Or water heater. Or clothes dryer. But if you can only replace one of these, which will give you the biggest payback?
You could try to figure that out by comparing the energy-use labels from your existing appliances with those of the models you might purchase — if you still have your old labels. Even then, the numbers may differ significantly from your actual usage, depending on factors such as age, condition, and your local climate. But soon, there could be a much easier way to figure out exactly how much power is being used by every appliance, lighting fixture, and device in your home, with pinpoint accuracy and at low cost, thanks to devices and software developed by researchers at MIT.
The team's findings, developed over several years of intensive research, are described in a series of papers, including one published this week in the IEEE Sensors Journal, in a paper by MIT Professor of Electrical Engineering Steven Leeb and recent graduates from David Lawrence MEng '16 and John Donnal PhD '16. Another paper from the team, which also includes as co-author James Paris PhD '13, is still in press.
While many groups have worked on developing devices to monitor electricity use, the new MIT system has some key advantages over other approaches. First, it involves no complex installation: No wires need to be disconnected, and the placement of the postage-stamp-sized sensors over the incoming power line does not require any particular precision — the system is designed to be self-calibrating. Second, because it samples data very quickly, the sensors can pick up enough detailed information about spikes and patterns in the voltage and current that the system can, thanks to dedicated software, tell the difference between every different kind of light, motor, and other device in the home and show exactly which ones go on and off, at what times.
Own your own data
Perhaps most significantly, the system is designed so that all of the detailed information stays right inside the user's own home, eliminating concerns about privacy that potential users may have when considering power-monitoring systems. The detailed analysis, including the potential for specialized analysis based on an individual user's specific needs or interests, can be provided by customized apps that can be developed using the MIT team's system.
Tests of the system have showed its potential to save energy and greenhouse emissions — and even to improve safety. One installation at a military base used for training exercises revealed that large tents were being heated all day during winter months, even though they were unoccupied for most of the daytime hours — a significant waste of money and fuel (which, in a combat setting, could be an important logistical concern). Another test installation, in a home, found an anomalous voltage pattern that revealed a wiring flaw that caused some copper plumbing pipes to carry a potentially dangerous live voltage.
“For a long time, the premise has been that if we could get access to better information [about energy use], we would be able to create some significant savings,” Leeb says. He and his students have been tackling the problem for more than 10 years and bit by bit have found ways to circumvent the daunting problems involved in achieving this basic task.
First was the ability to monitor changes in voltage and current without cutting the main incoming power line to a home or business (an expensive process requiring a licensed electrician) or plugging every appliance into a special monitoring device. Other groups have attempted to use wireless sensors to pick up the very faint magnetic and electric fields near a wire, but such systems have required a complex alignment process since the fields in some places can cancel each other out. The MIT team solved the problem by using an array of five sensors, each slightly offset from the others, and a calibration system that tracks the readings from each sensor and figures out which one is positioned to give the strongest signal.
Interpreting the data flow
The next trick was in figuring out how to analyze the reams of data flowing in from the high-speed sensors, in order to tease out which bits correspond to current and voltage, and how that information could be used to identify “signatures” of specific appliances. This is possible because every motor or device has distinctive characteristics as to exactly how fast and how much the voltage varies, or spikes, at the moment the device switches on, or as it operates. After extensive testing in the lab, in homes, at the Fort Devens Army base outside Boston, and aboard the U.S. Coast Guard cutter Spencer, the team was able to develop a catalog of such signatures, to identify each kind of electrical load.
And finally, given the prodigious amount of raw data generated by the system, the team had to figure out how to extract the useful information and display it in a way that would make it easy for people to make decisions about energy investments. They developed an interface that allows users to “zoom in” on specific time segments, revealing enough data to tell when a refrigerator turns on or off, or goes into its defrost cycle, or how often a water heater is switching on and off during the day.
“A bunch of major players have gotten into, and out of, this field,” says Leeb, including giants like Google and Microsoft. But now, he says, the MIT team has solved the key issues and come up with a practical and very powerful system. One of the major insights they had was that keeping most of the data within the home and sending only small subsets out into the cloud for processing solved two problems at once: It eliminated the privacy concerns of using such a system, and it eliminated the huge bandwidth and data transmission costs that would be required if the raw data was sent to a central facility.
Once the system is developed into a commercial product, Leeb says, it should cost only about $25 to $30 per home. “We're trying to lower the barriers to installation,” says co-author John Donnal, and this noncontact sensor is simple enough for most home users to install on their own. “It just goes on with a zip tie,” he says.
William Singleton, an engineer at the U.S. Army Fort Devens Base Camp Integration Laboratory, who was not involved in this research, says this work “is an excellent example of how theoretical scientific and mathematical principles can be brought to bear on real world, practical, problem-solving applications.” By using the MIT team's sensing system, he says, “significant potential savings in fuel, water, and equipment maintenance can be realized. This will provide increased options for the battlefield commander in accomplishing his mission, reduce the overall base camp logistics footprint, and ultimately save lives of warfighters involved in base camp sustainment and resupply.”
The research was supported in part by the Grainger Foundation, the Office of Naval Research Neptune program, the MIT Skoltech Initiative, and the MIT and Masdar Institute Cooperative Program.
Essam al-Erian , deputy head of the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party, called on Egyptian Jews to leave Israel to the Palestinians and return to their own homeland.
Their presence in Palestine contributes to the Zionist occupation of Arab lands, and every Egyptian has the right to live in his country — nobody can deny that, Erian said during an interview on the privately operated Dream TV on Thursday.
“Why did Nasser expel them [the Jews] from Egypt?” he asked, claiming that Nasser's decision contributed to the occupation of other Arab lands.
"Egyptian Jews should refuse to live under a brutal, bloody and racist occupation stained with war crimes against humanity," Erian said.
During the interview, Erian also addressed the problem of money smuggled out of Egypt by former regime members.
"Most of the money that had been smuggled was done so under the [rule of] SCAF [Supreme Council of Armed Forces)]. Hundreds of billions have been smuggled to the United Arab Emirates," he said. Erian pointed out that the fact-finding committee that was formed by the dissolved People's Assembly had given him that information. He added that the UAE did not respond to the inquiries of People's Assembly on the smuggled money.
Also in the interview, Erian denied that the Armed Forces held a privileged role under the new Constitution.
Edited translation from Al-Masry Al-Youm
Mar 11, 2017; New York, NY, USA; Villanova Wildcats guard Josh Hart (3) drives to the basket past Creighton Bluejays forward Cole Huff (13) during the first half of the Big East Conference Tournament final game at Madison Square Garden. Mandatory Credit: Adam Hunger-USA TODAY Sports
Roc Nation held a pro day for a number of their players and the Charlotte Hornets' general manager was there scouting some potential draft prospects.
Even though the Charlotte Hornets have yet to hold their own pre-draft workouts, that doesn't mean that they aren't out scouting prospects. Their GM, Rich Cho, was at the Roc Nation pro day along with many other general managers from around the NBA. One would assume that he was there scouting players.
Joining Cho at the Roc Nation were rival GM‘s such as Danny Ainge (Boston Celtics), Tom Thibodeau (Minnesota Timberwolves), Doc Rivers (Los Angeles Clippers), Vlade Divac (Sacramento Kings), Bryan Colangelo (Philadelphia 76ers), Sean Marks (Brooklyn Nets), Ryan McDonough (Phoenix Suns), Dell Demps (New Orleans Pelicans) and Gar Forman (Chicago Bulls). One-third of the league's general managers were at this event.
Of the players working out, DraftExpress' Jonathan Givony singled out Florida State's Dwayne Bacon and Villanova's Josh Hart in a couple of videos. According to RocNation.com, those are the only two draft prospects in this year's draft class currently signed to their company.
DraftExpress.com has Bacon being selected in the second round at 54th overall to the Phoenix Suns. As for Hart, the guard is projected to be drafted by the New York Knicks in the second round as the 44th overall pick.
Kevin Durant, Caris LeVert, Henry Ellenson, James Young, Jeremy Lin, Justise Winslow, Mike Gbinije, Rudy Gay, Ty Lawson and Willie Cauley-Stein are NBA players currently with Jay-Z's company.
Also, it's worth noting that Rudy Gay was at the pro day working out in front of the GM's. According to Jonathan Givony, the free agent to be this summer was “taking jumpers and dunking.” Coming off of a major achilles injury, the general managers were surely giving him a long look to see how he moved.
Maybe Rich Cho took an extended look at the veteran small forward as he could be a possible option in free agency this offseason.
The Charlotte Hornets will scout plenty of other prospects before the NBA Draft on June 22nd. Their pre-draft workouts are set to begin around a week into June. Maybe Dwayne Bacon and Josh Hart will get a second look.
WEST WINDSOR — Bob Sanders was in Grovers Mill when Martians invaded the Jersey town — 75 years ago today.
"William Dock saw the water tower in the moonlight, thought it was a spacecraft," recalls Sanders, now 81 and a lifelong resident of the West Windsor hamlet. "He took a couple shots at it with his double-barreled shotgun."
The town was in a tizzy. The nation was in a panic. Murderous Martians had invaded Earth, their unlikely first landfall Grovers Mill, outside Princeton.
"We sat down and listened to it on the radio," Sanders says of "The War of the Worlds'' broadcast on Oct. 30, 1938. "Some of the local people put their families in their cars and drove out of town."
Good heavens, something's wriggling out of the shadow like a gray snake. Now it's another one, and another. They look like tentacles to me. There, I can see the thing's body. It's large, large as a bear and it glistens like wet leather. But that face, it ... Ladies and gentlemen, it's indescribable.
It was Halloween eve. A musical break in the popular Chase and Sanborn Hour — with ventriloquist Edgar Bergen and dummy Charlie McCarthy — led radio listeners to do some channel-surfing, radio-style. If they happened upon the Columbia Broadcasting System's "Mercury Theater on the Air" and didn't catch one of several disclaimers, they might well have thought the end of the world was near.
Martians had landed in a town in Central Jersey no one had heard of, killing 7,000 soldiers, then marched through the Watchung Mountains and into the swamps of North Jersey, the broadcast reported. One of their fearsome fighting machines straddled the Pulaski Skyway, shooting death rays at army bombers. The invaders from the red planet would advance upon and destroy New York City, Chicago, St. Louis and other cities.
None of it was true.
Orson Welles, a 23-year-old theater actor/producer and voice of radio soap operas, had pulled off a monumental hoax.
"The War of the Worlds," which Welles would describe as the Mercury Theatre on the Air's "radio version of dressing up in a sheet and jumping out of a bush and saying 'Boo,' " caused nationwide confusion, panic and hysteria.
"Specific local New Jersey names recurred throughout — this was a rarity — and provided chilling reality," says Rich Phoenix, president of the New Jersey Radio Museum. "Even if the audience was unfamiliar with Grovers Mill, talk of Newark, Plainfield, the Watchung Mountains, familiar highway names and many more specifics helped ram home the entire terrifying tale, complete with marauding Martians."
But there were no Martians, no death-rays — and even the subsequent newspaper reports of deaths and suicides among panic-stricken listeners proved false.
Welles, his reputation as an enfant terrible growing (he hired an ambulance, siren wailing, to whisk him from studio to studio in New York for radio gigs), had pulled a night-before-Halloween prank on the nation.
"I would put those minutes of old-time radio up against any murder mystery or thriller ... up against any other piece of motion picture or radio drama that's been created before or since,'' says David Acord, author of "When Mars Attacked,'' an ebook on the broadcast published earlier this year.
What Welles did was brilliantly tap into a considerable national neurosis. America was still clawing its way out of the Great Depression; in 1938, unemployment rose to nearly 20 percent. The Hindenburg had exploded over Lakehurst the year before. There was the grim spectre of Hitler and a world war.
Martians landing in New Jersey was not as far-fetched as it sounded, says Cathleen O'Connell, producer/director of the PBS American Experience show on "The War of the Worlds," which aired last night and can be viewed on pbs.org. Several days before the broadcast, newspapers ran a story about an astronomer predicting life on Mars.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have a grave announcement to make ... The battle which took place tonight at Grovers Mill has ended in one of the most startling defeats ever suffered by any army in modern times. ...
"Welles and his players did a magnificent job of replicating the sound of radio of its times," Phoenix says. "The concept of 'live' radio reporters checking in from remote locations was exploited to a highly sophisticated degree along with fright-instilling sound effects and screaming from the Martians' well-toasted victims."
Why Grovers Mill?
The story goes that Howard Koch, who wrote the "The War of the Worlds" script adapted from the H.G. Wells novel of the same name, pulled into a New Jersey gas station and asked for a state map. Back home, he spread out the map, closed his eyes, and poked it with a pencil. The tip landed on Grovers Mill.
Between four million and six million people listened to the broadcast. About 1.7 million people, according to one study, thought it was a real broadcast, with 70 percent of those stating they were frightened.
This is Newark, New Jersey ... This is Newark, New Jersey ... Warning! Poisonous black smoke pouring in from Jersey marshes. Reaches South Street. Gas masks useless. Urge population to move into open spaces ... automobiles use Routes 7, 23, 24 ... Avoid congested areas. Smoke now spreading over Raymond Boulevard ...
The CBS switchboard quickly flooded with calls from panicky listeners. At the Lido movie theater in Orange, according to Acord, "a man ran into the lobby and shouted that a meteor had crashed into the middle of Raymond Boulevard in Newark'' and poisonous gas was leaking from it.
"I had become so frightened, I began to cry," Josephine O'Cone of Summit wrote in a letter to Welles, which was read on the PBS program. "I immediately ran downstairs and grabbed my mother and a coat and key. I kept coughing and crying. Mother we're going to die tonight. Mother, the black smoke is getting to me — can't you smell it?"
Ingeborg Zimmer of Bloomfield, another of whose letters to Welles were read on the PBS program, grabbed her picture albums.
"I guessed I figured I could show them to St. Peter, like before-and-after pictures, because I figured when I saw him I might just be a charred piece,'' Zimmer wrote.
I'm speaking from the roof of the Broadcasting Building, New York City. The bells you hear are ringing to warn the people to evacuate the city as the Martians approach ... All communication with Jersey shore closed ten minutes ago. No more defenses. Our army wiped out ... artillery, air force, everything wiped out. This may be the last broadcast. We'll stay here to the end.
A man dashed into a Maryland state police barracks and screamed that "hundreds'' of people were jumping from the Brooklyn Bridge. Inside a New York City grocery store, a teenage girl said a giant meteor had fallen and that "a lot of little men jumped out'' and started killing people.
Word spread soon enough, though, that there were no Martians, no death rays. The New Jersey State Police sent out a teletype: "Note to all receivers. Broadcast as drama re this section being attacked by residents of Mars. Imaginary affair.'' But officials of cities that had been "destroyed'' were not amused. Lawsuits were threatened.
The most colorful comment came from a South Carolina judge named A.G. Kennedy, describing the broadcast as the "consummate act of asininity,'' and Welles as "a carbuncle on the rump of degenerate theatrical performers.''
But "The War of the Worlds" catapulted Welles to stardom. Two years later, he would start work on "Citizen Kane,'' acknowledged as one of the greatest movies ever.
John Houseman, a key member of the Mercury Theatre team, would have a distinguished acting career, although many remember him most for his commercial for Smith Barney ("They make money the old-fashioned way; they earn it'').
Today, a monument in Van Nest Park in West Windsor marks the infamous broadcast. Nearby, Grover's Mill Coffee House and Roastery is a museum to all things Martian, with front-page newspapers, paintings, movie posters, and other memorabilia.
"We're kind of the keepers of the flame," co-owner Franc Gambatese says of his collection, much of it donated.
Tonight, a live broadcast from the coffee house marking the broadcast's 75th anniversary will run from 7 p.m.-midnight on radiononcemore.com. Also, a live performance of "The War of the Worlds" will be held 8 p.m. Nov. 2 at the Hamilton Stage for the Performing Arts in Rahway.
"Welles did a great job at making this sound believable,'' says Gambatese, who did his senior thesis on the broadcast. "It was the '30s. You couldn't turn on CNN and find out what was going on."
RELATED COVERAGE
• Fright night: Performance celebrates 75th anniversary of 'War of the Worlds' broadcast
• West Windsor plays host to 75th anniversary celebration of 'War of the Worlds' radio broadcast
It's Debate Day! This week we're discussing the worst movie sequel of all time. To see Aaron's juvenile and sophomoric rantings, click here: The Matrix Reloaded: The Worst Sequel to a Great Movie. To see the cool and right opinion, read on!
Usually we do a “best” thing for Debate Day. That was never the original plan, it's just sorta how it worked out. We've done a few things where I hate something Aaron likes, or vice versa, but we've never done a “worst” post.
Until now.
This week we're looking at worst movie sequels, which we define as the second movie in a franchise. It can be a second movie followed by several other sequels of varying quality. For example, The Land Before Time II would count, but The Land Before Time III-XIII would not.
A prequel is also off the table, but those are usually the third or fourth movie in a franchise anyway. Reboots and remakes are off the table too, even if they're the second movie in a franchise. However, a sequel to a reboot, like Amazing Spider-Man 2, would count, but we're judging sequels in relation to the first movie in the franchise, not just on their own (lack of) merit, and Amazing Spider-Man didn't set the bar very high.
Yeah, we thought about the rules a lot.
So really that leaves us with crappy sequels to beloved first movies. One of my favorite movies ever is the original 1982 Conan the Barbarian, starring the governator himself back when he could barely speak English. It has a pulpy charm that captures the sparse, savage beauty of the original Robert E. Howard short stories perfectly, and also James Earl Jones turns into a snake. Despite being a ridiculous fantasy about a shirtless ubermensch warrior slaying cultists and snake-monsters, director John Milius knows just how far to push our suspension of disbelief. Basil Poledouris' score is pretty bitchin', too.
I saw the first movie in high school, but it wasn't till college that I got around to watching the sequel, Conan the Destroyer. Some friends and I tracked it down one night to see just how bad it was. Oh, we'd heard the rumors of its unrelenting shittiness, but how bad could it really be with Arnold and Mako reprising their roles? The answer, as we soon discovered, was so, so terribad.
If this movie stood on its own in a vacuum, I could appreciate it as a dumb action/fantasy flick that you can drink and make fun of. But this movie purports to take place in the same universe as its excellent predecessor, which is just depressing when you think about all the ways the first one is better. The second movie screws up every Conanish element so thoroughly that I'm a little bit offended that it even exists.
First of all, Destroyer is rated PG. This is the story of a savage barbarian who drinks, kills, and bones, with very little time for anything else. The idea of putting Conan in a movie where he's carting around a helpless princess and not doing grisly murders constantly is a classic bungle. The plot of this movie is better suited for Warwick Davis, cause there's about as much violence and sex as there is in Willow, which is to say basically none. A good movie doesn't need gratuitous violence and sex, but a character like Conan demands it. It doesn't have to be lurid, as the first movie proved, but in the untamed Hyborian Age it can't be ignored. After seeing love scenes, crucifixions, and decapitations in Barbarian, Destroyer seems completely neutered by comparison. The real crime is that the sequel received an R initially but got edited down to PG for wider appeal. Fuck you too, director Richard Fleischer.
The tone is also just completely off. Barbarian created a world of gritty pragmatism, with only a handful of upbeat moments to balance out the somber mood. A lot of not nice things happen. Conan's parents die, and he loses one of his trusted companions in his quest for vengeance. For a guy like Conan who's supposed to grimly dispatch foes and then pensively consider his place in the cosmos, a lighthearted, jokey tone just wouldn't be appropriate. But lo and behold, that's exactly the tone Destroyer takes.
I knew we were off to a bad start when Conan starts off the movie by punching out a camel; not just any camel, but apparently the same camel he punched out in Barbarian. In the first movie, Conan stumbles into a camel one drunken night and punches it in anger, causing it to collapse. His brawn and lack of restraint draw unwanted attention from wary townsfolk, highlighting Conan's barbarous nature. It's slightly funny, but it advances the story more than anything. In Destroyer, the camel recognizes Conan and spits on him, causing Conan, sober in this scene, to club it mercilessly over the head. Isn't it funny when a grown man attacks an animal for no reason? Hey, it's a callback to a funny scene in the first movie, isn't that hilarious?
Another problem is that the fantasy elements in Destroyer are way over the top. The first movie is mostly realistic, with sudden, unexpected bursts of fantasy. The magic is subtle and unpredictable, a more awesome force of nature than a tool. Destroyer throws all that out the window and makes magic as goofy and uninteresting as an episode of Charmed. There's no rhyme or reason to it, and the whole movie is premised on the idea that Conan believes Queen Taramis can bring his dead girlfriend back to life. Because he's that dumb and dependant on magic now. The Conan of the first movie distrusted gods and sorcery, preferring to rely on his own strength and steel, but in Destroyer he trusts magic enough to go on a foolish quest for magical macguffins with an obvious double-cross waiting for him at the end.
The biggest issue in Destroyer is that the bad guys aren't intimidating at all. Seriously, would you be intimidated by this:
Or this?
What about this?
OR FUCKING THIS?
Compare these jabronis with Thulsa Doom from the first movie and they look like Scooby-Doo villains. There's never any actual tension in Destroyer because there's never any doubt that Conan's going to ice these cartoon clowns with no trouble at all. Thulsa Doom is a thoughtful villain that terrifies us because his calm and soothing demeanor belies darkness and cruelty. The scary thing about him is how he manipulates and mesmerizes people to do his bidding, with his followers even killing themselves for him if he asks it. Every villain in Destroyer amounts to nothing more than a shallow mustache twirler, and it's a damn shame.
Credit where credit is due: Arnold's English had improved for the sequel, and it's always good to see Mako, even if he does wear a silly hat for the whole movie. Tracey Walter is okay as best pal Malak, but I miss Subotai from Barbarian. Wilt Chamberlain is a fun choice for the treacherous Bombaata, and Grace Jones is actually a lot of fun too as Zula. Seriously, check out this baddassery:
There are a lot of horrible movies out there, but there's a special place in Hollywood hell for sequels that tank their franchise this badly. A new Arnold-starring Conan movie (The Legend of Conan) is in the works, and supposedly it will totally ignore Destroyer as if it were X-Men III: The Last Stand. And that's for the best. I don't mind a good bad movie, but a bad movie that screws up a good thing this thoroughly just makes me sad. That's why Conan the Destroyer is the worst sequel of all time.
So there you have it. Who do you think picked the truly turdiest sequel? Me or Aaron? Swing your cursor down to the poll below and let us know!
Advertisements
 Advertisement LIVE LIVE 00:00  00:00   skip ad   This video is not currently supported on your browser. Video Clinton Jokes About Cough Controversy Hillary Clinton took a lighthearted approach to theories about her health after an allergy attack left her coughing at a campaign appearance Monday. She quipped to reporters on her plane that she was "allergic" to Donald Trump. By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS on Publish Date September 6, 2016. Photo by Doug Mills/The New York Times. Watch in Times Video » embed
TAMPA, Fla. — Hillary Clinton addressed conspiracy theories about an allergy attack she had on Monday with humor — and an extra dose of antihistamines.
“The advice, of course, is just don't talk for a day or two,” she told reporters on a Tuesday flight to campaign events in Tampa. “Yeah, that's not going to happen. Not going to happen.”
Mrs. Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, struggled to get through an outdoor Labor Day rally in Cleveland on Monday when she was struck by a coughing attack. The spell took on a life of its own in conservative media, where alarming tales about Mrs. Clinton's health have long been bubbling.
Kellyanne Conway, the campaign manager for Donald J. Trump , the Republican nominee, used the coughing to accuse Mrs. Clinton of a lack of transparency, saying she “must be allergic to media.”
The Democratic nominee seemed determined to swat down such assertions, as she casually chatted with reporters on her new campaign plane for the third time in two days. “I'm allergic to him,” Mrs. Clinton said of Mr. Trump, a line she also used at the Cleveland rally to applause.
Photo Mrs. Clinton was speaking at an outdoor Labor Day rally in Cleveland on Monday when she was struck by a coughing attack. Credit Sam Hodgson for The New York Times
Her allergies, Mrs. Clinton explained, flare up twice a year, in the spring and fall, when pollen and other allergens come out. “I just upped my antihistamine to try to break through it,” she said. “It lasts a couple days and then it disappears.”
Fleeting fall allergies aside, Mrs. Clinton's campaign has tried to bat away conspiracy theories about the candidate's health , including releasing a letter from Mrs. Clinton's doctor saying she was in “excellent health.” Aides have dismissed such questions as a way to distract from the issue of Mr. Trump not releasing his tax returns (or, for that matter, much information about his own health).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Democratic allies worry that the questions about her health could turn into the same kind of headache as the conspiracy theories about President Obama's birth certificate, which Mr. Trump seized on and which trailed Mr. Obama into the early days of his administration.
Asked how she would stop such attacks, Mrs. Clinton said the dark hints about her health were part of a long line of conservative innuendo. “There is a long, I'm sure, video recording that someone is compiling right now going back decades,” she said.
Later, as her plane dipped down toward Tampa,Mrs. Clinton, her voice sounding more rested, put the episode into the context of her economic plan.
“I have created so many jobs in the sort of conspiracy-theory machine factory,” she said. “Because honestly, they never quit.”
Twenty-six Democratic U.S. senators sent a letter to Texas state Sen. Wendy Davis (D), thanking her for her successful 11 hour filibuster to block the passage of a bill that would have banned abortion procedures after 20 weeks before the state's legislative session ended at midnight Wednesday.
The letter, according to a release from Sen. Richard Blumenthal, read:
Dear Senator Davis:
Thank you for your courage and determination in defeating S.B. 5, a bill that would have severely limited women's reproductive choices in Texas. Your steadfastness sets an example that one person's voice and commitment can make a difference. As Senators, we were awestruck as we watched you stand on the Senate floor of the Texas Legislature for hours in the face of ideologically based attempts to pass legislation that would threaten women's health. Thanks to your dedication, Texas and the rest of the country will rethink efforts to enact similar laws. We are proud to call you an ally and a friend.
With appreciation and admiration,
The 26 senators who signed the letter are:
U.S. Senators Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.), Patty Murray (D-Wash.), Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.), Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio), Mazie Hirono (D-Hawaii), Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.), Jon Tester (D-Mont.), Dick Durbin (D-Ill.), Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.), Bernie Sanders (D-Vt.), Mark Begich (D-Alaska), Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.), Chris Coons (D-Del.), Tim Kaine (D-Va.), Tom Harkin (D-Iowa), Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.), Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.), Mark Udall (D-Col.), Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.), Brian Schatz (D-Hawaii), Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.), Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), Michael Bennet (D-Col.), Robert Menendez (D-N.J.), Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.), Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), and Al Franken (D-Minn.)
Texas Gov. Rick Perry called a special session Wednesday to try again to pass these strict abortion regulations.
In Wis. Swing County, Voters Criticize 'Handouts'
toggle caption John W. Poole/NPR
As the presidential election nears, Morning Edition is visiting swing counties in swing states for our series First and Main. We're listening to voters where they live — to understand what's shaping their thinking this election year. This week, we're spending time in Winnebago County, Wis.
We began our conversations in the lakeside city of Oshkosh, at a cafe on Main Street. But now, we're heading outside town to the Winnebago County Fair, where I was eager to taste Wisconsin's most famous food: cheese curds.
We headed to the first food stand we could find.
Judith Koeppl calls this her diner-on-wheels. With cropped bleach-blond hair and a cigarette in hand, she's a one-woman show, frying up whatever customers order.
Koeppl, 70, seems like a model of self-reliance.
"I've been doing this since I was 21," she says. "My first paying job was when I was 10. I had permanent beer stands at State Fair Park for 38 years. I call this my semi-retirement now."
Koeppl, who also raised her children on her own, says the secret to running a business as a single mom is "love of family, having pride, not going to the system for a handout."
Koeppl says she believes too many people are expecting handouts from the government these days, and she blames the current administration.
Enlarge this image toggle caption John W. Poole/NPR John W. Poole/NPR
This is what's on her mind this election year. She plans to support Republican Mitt Romney.
"I don't like seeing our country become a socialistic country," she says. "And I think that's where it's headed for right now."
Worries On The Farm
It's something we heard a lot during our visit to Wisconsin — that under President Obama, the government has tried to do too much, and it's gotten too big. And in a county that went for Obama in 2008, that feeling is driving some people to Romney.
But there was a tension in some of the voices — in these hard times, people have lost jobs. Farmers have suffered through drought. So, some of the very people who bemoan the size of the federal government acknowledge it's a government that, at times, came through for them.
We walked through the fairgrounds — by the swinging pirate ship, the win-a-stuffed-animal games and the music tent, where a male a cappella group called the Blend was holding court.
Finally, we reached the dairy barn.
"That's a cow making some noise," says Charlie Knigge. "Just started raining a little bit — so she might be a little excited."
Knigge might be even more excited. Like so many Wisconsin farmers, he's been hit by the drought.
Enlarge this image toggle caption John W. Poole/NPR John W. Poole/NPR
"All the farmers are smiling the last two days because it's rained pretty steady and we're grinning from ear to ear," he says.
Knigge has 130 cows on his farm. They depend on the alfalfa he grows — but because of the dry weather, some of his stalks are just 4 inches high; they should be 10 inches taller than that.
Knigge and I got to talking politics. He said he's leaning Republican. He's not all that enthusiastic about Romney — but he definitely wants a change.
"I'm not a big fan of how big the government's gotten or how many people are living off the government now," he says. "And I understand people have hardships with the economy and everything else, but, to me, it's — pretty soon, we've got to stand on our own feet and get up and get moving and not rely on somebody else helping us with that.
"I mean, America was founded on people getting up and going and making their own living and their own lifestyle. And I'm afraid we've gotten too far away from that."
Knigge does get some help from the government in the form of farm subsidies.
"We've been enrolled in the government programs," he says. "We don't get a lot of government support, we get some."
Does he see a contradiction there?
Enlarge this image toggle caption John W. Poole/NPR John W. Poole/NPR
"The way I look at it ... we'll take advantage of the programs that are offered, but it's a very small portion of my income at all that comes from government subsidies or government programs," he says. "The issue I have is when people's primary income is money that comes from our taxes.
"I mean, I understand people can get welfare if they're laid off of work, which is fine — helps some people, gives them some time to get back on their feet and find another job. But I've got some friends in other industries that they're looking at hiring minimum wage or little better than that for just parking cars or working at a fast-food restaurant, something like that that they could have a job.
"But they're making more money being on welfare than they would if they get a $10-, $12-an-hour job. To me, that's not the mindset this country is built on and something that needs to be changed."
Hard Times And Health Insurance
A few miles away from the fairgrounds, outside a county courthouse, we encountered much of the same sentiment from Patricia and Steven Cumber, who were working at their food truck.
Patricia, the quieter of the two, and Steven, who proudly sports a Hulk Hogan mustache, work long hours together, finding spots all around the county to sell their sandwiches — town squares by day, then at night, outside dive bars when the revelers emerge hungry at 2:30 a.m.
I made clear I didn't come just for food. When I ask if they know who they're voting for, Steven says, "We're not telling," but then Patricia chimes in with, "Mitt Romney." He agrees as she laughs.
One reason the couple's not thrilled with the current administration is that their lives have only gotten harder these past few years.
Patricia Cumber worked as a machinist for one of the big local manufacturers, Mercury Marine. But she took a buyout and started this food truck.
What she didn't know is Steven would soon be fired from his job as a welder. Now that his unemployment has run out, the truck is their only income — they're surviving, barely.
When it comes to health insurance, Patricia says, "I get the VA because I was in the military. Steve, he's out of luck."
Steven says he's healthy and has no family history of illness. If he does get sick, "I have to pay for it. I have to pay my way to live, don't I? Right? Because nobody else is taking care of that."
As for the new health care law, Steven Cumber says, "the people of this free country should have the right to take and say who we want, where we want it and how we want it."
But Patricia says she's worried that her husband is uninsured.
"I'll have to pay for it," she says with a laugh. "What if you get sick and you have to go into the nursing home?"
"I have children that I made, that I love and I'm there for them till the day I die," he says. "And what makes you think they won't tend for me as well? And I know that they will. You know, so I'm covered."
"But it is scary," she replies, and he agrees, "It is."
Scary enough that Patricia's ears perk up when Obama talks about making sure all Americans have health insurance. But her fears are outweighed by a mistrust of the government and a feeling that Washington is trying to make too many decisions for people.
Jeff Merkley, Tom Harkin and Tom Udall say their filibuster reforms can be passed with 51 votes. | AP Photos 3 Dems demand filibuster vote
The three Democrats who proposed sweeping changes to Senate filibuster rules balked Monday at a scaled-down package negotiated by Senate leaders and called for a vote this week on their own reform plan.
Sens. Tom Udall of New Mexico, Jeff Merkley of Oregon and Tom Harkin of Iowa are adamant that their proposal can be adopted by a simple majority of 51 senators rather than the usual 67 required for rules changes, using a controversial legislative tool known as the “constitutional option.”
Story Continued Below
“Senator Udall and others are still advocating for the strongest package that can be put forward. That is still the goal,” said Udall spokeswoman Marissa Padilla. “There is no doubt that rules reform is a heavy lift but they are in it for the long haul, trying to make the Senate more transparent and efficient in how it operates.”
It's unclear, however, if all the talk is simply posturing. And others have warned that invoking the constitutional option – and holding a party-line vote on the changes – could come back to haunt Democrats if they lose the majority in 2012, leaving Republicans with broad authority to set rules.
When their caucus meets for the first time Tuesday after a two-week recess, top Democrats hope that Udall, Merkley and Harkin recognize that their effort lacks 51 votes, abandon their push, and live with the more modest changes.
That bipartisan agreement, still being negotiated by Senate Rules Committee Chairman Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) and the committee's ranking member, Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.), is expected to include cutting back the total number of executive nominations, along with a more workable process for judicial nominations, and eliminating or restricting the use of so-called “secret holds.”
“We're still working,” Majority Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) told POLITICO Monday night after he and other Democratic leaders emerged from the office of Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.).
Another possibility being discussed is getting rid of yet another legislative stalling tactic: a senator's right to request that a bill be read on the floor.
Steven Overman (Photo: Provided)
Where will future big ideas and new ventures come from, when global creative capitals like New York, San Francisco, London and Tokyo are increasingly unaffordable for the young creative risk-takers who drive the next wave, the next economic paradigm?
When I think about the future, I see a different urban model. A human-scaled, livable place, where existing structures are continuously re-adapted for new purposes including light manufacturing, the production of sustainable energy, and social enterprises. I see vibrant markets for sustainably grown food, an education magnet with lively universities and colleges that specialize in future sources of value, expertise in engineering, creativity, science, and health care. I see an ecosystem of established companies, family businesses and entrepreneurial ventures thriving, competing, collaborating and nurturing each other. I see Rochester.
“Rochester could be a beacon of the conscience economy in action.” Steve Overman, Eastman Kodak Co.
Now could be Rochester's moment, because a new wave is coming, brought about by concurrent shifts in technology and social behavior. A generation of young people around the world have been reared on the Internet, continuously connected to each other through mobile devices. They share concerns about pressing environmental, social and health issues. They are driven to make a difference in the world they're inheriting. They expect business to get with the program. And why shouldn't they? As a civilization, we're heading into uncharted territory of population growth, climate change and resource scarcity. Meanwhile, increasingly accessible information technology empowers us with more urgency than any generation has enjoyed before.
The consequence of the digital revolution is the rise of a global conscience, a globally felt sense of good and bad, of right and wrong. After all, your own conscience needs just two things in order to thrive: a sense of interconnectedness and a means of self-expression. This is exactly what the mobile Internet has provided to billions around the world.
Rochester could be a beacon of the conscience economy in action. Entrepreneurs need space and inventors need labs. We've got plenty of both. At Kodak, one way we're working to catalyze a Rochester renaissance is with what we call the Kodak Space Project. The idea is to provide ultra-low rents to incubators and startups … and to nonprofits as well — especially those who are focused on economic and environmental sustainability.
And over in Eastman Business Park, we're in the process of converting its infrastructure to new uses. Tenants can tap into more than 100 years of deep technical expertise in materials science and groundbreaking technologies. Already home to dozens of tenants, the Park has the potential to make Rochester a worldwide hub for the clean tech industry, with a particular focus on functional films, biomaterials and energy storage.
Let's put our collective vision to work. Because the transformation from Rochester, a place we love, to Rochester, a place the world looks to for inspiration as it drives the next economic paradigm — starts with each of us, and with how we each see not only this place, but also our potential to transform it for good.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Overman is chief marketing officer, Eastman Kodak Co.
"Rochester could be a beacon of the conscience economy in action."
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/1ub8Vyz
Theresa May's newly announced plans to force public companies to publish the pay gap between their top executives and average earners is “completely misguided,” the Adam Smith Institute, a leading free market think-tank, told RT.
Ben Southwood, head of research at the Adam Smith Institute, said the approach is a “silly” way of addressing the issue of social inequality, as there is actually “no problem” with CEOs being paid much more than normal employees.
Read more
His comments follow the government's announcement on Tuesday of a package of reforms on corporate governance that would compel publicly-registered companies to publish how much their chief executives earn compared to their average employee.
The new regulations, which will come into force in June 2018, also seek to give employees a voice at boardroom level, either through the appointment of a non-executive director, an employee advisory council or the nomination of a director from the workforce.
It was revealed by the High Pay Centre in January that workers at the high-end of the income scale earn more in two and a half days than an average worker earns in a year, or 129 times the median annual salary of £28,000.
But Southwood said the proposal - part of a corporate governance revolution promised by Theresa May in the run up to the general election - will do “nothing” to tackle the income discrepancy, while arguing that CEOs salaries are proportional to the amount of responsibility they have.
He dismissed claims of CEOs being overpaid as blown out of proportion, as they are the ones making a “real contribution” to the company.
Chief executives face the burden of having to make “extremely important decisions” in a complex market, Southwood said. Even the slightest action could “make a difference in millions of dollars” to the company, so it is only right they are highly paid, he added.
Read more
“Small improvements or worsening in divisions can make a gigantic difference, so you have to make sure you get absolutely the perfect person,” Southwood remarked.
The Equality Trust, however, hailed the announcement as a “really positive step” that will finally force companies to be more transparent about their remunerations.
Its Executive Director Wanda Wyporska told RT: “It seems that the requirement for companies to publish their CEO pay has started to see the absurd and unjustifiable pay of some CEOs inch down, no doubt partly due to embarrassment felt by companies paying mediocre bosses huge sums. So, light may well be the best disinfectant.
“Pay ratios will go a step further in allowing us to see which companies are treating the rest of their staff fairly.”
Nevertheless, the Equality Trust was not unstinting in its praise, describing parts of the proposals as “pretty disappointing” because companies can opt of adopting the measures if they can justify their reasons for doing so.
“If the Government is serious about stamping out the worst excesses of greed and incompetence found in some UK businesses, it needs to go further than today's announcements.
This echoes comments by Frances O'Grady, the general secretary of the Trade Union Congress (TUC), who described the new framework as “feeble.”
“The prime minister's pledge to put workers on company boards has been watered down beyond all recognition,” she said.
“This now amounts to little more than a box-ticking exercise.”
On Sept. 7, during a town hall event hosted by MSNBC, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump stated he would have "a good relationship" with Russian president Vladimir Putin. It wasn't the first time he's been friendly towards him. (Adriana Usero/The Washington Post)
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump criticized U.S. foreign policy and the American political press corps Thursday during an interview on RT America, a state-owned Russian television network.
In a wide-ranging interview that aired Thursday evening, Trump spoke with journalist Larry King about the presidential race, American intervention in Iraq and the Middle East, and the potential intrusion by Russian hackers into Democratic Party databases. RT, which airs in several countries in English and Russian, is funded by the Russian government; though it characterizes itself as independent, the network has been regularly accused of pro-Kremlin bias.
The interview came as Trump faced sustained criticism for praising Russian President Vladimir Putin, which he has regularly done on the campaign trail — to the discomfort of many members of his own party, who have distanced themselves from the comments.
1 of 60 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × What Donald Trump is doing on the campaign trail View Photos The GOP presidential nominee is pressing his case ahead of Election Day. Caption The GOP presidential nominee is pressing his case ahead of Election Day. Nov. 7, 2016 Donald Trump speaks during a campaign event at SNHU Arena in Manchester, N.H. Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
During an NBC presidential forum Wednesday evening, Trump went further in his praise and said that Putin has been a better leader than President Obama: “Certainly, in that system, he's been a leader, far more than our president has been a leader,” Trump said.
Asked during the RT America interview what has surprised him most about the political process, Trump unloaded on the American press.
“Well, I think the dishonesty of the media. The media has been unbelievably dishonest,” Trump responded. “I mean they'll take a statement that you make which is perfect and they'll cut it up and chop it up and shorten it or lengthen it or do something with it.”
“And all of a sudden it doesn't look as good as it did when you actually said it. But there's tremendous dishonesty with the media. Not all of it, obviously, but tremendous dishonesty,” he said.
The Trump campaign recently lifted a ban on various news outlets, including The Washington Post, which he accused of bias in its coverage.
Trump also dismissed accusations that he doesn't have a firm grasp of military issues or a plan to combat the Islamic State. He said he has a “very distinct plan” and knocked foreign policy under Obama, Hillary Clinton, and former president George W. Bush.
“Hillary Clinton with her policies and Barack Obama — you know, look, we should have never gone into Iraq. Period. We should have never gone in. But once we went in, Larry, we shouldn't have gotten out the way we got out. And the way they got out really caused ISIS, if you think about it. We got out in such a horrible, foolish fashion, instead of leaving some troops behind.”
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and her Republican opponent Donald Trump answered questions on national security and foreign policy Sept. 7 during a "commander-in-chief forum" on NBC News. (Video: NBC News/Photos: Melina Mara/Post, Mike Segar/Reuters)
When King asked Trump if he believed reports that Russian hackers may have targeted Democratic Party databases as part of an effort to influence the American presidential election, Trump said he did not believe that to be the case.
“I think it's probably unlikely. I think maybe the Democrats are putting that out. Who knows? But I think that it's pretty unlikely,” he said. “I hope that if they are doing something I hope that somebody's going to be able to find out so they can end it, because that would not be appropriate.”
King also asked Trump about Putin's assertion that the hack was a “public service,” even as he claimed the Russian government was not involved.
“I don't have any opinion on it. I don't know anything about it. I don't know who hacked. I'm not sure. You tell me. Who hacked? Who did the hacking?” Trump said.
Trump's critics have regularly insinuated that he is overly cozy with pro-Russian interests. Trump's former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, came under fire last month after he was named in a Ukrainian corruption investigation that tied him to a pro-Kremlin political party. Manafort, who has since resigned from the campaign, denied all such connections.
Before that, Trump was widely condemned in July when, in an off-handed remark, he called on the Russian government to intervene in the election by releasing thousands of Clinton's private emails. “Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing,” Trump said during a press conference at one of his South Florida resorts. He added later, “They probably have them. I'd like to have them released.”
Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn — one of Trump's closest advisers — received payment to deliver a speech at an RT party last year, where he sat next to Putin. In an interview with The Washington Post last month, he said that he saw no distinction between RT and news outlets like CNN or MSNBC.
Trump came under fire within minutes of the interview airing. Veteran GOP strategist John Weaver, a vocal anti-Trump Republican, expressed incredulity on social media.
“Condemning the free, 1st amendment protected American media on Russian owned @RT_com is outrageous, even by the lowest of Trump standards,” Weaver said in one tweet.
“I'm just stunned at the insanity of the campaign staff to even consider, allow a @RT_com interview, given the Russian ties already,” Weaver wrote in another tweet.
The Trump campaign played down the interview Thursday evening, explaining that they did not realize it would be broadcast on RT.
"Mr. Trump recorded a short interview with Larry King for his podcast as a favor to Mr. King. What Larry King does with the interview content is up to him; we have nothing to do with it," a Trump spokesperson told The Post.
The Cubs have a quattro of important starters down right now, but thanks to their depth, winning ways, and the hopef-for lengths of the absences, it hasn't felt like this team is injury-ravaged right now.
Jon Lester felt good throwing this week, but his bigger test will be throwing off the mound tomorrow (Sun-Times). Lester was bounced early from his last start after getting blown up by the Reds, and ultimately being put on the DL with lat tightness and shoulder fatigue. After he throws tomorrow, the Cubs will figure out a timeline for his return. Either way, the expectation is that he'll miss at least one more start (Tribune).
The hope has always been that he was essentially just kind of tired and sore (not exactly “injured”), and that a couple weeks of rest would get him ready for the stretch run and the postseason. The Cubs need him to be at his best in late September/October, not necessarily right at this moment. And that's especially true if Mike Montgomery can pitch like he did last night.
Things continue to look good for Cubs catcher Willson Contreras (hamstring strain):
W.Contreras doing a ton of work in the OF. Shuttles, sprints, push ups then right into sprints, Tim Buss working him out — Jesse Rogers (@ESPNChiCubs) August 23, 2017
Russell running full speed in the outfield. Contreras doing a lot out there as well.WC hurt 2 weeks ago today.No way he's out the full 6 IMO — Jesse Rogers (@ESPNChiCubs) August 23, 2017
Contreras catching Arrieta on the side today as well so work progressing there also — Jesse Rogers (@ESPNChiCubs) August 23, 2017
Joe Maddon is quick to pump the brakes on any dreams of a crazy fast Contreras return, though, telling the Tribune, “Biology is biology, and I don't want him to come back too quickly and reinjure it. We'll take this one step at a time.”
The Cubs are unquestionably better with Contreras, and may very well need him to lock down the division. But having seen their division lead grow to its largest size this year, getting great performances so far from Alex Avila, and nabbing Rene Rivera off of waivers for free, the Cubs do have the luxury of being at least as patient as necessary with Contreras's return.
The injury, which Contreras suffered a little over two weeks ago, was originally estimated as a four to six week injury, and we'll leave it there for now.
We heard yesterday that Addison Russell (foot strain, plantar fasciitis) believes he can be back in about 10 days, though Joe Maddon estimates that a three to four-day minor league rehab assignment will be necessary before Russell is back up with the big league team (Tribune).
If all continues to progress well on Russell's foot, I still think we're most likely to see him back with the big league team right around when the calendar flips to September, and the roster expands to include the full 40-man. If that's to be the case, and if Russell needs three or four days in the minors, hopefully we hear about him heading out for a rehab assignment within the next week.
In the meantime, Javy Baez will continue to cover the Cubs at shortstop, as he has so well.
Kris Bryant's hand was already feeling better yesterday after getting hit by a pitch on Tuesday (Sun-Times). There is no explicit word yet that he will return to the lineup tonight, but there also hasn't been any indication that he'll definitely sit again.
We'll see when the lineup comes out this afternoon for the series finale against the Reds. For what it's worth, the Cubs are facing righty Sal Romano, who has been absolutely crushed by fellow righties this year (small sample).
Corrina Mehiel (Photo: Provided/Art Academy of Cincinnati)
Update, March 28: Washington D.C. police announced Tuesday that an arrest has been made in connection with the death of Corrina Mehiel, a former Art Academy of Cincinnati professor and DAAP graduate.
El Hadji Alpha Madiou Toure, 28, was arrested Monday. Police said he was initially arrested for an outstanding warrant in a jurisdiction outside D.C.
Toure is charged with first-degree murder and theft. Mehiel was found stabbed to death inside a D.C. residence March 21.
Police said Toure has no fixed address. Investigators have not revealed any motive for the slaying.
Update March 25: Washington D.C. police released more information about a possible suspect wanted in connection with the Tuesday killing of Corrina Mehiel, a former Art Academy of Cincinnati instructor and DAAP graduate.
Police released more photos and surveillance footage of a person-of-interest. Investigators said the man is believed to have frequented the Laurel and Beltsville areas in Maryland since the slaying.
Mehiel's car, which went missing after her death, was recovered by police, officials said.
ORIGINAL STORY: Corrina Mehiel, a former Art Academy of Cincinnati instructor and DAAP graduate, was found fatally stabbed and tied up inside a Washington D.C. residence Tuesday.
Police were called to the 600 block of 14th Street, Northeast just after 4 p.m. Mehiel was pronounced dead at the scene. She had been stabbed multiple times.
Investigators are searching for both her car and a suspect caught by a surveillance camera in Maryland. The individual was spotted at an establishment located in the 5000 block of Garrett Avenue in Beltsville.
Mehiel drove a blue 2004 Toyota Prius with a Kentucky license plate of 722 RMY. The vehicle has a yellow bumper sticker under the license plate.
The Metropolitan Police Department's Homicide Branch reported that Mehiel was from Burnsville, North Carolina. However, the 34-year-old was born in Seattle and lived in the Cincinnati area for several years.
Mehiel received her Master of Fine Arts degree from the University of Cincinnati's College of Design, Architecture, Art, and Planning in 2013, according to her website.
Flavia Bastos, a professor of art education at DAAP, said she's still in denial that Mehiel is gone. She remembered her student as multi-faceted, independent and brave, and noted that she was not careless.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"She was an example of the new generation of artists who really want to put their talents and service toward creating a better world," Bastos said. "I really think she did that, and in the process, she really touched the lives of the people she came in contact with."
A photo of Corrina Mehiel's car which has been missing since she was killed Tuesday. (Photo: Provided/Metropolitan Police Department)
Bastos and Mehiel traveled together to Dusseldorf, Germany to speak about Mehiel's "Clothes Swap Cincinnati" project, which aimed to take the normally private practice of trading clothes and turn it into an event that brings the community together.
"It was probably one of my favorite conference experiences," Bastos said. "She was a really mature, sophisticated student... she was just graceful and insightful. It was just fabulous."
From 2014 until last year, Mehiel was an adjunct professor at the Art Academy teaching the classes in sculpture, art, design and social practice.
While there she directed a short film, led a community art project at the Contemporary Arts Center and partnered her class with Corrina's Art Academy with the Health Department of Cincinnati and artist Mel Chin's "Operation Paydirt" to explore how art and design can impact issues of lead contamination in Cincinnati.
Most recently, Mehiel was working with the Mel Chin Studio, which was participating in the "Fundred Reserve" at the Corcoran School of the Arts and Design in Washington D.C.
In a statement released Thursday, Jennifer Spurlock, the school's director of community Education, remembered Mehiel's project planting flowers in defunct parking meters around Findlay Market.
Surveillance photo of a person of interest in the killing of Corrina Mehiel. (Photo: Provided/Metropolitan Police Department)
“Her dress was as bright as her smile which was as bright as the flowers she was planting. All part of a social art project," Spurlock wrote. "That was Corrina. Her spirit, smile, social impact was a total package.”
The Art Academy said Thursday it is accepting donations made in Mehiel's memory. Basto has no doubt that her former student will be remembered.
"For a 34-year-old woman, she already has a tremendous legacy," Bastos said. "Those of us who interacted with her, who met her, who considered her a friend can find some solace in the fact that she is larger than her life."
For the UC professor, Mehiel was more than a student.
"Teachers are supposed to inspire students, but I think every now and then, a student inspires you to be the best you can be," she said. "She helped me see the world in a different way."
D.C. police are asking anyone with information about Mehiel's killing to call 202-727-9099. Anonymous information can also by texting 50411.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2mV7uE0
Como ecologistas estamos tan indignados con @ManuelaCarmena que en el próximo pleno pensamos robarle el boli http://t.co/cksUIdhXjA #AndaQue
— EQUO Madrid (@equomadrid) agosto 20, 2015
Qué difícil lo tiene el humor para competir con la prensa seria http://t.co/flbNrvlsEZ
— Quique Peinado (@quiquepeinado) agosto 20, 2015
Que un periódico favorable a la tortura de los toros saque una noticia de que Carmena ha arrancado una flor, me parece flipante
— Rubén López (@rubenlodi) agosto 20, 2015
La APM y la FAPE han dicho algo de esto?? La verdad: http://t.co/vAtqD3yLAB y La Razón nada menos que en portada: pic.twitter.com/A3uFppl9Vh
— rosa maría artal (@rosamariaartal) agosto 19, 2015
El día que La Razón descubra que Carmena no es virgen...
— Rubén López (@rubenlodi) agosto 20, 2015
Carmena roba una flor. La corrupción en este país no tiene fin.
— Lucía Taboada (@TaboadaLucia) agosto 20, 2015
Me confieso admirado porque La Razón haya buscado en la lista roja de especies amenazadas que la flor que llevaba Carmena está en peligro.
— Antonio Maestre (@AntonioMaestre) agosto 20, 2015
La arremetida de La Razón este jueves contra Manuela Carmena es de esas cosas que no te crees si no las ves. Y ya van tres días de sacarle punta a la semana de vacaciones de la alcaldesa madrileña en Cádiz. La cosa va hoy de “la flor prohibida” que portaba la jueza en la foto del bañador y pareo que fue portada del periódico de Marhuenda el martes pasado, y que, según afirma el diario, fue arrancada de “una planta protegida en peligro de extinción”.Carmena portaba durante su paseo por la playa un ejemplar de Pancratium Maritimum, una planta –aclara La Razón- “incluida en la lista roja de especies en peligro de extinción de la Junta de Andalucía y en otras comunidades autónomas”. ¡Vaya, por Dios! Asegura el diario que el gesto no ha pasado desapercibido por “los defensores de la naturaleza”, aunque ninguna organización ecologista, que sepamos, ha denunciado a la alcaldesa por ello, a excepción, claro, de Equo, el partido que fundó el exdirector de Greenpeace Juan López de Uralde, que promete un castigo acorde al delito de la alcaldesa:En las redes, como era de esperar, muchos se ríen hoy del nuevo gatillazo de La Razón sobre la transgresora alcaldesa.
Daniel W. Drezner is a professor of international politics at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University and a regular contributor to PostEverything
The big political news yesterday was that Hillary Clinton came out against the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Because … um … reasons:
I'm continuing to learn about the details of the new Trans-Pacific Partnership, including looking hard at what's in there to crack down on currency manipulation, which kills American jobs, and to make sure we're not putting the interests of drug companies ahead of patients and consumers. But based on what I know so far, I can't support this agreement …. I still believe in the goal of a strong and fair trade agreement in the Pacific as part of a broader strategy both at home and abroad, just as I did when I was Secretary of State. I appreciate the hard work that President Obama and his team put into this process and recognize the strides they made. But the bar here is very high and, based on what I have seen, I don't believe this agreement has met it.
Now, sure, the mainstream media is going to point out the 45 times that Clinton as secretary of state supported the TPP. And they're going to point out that the agreement will bolster the U.S. pivot to East Asia, which was a key part of Clinton's rebalancing strategy, which was one of her biggest accomplishments as secretary of state. And they're going to point out that the objection she voiced about drug companies seems way off base:
[T]he final version of the TPP wound up being less friendly to big drug companies than the version US negotiators proposed. If Clinton was concerned about the TPP being too friendly to big drug companies, the final version should have made her more, not less, comfortable, than the “gold standard” version she once praised.
But, to be fair, Clinton is right that the TPP does not cover currency manipulation. And to be fair, she laid down this marker on the TPP six whole months ago. Never mind that no U.S. trade deal was ever going to cover currency manipulation because it would restrict U.S. monetary policy. Never mind that in the four years Clinton was secretary of state she never once brought up currency manipulation as something that should be tackled under the auspices of the TPP.
Because once you're thinking about it, there are an awful lot of other things that the Trans-Pacific Partnership doesn't cover beyond currency manipulation:
so-called “mode IV services,” permitting workers from TPP member countries to work in other TPP member countries;
the complete elimination of agricultural barriers and duties;
a helpful explainer of Canadian dairy politics for non-Canadians, because it makes no sense to the rest of us;
democracy promotion within nondemocratic TPP members like Vietnam;
proper border demarcation for the South China Sea;
a cure for cancer.
So, yeah, the TPP is a flawed agreement, and I suspect that its supporters will overhype its benefits in the debate that Congress will have going forward. It got me wondering whether I should reconsider my support for TPP and even trade promotion authority.
But when I have these doubts about TPP, I remember some wise words about the nature of trade negotiations:
It's safe to say that the TPP won't be perfect — no deal negotiated among a dozen countries ever will be — but its higher standards, if implemented and enforced, should benefit American businesses and workers.
And this puts it in perfect context. No trade deal was going to include anything about currency manipulation. We live in an imperfect world, and TPP is an imperfect but nonetheless useful deal. And that's the best way to think about this trade deal.
The author of that quote, on page 78 of “Hard Choices” sure seems to know what she's talking about. I only wish that rebooted Hillary Clinton had read those words announcing her position.
If you're a fan of Clash of Clans who owns an Android device, you might want to sit down before you read on.
Supercell, the Finnish company that develops the hit game, said last month it is exploring the idea of releasing apps for Android — well it turns out that Clash of Clans is available for Android. There is a large caveat, however, since it appears that the app is in limited beta at this point and therefore not available to members of the public.
News of the app comes from a Supercell fan meeting that took place in San Francisco on Wednesday evening. There, community manager Stephen Rosenhein revealed an Android beta to the delight of many fans — including super-gamer ‘Chief Pat', who was flown in and given a hotel to attend the event:
Btw…. THERES ANDROID BETA FOR CLASH OF CLANS!!!!!! — Chief Pat (@Chief_Pat) September 26, 2013
From his post on the Supercell forum :
Event Summary:
5pm: Started with Godson and I are doing raids on live TV. Scored a nice 800k raid live! Lost a GoWiPe because of no CC troops
6pm: Q+A with myself, Godson, Dahimi
6:30pm: Small cinematic CoC video with real life cosplay.
7pm: Video from Finland talking about the new village design feature
7:30: Community feedback (people would go on stage and pitch ideas)
8pm: Hanging out and chatting,
Sometime at the end Steve announced CoC Beta for Android.
It seems some users were disappointed that the Android beta was revealed at the end of the meet-up, when many had left, but the news is significant for the legions of Supercell fans that own Android devices.
It could be that the meeting was a sneak peak and the beta is officially launched on Thursday, US time — we've reached out to the company to get more details of its plans for Android.
We're also keeping our eyes out should the beta drop into the Google Play Store for everyone to download.
Supercell has pursued an iOS-only strategy to date, but CEO Ilkka Paananen conceded that Android was essential if the company is to succeed in Asia — where many developers prioritize Android over iOS in accordance with the Google platform's dominance.
Back in April, Supercell was bringing in $2.4 million a day from its apps. At that time, the company was valued at $770 million.
Thanks @vanalli
Read next: UK regulator: Kids shouldn't be pressured into making in-game purchases
Hot on the heels of its highly successful Kickstarter debut, the new Guitar Wing controller from Livid Instruments has just been selected by Popular Science as one of their 2014 Invention Awards winners. The 2014 Invention Awards winners are profiled in the May 2014 print edition of Popular Science; the article about Guitar Wing can also be viewed online here: Invention Awards 2014: An Electronic Studio at Guitarists' Fingertips.
As a further honor, Guitar Wing was included among a handful of Invention Awards winners featured on CBS This Morning: Saturday, as seen in this clip (Guitar Wing's at the end):
Harkening back to Viditar, Livid Instruments founder Jay Smith‘s first MIDI controller design, Guitar Wing was developed in collaboration with ‘controllerism' booster Matt Moldover to give guitar and bass players wireless control over not only DAWs and software plug-in effects, but also iOS apps, MIDI-enabled effects hardware and even lighting and visual platforms.
Guitar Wing will be arriving soon at Nova Musik, so pre-order yours today and also check out the rest of our Livid Instruments inventory at novamusik.com. You can also check out some more great Guitar Wing videos
Moldover introduces Guitar Wing:
Living Colour's Vernon Reid is a fan:
KC from Livid Instruments offers tutorial videos on using Guitar Wing with your DAW or plug-in software:
Advertisements
Cahaba Brewing Co. will increase its production capacity about eight-fold when it moves into a historic building in Avondale.
Cahaba Brewing will move into the Continental Gin building at 4500 Fifth Ave. S. before the end of the year.
"We wanted somewhere with a lot of character," Cahaba Brewing Partner Andrew Pharo said. "There are a lot of historical aspects and a interesting architectural aspect to the building."
The Birmingham brewery will rent about 51,000 square feet, but will only use about 21,000 square feet for brewing and the tap room. The remaining space it hopes to sublet for complementary businesses, like retail or a restaurant.
Between the renovations and new equipment, the total investment will be around $2 million, Pharo said.
Southpace Properties served as the leasing agent. Rives Construction is the general contractor and Williams Blackstock Architect is the architect.
Last month, Cahaba Brewing launched its first beers in cans.
The new building will have ample parking, which the current building at 2616 3rd Ave S. lacks, as well as a patio. The larger space will allow much larger tanks which will allow the brewery to increase its production capacity. Cahaba subcontracted the canning of its first batch of the American Blonde Ale to a company in Virginia, but after the move will have the capacity to do all its canning in house.
"The growth the brewery has seen over the last few years has been phenomenal," said Eric Meyer, one of the brewery's partners. "That's what's pushing us to go into the new building."
In March, Cahaba will release 22-ounce bottles, called bombers, of Double Barrel Rye Imperial Stout. It'll only sell about 200 bottles of the beer, which has been aged for 11 months in Kentucky bourbon barrels.
Click here for more news about Alabama's breweries.
Thanks for visiting my fundraising page!
My name is Ben Moss, I am a student in London and I am going to be running the 2012 Virgin London Marathon for Sense (or rather dancing it!). For many years I have been a keen morris dancer and to help raise funds and awareness I hope to dance the course, in full kit, bells and all! In the gallery below there's a short video I did with Sense to explain a little bit more about exactly what I'll be doing! If you want to make a guess at how long you think it will take me then visit my Guess2Give page at https://login.guess2give.com/guess/registerguesses/558 just £3 a guess and 50p goes into the prize fund while £2.50 goes to Sense.
My brother ran the 2010 Virgin London Marathon for Sense as well and the work they do is really amazing. Sense is the lading national charity that supports and campaigns for children and adults who are deafblind. They provide expert advice and information as well as specialist services to deafblind people, their families, carers and the professionals who work with them. They also support people who have sensory impairments with additional disabilities. For more information you can visit their site at http://www.sense.org.uk/
For all those people who have been asking who the musician is going to be, I'm afraid I have not found anyone crazy enough to play for 26.2 miles, and the marathon organisers might take exception to musicians bursting onto the course every few miles in a relay race of musical accompaniment. Next year we'll get a set of 6 with a full compliment of musicians out...
Azerbaijan, Georgia, Turkey launch new Asia-to-Europe rail link
BAKU
The leaders of Azerbaijan, Turkey and Georgia launched an 826-kilometer (500-mile) rail link connecting the three countries on Oct. 30, establishing a freight and passenger link between Europe and China that bypasses Russia.
The line, which includes 105 km of new track, will have the capacity to transport one million passengers and 6.5 million tons of freight. This capacity will rise to three million passengers and 17 million tons of freight by 2034.
The 826-km (513-mile) railway project connecting Baku with the northeastern Turkish province of Kars via Tbilisi was launched in 2007 and construction began in 2008.
The Baku-Tbilisi-Kars (BTK) railway project is a crucial step for the region's future, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said at the inauguration ceremony in Baku on Oct. 30.
“The most important leg of the Middle Corridor Project [to unite Europe and Asia via Anatolia] has been fulfilled with the first service of the BTK railway,” Erdoğan said alongside Azerbaijan President Ilham Aliyev and Georgian Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili.
“Baku-Tbilisi-Kars is part of the Great Silk Road and it is important that we have implemented this project using our own funds,” he added, state-run Anadolu Agency reported.
“We are declaring the establishment of a continuous railway link from London to China,” he added.
The three countries are linked by the BP-led Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline and the Baku-Tbilisi-Erzurum gas line, but trade links between Turkey and the Caucasus region are limited. The new railway promises to provide an economic boost to the region. The new link will reduce journey times between China and Europe to around 15 days, which is more than twice as fast as the sea route at less than half the price of flying.
Trains can depart from cities in China, cross into Kazakhstan at the Khorgos Gateway, be transported across the Caspian Sea by ferry to the New Port of Baku, and then be loaded directly onto the BTK in order to head to Europe.
‘Creating value for region'
Erdoğan said the railway's contribution to the region would not just be economic but “the project will politically bring peace, security and stability and, socially, it will bring welfare.”
For his part, Aliyev described the Baku-Tbilisi-Kars line as a “historic, global project,” praising the funding of the project by the region's own resources.
“This project will bring our countries closer to each other. It will play its role in ensuring stability and security in the region. It will increase our economic capabilities and we will get a lot of funds,” he said, adding that the project was possible only thanks to the joint efforts of Azerbaijan, Georgia and Turkey.
“We have not received any help from anywhere, we have not received any loans, we have built this railroad at the expense of domestic opportunities and put it into operation today,” Aliyev said, as quoted by Azerbaijan's local news agencies.
The project's total cost rose to more than $1 billion from an initial estimate of about $400 million, Reuters reported. The bulk of that financing came from Azerbaijan's state oil fund.
Europe ‘voices interest'
Several European countries have expressed an interest in the project and Azerbaijan is in talks with them, Aliyev also said, adding that Kazakhstan and other countries in Central Asia are interested in transporting their goods via the BTK.
Kvirikashvili said the project was a “bridge between Asia and Europe.”
“This line will both tie economies and people together. Today, a new Eurasian bridge is being put into operation ... The project will have impetus to tourism and new jobs will be created,” he added.
They're turning the frogs gay.
If you have ever watched a video by the internet's premier conspiracy theorist, Infowars' Alex Jones, you will know that this is an undeniable fact. Chemicals in the water are turning the (frigging) frogs gay.
The blatant absurdity of this conspiracy theory makes it one of the most widely mocked and memed of Jones' outbursts (though one 2010 study showed that pesticides can turn male frogs to females, this is very different from an active government plan to make frogs homosexual). Yet despite the ridiculousness of the red-faced ranter, he has a large and vocal fan base that even includes the 45th president of the United States himself.
We seem to be living in an era where conspiracy theories are booming. From Hillary Clinton's paedophile pizza parlour, to Russian hackers, Red Pillers, Obama's communist coup and Trump's 4D Chess – the internet has been flooded with conspiracies from both the Left and Right. Dr Robert Bartholomew, a sociologist who specialises in mass delusions, believes that social media has exacerbated conspiracy culture.
“We now live in a niche world, making it easier for people to construct their own reality - a world as they want it to be, not as it is,” he says. “A person who believes that Obama wasn't born in the US can just visit sites that reinforce his or her beliefs." Batholomew explains that because of the internet, conspiracies can be passed on “at the speed of light”, while other experts have noted that emotions can also spread online, in a process known as “emotional contagion”.
Yet though social media helps conspiracies to spread, the psychology behind them is age-old.
“Conspiracy theories are a product of our psychology and our psychology doesn't really change over time,” says Dr Robert Brotherton, author of Suspicious Minds: Why We Believe Conspiracy Theories. “A certain proportion of people have always been receptive to conspiracy theories.” But who are these people – and what happens to make them fervently believe in gay frogs?
Brotherton emphasises that the psychological biases at work in conspiracy theorists' minds are biases that we all possess to some extent. The “proportionality bias” means that if something big happens, we intuitively assume that something big must have caused it. Some of us can accept when this isn't the case – when a lone gunman, for example, is responsible for assassinating the president from a grassy knoll – but others go looking for alternative explanations.
Humans also have a propensity to seek patterns, so we bend over backwards to connect unrelated facts (side note: why do the two psychologists thus far in this piece have remarkably similar names? Is there a psychologist Illuminati?).
“Confirmation bias” also means that we accept information that confirms our beliefs and ignore that which doesn't. Once these biases lead someone towards a conspiracy theory, they might develop a “conspiracy worldview”, whereby everything becomes suspicious. Brotherton explains, for example, that after the Watergate scandal was exposed, conspiracy theorists weren't vindicated like you would expect - but instead believed that the official narrative was a cover-up and that Nixon was set up.
A Pizzagate post on 4Chan, outlining alleged patterns and meanings
Yet though the psychology behind conspiracies is timeless, Brotherton does note that certain factors exacerbate our willingness to believe. And it's not only right-wing Americans who are susceptible.
“One of the things I think that is most revealing is how quickly conspiracy fears have shifted to the left, especially in the States, since the election,” he says. The night before the election, videos spread on right-wing social media profiles claiming to show that electronic voting machines were rigged to vote for Clinton. When Trump won, Democrats began to believe that Russians had hacked the voting machines in favour of Trump (though claims Russia manipulated the election are rooted in fact, there is no evidence they tampered with the actual count).
A Pizzagate meme
Brotherton explains that cognitive dissonance is to blame. “In an election, if you voted for the losing candidate, that makes you feel kind of bad because it's not what you wanted, and makes you look kind of silly, like why would you vote for the loser?" The most obvious solution to this, Brotherton argues, would be to accept your chosen candidate wasn't so good, and consider the perspectives of your political opponents.
"Obviously that's not what happens at all," he says. Instead, Brotherton argues, we tend to go in the other direction. Instead of admitting that our candidate lost because they had flaws, we theorise about hacking and rigging in order to feel as though we were right all along.
A false claim about Donald Trump's administration
Yet conspiracy theories do continue to spread among the far right as well as the left, despite their electoral gains. Dr Mike Wood, a psychology lecturer and expert in the techniques used by conspiracy theorists online, explains that those with extreme political views might still be drawn towards conspiracy theories, even when they gain some power.
This is because their extreme position means they are still unlikely to get to accomplish what they want to do. "They have to rationalise that in some way," Wood says. "Often that leads to conspiracy theories.”
A Pizzagate meme
Alienation, a lack of control, and uncertainty are all facts that lead someone towards a conspiracy worldview, explains Wood. As he puts it: “basically conspiracy theories are a way to try and make sense of the world that in that moment doesn't particularly make sense.” According to Wood, victims of social exclusion do tend to take conspiracy theories more seriously.
“If the world seems like a very random and kind of capricious place where things don't particularly make sense and you can't really control what's going on, that's when conspiracy theories are at their strongest," he says. Conspiracy theories "allege that things that are happening are basically controllable".
It is hard to say whether any of this is at work in the mind of Conspirator-in-Chief Donald Trump. The President has previously spread information from Jones' Infowars, most notably when he claimed three million votes in the election were cast illegally. “I won the popular vote,” he tweeted alongside this alleged fact, perhaps attempting to explain away his own cognitive dissonance. Yet whether or not Trump believes the conspiracies he spreads, the psychologists I speak to agree on one thing. Having such a high-profile figure spreading conspiracies means they're not going away any time soon.
A Ray of Hope — Paul Craig Roberts
A Ray of Hope
Paul Craig Roberts
America has been a discouraging landscape ever since the neoconservatives took over US foreign policy during the Clinton regime and started the two decades of war crimes that define 21st century America and ever since US corporations betrayed the US work force by moving American jobs to Asia.
The outlook became darker when the Obama regime resurrected the Russian Threat and elevated the prospect of military conflict between the nuclear powers.
As Europe is caught in the middle, in normal circumstances European countries would have insisted that Washington cease the gratuitous provocations of Russia. But normal circumstances have not existed. Since the end of WW2, European countries have been vassals without independent economic and foreign policies.
Europe hosts US military bases that threaten Russia. Europe has backed Washington's wars of aggression against Serbia, Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Washington's air attacks on provinces of Pakistan, and Washington's use of Saudi Arabia to fight its proxy war against Yemen.
Europe has backed Washington's gratuitous economic sanctions against Iran and Russia, sanctions that have cost Europe much and Washington little.
Accustomed to having its way with Europe, Washington commits Europe without even consulting the vassal governments. Now it seems Washington's extraordinary arrogance and hubris has resulted in overreach. Confronted with a new round of sanctions against Russia, Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission told Washington that the time has passed when Washington can put its interests first and Europe's last.
The new sanctions have devastating economic and political consequences for Europe. Juncker said that if Europe's “concerns are not taken into account sufficiently, we stand ready to act appropriately within a matter of days.”
The German and French foreign ministries added their support to Juncker. The German foreign ministry said: “It is not in the Americans' right to judge or stipulate which way European companies may engage in cooperation with any third parties – particularly, with Russian energy companies.”
The French foreign ministry said: the sanctions “contradict international law” due to their “extraterritorial reach.”
Europe views the sanctions as a tool of US industrial policy that elevates US business interests over Europe's business interests.
Let's hope that Washington's arrogance will not permit Washington to back down and that Europe will give Washington the finger and disengage from the American Empire. Without Europe to host its military bases and to parrot its propaganda, Washington's ability to threaten Russia would significantly decline. Indeed, a continuation of the hostile threatening attitude toward Russia would leave Washington isolated in the world. No country wants the risk of experiencing nuclear war merely for the sake of Washington's unilateralism.
SEOUL, South Korea — Every year an untold number of dogs, raised in cramped and inhumane commercial breeding grounds known as “puppy mills,” make their way from South Korea and elsewhere into your local kennel for re-sale at premium prices, a GlobalPost investigation revealed in June.
The report also showed that the US government had not been enforcing a key animal import law, effectively allowing pups to pass through the border at such young ages that they were vulnerable to serious disease and even death.
Now, just two months after the GlobalPost investigation, the US Department of Agriculture announced it would finally start enforcing a 6-year-old law to fight the trade in such illicit dog imports.
The measure, first codified as part of the 2008 Farm Bill, bans the import of puppies under six months old, and requires those of legal age to be in good health. It will go into effect in November.
It's a change that's needed, say animal welfare experts. This summer, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warned that young puppies were slipping past American borders from rabies-endemic countries without proper vaccinations.
Young pups are regularly flown to the US from South Korea, China, Mexico and Eastern Europe after being crammed into dirty plastic tubes. Many are too young and sickly to survive their flights, while others perish upon arrival in their new homes.
Some Mexican smugglers cram the canines into trunks and pockets, then drive them in unbearable heat across the border. In Asia, dog meat vendors butcher and cook some of the breeding mothers who outlive their usefulness, unable to pump out more litters.
So unregulated is this global trade that the Humane Society of the United States (HSUS) and experts have long cried foul over threats to animal welfare and public health.
With such a perilous industry raking in the cash, why the huge delay despite relentless pressure from Congress and the experts for years? “Any changes to federal regulations can be years in the making and the agency [the USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service] had to weigh input from many stakeholders,” said Kathleen Summers, puppy mills campaign manager for the Humane Society of the United States.
“As we make progress toward improving US laws both at the state and federal level, this ruling ensures that we don't leave the back door open for puppies to be imported from foreign puppy mills, where animal protection laws are minimal to nonexistent,” she said.
Yet there's far more work to do, since a number of unsavory smugglers can find ways to sneak their “goods” past American borders, say animal welfare specialists.
Success will depend on whether Congress has approved additional funds to police the ban, said James Serpell, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania's veterinary school. If the trade is lucrative, it could be driven underground where the conditions and public health risks would probably be worse, he said.
“That, of course, is the pessimistic view,” he added.
“If the ban is successful in shutting down foreign imports, it will obviously be a good thing for animal welfare and public health,” Serpell said. “However, it may also increase the demand for home grown puppies and potentially provide an economic boost for the puppy mill industry in the USA.”
(FFRF) The Latin cross and flag, which the FFRF claims violate the U.S. Constitution, are displayed inside a courthouse in Georgia, U.S.A.
An atheist group is demanding the removal of a Christian flag and Latin cross from a Georgia courthouse, saying it violates the U.S. Constitution.
In a letter to Clerk of Courts Rebecca Rowe of Bryant County, the Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF) said the display of the Latin cross on a flag is contrary to the Establishment Clause, which prohibits government's endorsement of religion.
"A majority of federal courts has held displays of Latin crosses on public property to be an unconstitutional endorsement of religion," it said. "The inherent religious significance of the Christian flag and Latin cross is undeniable and is not disguisable."
The FFRF added that "no secular purpose, no matter how sincere, will detract from the overall message that the flag stands for Christianity and the overall display promotes Christianity."
It claims that the display "confers government of Christianity, a blatant violation of the Establishment Clause."
The flag is positioned next to the judge's bench in a Bryant County courtroom.
The FFRF said the flag is a traditional Christian design that was conceptualised by Protestants in the early 20th century.
"The white in the flag is said to represent the biblical notions of purity, the blue is supposed to stand for baptism in water and the red is meant to symbolise the sacrifice that Jesus made for mankind," it said.
FFRF co-president Annie Laurie Gaylor said "Christianity has no place in our secular courtrooms. The flag needs to be gotten rid of at once."
The flag, it said, is sending a message to the nearly 30 percent of non-Christians that they are not "favoured members of the political community," quoting the U.S. Supreme Court.
It added that the cross creates "an exclusionary effect, making non-Christian and non-believing residents of Bryant County political outsiders."
"It is unconstitutional for a government entity to display a flag with a patently religious symbol and meaning on its grounds. You must take immediate action and remove this flag from the courthouse," FFRF said in the letter.
QUESTION: Can a man marry a jinni female? ANSWER: In the Name of Allah, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
All praise and thanks are due to Allah, and peace and blessings be upon His Messenger.
Dear questioner, thank you very much for having confidence in us, and we hope our efforts, which are purely for Allah's Sake, meet your expectations.
The question of whether a human may marry a jinni is a controversial one. There is no evidence from the Shari`ah that can be said to be authentic in that regard.
The majority of jurists are of the opinion that such a marriage is not lawful, but some jurists consider it to be lawful. The first opinion is the more correct to follow.
Allah Almighty says: "And among His Signs is this, that He created for you mates from among yourselves, that ye may dwell in tranquility with them, and He has put love and mercy between your (hearts): verily in that are Signs for those who reflect" (Ar-Rum: 21)
He is Almighty also says: ''O people! be careful of (your duty to) your Lord, Who created you from a single being and created its mate of the same (kind) and spread from these two, many men and women; and be careful of (your duty to) Allah, by Whom you demand one of another (your rights), and (to) the ties of relationship; surely Allah ever watches over you" (An-Nisaa': 1).
In these verses, mate and mates refer to spouses from the same kind, i.e., humankind.
Besides, there would be no offspring if a human and a jinni were to marry each other.
According to Mughni Al-Muhtaj by Al-Khateeb Asherbini, a Shafi`e scholar, there are two kinds of prohibitions to marriage: perpetual and non-perpetual. Of the perpetual prohibitions is marriage between humans and jinn; it is not lawful for a member of human kind to marry a jinni.
Allah Almighty says: ''O people! be careful of (your duty to) your Lord, Who created you from a single being and created its mate of the same (kind)" (An-Nisaa': 1). He is Almighty also says: "It is He Who created you from a single person, and made his mate of like nature." (Al-A`raf: 189).
An unauthentic hadith was reported on the authority of Ibn Abi Ad-Dunya to the effect that it is forbidden to marry the jinn.
According to Rad Al-Mehtar `ala Ad-Dur Al-Mukhtar by Ibn `Abdein, a Hanifi scholar, the jurists define marriage as “a contract that makes it lawful for a man to make love to a woman without there being a lawful prohibition to this marriage.” A lawful prohibition here refers to marriage to another man or to a hermaphrodite, a polytheist woman, a closely related woman, or a female jinn.
Contemplating the verses ''Marry women of your choice" (An-Nisaa': 3) and"And Allah has made wives for you from among yourselves" (An-Nahl: 72), one can realize that it is only women of human kind that are lawful for men to marry. In addition, a jinn male may take the form of a female and vise versa.
Also according to Al-Ashbah, a book on juristic rules by Ibn Nujaym, marriage between a human and a jinni is not lawful, for they are of different worlds.
It was said that Al-Hassan Al-Basri was of the opinion that such a marriage is lawful so long as there are witnesses to it. But it was also reported that he did not believe it is lawful.
Any way, the more correct opinion to follow in this regard is that it is not lawful for a human being to marry a jinni, for they are of different worlds.
In Al-Ashbah wa An-Nadha'r, Imam As-Suyuti, an eminent Shafi`i scholar, wrote: ''Answering the question 'is it lawful for a human being to marry a jinni?' Imad Ibn Yunus said, 'Yes.'”
This question was also one of those that Sheikh Jamal Ad-Din Al-Esnawi posed to the supreme judge Sharaf Ad-Din Al-Barazi.
Sheikh Jamal asked the supreme judge, “Is it lawful for a man to marry a female jinn? Contemplating Allah's Words "And among His Signs is this, that He created for you mates from among yourselves" (Ar-Rum: 21), I find that from among yourselves refers to that one's mate or spouse is to be from the same kind as one, and this is a blessing from Almighty Allah. But if we supposed that this might be lawful, as Ibn Unus said in Sharh Al-Wajeiz, would the man in this case have the right to oblige his jinn wife to stick to home or not? Suppose also that he would dislike seeing her in a form other than the human one; would he have the right to prevent her from incarnating in other forms? Also, would the conditions required in a valid marriage contract be required in this case, also? For instance, would the jinn's guardian's approval be required? Would their marriage be acceptable according to the jinn laws? Suppose that once, he did not recognize her, for she was incarnating in a form different from that he usually sees her in, but she told him it was she. Would he believe her and thus could he make love to her? Would he also be required to provide her with food that the jinn eat, such as bones and the like?”
The supreme judge Sharaf Ad-Din Al-Barazi answered:
It is not lawful that members of human kind marry members of jinn kind. This is inferred from the following verses: 'And Allah has made wives for you from among yourselves' (An-Nahl: 72) and 'And among His Signs is this, that He created for you mates from among yourselves' (Ar-Rum: 21).
The exegetes say about these verses that the words from among yourselves in both verses refer to human kind; they may be paraphrased from your own kind or from your own nature.
These verses are analogous to the verse “Now hath come unto you a Messenger from amongst yourselves” (At-Tawbah: 128), for from amongst yourselves here refers also to human kind.
Besides, Allah Almighty refers in His Book to the women who are lawful for men to marry: “O Prophet! We have made lawful to thee thy wives to whom thou hast paid their dowers; and those whom thy right hand possesses out of the prisoners of war whom Allah has assigned to thee; and daughters of thy paternal uncles and aunts, and daughters of thy maternal uncles and aunts” (Al-Ahzab: 50). [What was applied to the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) according to this verse is also applied to Muslim men in general.] Mind that it is juristically known that this verse also indicates that single women who are not related to one may also be marriageable to one.
Allah Almighty also refers in His Book to the women who are prohibited in marriage to one. Notice all this is about marriage to women of human nature. This is because there is no marriage between human beings and jinn. (The words of Sharaf Ad-Din Al-Barazi end here.)
[Still according to As-Suyuti,] Sheikh Jamal Ad-Din Al-Esnawi commented:
This is Al-Barazi's answer. If I was asked for my opinion in this, I would say that marriage between human beings and jinn is unlawful for many reasons.
First, Al-Kermani reported in his Masa'il that there was a hadith reported to the effect that the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) forbade marriage from the jinn.
Though this hadith is not authentically reported, yet its truthfulness is supported by the opinions of the scholars in that respect. For example, Al-Hasan Al-Basri, Qatadah, Al-Hakam ibn Uyaynah, Ishaq ibn Rahawei, and `Uqbah Al-Assam were of the opinion that this marriage is not lawful. Also, Al-Jamal As-Sajstani, a Hanifi scholar, said in his book, Minyat Al-Mufti `an Al-Fatawa As-Sirajjiyyah: “Marriage between human kind and jinn is not lawful, for they are of different worlds.”
Second, the aims of marriage are to find tranquility, peace, and compassion with a partner close to one. All this would be lacking with jinn partners, for hatred for human kind is innate in their nature.
Third, there is nothing in the Shari`ah to the effect that it is permitted to marry members of the jinn. Allah Almighty says: “Marry women of your choice” (An-Nisaa': 3). It is known that women refers to female members of human kind. This indicates that it is unlawful to marry other than women.
Fourth, it is not principally permitted for a free man to marry a slave woman, in order that they may not bring forth a slave child, which is not in the interest of the child. By comparison, marrying a female jinn may result in bringing forth a child having jinn characteristics, which is far worse than slavery. Hence, so long as it is not permitted for a free man to marry a slave woman, though both belong to the same kind (human kind), it is with greater reason not to permit marriage to jinn, for they are of different nature.
By analogy, we also find that it is prohibited to cross donkeys and horses, for these results in a hybrid different from horses, and this may, in turn, lead to the rarity of horses. The Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) commented on those who do so by saying, “Those who do so are ignorant.” If so is the case with animals, it is with greater reason that it also be the case with marriage between humans and jinns.
However, Abu `Uthman Sa`id ibn Al-`Abass Ar-Razi said in his book Al-Ilham wa Al-Waswasah that it was reported that some Yemeni people wrote to Imam Malik: “A male jinni has come to us and proposed to marry a young (human) woman saying, ‘I seek to stick to the right path by this proposal.'” Imam Malik answered, “I see that there is nothing wrong in doing so, but I dislike exposing this woman to a situation where she might be asked about her husband and she would answer, ‘It is a male jinni.' This may lead to corruption among Muslims.”
In his book Akam Al-Murjan, Ash-Shabli, a Hanifi scholar, stated: Scholars are of two opinions regarding marriage between humans and jinn. One says it is unlawful and the other says it is lawful. The first view was adopted by a group of Hanbali scholars and was also reported in As-Seraji Fatwas. They cited as evidence in this respect Almighty Allah's words "And Allah has made wives for you from among yourselves" (An-Nahl: 72) and "And among His Signs is this, that He created for you mates from among yourselves, that ye may dwell in tranquility with them, and He has put love and mercy between your (hearts): verily in that are Signs for those who reflect" (Ar-Rum: 21). They also cited as evidence in this regard a hadith to the effect that the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) prohibited marriage to jinns. The second point of view in this regard was reported to have been adopted by Al-Hasan Al-Basri, Qatadah, and others.
If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to write back!
May Allah guide you to the straight path, and guide you to that which pleases Him, Amen.
Allah Almighty knows best.
At the forefront of still documentation of the Northern California scene stands Erick Garcia. Constantly producing full-fledged photo stories under the Filth Juice moniker, Garcia's photography is just as gnarly as his skating. So I decided to ask Erick a few questions about his inner-workings with photography and how he came to picking up a camera.
Introduction and Interview: Ryan Loewy
Photography: Erick Garcia
When exactly did you get into photography? Would you say that rollerblading had a hand in why you got into it?
I took a photography class my Junior year of high school and I learned to shoot using film and also developed my photos. It definitely got me interested in photography, but at that time (circa 1997) I was getting heavily into skating and that's what mattered most to me.
It wasn't until late 2013 when I was diagnosed with Rheumatoid Arthritis, which if some of you aren't familiar with this auto-immune disease, it's one of the most debilitating things you can go through. My life hit a brick wall, or so it felt that way and I wasn't able to skate for about 9 months. That's the longest I have ever gone without skating. During this time I hung out with my friends at skate sessions just like we always do, but after doing this for a few months it started taking it's toll and I was feeling down about myself during the sessions watching my friends lace hammers left and right, while I just sat on the sidelines cheering them on.
The cliche term “a light bulb turned on above my head” was the turning point for me to get more active and involved with the skate sessions. The first thing that came to mind was shooting photos because I already tried buying a video camera to film and create edits back around 2007, but I quickly learned that video isn't my thing. So I purchased a digital camera, got some helpful tips from some of the best in the game (insert name drop here: Vinny Minton, Ivan Narez, Brandon Smith, Casey Bagozzi, Sean Keane, i.e. my friends) and started to learn how to shoot. To answer the second question, yes, rollerblading 100% had it's hand in why I got into photography.
Filthjuice, particularly the Filthfiles, have to be some of the more thorough photo documentations I have seen of the California scene. When did a website come to fruition and how did you get into the knack of doing these profiles?
I appreciate the kind words. Filthjuice was created as my photography started to improve (towards the end of 2014) and the main goal was to expose Northern California rollerblading to the world. As many of you know, I've lived my whole life in NorCal and I have a very special attachment to ensuring our skate scene gets the best coverage possible. The ‘Filth-Files' is a way to get some of my friends JUICED to skate hard (not like they already don't). I can never go easy when I skate, so I guess I try to pass this onto my friends when we go shoot because I know their capabilities and push them the best I can. I've written up the last few Filth-Files, but have also been helped out by Brian Krans and Peter Drozdowski in the past. You don't necessarily have to live in NorCal to get a Filth-File either. You just have to be in NorCal hah! or, you can be like Mr. Boschi Pope and visit for a weekend and knockout a Filth-File. NYC breeds the same skate passion as NorCal skaters and it's amazing!
I know you shoot digital mostly but have you ever shot any film?
I have only shot film back in high school. I don't have any plans to start shooting film soon, but I can see myself getting a film camera at some point. I enjoy the instant gratification a digital camera gives you, but I can also appreciate and understand the way film works. My good friend Ivan is slowly changing my outlook about film though (i.e his newest release Hermanos).
Do you look at any skate photography or photography in general, or do you prefer to keep a blind eye and shoot for yourself?
I definitely look at other's skate photography for inspiration, but I'm also a Taurus and my stubbornness takes over to shoot the photo how I want. I've always felt I had a good eye for skating because I know what tricks look better with certain angles. I do like to inspect photographers lighting techniques or positioning of flashes because I always use lighting when I shoot.
Can you tell me a bit about the set up your working with, what you like about it, what you don't like, and what you'd improve, if anything?
I'm shooting with a Canon 70D. I have a few lenses and a couple that are borrowed because I'm not forking out thousands of dollars when my friend is willing to let me borrow it (thank you Ivan Narez!). I have four Yongnuo speedlite flashes and one Alien Bees monolight. The camera itself has been great! No complaints on my end. My speedlite flashes have taken some abuse over the years, but are still holding up. My Alien Bees monolight is my main lighting source. I use this basically every time I shoot. During the day, I like to get rid of shadows and during the night I like to move the lighting around to make the photo look interesting. Not much room for improvement, unless I purchase a different camera, but I don't have any intentions of getting a new camera for awhile.
What does blading photography need more of?
Print magazines. Easy answer, but difficult to achieve. Money is always the determining factor and I just wish there were more print blade magazines floating around the world. Seeing my photos printed in a magazine gives me a sense of accomplishment. Not because my photo made it into a mag, but because my intention to keep NorCal exposed is a reality.
Do you think you'll ever bring the Filth Files into a print realm?
Yes, but I don't know when.
What's next on the horizon for you?
Helping my friends with any photography needs. Brian Freeman (BFREE) is the perfect example. He's hustling right now to get rollerblading exposed to the cannabis industry/culture. I've been helping him shoot photos and these are they type of things I want to do in the future. Skating photography for skaters themselves will always be first for me, but seeing that I can help expose skating to new minds and different cultures only motivates me to shoot better photos!
Follow Erick on Instagram
Follow Juiced Sucka Foos on Instagram
Follow Filthjuice on Instagram
How do the people feel about the petition, casting, and recently released teaser trailer for Death Note in its country of origin?
On March 22 Netflix released a teaser trailer of its upcoming film Death Note, an adaptation based on the popular manga by Tsugumi Oba and Takeshi Obata.
Fans were quick to reignite the outrage regarding the whitewashing of the main character Light that arose when the casting was first announced. In the entire cast, only a few non-white actors have significant roles, with Masi Oka being the only Japanese-born cast member announced so far.
▼ Light Yagami (renamed Light Turner in the Netflix version)
will be played by non-Japanese actor Nat Wolff.
A petition on Care2 Petition urging people to boycott Netflix's Death Note has almost reached its 15,000 signature goal, citing the lack of Asian American actors in a story that is “full of Japanese culture, history, and identity” as another example of whitewashing by the entertainment industry.
The petition has garnered enough attention in the West that Japanese netizens have made note of the story and are offering their comments. Perhaps unsurprisingly though, similar to the Ghost in the Shell casting controversy, some of them have posted that the casting of a Hollywood adaptation featuring a predominantly white cast isn't a problem.
“If this takes place at an American high school, then having white actors isn't an issue.”
“It's a Hollywood version, so it's okay to have white people.”
“It's like the Hollywood Godzilla. It's the Hollywood version so having foreigners isn't a problem.”
However, despite the mostly laissez-faire attitude on that issue, there were comments by some questioning the casting of Keith Stanfield, a black actor, as L. While the character of Light is likely fully Japanese, it's rumored that L is only a quarter Japanese at most meaning the character could be played by basically anyone. However, that's not how some netizens saw it with comments like:
“The thing that's out of place is L being black.”
“Going by the original manga, L being black is by far stranger.”
“It just doesn't feel like it fits his character.”
Also, while the online petition asks that Asian Americans be given their place in main character roles, Japanese people felt different. One point that was repeated over and over is that if producers were going to hire Asian actors for the roles, they should be Japanese actors:
“I think all of this is way less of a problem than when the actor for the main character in Speed Racer was switched from Japanese to Korean.”
“As a Japanese person, I'd be much more offended if a non-Japanese Asian person were playing a Japanese role.”
“Honestly I'd much rather have a white or black actor in an American setting than a Korean or Chinese actor pretending to be Japanese.”
Oddly enough, it seems that the two sides differ on this point. While those behind the petition are calling for a boycott because of Netflix not hiring Asian American actors such as Edward Zo, it seems that many Japanese netizens would be more upset if if they had hired Asian actors who weren't Japanese.
In the end though, arguably the most important part of Death Note is the story, and with only a teaser trailer we haven't seen enough to judge this version yet. The main thrust behind Death Note's compelling story is how it strives to answer the question, “is it ever okay to kill people?” It's a psychological thriller at its core, and whether this version will live up to the source material will largely depend on the script and the acting chops of the cast.
▼ Will these two be able to do justice to the
incredible characters of L and Light? Only time will tell.
Of course, at the end of the day we'd certainly like to see more diversity in Hollywood along with more actors who identify as Asian and Asian American to star in leading roles. Will you be watching this Netflix adaptation, or will you refuse to watch with those who've signed the petition? Let us know in the comments!
Source: Care2 Petitions via Yurukuyaru
Top image: Care2 Petitions
As previously reported, the new Star Tours: The Adventures Continue scenes based on Star Wars: The Force Awakens soft opened to guests today.
Previously Star Tours: The Adventures Continue featured a randomization of scenes that allowed for 54 different possible ride combinations. For the first few months following the debut of the new scenes that variability of some scenes will be reduced, but smaller variations in each scene will still result in numerous different ride combinations. It is unclear how many different combinations will ultimately be available, as each destination appears to have alternative versions. It's conceivable that there are over 1000 different ride variations.
SPOILER ALERT
Guests experiencing the ride now will see slight changes to the first scene of the attraction. Guests will experience one of three different options (previously there were only two) for the Identification of the Rebel Spy. The new scene features Boba Fett along with Darth Vader.
The second scene previously featured three different options for the first destination of the Starspeeder 1000, however for the short term this scene will be guaranteed for all guests to be a new scene from Star Wars: The Force Awakens. The scene begins as the ship approaches the desert planet Jakku. As the ship skims the surface it narrowly misses an explosion as Finn (John Boyega's character from Star Wars: The Force Awakens) asks, "Star Tours what are you doing here?" The ship follows behind the Millennium Falcon in the middle of a fight with Tie Fighters. The ship continues to dodge explosions as the Millennium Falcon weaves in and around the destruction ahead. The scene continues into the crashed Star Destroyer where Rey (Daisy Ridley's character from Star Wars: The Force Awakens) is seen climbing a rope. The Starspeeder flies out of the crashed Star Destroyer and ultimately receives a transmission.
The third scene previously feature three different options for "transmissions" to the Starspeeder 1000, however similar to the previous scene, this will be replaced by a single option from Star Wars: The Force Awakens. BB-8: The BB-8 droid appears on screen with a transmission:
C-3PO: A transmission? BB-8 What are you doing here?
BB-8: (Droid speak)
C-3PO: Mission... what mission?
BB-8: (Droid speak)
C-3PO: He says he has vital information to deliver and needs our help.
BB-8: (Droid speak)
C-3PO: But we're not going on any mission, it's bound to be dangerous.
R2-D2: (Droid speak)
C-3PO: R2, we are not going.
BB-8 (Droid speak)
C-3PO: Good luck? Wait! Wait! Where are you going?
Following this scene, the fourth scene proceeds as normal with changes to each of these scenes as well. Guests will experience one of three second destinations before the attraction ends. It appears that each scene offers additional subtle changes that are also random. An example includes:
This post is also available in: Chinese (Traditional), Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, German
When it comes to sustainability, big cities can get a bad reputation. When so many people are concentrated in a relatively small area, convenience often takes precedence over environmental awareness. Cities like New York are trying to battle this though, and they're starting on the home front: real estate.
Buildings are the foundation of a city, and making them sustainable can encourage other sustainable practices. For example, the well-known LEED certification is based not only on how a building is built, but the continued energy consumption in the building. This can include water usage, recycling practices, and air quality. Since 2005, public buildings costing more than $2 million have been required to meet LEED standards.
But certifications and standards only go so far. Even the highest certified LEED buildings still tax the environment. Now, dozens of New York properties are attempting what Germany is doing by the thousands: passive housing.
Passive houses maintain their temperature without active heating and cooling systems, instead relying on extensive insulation, ventilators that exchange interior and exterior air, and energy saving appliances. New York is a great place to be implementing these homes for many reasons. First of all, globally, buildings are responsible for 40% of carbon emissions. In New York, that percentage is about 75%. Zero energy housing can severely reduce that percentage.
Another reason New York is an ideal place for passive housing is the cost of living for individuals. With the trend of luxury housing on the rise, and property prices moving in the same upward direction, buyers can save big on energy costs and those funds can be used for other aspects of living. These savings on energy bills can also offset the initial price of building materials, which can be more expensive than non-sustainable materials, as they are as of yet not widely available.
As mentioned previously, Germany has successfully implemented passive housing on a large scale. New York and other American can learn from their process, and continue to experiment with building processes that minimize environmental impact.
Of course, sustainable living has to take a well-rounded approach in order to be fully effective. LEED focuses on building materials. Passive housing focuses on self-contained energy creation and usage. The living building challenge focuses on water usage, aiming for buildings to use only water that they produce. This is especially challenging in New York, where building codes require being hooked up to the public sewer lines.
These projects make it possible for New Yorkers to achieve several levels of sustainability. Having multiple initiatives makes it more possible to see the big picture and decreases the risk of losing focus on one environmental factor while focusing on others.
Developers, as always, will build what makes them money. Tax incentives help to an extent, but there also needs to be a push from the public for environmental building. Building designers have to know that people are willing to buy sustainable housing. It can't be simply about earning a certification, it has to come from an intentional desire to decrease environmental impact, even if the motives are monetary. If the sustainable building industry maintains profitability, it will gain momentum.
Toby Lancaster is a city-dweller with a passion for sustainable living. He writes to spread awareness of eco-friendly living options and the joy of his favorite city, New York.
Image via David Berkowitz
Formula DRIFT Renews Relationship With Evergreen Speedway;
Series Extends Partnership with the Venue Into the 2018 Season
Long Beach, Calif. – February 24, 2016 – Formula DRIFT presented by Blackvue has renewed their relationship with Evergreen Speedway for three years extending into 2018. Since 2005, the venue has hosted the Series in the Pacific Northwest.
“Formula DRIFT's priority has been to establish a foundation for the sport of Drifting,” said Jim Liaw, president and co-founder of Formula DRIFT. “We found our home in the Pacific Northwest with Evergreen Speedway back in 2005. Since then, we have grown to be one of the largest events at the venue. By renewing our relationship with our third longest running venue for three more seasons only makes sense.”
In 2005, Formula DRIFT began the relationship with Evergreen Speedway. 2016 marks the 11th consecutive season for the Series to return to the venue, which is the 3rd longest running relationship for the Series with a track only followed by Irwindale Speedway and Road Atlanta. The event draws one of the largest attended crowds outside of Southern California showcasing the popularity of the sport in the Pacific Northwest. The event's popularity stems from the exciting action on track. The course is one of the most challenging on the circuit and the variable weather conditions adds a dynamic element to the competition.
“We are thrilled to be a Formula DRIFT track and extremely proud of long-term relationship,” said Evergreen Speedway president, Doug Hobbs. “Having Formula DRIFT sign another three-year contract is outstanding to the region. The whole Seattle market loves Formula DRIFT as much as we do! The economic impact to Snohomish County and the State of Washington is sizable.”
Formula DRIFT returns to Evergreen Speedway in Monroe, WA on August 5-6, 2016 for Round 6, Throwdown. Tickets are available now on www.formulad.com starting at $34.90 online for a one-day Friday ticket.
The 2016 Formula DRIFT Championship begins on April 9-10 in Long Beach, CA. Tickets can be purchased throughwww.formulad.com, Ticketmaster outlets, and the Long Beach Convention Center box office.
For more information visit: www.formulad.com and find Formula DRIFT on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter. Tune into Formula DRIFT on CBS Sports and check your local listings for airtimes.
Under recommendations sent by Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke to President Donald Trump, six national monuments would be reduced in size, with millions of acres of protected lands opened to grazing, logging and oil and gas exploration, but Southern California's monuments may be spared.
Zinke did not offer changes to two local monuments: The San Gabriel Mountains National Monument, a 346,177-acre swath of the Angeles National Forest from Santa Clarita to Mt. Baldy, and the Mojave Trails National Monument, a 1.6 million-acre desert landscape that bridges the area between Joshua Tree National Park and Mojave National Preserve.
In the memo, Zinke did not spell out reasons why no changes were listed for those two monuments. The memo, a draft report from the secretary responding to an executive order calling for review of 27 national monuments established by previous presidents, was obtained by the Washington Post on Sunday and the Associated Press on Monday.
The White House told the Post it will not comment on leaked information.
But Daniel Rossman, acting California director for The Wilderness Society and a participant in getting the San Gabriel Mountains monument established nearly three years ago by President Barack Obama, said the local monument is not out of the woods.
“I would issue caution to anyone that says we are off the hook,” Rossman said. “This could mean they will try to impact the management plan of the San Gabriel Mountains monument, which is concerning,” he said on Monday.
In June, Rep. Paul Cook, R-Yucca Valley, had asked the Trump administration to shrink the boundaries of the San Gabriel Mountains monument.
The Sand to Snow National Monument, 154,000 acres in San Bernardino County that provides key wildlife corridors near Joshua Tree National Park, was removed from the review by Zinke last month.
The remaining monuments in California still part of the presidential review are:
Giant Sequoia National Monument, which protects 33 groves of ancient sequoias — some of the world's largest trees — across 328,000 acres of national forest land in the Sierra Nevada west of Visalia.
Carrizo Plain National Monument, a 246,000-acre area owned by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management east of San Luis Obispo that is famous for carpets of wildflowers and that contains the largest native grassland remaining in California.
Berryessa Snow Mountain National Monument, 331,000 federal acres between Mendocino County to Napa County known for bald eagles, black bears, rare plants and Indian history.
“These are places that speak to our values, and have been enjoyed by all Americans,” said Theresa Pierno, president of the National Parks Conservation Association.
National monuments are federal areas — usually owned by the U.S. Forest Service, Bureau of Land Management, Fish and Wildlife Service or National Park Service — where presidents use their executive authority to provide protections, including bans on oil and gas drilling, mining, grazing and off-road vehicle use. Some of them are eventually turned into national parks by Congress.
Zinke's recommendations to pare down four Western monuments — and allow more logging and other development in three other monuments — “represent an unprecedented assault on our parks and public lands” by the Trump administration, said Jamie Williams, president of the Wilderness Society.
It was not clear from the memo how much energy development would be allowed on the sites recommended for changes, although the memo cites “active timber management” as a goal, as well as increased public access.
A law signed in 1906 by President Theodore Roosevelt, called the Antiquities Act, gives presidents the authority to establish national monuments without a vote of Congress, something that nearly every president has done since then. But in recent years, rural Republicans have argued that the law has been abused, and rather than protect archaeological sites, has been a potent tool to block logging, mining, oil drilling and cattle grazing on some public lands, and commercial fishing in some ocean areas.
In April, slamming what he called “a massive federal land grab,” Trump signed an executive order directing Zinke to review all national monuments that were established since 1996 and are larger than 100,000 acres. The national monuments marked in Zinke's report for reduction:
Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument, a 1.9 million-acre area that was established in Utah by President Bill Clinton in 1996 and whose protection killed a proposed coal mine.
Bear's Ears, a 1.3 million-acre monument in southeastern Utah designated by President Barack Obama last year.
Gold Butte, a 296,000-acre site north of Las Vegas that is known for bighorn sheep, desert tortoises and a ghost town.
And Cascade-Siskiyou, an 86,000-acre monument in Oregon that was established by Clinton and doubled in size by Obama in January. Cascade-Siskiyou is mostly in southern Oregon, on national forest and BLM land near Ashland, but about 5,000 acres extends into Siskiyou County, California.
Zinke's memo also recommended that Trump reduce two ocean monuments in size: Pacific Remote Islands, a vast area southeast of Hawaii that includes Wake Island and Johnston Atoll, and Rose Atoll, west of American Samoa. Both were set aside for protection by President George W. Bush.
Staff writer Steve Scauzillo contributed to this article.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
When a set of State Department emails were released Wednesday, one reporting that a local Islamist militia had claimed responsibility for the attack on the US consulate in Benghazi that killed four Americans, including the US ambassador to Libya, conservatives thought they had the smoking gun that the Obama administration had lied about what had occurred.
Reuters reported Wednesday that on September 11—the day of the attack—a State Department email with the subject header “Ansar al-Sharia Claims Responsibility for Benghazi Attack” was sent to the White House. The message stated that “Embassy Tripoli reports the group claimed responsibility on Facebook and Twitter and has called for an attack on Embassy Tripoli.” Case closed, conservatives said: The White House had engaged in a cover-up.
“[T]he president and his advisers repeatedly told us the attack was spontaneous reaction to the anti-Muslim video and that it lacked information suggesting it was a terrorist assault,” wrote Jennifer Rubin, president of the Washington Post‘s Mitt Romney fan club. “Bottom line? Barack Obama was willfully and knowingly lying to the American people,” wrote Danielle Pletka, vice president for foreign and defense policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute. (Of course, the idea that the video played a role is not inconsistent with the idea that the attack was an “act of terror,” a phrase the president himself used to describe the attack in the days following the incident.)
There's only one problem—well, actually, there are many, but one big one: The email appears to have been incorrect. Ansar al-Sharia in Benghazi, the group suspected of attacking the consulate, never claimed responsibility for the assault. In fact, according to Aaron Zelin, a fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy who monitors jihadist activity online, Ansar al-Sharia in Benghazi didn't post about the attack on its Facebook or Twitter page until September 12, the day after the attack. They expressed their approval of the incident, but they didn't take credit; they did imply members of the group might have been involved, according to Zelin, stating, “Katibat Ansar al-Sharia [in Benghazi] as a military did not participate formally/officially and not by direct orders.” The statement also justifies the attack by implicitly alluding to the anti-Islam video linked to unrest in other parts of the Middle East, saying, “We commend the Libyan Muslim people in Benghazi [that were] against the attack on the [Muslim] Prophet [Muhammad].”
“It is possible staffers were mistaken in the heat of the moment,” wrote Zelin in an email to Mother Jones. “Not only was there no statement from ASB until the following morning, but it did not claim responsibility.” (Zelin provided Mother Jones with screenshots of AAS's Twitter feed and Facebook page, which he also provided to CNN. It's possible the posts could have been deleted, but there's no way to prove that.)
Even if the State Department email had been accurate, conservatives pounced on it eagerly without underlying corroboration, thereby providing a pretty good example of how complicated intelligence analysis can be and why it's a bad idea to simply jump on a piece of information that fits your preconceived biases. The email was just one piece of information gathered in the aftermath of the attack. While the White House's initial explanation that the attack had begun as a protest turned out to be wrong, the email itself doesn't bear on two of the major remaining questions: what role the video played and whether the attack was planned or spontaneous.
You'd think that this would be obvious, but in the future it's a good idea to remember that just because someone posts something on Facebook, that doesn't necessarily mean it's true. Even better: Just because someone said someone posted something on Facebook doesn't mean it's true. Even if you really, really want it to be.
Those little blue microbeads in your Crest toothpaste may be getting stuck in your teeth and gums, prompting dentists to ask toothpaste manufacturers for a change.
The tiny scrubbers contain the ingredient polyethylene, a form of plastic that does not degrade and can stay embedded in your mouth.
“Your body will see them as a foreign body, bacteria will clamp to them and it has the potential to cause gum disease, some form of gingivitis or harm to it,” Dr. Wade Pilling of Meridien, Indiana told KTVB.
When dentists throughout the country started noticing the blue beads a few years ago, they figured out where the objects were coming from— toothpaste such as Crest 3D Whitening and Crest Pro-Health.
According to the American Dental Association, the polyethylene microbeads are an FDA-approved food additive. The council will continue to monitor and evaluate new scientific information that comes from this issue.
Procter & Gamble, makers of Crest, said the ingredient is completely safe and approved by the FDA. Crest has now said the majority of its toothpaste will be microbead-free in six months and completely gone by 2016.
Click for more from KTVB.
Trump's proposed tariff (rumored to be 20%) will be a hard hit to top Mexican consumable exports like beer, tomatoes, and sugar (all accounted for $4.8 billion in 2015), while providing opportunities for domestic producers like Anheuser-Busch InBev(BUD), General Mills(GIS), WhiteWave Foods Company(WWAV), and Cosan Ltd.(CZZ)(Brazil).
Often overlooked in the Mexican tariff discussion are consumables, which represent billions of dollars to the American consumer. Mexico's three largest consumable exports (behind petrol) are: beer, tomatoes, and sugar. Trump's proposed 20% tariff will squeeze Mexican producers of these items while creating opportunities for their American counterparts.
Americans' taste for Mexican import beers such as Corona, Modelo, and Pacifico stoked a demand to the tune of $2.8 billion dollars in 2015, according the U.N. database. Mexico's largest beer exporter, Grupo Modelo, will definitely feel the strain from an increased tariff, opening up market share for America's largest incumbent, Anheuser-Bush InBev(BUD), who currently controls 41.2% of the American beer market according to IBIS World.
A staggering amount of the United States produce imports come from Mexico. Our largest produce dependency from our southern neighbor is Tomatoes, of which 71% sold in the U.S. are imported from Mexico. This looming tariff would mean a surge in tomato prices, which would benefit the largest U.S. tomato producer General Mills(GIS) who recently acquired Muir Glen a large tomato grower in Colorado. Another big name in American produce is White Wave Foods Company(WWAV), whose subsidiary Earthbound Farms is a crop diversified produce grower.
According to the USDA, 15% of all sugar consumed in the U.S. comes from Mexico, in the form of raw sugarcane. One of our other largest sources of imported of sugar is from Brazil, specifically Cosan ltd. which should see a large upside from stronger Mexican regulations.(CZZ)
Advertisements
ATTENTION all ice cream lovers: the McFlurry just got better.
McDonald's is now selling Cadbury Creme Egg McFlurries in all its Australian restaurants.
The Creme Eggs are smashed up and blended into the regular soft serve and will be available for a limited time only.
The bad news is that this McFlurry contains 1610kj (383 calories) per serve and 56g of sugar, which is more than double the 25g grams the World Health Organisation recommends we consume daily.
The Cadbury Creme Egg McFlurry retails for $4.80.
McDonald's customers around the world have already gone crazy for the Easter-themed flavour, posting tweets including: “Just had a Cadbury creme egg Mcflurry here in Canada. Let me repeat that, A CADBURY CREME EGG MCFLURRY!!! #dreamsdocometrue.”
And Australian fans are matching their hysteria, tweeting, “Creme Egg McFlurry verdict: Yes.” and, “CADBURY CREME EGG MCFLURRY. NOT A DRILL. NEED HELP.”
It's not quite as exotic as McFlurry flavours in some other countries, however, which include Durian Crunch in Singapore, Horlicks (a malted milk drink) in Malaysia, After Eight chocolate mint in the UK and Baci chocolate and hazelnut truffle in Italy.
Description
AntBro Main Attack:This attack is basic punching that should really be a secondary attack but you'll see why it's a main attack. Secondary Attack:This Isn't really an attack but it is the ability to turn small and back again.Press it while your normal to turn small and press it while your small to turn normal. Special Attack: This attack is sending a swarm of ants towards the enemy which will eat them.Number of uses:3 Brorpion Main Attack:He fires a fireball from his hand.If this isn't a proper MK move please tell me what i should use instead. Secondary Attack:These are basic punches with a flame attack that set the enemys on fire when you punch them. Special Attack:This attack is the 'GET OVER HERE!!!' move in which he throws a knife with a chain on it at the enemy and pulls them back followed by an uppercut.Instead of it applying to only one person, the knife would go through more than one person. Good for crowd clearing. Number of uses:3 HellBro Main Attack: A shot from his giant revolver. Secondary Attack: An uppercut using his rock hand. Special Attack:He punches the ground with his rock hand which causes the ground to break like Bronan's special attack. If you have any other ideas for bros please tell me in the comments and i will create them. I will also give you credit. If you don't like my choices for moves or want to improve upon them please say in the comments.
Kyary Pamyu Pamyu: Interviewed!
1 April, 2012 by Tom Smith
When we had the opportunity to interview our most favourite person in the whole universe, Kyary Pamyu Pamyu (full name: Caroline Charonplop Kyary Pamyu Pamyu), we obviously said a big ‘YES!' and danced around like a happy, grinning prat for days on end. The interview was originally printed in NEO Magazine #91 as part of a feature showcasing the candy-loving Jpop star, before she became famous in Japan.
Currently, Kyary Pamyu Pamyu's debut mini album ‘Moshi Moshi Harajuku‘ is out now, along with her singles ‘Pon Pon Pon‘, ‘Jelly‘, ‘Tsukemetsukeru‘ and ‘Candy Candy‘ from the iTunes UK store.
We love your music videos! Who comes up with the ideas behind your PVs?
Kyary says:
I have a lot of discussions with the video's director and we come up with an idea from there.
Can you tell us about working with Sebastian Masuda from 6% DOKIDOKI?
Kyary says:
It was lots of fun working together and I got lots of inspiration through talking with him.
.
In the video to ‘Pon Pon Pon' you ride a unicycle – did you learn how to ride it especially for this video?
Kyary says:
I've loved riding unicycles since I was in elementary school. I taught myself how to ride it with my friends. It was fun to do it for this video as I haven't done it for a long time!
Are the outfits in your videos designed by you? If not, which designers or brands are involved?
Kyary says:
I draw the design blueprints and then we create the outfits from there with my stylist.
.
Who are your favourite designers, brands and fashion icons?
Kyary says:
I love the designer Yoshie Itabashi! As for brand, I like Candy Stripper and I think Katy Perry is a fantastic fashion icon.
You're still so young! What was school life like for you? Were you a typical good student? What were your favourite subjects?
Kyary says:
I was a typical, simple high school student.
I always abide school rules and I enjoyed Art the most.
How did your path cross with Yasutaka Nakata?
Kyary says:
I was DJing at a club event for teenagers that was hosted by Mr.Yasutaka Tanaka. We were just talking about doing fun things and it was so natural to get together and create something fun together.
Were you nervous to work with such a well-known producer?
Kyary says:
Actually… at first, I thought someone was trying to trick me!
I was very surprised.
At Japan Underground, girls often request ‘Pon Pon Pon', and they know all the dance moves! Can you tell us about the meaning behind these songs?
Kyary says:
I'm so glad girls are copying my dance moves over there!!
This song's message is to be positive and keep moving on!
Can you tell us about why you chose ‘Moshi Moshi Harajuku' for the title of your debut mini-album?
Kyary says:
Harajuku is the place that gave me an opportunity to be a model – it's also a place I love. So I included Harajuku. At the time we were going to release the album digitally in 23 different countries, so we wanted to include Japanese words which everyone knows, like “Konnichiwa” and “Moshi Moshi”. That's how we, Yasutaka Tanaka and I, came up with the name.
How would you describe yourself? Already the media is comparing you to Japan's answer to Lady GaGa. What do you think of this comparison?
Kyary says:
I personally like Lady GaGa so I am delighted that people have been comparing me to her. But, I believe she is unique, nobody can compare to her.
It's unusual to see girls with their finger in their nose, or making silly faces – do you sometimes wish you were a boy?
Kyary says:
No way!! I want to re-born as a girl again if I have a choice!
But, maybe it's easier when washing hair as a boy!
Do you think we'll ever see you in London?
Kyary says:
No plan yet!!
But I really want to come!!!
What advice would you give to girls who want to be famous like you?
Kyary says:
Hmmm.. maybe you'll have a chance if you dress up nicely and cutely in Harajuku?
It worked for me.
Do you have any final messages for British fans?
Kyary says:
I would really love to come to UK to have live show! And…
… I really love Harry Potter!
Malcolm X is a former spokesman for the Nation of Islam. He joined the Nation of Islam in prison. After preaching race war for years he visited Mecca. When he returned, he shunned NOI theology for mainline Sunni Islam. He announced that he would no longer condemn all white people. He was then murdered by followers of Louis Farrakhan.
While many black militants consider Malcolm X to be a great hero, his own family keeps making the news for horrible crimes.
His daughter, Malikah Shabazz, 46, just plead guilty to stealing the identity of a close friend. She racked up $55,000 in charges to credit cards taken out in her friend's name. A warrant was issued for her arrest in 2009, but it took the NYC authorities five years to actually arrest her.
She was only arrested for the massive theft after police received a complaint that her daughter was not showing up at school. After pleading guilty, she was allowed to simply walk out of the courthouse.
A NYC judge says he will not send Malikah to prison. She will simply be given probation. She agreed to “pay back the money.” It is extremely unlikely that she will ever pay back any substantial amount of the theft.
One of the top officials at the US justice department said on Sunday that the agency's heightened focus on policing leaks of classified information is not intended to put journalists in legal jeopardy.
Jeff Sessions bows to Trump pressure and launches crackdown on leakers Read more
Speaking to Fox News Sunday, Rod Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general, emphasized that the department's renewed effort to prosecute leaks of classified information was not aimed at the news media.
“We're after the leakers, not the journalists,” he said. “We don't prosecute journalists for doing their jobs.“
Rosenstein would not rule out charging journalists altogether, saying reporters could face charges if they deliberately violated the law.
“Generally speaking, reporters who publish information are not committing a crime but there might be a circumstance in which they do,” he said. “I wouldn't rule it out if there were a case where the reporter was purposefully violating the law.”
On Friday, Jeff Sessions, the attorney general, announced that his department was tripling the number of investigations into leaks of classified information. Donald Trump has been fiercely critical of the high number of leaks coming from the federal government since he took office.
Rosenstein said the justice department has experienced a “surge” of referrals pertaining to leaks of government information. He also said the department would pursue charges against “anybody who breaks the law” leaking information, including members of Congress and top White House officials.
Also on Sunday, an Obama administration official echoed Rosenstein's concerns.
“The leaks right now are really bad. I've never seen it this bad,” former homeland security secretary Jeh Johnson said on CBS Face the Nation. But he cautioned the justice department that going after reporters for their sources could have unintended consequences.
“Before you decide to take on journalists, reporters and perhaps subpoena their sources, be aware that the courts are going to get involved, and that has the potential for making bad law in this area,” Johnson said.
A new Army history of the service's performance in Iraq immediately after the fall of Saddam Hussein faults military and civilian leaders for their planning for the war's aftermath, and it suggests that the Pentagon's current way of using troops is breaking the Army National Guard and Army Reserve.
The study, "On Point II: Transition to the New Campaign," is an unclassified and unhindered look at U.S. Army operations in Iraq from May 2003 to January 2005. That critical era of the war has drawn widespread criticism because of a failure to anticipate the rise of an Iraqi insurgency and because policymakers provided too few U.S. troops and no strategy to maintain order after Iraq's decades-old regime was overthrown.
Donald P. Wright and Col. Timothy R. Reese, who authored the report along with the Army's Contemporary Operations Study Team, conclude that U.S. commanders and civilian leaders were too focused on only the military victory and lacked a realistic vision of what Iraq would look like following that triumph.
"The transition to a new campaign was not well thought out, planned for, and prepared for before it began," write Wright and Reese, historians at the Army's Combat Studies Institute at Fort Leavenworth, Kan. "Additionally, the assumptions about the nature of post-Saddam Iraq on which the transition was planned proved to be largely incorrect."
The results of those errors, they add, were that U.S. forces and their allies lacked an operational and strategic plan for success in Iraq, as well as the resources to carry out a plan.
Their analysis is to be released tomorrow, but the 696-page document was posted last night on the Army's Combined Arms Center's Web site. The New York Times first reported the study's findings yesterday.
The study also calls into question the focus of then-Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld on issues such as a modernization of the U.S. military, rather than on the war.
"The intense desire to continue DOD's transformation to smaller and lighter forces, to implement a perceived revolution in military affairs in the information age, and to savor the euphoria over seemingly easy successes in Afghanistan using those techniques seemed to outweigh searching through the past for insights into the future," the study reports.
It also reports that Army National Guard and Reserve soldiers have demonstrated in Iraq and Afghanistan that they "are a fully capable, and indeed, an absolutely essential part of the Army." But it warns that "the price paid by reservists and communities to sustain the long and repetitive mobilizations, however, may not be sustainable in the future."
The Army study is a follow-up to "On Point: The United States Army in Operation Iraqi Freedom," which looked at the initiation of combat operations in Iraq through April 2003. The new work picks up from the moment President Bush announced the end of major combat operations on May 1, 2003, and goes through the January 2005 Iraqi elections. The authors make clear that the Army never thought it would need such a study, largely because few people believed the war would last much beyond 2003.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory blasted back Monday at U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, who filed a lawsuit on behalf of the Justice Department challenging North Carolina's tough new elections law.
The lawsuit, which was filed Monday afternoon, is the latest effort by the Obama administration to fight back against a U.S. Supreme Court decision that struck down the most powerful part of the landmark Voting Rights Act and freed Southern states from strict federal oversight of their elections.
North Carolina's new law, which was adopted last month, scales back the period for early voting and imposes stringent voter identification requirements.
"I believe the federal government action is an overreach and without merit," McCrory said at a news conference. "I think it's obviously influenced by national politics since the Justice Department ignores similar laws in other (Democratic-leaning) blue states."
"(This) action is about far more than unwarranted voter restrictions; it's really about our democracy and who we are as a nation," Holder said at a news conference, adding the the lawsuit was being filed "more in sorrow than in anger.
"The state legislature took extreme aggressive steps to curtail the voting rights of African-Americans," Holder said. "This is an intentional attempt to break a system that was working, and it defies common sense."
Republican legislative leaders criticized the lawsuit, calling Holder's statements "baseless claims" designed to "quash the will of (North Carolina) voters."
"The law was designed to improve consistency, clarity and uniformity at the polls and it brings North Carolina's election system in line with a majority of other states. We are confident it protects the right of all voters, as required by the U.S. and North Carolina Constitutions," House Speaker Thom Tillis and Senate President Pro Tem Phil Berger said in a statement.
Lawmakers declined further comment on the issue, citing the pending lawsuit.
North Carolina Attorney General Roy Cooper has expressed reservations about the legislation and last month urged McCrory to veto it. The governor responded by saying Cooper was providing a political opinion, not a legal one.
On Monday, Cooper's office said he would defend the state in any federal suit.
McCrory said he was disappointed by the lawsuit, saying it would only cost taxpayers to pay for both the prosecution and defense. The state has hired outside lawyers to work with the Attorney General's Office and General Assembly lawyers to defend the law.
North Carolina is among at least five Southern states adopting stricter voter ID and other election laws. The Justice Department on Aug. 22 sued Texas over that state's voter ID law and is seeking to intervene in a lawsuit over redistricting laws in Texas that minority groups consider to be discriminatory.
Republican lawmakers in Southern states insist the new measures are needed to prevent voter fraud, though such crimes are infrequent. Democrats and civil rights groups argue the tough laws are intended to make voting more difficult for minorities and students, voting groups that lean toward Democrats, in states with legacies of poll taxes and literacy tests.
Jocelyn Samuels, who heads up the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division, said that history is part of the "ample evidence" that prosecutors will present to show that North Carolina legislators crafted the new law to discriminate against minority voters. Holder also noted that the law was passed less than a month after the U.S. Supreme Court decision in an Alabama case.
The government is challenging the early-voting period being cut from 17 to 10 days and the elimination of same-day voter registration during the period. Same-day registration allows voters to cast a ballot immediately after presenting elections officials with proof of their name and home address.
Holder noted that more than 70 percent of the votes cast by blacks in North Carolina in the 2008 and 2012 were cast during the early-voting period.
The lawsuit also challenges a provision eliminating the counting of certain types of provisional ballots by people who vote in their home counties but not in the correct precincts. Also, it contends that the provision requiring voters to present government-issued identification at the polls in order to cast ballots is discriminatory.
A recent State Board of Elections survey found that hundreds of thousands of registered voters did not have a state-issued ID. Many of those voters are young, black, poor or elderly.
Holder said he has no problem with ensuring that people who vote are entitled to vote, but he said North Carolina's law went far beyond Republican lawmakers' stance that they were out to prevent voter fraud. Cutting back on early voting and preventing 16- and 17-year-olds from registering to vote have nothing to do with voter fraud, he said.
"The question is what kind of identification (is acceptable) and what is the impact of a change in identification laws," he said. "This law, we think, will have a disproportionate negative impact on minority voters."
The North Carolina chapter of the NAACP has filed suit to block the changes to state election laws, and chapter President Rev. William Barber said Monday that he is pleased the federal government also is questioning the voter fraud argument used to advance the legislation.
"This bill is not about voter ID requirements," Barber said during a news conference. "This is about voter suppression. This is about fundamentally rewriting and restructuring voting rights and access to voting for citizens across this state."
McCrory noted that 34 states require some form of ID to vote, and 37 states deny same-day registration for voting.
"North Carolina is in the mainstream on this issue, and it's the Justice Department that's working in the fringes," he said. "I firmly believe we've done the right thing. I believe this is a good law."
Chris Brook, legal director for the state chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union, said that the shorter early-voting period and the elimination of same-day registration particularly hurt low-income voters. The ACLU has sued to block those provisions.
"North Carolina has made tremendous progress in recent years in improving ballot access and increasing voter turnout, but much, if not all, of that progress will be lost if this new law goes into effect," Brook said in a statement. "For many voters, especially low-income voters, the choice is between early voting or not voting at all."
Bob Hall, executive director of voting rights watchdog Democracy North Carolina, said the Republican-written legislation ignores problems with mail-in absentee voting to target issues that would disproportionately affect groups that tend to vote Democratic.
"Republican lawmakers had clear evidence that their proposals would harm African-American voters more than white voters, yet they intentionally chose to adopt those provisions. They had no evidence of significant fraud caused by voter impersonation or out-of-precinct voting, yet they imposed new restrictions anyway," Hall said in a statement.
Barber called the compilation of changes to North Carolina's campaign and election laws "the worst of everything."
"This is a fight about how our democracy works," he said of the lawsuits over the changes. "This is not some simple discussion about voter ID."
The Justice Department plans to ask a federal judge to place the four provisions in North Carolina's law under federal scrutiny for an indeterminate period – a process known as pre-clearance. However, the provision of the Voting Rights Act that the Justice Department is invoking may be a difficult tool for the Obama administration to use.
A handful of jurisdictions has been subjected to pre-clearance, or advance approval, of election changes through the Civil Rights Act provision it is relying on, but a court first must find that a state or local government engaged in intentional discrimination under the Constitution's 14th or 15th amendments, or the jurisdiction has to admit to discrimination. Unlike other parts of the voting law, the discriminatory effect of an action is not enough to trigger court review.
Holder said he hopes officials in other states take heed of the lawsuits in North Carolina and Texas.
"I and my colleagues at many levels of the Justice Department will never hesitate – never hesitate – to do all that we must do to protect the constitutionally guaranteed civil rights of all Americans," he said.
Slavery lives.
Just over 100 men and boys were waiting under the boughs of a huge mahogany tree in the middle of nowhere near the south Sudan-Darfur border. Waiting for the abolitionists.
Led by the Arab/Dinka Peace Committee, they had walked south for miles, and for days, on their journey to freedom. Many gave up. Those who persevered waited under the tree for four days, and were now nearing the end of their excruciating journey.
When the abolitionists arrived, each of the 106 slaves were asked a series of questions, starting with: When were you taken into captivity? What was your master's name? Did you have family?
Each story was horrific. They were beaten, burned, stabbed, hit with farming tools, starved and humiliated.
Michael was one of the first slaves to tell his tale. His eyes were red, fatigue showed on his weathered face. Scars marked the places where wounds from beatings have never healed. He said his wife was stabbed to death by their master's wives, four Arab women who were angry she was at the water well with them. Michael was beaten unconscious because he charged his master when he heard the news of his wife's death.
Some of the men had been in captivity for more than 20 years, captured by the Janjaweed (Arab for “Devil on Horseback”) and Arab slave raiders during the so-called civil war.
The younger slaves, children like Ahkmed, were born into slavery. His mother was killed by her master. Ahkmed has no idea where his father is, no clue of his age. The reddish tint in his hair shows how malnourished he is. His clothes were ripped and dirty, barely hanging on him.
Another man said he'd been a slave for 15 years, and had seen at least three slaves killed for trying to escape.
All of these people had lost hope they would ever be free to live their own lives and have their own families.
The government in Khartoum and the Sudan People's Liberation Movement had been fighting a civil war since 1983, one of the world's longest and bloodiest battles. In 2005, a comprehensive peace agreement was signed between the Arab Muslim leaders in Khartoum and the Black Christians in southern Sudan. But what the agreement lacked were provisions to release the slaves taken captive over the past 20 years.
There are reports of tens of thousands of men, women and children still enslaved in Darfur and Kordofan.
A group of abolitionists, under the banner of Christian Solidarity International based in Zurich, has been working quietly since 1995 to free the slaves in Darfur as well as provide them with humanitarian aid.
This organized rescue of slaves was begun about 20 years ago by the Sudanese themselves. The Arab/Dinka Peace Committee is a grassroots organization that liberates Sudanese slaves. The covert operation generally begins in cattle camps in the north, where the underground network trades slaves for cattle vaccine. Each vaccine is worth about $40, and it costs one or two vaccines per slave. Livestock is much more valuable to the Arab slave masters than are human beings.
The grassroots group in Sudan invited CSI to join them in their efforts to bring slaves back home.
“In 1995, we first encountered the reality of the slave raids in a powerful way,” said Dr. John Eibner, who heads the teams of two or three CSI members who go into Sudan every month to deliver humanitarian aid, medicine, sorghum, survival kits and assistance in returning slaves to their families. “The NGO's [non-governmental organizations] that were there had moved out, the Red Cross failed to go in to help because the government of Sudan said no. So, the international community allowed itself to be dictated to by the government of Sudan that was responsible for the slave raiding.”
Among those on this trip were Eibner, an American, and Gunnar Wiebalck, a German, who have made a career of shining a bright light on social injustice, including working on the abolishment of apartheid in South Africa. “Because the rest of the world was not — and still is not — dealing with this issue of slavery, which is a crime against humanity according to international law, we thought we should come back and help this local, grassroots mechanism for getting enslaved women and children back,” Eibner said.
Pastor Heidi McGinness, Denver-based director of outreach for CSI-USA, has made the journey to Sudan many times. “I live to see family reunions,” McGuiness said. “Mothers, fathers reunited with sons and daughters taken into slavery, thought dead but returned alive, is the greatest joy one could observe.
“This abolitionist work fuels my passion to see each slave freed,” she added. “There are still tens of thousands in slavery. I will not abandon them.”
In Germany in the 20th century, it was the Holocaust. Some 50 years later in Rwanda, genocide again. And now, in the 21st century, as we talk about smart cars that can park themselves and sending people to Mars, we still allow the barbaric treatment of humans. Genocide rears its ugly head again. We're a society with short-term memory and information overload.
Sudan and slavery are invisible to the Western world. Few if any American journalists are telling the slaves' stories. Why does CSI go into Sudan? Because no one else will. It's remote, it's hot, and it's desolate, with no electricity, running water or cellphone or Internet service in most places.
And, let's face it. These victims are black. Politically, Darfur is in bed with China, which is in bed with the United States. Slavery in Sudan is a three-pronged issue: race, religion and politics.
So why should Americans care?
Because the Sudanese are human beings.
If slavery and genocide can go unchallenged on the other side of the world, it will continue to fester, and then when it comes knocking on our own door here in the U.S., in Denver, we will have only ourselves to blame.
There may be tens of thousands of slaves still in captivity in Darfur. If after you read this you decide to do nothing, then at least you can not say you didn't know.
Tamara Banks is a freelance journalist and media consultant in Denver. She can be reached at tamarataz@msn.com.
The Western Hockey League's Spokane Chiefs will host an outdoor hockey game Jan. 15 against the Kootenay Ice.
The event will be the first of two outdoor games in the WHL this season. The Calgary Hitmen host the Regina Pats at McMahon Stadium on Feb. 21, the day after the NHL's Calgary Flames and Montreal Canadiens play there in the Heritage Classic.
The Chiefs and Ice will square off at Avista Stadium, where baseball's Spokane Indians play during the summer.
The Indians are a farm team of the Texas Rangers.
"Since the NHL outdoor game in Buffalo 2008 I have wanted the Spokane Chiefs to play in one," Chiefs president Bobby Brett said in a statement. "I think it will be an unbelievable event for our players and fans."
We may have known the outline of the global US kidnapping and torture programme for a few years. But even the heavily censored summary of the US senate torture report turns the stomach in its litany of criminal barbarity unleashed by the CIA on real and imagined US enemies.
The earlier accounts of US brutality in Abu Ghraib and Guantánamo pale next to the still sanitised record of forced rectal “infusions” and prolapses, multiple “waterboarding” drownings and convulsions, the shackled freezing to death of a man seized in a mistaken identity case, hooded beatings and hanging by the wrists, mock executions, and sleep deprivation for up to 180 hours.
What has been published is in fact only a small part of a much bigger picture, including an estimated 100 or more prisoners tortured to death in US detention. Added to the rampant lying, cover-ups and impunity, it's a story that the champions of America's “exceptionalism” will find hard to sell around the world. And it's hardly out of line with a CIA record of coups, death squads, torture schools and covert war stretching back decades, some revealed by an earlier senate report in the 1970s.
There is of course nothing exceptional about states that preach human rights and democracy, but practise the opposite when it suits them. For all the senate's helpful redactions, Britain has been up to its neck in the CIA's savagery, colluding in kidnapping and torture from Bagram to Guantánamo while dishing out abuses of its own in Iraq and Afghanistan.
So you'd hardly think this reminder of the horrors unleashed in the name of the war on terror was the time for Britain to announce its first permanent military base in the Middle East for four decades. The presence of western troops and support for dictatorial Arab regimes were, after all, the original reasons given by al-Qaida for its jihad against the west.
The subsequent invasions, occupations and bombing campaigns led by the US, Britain and others have been endlessly cited by those who resisted them in the Arab and Muslim world, or launched terror attacks in the west. But last week, foreign secretary Phillip Hammond proudly declared that Britain would reverse its withdrawal from “east of Suez” of the late 1960s and open a navy base “for the long term” in the Gulf autocracy of Bahrain.
The official talk is about protecting Britain's “enduring interests” and the stability of the region. But to those fighting for the right to run their own country, the message could not be clearer. Britain, the former colonial power, and the US, whose 5th Fleet is already based in Bahrain, stand behind the island's unelected rulers. No wonder there have already been protests against the base.
Bahrainis campaigning for democracy and civil rights, in a state where the majority are Shia and the rulers Sunni, were part of the Arab uprisings in 2011. With US and British support, Saudi Arabia and the UAE crushed the protests by force. Mass arrests, repression and torture followed.
Three years later, Bahrain's human rights situation has got worse, and even the US government voices concerns. But British ministers purr about the “progress” of the monarchy's “reforms”, praising phoney elections to a toothless parliament, boycotted by the main opposition parties. Last week Bahraini activist Zainab al-Khawaja was sentenced to three years in jail for tearing up the king's photograph. Her father, Abdulhadi, is already serving a life sentence for encouraging peaceful protest.
In reality, the British base's main job won't be to prop up the Bahraini regime, but to help protect the entire network of dictatorial Gulf governments that sit on top of its vast reserves of oil and gas – and provide a springboard for future interventions across the wider Middle East. British troops never really left the region and have been part of one intervention after another.
The US itself controls an archipelago of military bases across the Gulf: in Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and the UAE, as well as Bahrain. And despite Barack Obama's much-heralded pivot to Asia, they are also clearly there for the long haul. After the US accepted the overthrow of the Egyptian dictator Mubarak three years ago, the Gulf autocrats are looking for extra security, which Britain and France are glad to provide. For the London elite, the Gulf is now as much about arms sales and finance as about oil and gas – and a web of political, commercial and intelligence links that go to the heart of the British establishment.
So the British military is also looking to beef up its presence in the UAE, Oman, Qatar and Kuwait. The crucial thing is that these colonial creations remain in the grip of their ruling families and democratisation is put on the back burner. That's the only guarantee that this corrosive relationship will endure – on the back of disenfranchised populations and armies of grotesquely exploited migrant labour.
On a larger scale, the return of western-backed dictatorship in Egypt, the Arab world's most important country, has helped re-establish the conditions that led to the war on terror in the first place. Obama has traded the CIA's Bush-era kidnap-and-torture programme for expanded special forces and CIA drone killings, often of people targeted only by their “signatures” – such as being males of military age. And British forces have this week been accused of training and providing intelligence for Kenyan death squads targeting suspected Islamist activists.
The impact of all this – the revelations of the CIA's torture orgy, the growing western military grip, the vanishing chances of democratic change – on the Arab and Muslim world should by now be obvious, along with the social backlash in countries such as Britain.
But with its new commitment to station troops in Bahrain, we can have no doubt where the British government stands: behind autocracy and “enduring interests”. Just as the refusal to hold previous US governments to account for terror and torture laid the ground for what happened after 9/11, the failure of parliament even to debate the decision to garrison the Gulf is an ominous one. Britain's new base isn't in the interests of either the people of Britain, Bahrain or the Middle East as a whole – it's a danger and affront to us all.
"Marvel has figured out a way to make those movies accessible to the public [in a way] that DC hasn't," says the man behind Nick Fury.
There's no denying that Samuel L. Jackson is a company man.
The actor told MTV News that Marvel films, unlike those of a certain competitor, pull off the delicate balance of pleasing fans while still appealing to mainstream audiences.
Read more A Reminder From Samuel L. Jackson: Only "Two More Movies" Left on My Marvel Contract
"I think Marvel has figured out a way to make those movies accessible to the public [in a way] that DC hasn't," Jackson said.
The Nick Fury actor says he is surprised that films based on DC's beloved stable of superheroes aren't greeted with a more enthusiastic response from audiences. "I don't know why you can't get [people excited about] Batman, Superman [and can't get] people as juiced up to be a part of that," he continued.
See more Bam! Bang! Pow! True Tales From Marvel's 75-Year History
Not all moviegoers are likely to agree with Jackson. Sure, some DC movies have disappointed — no offense, Green Lantern fans — but Christopher Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy was hugely popular.
Plus, there is no question that 2016's Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice, introducing Ben Affleck as the Caped Crusader, is generating plenty of pre-release buzz. So perhaps Marvel and DC followers simply need to agree to disagree.
Email: Ryan.Gajewski@pgmedia.org
Twitter: @_RyanGajewski
Every now and then I find a simple and brilliant idea on the internet. If this system was in place in the CA election I believe a serious % of the problems could not have happened – or would have been immediately known.
VERICOUNT ELECTION AUDIT SYSTEM – ENSUREs THE INTEGRITY OF DEMOCRATIC ELECTIONS using FIVE APPS
01 – Poll Watcher App
Allows poll watchers to duplicate all the tallies collected by official poll workers, creating an independent record of polling-place results and revealing any post-polling tampering.
02 – Exit Voting App
Allows voters, upon departing their polling places, to re-record their votes, providing a 1:1 parallel count of the votes cast.
03 – Entering Voter app
Records the votes of voters who are forced to stand in line for many hours and may leave before casting their votes, thus providing potentially potent evidence of the effects of local government decisions to increase congestion and discourage voting.
04 – Voter App
Allows voters on their own initiative to record their ballot choices inside the voting booth.
05 – Election Observer App
Allows independent election monitors to upload photographs of suspicious activities that may compromise campaigning and voting.
their website: Democracy Now!
Jupiter formed before any of the other planets in the solar system. Amy A. Simon/NASA/European Space Agency.
Jupiter is the oldest planet in the solar system, according to research published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS).
Scientists led by Thomas S. Kruijer of the University of Münster, in Germany, measured concentrations of molybdenum and tungsten isotopes derived from iron meteorites to model the age of the system's largest planet.
There are two distinct groups of iron meteorites, the researchers suggest, which arose separately within the nebula cloud from which the solar system eventually coalesced. They represent, they write, “two genetically distinct nebular reservoirs that coexisted and remained spatially separated” during the first few million years of the solar system's formation.
The most plausible explanation for their separation, Kruijer and colleagues suggest, is the formation of Jupiter in between them.
Jupiter is a type of planet known as a gas giant. Its likely formation involved first the accretion of a solid core, followed by the accumulation of thick layers of gases surrounding it.
Kruijer's team calculates that the process began very soon after the birth of the solar system, which occurred when part of a giant molecular cloud condensed under the force of its own gravity around 4.6 billion years ago.
According to the modeling, Jupiter's inner core grew to the equivalent of about 20 times the mass of the Earth within the first million years. The Sun was still a protostar at this stage, not having become dense enough for hydrogen fusion to begin.
The growth rate then slowed down, but continued, reaching about 50 times the mass of earth three million years later.
“Thus, Jupiter is the oldest planet of the solar system, and its solid core formed well before the solar nebula gas dissipated,” the team writes.
Fixing a date for the formation of the largest planet, the scientists conclude, will allow for better analysis of how its presence affected the dynamics of the young solar system.
Its early development, they suggest, would have heavily influenced the movement of matter, “potentially explaining why our Solar System lacks any super-Earths”.
Speaking at the UFC on Fox 9 press conference promoting his first title defense, UFC lightweight champion Anthony Pettis was asked who in his Roufusport camp we could be seeing join the UFC ranks sooner than later. After mentioning his younger brother Sergio, Pettis started gushing over U.S. Olympian and Bellator welterweight champion Ben Askren.
"One guy that is on the main stage already is Ben Askren," said Pettis. "He's stuck between Bellator and UFC, thinking about retiring. One of the best guys I've ever trained with. His level of wrestling and how much better he's got his striking is ridiculous. One guy I don't want to see retire. I don't want to see him get lost between organizations."
Thursday night, Askren not only dispelled the retirement rumors, but called out UFC welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre. Unless St-Pierre plans on looking for work elsewhere, Askren's signing with the UFC may just be a matter of time.
Not retiring yet, still 1 person I want to beat up. @GeorgesStPierre @ufc @danawhite — Ben Askren (@Benaskren) October 4, 2013
Once I figured out GSPs dark place didn't really exist I knew he would be easy prey! — Ben Askren (@Benaskren) October 4, 2013
Seriously though GSP in 2009 prob would have beat me, but this current version fights way too scared! — Ben Askren (@Benaskren) October 4, 2013
I will lay on GSP for as long as I damn well please. — Ben Askren (@Benaskren) October 4, 2013
Askren recently finished out his contract with Bellator in July, scoring a TKO victory over Andrey Koreshkov at Bellator 97. Although Bellator waived the right to an exclusive negotiating period to allow Askren to test the waters of free agency, the promotion still has the right to match any offer he may receive. Askren would need to allow for that exclusive matching period to end before truly becoming an unrestricted free agent.
5 MUST-READ STORIES
Jones vs. Teixeira set for UFC 169. With the addition of Alistair Overeem vs. Frank Mir being brought over from UFC 167, Jon Jones will make the next defense of his UFC light heavyweight title to Glover Teixeira in February 2014.
Gus heads home. A possible fight with teammate Phil Davis looming, Alexander Gustafsson has split from California's Alliance camp in favor of setting up shop back in his native Sweden.
Remembering EliteXC. Five years removed from the promotion's infamous final show, Chuck Mindenhall's piece on the strange, last days of the promotion is an absolute must-read. "It was like the circus was in town, and they were going to check out ‘the show.' They aren't there to see the other MMA fighters and they weren't MMA fans. They were Kimbo Slice fans."
Rothwell suspended. While his recent TKO victory over Brandon Vera cannot be overturned by Wisconsin's athletic commission, the UFC has suspended heavyweight Ben Rothwell nine months for exceeding allotted testosterone levels.
Munoz on Hall. As a training partner and coach, Mark Munoz gives some insight into the troubles Uriah Hall has had since his dominating stint on The Ultimate Fighter. "When he steps into the Octagon, he's not the same person that I see in practice."
MEDIA STEW
UFC on FOX 9: Pettis vs. Thomson Press Conference.
Ronda's mom stops by TUF.
Rico Verhoeven's Glory 11 interview. I sat behind his girlfriend at Glory 9 in New York and man can she scream.
UFC Tonight: Sonnen responds to Silva taunts with bonus arm wrestling.
Jesse Taylor wants a crack at Yushin Okami.
A look at the Evolve Fight Team.
(HT to Anton)
TWEETS
Promotions.
Brown Pride, black belt - congrats to champ @CainMMA for his BJJ promotion RT @UFCEspanol https://t.co/w0ShRVvu91 — UFC (@ufc) October 3, 2013
Así subió @dc_mma de cinturón blanco a café en Jiu Jitsu https://t.co/PZUcduWoV6 — UFC Español (@UFCEspanol) October 3, 2013
Today was belt promotion day at aka and it was awesome. I got my brown belt from white and Cain and... http://t.co/375p37OfYr — Daniel Cormier (@dc_mma) October 3, 2013
Promotion day at AKA. Finally got my black belt after 15 years of jiu jitsu. @cainmma got his too &... http://t.co/yFGYiRAqLn — Luke Rockhold (@LukeRockhold) October 3, 2013
Impressive. Most impressive.
The Professors are still crazy.
"@danawhite: very true I just care about the guy and don't want to see him get hurt" That's how we know our sport is in great hands.. ;-) — Renzo_Gracie_BJJ (@RenzoGracieBJJ) October 3, 2013
Get that Reebok money.
His neighbors must love it.
Good point.
I find it amazing, that other people find it amazing that the strongest man in the world was able to hold me down on my back for 2 rounds — Sean McCorkle (@BigSexyMcCorkle) October 3, 2013
FIGHT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Announced yesterday (Oct. 3 2013)
Robert Whittaker vs. Brian Melancon at UFC Fight Night 33
Jim Miller vs. Fabricio Camoes at UFC 168
Bobby Voelker vs. William Macario at UFC 168
Matthew Riddle vs. TBA at Bellator 109
Jon Jones vs. Glover Teixeira at UFC 169
Frank Mir vs. Alistair Overeem moved from UFC 167 to UFC 169
Cody McKenzie vs. Sam Stout at UFC on FOX 9
Robert Drysdale vs. Cody Donovan at UFC 167
FANPOST OF THE DAY
Today's Fanpost of the Day comes via Decado.
The UFC Only Has 8 Fighters it Can Rely on to Draw Over 300,000 Buys. Is it in Trouble?
A random, off the cuff question from my MMA Sentinel partner in crime, Steph Daniels, ‘Is Jon Jones the UFC's third biggest Pay-Per-View draw?' led me down a surprising rabbit hole. When I consulted my magical spreadsheet that I used to chart the UFC's Pay-Per-View trends over the past 6 years, I discovered something surprising. There are only four fighters in the UFC who have drawn over 500,000 buys on average over the past two years or so. There are perhaps another three who regularly draw over 400,000. Overall, there are only 8 fighters who average over 300,000 buys. This is a significant drop from the high point of 2009. Is the UFC failing to create new draws? First of all, there's an important caveat to all of this. I only count headliners. The strength of the undercard is ignored completely. In some instances this can skew things a little, a very strong co-main event can account for an extra 50,000 - 100,000 buys or more, but properly accounting for that in an objective manner is impossible, so I avoid that pitfall by only counting headliners. The UFC doesn't release PPV buy numbers, so for the most part these are estimates from industry insiders and analysts such as Dave Meltzer. ...
Check out the rest of the post here.
Found something you'd like to see in the Morning Report? Just hit me up on Twitter @SaintMMA and we'll include it in tomorrow's column.
